---
video_id: RGSxVkQOaak
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Tranquil Tuesday - Park Hopping from Epcot to Magic Kingdom - Walt Disney World - 3-3-26"
published: 2026-03-03
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGSxVkQOaak
---
April coming Well, hey everybody. It's Josh with Resort TV1 and I'm live for Tranquil Tuesday here at Epcot park hopping over to Magic Kingdom. So, thanks for joining us today. Welcome to Tranquil Tuesday and uh let's go ahead and get started. This is a really a nice kind of peaceful rainy day here at Epcot. It's not raining right now, but it rained just a little bit ago. And you see they got the following garden decorations out already, and they look amazing. So, here we've got some over here as well. Lotso complete with crutch and pin wheel. How fun. It's funny how all the lighting now that they use must be just slightly off frequency from uh the phones. because it uh definitely has a lot of flicker, but either way, looks great. I don't know. Oh, somebody's asking about contemporary. I don't know if I'll make it over there tonight because uh I don't have a lot of time, but we'll see. Well, I guess if we're going to hop, we better get right to it. So, we're going to start off by doing a few rides here at Epcot and then we'll hop over to the Magic Kingdom. So, I hope that you are ready for the ride or all the rides. find one of the flower and garden food map signs if I see one. Sure. >> Uh, I bet. Hello. >> How are you? >> Good. How are you? >> Good. >> I'm Eden. I chat a lot. Yeah. Nice to meet you. >> Nice to meet you, too. I just want to come say hi. >> He wanted He said he watches you every day cuz I always have you on at home. So, he grew up watching you guys pretty much. >> That is so awesome. What's your name, buddy? >> Hayden. Hayden. >> Hayden. >> Yeah, we actually met you guys 3 years ago. >> Okay. >> It was like the spring of 2023, I think. >> Okay. >> So, we just want to come say hi. I also have this. I don't know if you already have this. It's a Horizon. >> Oh my gosh. Yeah. That's so awesome. >> I think I might, but it's super cool either way. So, yeah, for sure. No, thank you. >> You already have it. >> No, it's awesome. Absolutely. >> I was pin trading the other day and I saw it, so >> I appreciate you thinking of me. No, this is a this is awesome. I actually focus. There we go. I love this. I love everything. Horizons. We were just talking about it earlier before the stream actually. So, my friend and I. So, that's awesome. >> Anyway, I just want to say hi. >> Oh, hi. You want to say hi on the stream? >> Sure. >> Hi, everybody. >> Aiden and Hayden. And where were you guys from again? >> We're from Canada. >> Canada. Oh, yeah. >> From Ontario. >> Ontario. >> Very nice. You guys enjoying the warmer weather down here? >> We are. Yeah. We've been here since the 18th and then we're leaving on Saturday. >> Okay. So, nice long trip. >> Yeah. >> Well, hopefully it'll start to I don't want to say warm. I know how it is up north, but it'll start to moderate a little bit, right, as we get into April and May. >> Yeah, I'm hoping I bring some of the warmth back. >> Yes, bring it back. >> Thank you. >> You saw me. That was my other son, Colton. >> Oh, hi. You were hiding back there, buddy. What did you say? Colton. >> Holden. >> Holden. >> Nice. >> We're going to go have a Garden Grill dinner. So, >> Oh, I love garden girl. You got the right shirts on for that. >> I am so happy. I cannot go. >> Yeah, it's too hot in the summer for Hayden. He doesn't like too much heat. Well, yeah. >> Growing up in Canada, you don't have to do that as much. What, buddy? >> He said it's been a long time that we haven't been to Disney. >> Yeah, that that you know, it it does seem like a long time when you haven't been for a while. For sure. >> Well, thanks so much. >> Yeah. Thanks. >> Nice to see you guys again. Bye, guys. Enjoy dinner. >> Thank you. >> All right, let's see. I think I'm going to start with um I'm going to start with the land today. We started with Spaceship Birth last time. So, we'll ride a couple rides here and then we'll head over to um we'll head over to Magic Kingdom. So, I hope that you will join us along the way. It's pretty awesome. Yes, they were adorable. Okay. Hey, Josa family. Yeah, definitely riding the Montreal. That's the plan. All right. No, I haven't seen the Frozen new faces yet. We need to do that soon. I do almost have the uh 24-hour ride stream ready, though, so that's kind of cool. I'm hoping to launch it maybe this Saturday. We'll see. Um, so I've got most of the videos converted over. I've got to convert all the videos. It took me a long time. I had to convert all the videos over, cut off all the intros because if you're watching 24 hours, you don't want to hear me constantly introducing the videos. In fact, I completely just stopped introducing ride videos cuz you honestly don't need to hear me talk on the ride video. So, you know, I I I watched back some of the stuff I'd done. I was like, "Wow, I'm just like saying all the things that they can already see. Maybe I don't need to tell them what they're seeing." Like there's there's one thing about a tour, right? And resort tours and stuff are different cuz you you know you're telling people about the resort and things like that. But anyway, yeah. So, I've got close to 80 ride videos ready to go and I'll probably have a few more by the time it goes live. Uh, and I just got our friend Rob Fuzz said we could use some of his, so that'll be cool. So, big thanks to Rob Fuzz on that. You can go check his YouTube channel out. He's got so many awesome awesome ride through videos there. So, tomorrow is the first day of Flower and Garden. Jenna's going to be covering that right here on Resort TV1. So, definitely want to check that out. Okay, let's see. So, I think somebody wanted to Oh, here you go. All right. Here you go. Whoever wanted the allergy friendly options right there. Hold on. Let me I'll just hold it right there. You can rewind. >> Get your QR code there. And then there's also this one. >> So feel free to rewind if you need to scan those. There you go. QR codes done. Check. Anyway, the ride stream is going to be super awesome. You're going to love it. And not just that, um, because there's so many rides on it, you could watch it for a long time and not see the same ride. Um, obviously there's, you know, a decent amount of people mover rides on there, but also even even uh without that, there's there's actually not that many compared to everything else. So, it's a it's a pretty cool collection, and you'll be able to watch for a long time and not see any repeats. So, you're welcome, David. >> Light rain here. It's expecting about a half an inch overnight. Yeah, for sure. >> Hey, bearded CPA. Am I doing a fireworks one? No, I'm going to put the fireworks with the rides, >> I think. Um, I'll probably put the fireworks on. Maybe I'll do like a um I don't know. We'll have to see how that works. I got to figure it out cuz I want to um >> I want to put those on like at normal fireworks time like at at 9:00 p.m. um for the most time, but also I don't want to just play the same thing at every time. So, I don't know. I got to figure that that out to see how we can do that. So, we'll see. But the plan is to include fireworks at some point. I heart living with the land, too. And also this morning, if you missed it, I put out a rock and roller coaster tribute video. 35 minutes long. Most rock and roller coaster videos are super short cuz the ride's not that long, but I made mine uh really long because I wanted to do a tour of the whole thing. So, I did a whole tour I did a whole um Oh, wow. There's hardly anybody in line. Yes, I did a whole tour of of Rock and Roller Coaster. So, you're going to love it if you haven't seen it yet. And two ride throughs of it with my >> I know you want to go over there. with my uh GoPro. Two rides of it with the GoPro. Sorry, my brain is a little frazzled. Yeah. So, two rides with the GoPro and uh huge tour of everything. And the only thing I didn't get in there, of course, was the pre-show, but um that's uh I guess the pre-show closed in December, and I didn't even know, but I included another version of the pre-show from another time. So that's how we did that. >> All right. Going down. Oh, Metal gave five memberships. Thank you, Metal. I missed it. >> Your other channels are an awesome idea. Thank you. I got to find it. a metal loopy. >> Oh, wow. That's awesome. Oh, I see what it is. I can't say I can't say the rest of it, but thank you so much. I appreciate that for the five gifted memberships. Hope Spiderb Eden and um Imbriardis. Awesome. Sorry if I mess up your name because it YouTube puts them all together, but thank you so much. All right. So, love this. This is from Hook. Uh, Tiger Del John says I could go over to hear Wes over in the Grand Fidian. Oh, that's awesome. I'll probably stay in the parks tonight, but thank you for uh the invitation. That's pretty awesome. All right, I'll be right back. I got to switch over the switch over the connection real quick. Hey, Dan. Dan, I use your uh I use your spreadsheet of all of our streams because uh I couldn't remember when we had streamed Rock and Roller Coaster and Dan did all of our streams up to like 2024. Hello. >> You're going to follow. >> Thank you. >> Yeah, Dan did all of our streams up to 2024 with every ride and everything that we ever, you know, did all the major things on each stream. And uh so I was I was able to search the spreadsheet for um the word rockin or whichever. I think I used I think I used roller. That was good cuz rock and roller coaster is all a bunch of words. So I think I used roller. >> How many? >> How many? >> Uh one. Can I wait for the front? That'd be okay. >> Stand right to the side over there. >> So anyway, that is uh I I used your spreadsheet and found I we had only streamed Rock and Roller Coaster a couple times, which is crazy. Hi. >> Good. How are you? >> Oh, nice to see you. >> So, I um Yeah. I don't know. >> All the way down. Oh, I I don't think it's publicly accessible, but I guess it could be. Um, he just sent it to me of all the work he did. So, that was super super helpful. >> This is you, right? >> Yes. >> Thank you. Thank you. >> Sit back, relax, and enjoy living. >> You can dream it. Hello. How's it going? Good to see you, Heather. Hey Jamie. inside the boat. Thank you. Now sit back, relax and enjoy living. No, >> welcome to a voyage of discovery and awareness of the richness and diversity of the surprising nature living with the land. Our journey begins as dramatic and sudden changes are sweeping over the land. The approaching storm may seem violent and destructive to us, but to nature it's a new beginning of the summer. Beneath the surface of the land, trap water going by extracting precious nutrients These elements when combined with sunlight created the first living systems of our planet. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. In the desert, nature has created a very different and no less beautiful living system. And while this arid landscape may seem lifeless, it is very much alive. The plants and animals that have learned to survive in these harsh conditions make use of what little water they can find and avoid the scorching rays of the relentless sun. The American prairie once appeared as desolate as the desert, but over time rainwater and nutrients gradually penetrated the hard surface of this land. Even the hooves of the mighty buffalo helped create the rich soil that would one day become home to the American farm. Of all the forces at work on the land, humans have had one of the most profound effects. The need to produce food for a growing world led to the enormous use and sometimes overuse of the land. In our search for more efficient ways to grow food, we often fail to realize the impact of our methods. >> Today, we're learning to live with the land, discovering better ways to grow food that will assure both human and environmental wellbeing. chemicals. Here at Epcot, we're learning to reduce the need for chemical pesticides by breeding and using natural predators like ladybugs and wasps to control pests. In the farmlands across America, we're learning that by plowing under vegetation containing natural fertilizers, we can enrich the soil without the use of inid regions. We're learning to produce food on desert sea coasts by developing and planting crops that thrive on salt water. In Japan, we're learning that by mixing we read and other materials into our project. How will we meet tomorrow's growing needs for food production yet still respect the needs of the land? Some of the answers are being discovered just ahead. To help us maintain these carefully controlled ecosystems and for your safety, please remain seated in your boat at all times. Welcome to our living laboratory where scientists from Epcot and the US Department of Agriculture are exploring innovative ways to produce bountiful harvests now and into the future. The tropics are home to the greatest diversity of plants on the planet. Many of these like papaya, bananas, cacao, coffee, and rice are well known around the world. These are just a few of the edible plants that have been an important source of nutrition for people living in the tropics. Many are rich in vitamins and minerals, while others are well adapted to growing in less than ideal conditions. Some, like the water lily, thrive in wet, swampy areas and waterways. All parts of this plant, even the flower petals, are edible. The starchy root of the plant has long been used to make flour for baking. One day, many of these lesserknown tropical plants may be as important as the bananas growing on both sides of the boat. More than 28 million tons of bananas are eaten annually, making it the most popular fruit in the world. When you farming, you probably don't think or nearly half of all like the ones you see here are three of more popular crops raised by fish farmers. The sustainable system we're using here recycles the water in the tanks. As a result, we're able to save billions of gallons each year. Our small fish bowl produces nearly 5,000 lb of fish each year to serve in restaurants around Walt Disney World. Innovations like this one can play an important role in our efforts to produce powerful harvest and still prevent resources. While there are more than 50,000 edible plant species in the world, most of us are only familiar with the handful that make up our everyday diet. The common grains growing here, wheat, maize, sorghum, and millet, plus rice, account for nearly 2/3 of our global food consumption. Learning how to increase yields of these stables is an important goal of research around the world. These plants are definitely on their way up. Innovative growing techniques like these increase yields while more efficiently using resources like water, fertilizer, and pesticides. Another innovation at work here is our integrated pest management program. By populating our green houses with beneficial insects that prey on harmful pests like aphids and flies, we are significantly reducing our reliance on conventional pesticides. We're growing these crops using our nutrient film system. This technique precisely controls and recycles water and nutrients. With it, we can produce over 27,000 heads of lettuce a year in this one small area. This way is required by traditional drones. The aquaponic system on your left with aquaculture provided natural. >> Some of our best ideas have been inspired by nature like these fruit and vegetable trees. By growing these ground plants vertically, we can increase yields and better control diseases. These crops taste as good as they look. In fact, we serve more than 15 tons of produce from our green houses in restaurants here at the land every year. Can I get the guys? >> The future of agriculture may include innovative ideas like this vertical growing system. Plants grown in this way use a fraction of the space required by traditional growing methods that saves water and increases production. The aquaponic system on your left combines hydroponics with aquaculture. The fish provide a natural source of fertilizer for the plants and the plants help keep the water clean for the fish. It's another great way to produce more while using less. In our lab, Epcot scientists are working with the US Department of Agriculture on a number of innovative projects. The goal of these efforts is to produce higher yielding and better quality plants. Heat. Heat. These green houses represent just a fraction of the work being done worldwide to produce powerful harvests for our growing population. Scientists, farmers, and even backyard gardeners are doing their part to improve the quantity and quality of foods that we all rely upon. Together, we can continue to find more ways to increase food production and protect our precious natural environment. Only then will we truly be living with the land. On behalf of Walt Disney World, we hope you've enjoyed this unique journey through our living laboratory. If you like it, then check out the behind the scenes walking tour. It's a chance for the whole family to get up close and personal with the plates and growing techniques in our laboratories. Please keep your hands and feet inside the boat and remain seated until the boat comes to a complete stop. For your safety, please remain behind the yellow line until the come as you please and watch your steps. For your safety, remain seated with your hands and arms. Please gather all your personal belongings. There you have it. >> We lived with the land. So relaxing. Amazing. >> All day. >> Yeah. Where are you guys from? >> Oh, New Jersey. >> Oh, nice. >> You, too. >> Great to see you. Talk to you. Thanks for doing it. >> Of course. Of course. You guys have a fun rest of your trip. You too. >> All right. Yes. So, we're in his 20 minutes. I think I I want to keep going though cuz I got to get over. We don't have a ton of time to get to Magic. So, I think I'm going to do one more ride uh and then we'll head over to Magic. probably do Spaceship Birth since that's kind of on the way out and also it sounds like fun. But yeah, we'll try and get it get Sora next time for sure. I really need to get on Frozen, too. Even if we just have to wait a little bit. Hey, Carbo Box. So, anyway, welcome in. It's been a great day so far. A little rainy earlier, but we kind of need it. We're Florida's pretty dry in the uh winter and spring. We get most of our rain in the summer with the big afternoon storms that we get. A lot of the cold fronts fall apart before they get down here. So, that's a a little bit of a problem, but it's all right. May Well, maybe we can see you know what? >> Maybe we can see the uh Beacon of Magic show. Epcot's Beacon of Magic show. >> Well, this was a uh symbiosis that's been there since the opening. >> Okay. So, yes, Beacon Magic is on for the uh the main show is on right now. So, at 6:40, the Epcot 40th show should be on. So, that'll be good. I would like to see that. So, I'll uh I'll try and wait down there and then we'll ride Spaceship Earth. It is kind of funny how how uh Moana >> you take whatever you >> is uh kind of down there on the way to Spaceship Birth and we used to walk down right next to the seas there and they've kind of closed that off. There is still one path by Moana but we used to have to walk that way when all the construction was going on. There's the nephews, Huey, Dewey, and Louie. What do I think about the change coming to the parks? I mean, I, you know, I'm I'm glad they're doing stuff. I think I hope it's good. That's the biggest thing. You know, sometimes I think when they have a big idea and it's a great idea, it's like this Epcot transformation, but then the budget goes away and then they end up, you know, doing lesser version of than what they planned. that's when it would sometimes have been better if it had just been left the same. So, um I know that's the realities of corporate life, but still it is something that I would like to see. You know, if you're going to do it, then follow through with it. So, this is a cool little Is this hoppers? Yeah, it sure is. Look at this. That's funny. That's cute. Let's see. Oh, they have I bet there's going to be a sign there. That's cool. >> Just got to our resort and headed to Epcot. We'll miss you, but maybe you'll pop by Magic. Oh, okay. Ginger. Yeah. Sorry about that. I'm not trying to leave you behind or anything, but yeah, no worries. Take your time. Kind of like mission space. Yeah, exactly. Exactly like Mission Space. Now that to be clear, I don't think anybody would have been upset about mission space being a thing somewhere else, right? You know, I think that would have been fine. Um, but yeah, just what it replaced was the problem. So weird. Hi, Jody. I hope you're doing okay. >> You keep getting all these weird PayPal message reset. >> PayPal reset your password things. >> I reset my password a long time ago. So, I'm wondering if what's happening is somebody is trying to send us a PayPal, but they're trying to log into their own account. They're trying to log into our account instead of their own account. I'm not sure if you're trying to send us a PayPal right now. You're trying to log into our account and not yours. So, don't worry. I've changed my password now. So, I don't think anybody's trying to get through the password part of it. But, I'm just just uh like I don't think anybody's trying to get into our account. These benches are new. I like extra benches. Anyway, so every time I'm live, I get a bunch of those PayPal notifications. So, just, you know, if you're trying to send us a PayPal, it's paypal.me/resorttv1. But don't try and log in to our account. I'm not sure if that's happening or not. It's just weird. So, either way, don't worry. I got paranoid that somebody had my password and was trying to was trying to reset it, but >> nope. >> I've reset it a couple times now to something different. So, even if they did, they don't have it anymore. >> Isn't it kind of funny though how like passwords you have over the years and then like you end up having to change them because like how unsecure how insecure the internet is. Do you ever you guys ever notice that? It's like it almost seems pointless to have passwords sometimes cuz inevitably somebody hacks it and then a password you use just gets shared all over the you know the the password black market or whatever it is. The password you know dark web or whatever. I don't know. Whatever. It's weird. So >> yeah. Squirrel. It was a squirrel moment. Dory, you know about squirrel moments. >> Yeah. No, it's I had to Yeah. I had to change my password away from 1 2 3 4 5. It turned out Turns out that was not secure. So now I know I I won't never do that again. I really didn't do that. Just in case anybody doesn't catch the sarcasm there. Hey Disney magic. I love that Space Balls minute. The combination is one one two two three four five. So the combination is 1 2 3 4 5. It's the same kind of combination an idiot would have on his luggage. And then here's you know president. What's his name? He's like he's like uh hey that's the same combination on my luggage. Such a great show. >> Hello man. I love your shirt. >> Thank you. >> Oh my gosh. Yeah. That's awesome. >> Thank you. >> I just got it in the store over there but I don't know when. It was a while ago. >> Oh yeah. Thank you. Thank you. >> The shirt they're talking about is this one. >> 67. Yeah, that's right. Dr. Don't tell them what I added to it. Don't tell them my password. I had to add the 67 onto it. Screw. Yeah, that was his name. >> I'm going to reset the connection really quick. Stay tuned. There's one more with your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the vehicle. And please watch your children. The sliding doors of your time machine will close automatically. For your safety, remain seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the vehicle. And please watch your children close. For your safety, remain seated with your hands near the time machine and may stop momentarily. For your safety, remain seated at all times. During your slow moving journey, your time machine But where do we go and what kind of future will be discovered? Surprisingly, the answers lie in our possible. Since the dawn of recorded history, we've been inventing the future one step at a time. So, let's travel back in time together. I'll show you how our ancestors created the world we know today. And then it will be your turn to create the world of tomorrow. Here in the hostile world, we were alone struggling to survive until we learn to communicate together one another. Now, we can have as a team and survive together. It takes 15,000 years to come up with the next bright idea. Recording our knowledge on cave walls. There was only one small problem. When we moved, the recorded knowledge stayed behind. Now, let's move ahead to ancient Egypt because something is about to happen here that will change the future for Oliver. This unknown Egyptian pounding weeds is inventing papyrus, a sort of paper. Papyrus in turn creates better recordeping, plans, lives, money and unfortunately, but it also brings with it the dawn of great civilizations. At this point, each civilization has only for nothing else. But the Phoenicians who trade with absolution, they create a simple common alphabet adaptable to most languages. Remember how easy it was to learn your ABCs? Thank the Phoenicians. In 18 weeks of teachers first they established public schools and then begin teaching maintaining something of mathematical and math technologies and the world of the high with lessons learned from the Greeks. The Romans called to move their armies around. They built a system of roads all over the known world. Rome built the first worldwide web and it's leading us into the future. But then we hit a roadblock. Rome falls and the great library of Alexandria in Egypt is burned. Much of our learning is destroyed and lost forever. Or so we think. It turns out there are copies of some of these books in the libraries of the Middle East being watched over by Arab and Jewish Scots. The first the books are saved and with them are dreams of the future. In the meantime, here in Europe, monks touring books by hand. But that is about to change. In 1450, Gutenberg invents the movable type printer press. Now knowledge can travel as fast as these new books and travel they do. >> Books make it easier to invent the future in every incredible explosion of innovation called the house. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Seems like ever before. America is now connected from the Atlantic to the Pacific. >> Number three, immediately. >> By now we're all communicating that has one of these amazing there is bigger than the solution of many places a garage in California. Young people with a passion for shaping the future put the power of the computer in everyone's hands. Together we form a super network that gs with billions of interactions. And once again, we stand upon the brink of a new renaissance. After 30,000 years of time travel cut, here we are. A truly global community poised to shape the future of this, our spaceship. Please remain seated. Attention, you are now rotating backward for your return to Earth. Please remain seated, time travelers. Attention travelers, please remain seated. Your time machine is rotating backward for your return to Earth. In preparation for your return to Earth, your time machine is now rotating backward. Please remain seated. Attention. For the first time, kind of for the first time in history, all of this can ever set up the kind of world we want to live in. The choices we have made for the past 30,000 years have been inventing the future one day at a time. And now it's your turn. >> Let's have some fun creating the future, shall we? Let's have some fun creating the future, shall we? On your computer screen, answer a few questions for us. Then we'll show Everybody knows. >> Well done. Now, along with your answers, let's add in some amazing new technology that we happen to know about. Well done. Now, along with your answers, let's add in some amazing new technology that we happen to know about. Well done. Now, along with your answers, let's add in some amazing new technology that we happen to know about. >> Ladies and gentlemen, our time travels have been momentarily delayed. Please remain seated. Your time machine vehicle will begin moving again at any moment. Please remain seated. We'll resume our journey shortly. Thank you. >> Amazing new technology. Heat. Heat. Please remain seated. Your vehicle will begin moving immediately. Remain seated, please. Our travels are resuming now. And now I believe in your future. And now I believe your future is just about ready. Let's take a look, shall we? And now I believe your future is just about ready. Let's take a look, shall we? >> Welcome to the future, or should I say your future. >> In the future, the city will be a place to work. Innovative office buildings will be media rich environments out with global networking and the latest. Since you do your best thinking alone, you can bring your virtual tools with you to work while you commute. Thanks to super high speed networks that turn your vehicle into a mobile office. Who knew that board meetings could be set to blast? >> Great job. But you were to live so technology better wireless technology that brings the news while you're at the beach. It's just in. Looks like it's going to be as great as it may be tomorrow. >> The end. or should I say the beginning of your future. >> Here's to the next 30,000 years of space. >> So, here's to the next 30,000 years of spaceship. While no one knows for sure what we'll see or do, I do know it will be quite an adventure. An adventure that will take and make together. See you in the future. Welcome back. Now we invite you to visit tomorrow. >> Welcome back time travelers. Now we invite you to visit Project Tomorrow where new ideas and innovations are being developed to make the world a better place. Your vehicle doors will open automatically. Please keep your hands away from the doors and step carefully onto the moving platform. >> Welcome back to the second room. Please step up this way for me. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Okay, that's probably going to lag a little bit in here. Not very good signal in here. There used to be. I think there's a booster that's down or something, but in 3 minutes the Epcot 40th anniversary show is going to be on. So, I'm going to try and make it around for that. I actually forgot about it earlier, so I'm going to try and uh make it around the corner for that. So, give me just a second and we'll uh try and make it over there. My picture was pretty good again. I think I just have to keep things away from my face. It's really old facial recognition technology. It's not AI or anything. So, uh it's I think it's pretty easy to fool it if you have a hat on or if you have something in front of your face or even sunglasses or whatever. It gets confused pretty easily, which is how it does all the weird things. So, I'm guessing whatever system they're running it on probably isn't very easily upgradeable. Okay, so now we're outside and we can go back to good quality. Isn't that an amazing difference? We go from potato mode to our normal really good quality. Hey, Proud Patriot. All right, here. Let me turn up the brightness so I can read your chats. Uh, say Amy Moore's not feeling good. Sorry to hear that. >> Somebody was asking about Spaceship Earth, there being grander music. Yes, there was. It was big, huge. It was the beginning of Tomorrow's Child, the Walter Kankite era, uh, which went from 86 to 94. Um, first was Vic Vic Perin was the first narrator, but then after that was Walter Konite, and that was the Tomorrow's Child version, and the music for that was incredible. Let me see if I can play it for you real quick. Hold on. >> I'm gonna child copyright claim. Hold. Let me find it. This part, this is the music right here that you used to hear. right here. Anyway, that's gonna get copyright claim, but it's fine. I was I was commentarying on it. All right, here we go. Heat. Heat. Excellent. I guess there Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. There we go. All right. So, I thought that was going to be the Spaceship Earth 40th show, but I am going to take a real quick restroom break and then hopefully we'll be back out for the uh 40th and then we're going to get on the Montreal, head over to Magic Kingdom. Uh, Scotty, as far as the uh I don't usually read chat during the shows, but as far as that's why I wasn't answering your question, but as far as the um as far as the uh vehicles turning around, um yeah, that um that has that is the same. That has not changed. The vehicles turning around is uh is the same as it always has been. In other words, it turns around in the same place, the same amount. That didn't change. So, uh, so yeah, >> I'll be right back. But no, the vehicle is always turned around 180° from front to back. The reasoning because, you know, it's easier to go down when you're laying backwards rather than trying to lean forwards and having people fall and stuff. But anyway, that is what it is. All right, I'll be right back. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. All right, welcome back everybody. We're about to watch the Epcot 40th anniversary show here. I hope. I mean, we just watched the main beacon show, so hopefully that 40th is coming next. Either way, welcome in. Hi, Benjamin. >> Hi, Noel. Where did you watch that light show on Spaceship Earth? Oh, yeah. Um, just right next to the the planter here. >> It's a good spot. Actually, I need to get some more pictures of Spaceship Earth for my thumbnails cuz there's no trees in the way anymore. the thumbnail that I used the the picture that I used in tonight's thumbnail. They were older. Of course, there's the 50th anniversary castles in there. But anyway, all right. Here we go. Oh, that's the wrong one. All right. Okay. We're going to go. I'm not as I'm not as big of a fan of this one. It's fine. I don't want to wait. Sorry. I don't want to wait too long. So then it would be >> All right, we're going to go ahead and go because if we don't, we're going to be not able to um we're going to have a uh we're not going to have time to do the parks. That's what I'm trying to say. I can't talk, but you get the point. next to the planner. Do you need a ticket? Well, yeah, you have to be able to get into the park. Yes. I mean, you can see it from out here. Um, but you can also take the Montreal for free technically, but you wouldn't be able to hear the music. I always used to do that if I didn't have a ticket when I was coming down here for a couple times I came down for work or actually to find a job. Couple times I did that and I actually uh rode the Montreal around just to feel like I was in the park a little bit. Yeah. Yep. I'm going to go ahead and go. Um, the only thing is the 40th anniversary show will be gone tomorrow because they'll bring the flower and garden in and then they'll have all the I wish they'd kind of change them up a little bit, but they have all the uh the flower and garden stuff in there. So, it must be that one and it must be the Epcot show next or the uh Yeah, Epcot 40th must be next. Must be a three show rotation. I'm guessing. I don't really know for sure. That's okay. That song is the ringtone for my husband calls me. I was like, "What? Stop interrupting the stream." I know. That's funny. Okay. Sorry. The gamble's acting up. I had to re position it. All right. So, I have to wait till the next Montreal anyway. I just heard the doors closed, but I'm sure it won't be far. >> Won't be far, won't be long. >> This is not going to be a long hop. It's just going to be tranquil hopping for the sake of hopping. So, I'm not going to be hurrying. We're not going to get a whole lot done at Magic, but we should be able to at least enjoy people mover and some strolls and We'll see what else is available. All right. We will see what else is available. Another thing I have a slight memory of is a ride where they went past models of the future and I think there was an orange field. That is Horizons. Yep. One of the well not one of the best ride of all time. Haunted 20 minutes. Nice. Congrats Kimberly Paige. 27 months. Resort Harbor Silver. Hello Josh. Long time no talk. I hope you are well. Thanks Kimberly for being a bronze member. Sorry, silver member for 27 months. Hey for park. All right. We also want to talk about some awesome sponsors. Before I get too far into the stream, let's talk about uh mickeytras.com. If you want to book your next trip to Walt Disney World, mickeytravels.com. Definitely check it out, guys. MickeyTras.com. For the best and free Disney vacation planning advice, go check out mickeytras.com. Also, check out mickeyblog.com for some amazing articles about uh all about the latest Disney news. We also have resortbomes.com. That's resortbomes.com. If you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida, just go check out resorttv1homes.com. Click on contact us and one of our expert realtors will get back to you as soon as possible. That's resortv1homes.com. Click on contact us. We're brokered by expy. That's enough for now. Hey Candy Pirates 15. Cool. We should probably be able to do one of those. Pirates are haunted. We shall see. But we'll make it a goal. So again, earlier I posted my ultimate rock and roller coaster video. Uh it doesn't have a lot of views yet cuz our regular videos tend to get uh less views at first, but sometimes they get more views later. So cardboard box uh 28 months of Brazil bronze horizons forever. Yay. That's awesome. Thanks cardboard box. Proud Patriot, don't tempt me, Jay. I would be It would be a dream to live in Florida. Come on down. I know that's It's hard though. It's very hard. So, oh goodness. Ooh, the Horizon's logo. Apparently, I misspelled Horizons in the Horizon's logo uh thing there. I sure did. So, by the way, if you're a member, these are the extra emojis you get. Apparently, I misspelled Horizons. Oh, and these, too. Ooh, that's pretty. Those are nice. That's fun. So, yeah, that's one of the things you get for being a channel member is you get to you get to play with all the cool emojis. That rock and roller coaster bib was cool. Thanks, Shaggy. Yeah. Um, I actually, believe it or not, I I wasn't sure exactly how to film it correctly cuz I've had trouble with it cuz it's so if I film it on 60 frames a second, it was so noisy with the GoPro and they won't let you do like a phone or anything cuz, you know, it has to be secured for safety. So, I I totally get that, but I'm like, so I asked Chad DT, I'm like, "How do I film this ride?" And it was like, "You need to set the frame rate to 24 frames a second." And I was like, "Really?" And yeah, so I did one pass at 24 frames a second and one pass at 30 and they were both way better. So that's kind of fun. Maybe I had to misspell it. Yeah, maybe. I don't know. Say happy birthday rich from Allison. >> I wonder when a ride like Horizon's just dismantled, where does it go? A lot of it gets thrown out, but like I think um you know some of the props and stuff are kept like the robot is still around when you had a 4K Horizon video. Well, Rob Fuzz, our friend Rob Fuzz does uh and Disney uh Disney Dave, I believe they were they work together on that. It was it's I believe it's AI upscale, but still it's pretty cool. It's very good. Hey, Kelly >> in your rocket video. Thanks for running your hand over the marbles. I hope they keep that. I know. I had to though. I had to. And I thought people need this. People need to see this on the video. There comes the Montreal. Hey, Uncle Warble. The bathtub. I love that. Hey, Robert. So, yeah, there is. Let's see. Hold on. It's coming. There comes the Montreal. Looks like Montreal lime. I was thankfully able to hire the robot butler a lot like they did Rosie from uh from the Jetsons. Yeah. Thanks for the stream tonight. Can't wait for Jenna tomorrow. Yeah, Jenna's going to do a flower and garden festival. >> Congrats on 16 months of Resort Hopper bronze. Thanks as always, bringing the magic this tranquil Tuesday. When my vertigo is flaring up, this is just what I need. I hope you feel better. They had a ride car online for sale once. They wanted 4K for it. I don't think it was ever sold. It was at a warehouse not too far from here either. I I actually almost went to go see it. Apparently, the uh narration was was on a chip inside there that I'm not sure that they knew how to get in touch with, but we have the narration anyway. I do wish Disney would I know there's probably licensing, but I wish they would release all the audio files from all the past rides. Um I mean, I would I I would pay like I know it can't be free, but I would pay a subscription for it. I think the problem is that the those are so old the licensing would be really hard for them to figure out and probably not enough people would do it to pay for it. So anyway, I don't know. But all I do know is uh I would love to see all that media. I want to press the C and video button. I know >> it would be really awesome. I actually think on there was a message board and one of the guys that works for Disney music was on there and said that yes, they would like to they would like to release more attraction audio, but it's really is just licensing. And yeah, I've I have CD some of those Disney CDs. Remember Disney the Disney Forever Disney World Forever system? That was a really cool system where you could make uh CDs of all this music that was they' pre-selected. That was so cool. >> Bring back the CD the Yeah. CD making machines. Yeah, the red dot ones. That was so cool. Oh yeah, there goes the Epcot 40th show right now. >> Uh JP is talking about Walt Disney World Explorer. Yep, I have that still. Shaggy brings the surround sound. Nice. Hey, Mom. How you doing? You can see it if >> you guys can hear it or not, but it is the show. >> Hey, Dad. Michael says, "Great rock and roller coaster walk through." Thanks. >> Yeah, I worked on that. Not late last night, but late enough. I wanted to get it out much quicker than I did the Tom Sawyer and Liberty Square. I still got 384 gigs of Tom Sawyer and Liberty Square stuff. So, Montreal Lime going to figure that out anyway. So, definitely a Stay tuned for more Liberty Square stuff. Too bad they don't sing. Serve key line fire on the line. Montreal. Yeah. >> The micro says, "Imagine the Monrea horn tootses. Meet me." It actually like the Roadrunner, but it actually does have a horn that they use every once in a while. Why don't you just put >> and dad >> and Liam and I as well as Dale and Andy went to um >> Detroit Tiger spring training game in Lakeland on Sunday. That was fun. >> We got to take everybody out to the ball game. Dad Dad took us out to the ball game. Yeah. Well, um you know um what are we doing? >> That's cool, Tyler. >> I never understood the whole >> five times remove six. I I don't know. That's cool. I I am not good with genealogy. You could head over to Olivia's for key lime pie. I've heard that it's good there. >> Sounds like a fog horn. It does actually. I think it's supposed to sound more like a train horn except for not quite as loud as a real train. >> No, I can't leave Epcot. I already did. Too late. >> Park hopping. >> I just got thinking last night. I was like, what haven't I done for a while? Oh, park hopping. I just don't want to be just um yeah just uh >> Tiger Town is a great place to watch a ball game. Yeah, it is. We really enjoyed it. >> I got a t-shirt. that says Tiger Town on it. >> Dad got me a t-shirt and Liam a like a Detroit Tigers dinosaur. >> Carbo Box was talking about the models for Horizons being made by ILM. Yes, that was super cool. >> All right, good evening everyone and welcome aboard Monroe Line. We are heading to the transportation and ticket center. For those of you standing, please do not lean against the automatic doors, but please do hold on to the silver handrail. Thank you. >> See, look. >> Supposed to know that. What's your name here? >> Welcome aboard the Walt Disney World Montreal system. We're traveling to the transportation and ticket center. For those of you standing, please hold on to that hand throughout our journey. Please stay clear and do not leave the door for the comfort of others. May we smoke a part and thank you. >> Enjoy your trip. We look forward to seeing you again soon. This is just so complete. Oh still have mixed feelings about the ball having LEDs all over it. Yeah. >> You know, I think it's I think was one of those things that it could have gone wrong, but I think they they did a good job with it. I >> think it's really nice. I think it'd be really nice if we could focus. There we go. >> Yeah, I think the lights are really cool. In fact, Spaceship Ears, whose dad helped design Spaceship Earth, thinks it's cool. His dad or his dad thinks it's cool and he helped design the the Spaceship Earth itself. So, I would say uh if one of the designers liked it, I guess they did okay. original designers. I was curious about what he thought about it and he got to come see it in person. Um he lives in I believe California still or Washington. I can't remember. Either way, the point is um yeah, he he approved John Decure Senior Looks like Magic Kingdom. >> Yeah, I figured the same thing. Cardboard box. If the original one of the original designers liked it, then they probably done good. As they say, you done good. >> I see the pavement's still wet from the rain earlier. Yeah, the image of Mickey standing on top of Space Bird, that was super cool. >> Mickey was very brave that day. >> Not that he's not always, but they had to have him harnessed up there pretty good, I'd assume. No, it only rains just a little bit between 4 and 6. Anthony. >> Oh, the magic parking lot is not that full. Wow. Look at that. >> The middle parking lot of Magic is not even full. >> Wow. >> Must be Yeah, I think it's an off an off time. Yes, that is a good sign. >> Wow, even the middle middle lot isn't full. That is crazy. Hard to see through the trees. All right, we have reached our destination, the transportation and ticket center. Now, just a quick reminder, this Montreal will be returning to Epcot. Enjoy the rest of your evening, everybody. >> Yeah, a lot of people will stay on this and think it goes to Magic Kingdom all the way and then realize that they're back at Epcot. So, I'm glad that they say that. Yes, you have to get off the Montreal. I wish they might even go a step further and say if you'd like to go to Magic Kingdom, you have to get off of this Montreal and get on the one that says Magic Kingdom. Hey, Southern Medicine. Yeah, I'm having fun. >> Average wait time 18 minutes. Not bad. >> Sweet. >> But from Epcot to Magic Kingdom, you have to take >> it. All right, Kayie. Take daddy. We got to get on another memorial. >> Please remember to collect your belongings and take young children by the hand. Please remember to collect your belongings and take young children by the hand. As you exit, please lower your hands and watch yourself when all the way across your >> All right, Montreal number two, here we come. Technically, you could do the ferry boat, but we'll do the Montreal because it's usually a little quicker >> if things are running well. >> Wow, Carbo Box. Those are some low weight times for sure. And of course, everybody also is getting ready for um >> I got him. >> They're getting ready for Starlight. We made says Hollywood Studios is only half a day for us since Finley is still short and doesn't like throw rides. Yeah, for sure. Yeah, Hollywood Studios is rough anyway. That's why we don't stream there as much. It's a great park, but there's just not as many rides. The the newest parks, Animal Kingdom, Hollywood Studios, have way less rides than the original two parks. So, if they ever build a fifth park, I hope they really load it up with rides and not just thrill, thrill, thrill, thrill, thrill. I read an article earlier about that that they were looking at that the parks are pretty full now and that they're thinking they didn't announce anything, but they're saying that they might start to increase capacity after 2027. So, I mean, we're talking way down the road, but I think they're realizing they may have to finally build a park. his diploma. >> They should I know. That's what I was thinking. Carbo Box. They could have just made Villains Land, Cars Land, all that stuff in the new park and everybody would have been super happy. Like, who would have Nobody would have been upset about having a Villains Land or having even having the Piston Peak as long as it wasn't taking away >> as long as it wasn't taking away rivers. But anyway, yeah, a good park needs a lot of sea level attractions so they can eat up the lines. Exactly. And it also helps people. I think this what they haven't quite figured out. They think everybody needs thrill thrill thrill. But like they used to know this that having those sea level, having those slowmoving, having those things, number one, they're capacity eaters because like rides like Spaceship Earth, uh the land and and the like people on there, it's a huge capacity eater. And when people ride it with even a 20 minute, 30 minute weight during the day, um, they feel like they've gotten more done. If everything, like at Hollywood Studios, everything's an hour plus, you're not going to get as much done. You're not going to feel like you've accomplished anything. So, I don't know. It's a thing. sitting right here. >> I say that a lot. >> Where's Kyle? >> That's true. Garber box. Yeah, for sure. >> Oh, Rapunzel boat ride would be amazing. >> He's on. He's got to be on. Hurry up. >> You have Marshall. >> We got Marshall's inside. >> Where's my back up? That was awesome. >> Impressive. >> That door closed right on Phil. That was great. I know my limit. >> Rapunzel's Lantern Festival. Tokyo Disney is absolutely amazing. Disney Se has some great great rides. At least it looks like it. I haven't been there. Can't wait. Opening of the park has more operational costs. Oh, for sure. 100%. And that's why they haven't done it yet. what they're saying is I mean yeah you're 100% right but that's they're saying that it's going to be inevitable pretty soon. So yes it's not like just it's not an easy it's not an easy fix for sure but um it is something that they will eventually have to do is what even their CFO is saying. >> He said add capacity but how else do you add capacity? Yeah, you can add lands and stuff but eventually it's going to have to be a bigger capacity ad. That's all. >> Sorry. That door that looked worse, didn't I? What did I do? >> Dude, that looked so personal. That was great. >> I mean, I'm happy you didn't get hurt, but your reaction was hilarious. box. They need to hire the Epic Universe guy because it might take 20 years. I think they'll figure it out. But yes, they did build Epic Universe pretty fast. Full Moon. >> If you build it, they will come. Agreed. Field of Dreams. Good movie. >> I think Disneyland Handcrafted, doesn't it say they built the original version of Disneyland in less than a year? Granted, it wasn't, you know, complete with all the lands, but still. >> Was it like 9 months once they got the land leveled off? >> We are currently open for further traffic. Please remember all doors. stand your magic. >> It's okay. He can just cuz they're going to have to do a rider swap anyway. >> Oh yeah. If you haven't seen Disneyland Handcrafted, it's really, really good. It's free on YouTube on the Disney Parks channel. on YouTube. You can literally just search Disneyland Handcrafted, two words, and it'll come up. Is free to watch. It's also on Disney Plus. >> Be the same on both platforms, though, I think. >> Yeah, Robert, I want to ride the Shanghai Pirates, too. >> Looks awesome. >> Did they miss the train? Did they miss the train? >> Yeah. >> How are they going to get here? >> The train there. So the trains run right after another. They're just going to go on the next train. They'll be here in a couple minutes. >> They're getting on now. She said >> we are currently holding for further traffic clearance. Please remember to stay clear of all automatic doors. >> Just over a year. >> Oh, so right around a year. July 16th, 21st and July 17th. Wow. That is literally about right out of here. How fun. >> Good for them. You read that you're from Canada. >> That's your brother, right? >> The moon reflecting the water is so cool. >> Yeah, it's a great place to uh be stopped for traffic. Yeah, my family. >> See the boats coming in and out there. >> Well, maybe you should. >> I like I hit the like button there, but there should really be an I needed this tonight button or I really needed this tonight button. I love that. It's so fun. All right, just sit down there. >> Not everybody's going with us. >> Like my mom my mom 75% of >> like is it different? >> You know, like if I'm out in the sun, like >> while you're at it, >> I'm glad we know that. >> I know. >> So funny. random stuff for Montreals. >> Although he hands, he doesn't burn, guys. Just so you know. You're like, "Go do it." >> Why not? I mean, we're in the sky. in the sky. >> Barth, >> you guys are funny. Kill me. >> Overheard. We should do a whole like um show about overheard on >> Montreal. >> We're not >> What? We're not. >> Yeah, we're not. I really can one day. >> No, we get down from here and then go right. >> Hey, how are you? See you down there. >> Be great. >> Oh god. him. >> Hudson, be careful, dude, cuz it's it's going to drop. >> You need help out a second. >> No, this way. >> All right. That guy talking about getting a tan, man. That's the best. >> But I'm I'm good though. We are all guilty of that though, aren't we? So, you listen to somebody every once in a while in the park cuz I'm by myself a lot in the parks, you know, doing this or getting ready to do this. And so, I hear over hear a lot of conversations and you hear people have conversations that you're like, "Oh, well, here's the there's the beginning of the show." You hear um people have conversations where it's like, "Oh, I bet nobody else that's hearing that that's listening to that conversation probably wants to hear that." But I've certainly been guilty of that, too. Just saying stuff. I'm like, "Nobody else actually wants to hear this. But they're being nice anyway. Hi. >> Hey. I just wanted to say hi. >> Hi. >> How you doing? >> Good. You came over. I figured you I figured you would. >> You know me too. Good. I wasn't going to, but I said I want I told my wife didn't want to follow me, but I said I got to go say hi to you. >> I'm glad you did. I'm glad you did. I'm I'm walking to see the parade here. Are you coming in? >> I know. But anyways, we can take a quick Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Self. I'm sorry. Slow. >> No, you should. >> All right. Thank Thanks, John. That's cool. Anyways, yeah, it's good to see you. >> Oh, you too? Yeah. So, you're not going in? >> No. No. My wife's at Grand Flurry. We're watching We're listening to Wes. >> Okay. >> We're listening to Wes, but I figured, you know, I was kind of getting bored, so I wanted to say hi to you. >> Well, say everybody say hi to John. >> Oh, hi. Shout out to especially Lesie. I promised her a shout out. And hey, Amy and um Bit Ritz. >> They're all great people. >> Yeah, great people. >> All right, man. Josh, I'll let you go, but it's great to see you. >> You, too. >> All right. All right. Talk to you later. Yeah, you too. Tell your wife hi. >> All right, guys. >> Give me just a second. Let's see if we can get to the parade here cuz that that's tranquil. I think >> I know, right? >> Hello. >> All right, here we go. I saw lots of sun. >> Yeah, that moon is really nice tonight. Very nice. Okay, let's see if we can see it. I hear it. Perfect timing. >> We may not get a good spot, but you know what? We're here. I'm guessing you can't stand here. Let's see. They've got this clear >> crosswalk here. Let's go over here. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Good evening, dear friends. Come with me on a magical journey kissed by starlight. by virtue of starlight and all that is good. May each and every one of your dreams come true. Are you do as dreamers do and wish upon a star? I just wish to have a chance to come true. I'm a real woman. Wait, where did you go? >> Well, look at that. I made a wish on a star and the star answered. Wow. One wish made all of this. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I've been having a vision. I see you. I see you. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. music. I guess that we can do anything. Tonight is all about battle. Heat. Heat. Hey, hey, hey, hey. You know Heat. Heat. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Right. It's just as I always dream. Neverland. Here we go. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Just like us. >> It's a dream to be up here among the stars. >> It's a wish come true. Oh my seen anything so wonderful. The magical star is all around us. Gosh, you never seen a star like this. >> Oh, it's so magical. Heat. Heat. So fun. >> All right, there you have it. The Disney Starlight Parade. Absolutely love it. Yeah, all the Main Street Electrical Parade throwbacks are awesome. >> So, >> let's see. >> All right. >> I think Brad, I think this is a worthy parade to stop and watch, too. Honestly, I think we all have I'm not saying it's better than Spectro, but I think it is. I think it I think it deserves to be in the conversation. I don't think I don't think it's you know it's hard to achieve better than that but I think it deserves recognition as a good parade and I think people the more they see it will fall in love with it more and more if you allow yourself to Spectro is my all-time favorite parade so I would never say anything bad about that and certainly it'll always be on my number one I like Spectrum more than Main street electrical. But I think this one's such a great mix of everything that if people give it a chance, I think it's pretty awesome. Is it as long? No. But it's got a lot of cool stuff in it. >> And I think the music is really nice. I think it's capable of producing great memories in the park, just like the other parades. See, I like the soundtrack again. Is it as good as the others? No. But if you have a mindset that you're not going to like anything except the original, then you're never going to be happy. That's the problem is that they're not going to bring Spectro back. So, it's good to be open to enjoying stuff. But I think a lot of people with the nostalgia like I'm lucky that I'm here so much because I have the nostalgia too and I do get frustrated when they change things like the Rivers and Tom Sawyer and all that stuff of course was pretty vocal about that. But I think still going to try and be open-minded to enjoying uh Piston Peak, you know, and I think we have to I have the benefit of coming to see this several times. Um, and just allow myself to enjoy it and understand that I'm not going to get Spectro Magic back, even though I'd love to see that. Like, if I had a choice, you know, Disney like, "Hey, we're either going to make a new parade or remake Spectro." Like, all day long be like, "Yeah, remake Spectro, please." All day long, I would do that. But knowing that that's not going to happen, >> it's good to at least appreciate what they created here. And the fact that we've been asking for a nighttime parade for 10 years and they finally gave us one. And again, if it was bad, I would be the first one. But yeah. Oh, look at this. Look at that. The moon right there. Yeah, seeing it in person of course has more impact. The screen is a, you know, it's a substitute, but it's good for when you can't be there. >> Hi, saw like just the other day at um your tour. >> Oh, nice. >> We ran up to you right as it was raining. I see you all the time. >> Oh, I'm glad to see you. >> Yeah. >> You don't always want to interrupt. No, you're fine. >> Anyways, have a good night. >> What's your name? >> Rob. >> Nice to meet you, Rob. >> You'll see me around. >> Okay. >> Nice. Enjoy. >> Yeah. So, I think I don't know. I think it's good to continue to give it a chance. And you have to give it a chance in person because it it really like the stream is great but it really it really pulls you into the magic in person and it does a great job. You know the speakers are nice and loud and you know you may have great speakers in your house but speakers are nice and loud and the floats are great and the excitement of the crowd and it it just pulls you in. So I think you got to give it a chance at least for that. And then you can choose not to like it. But again, we don't gain anything by not liking stuff. You know what I mean? So, I'm not saying force yourself to like stuff that's not good, but I think this is objectively good. And, you know, again, not better, but I think it's good. All right. Hey Debbie. >> So UI Kle4, we just have completely different opinions. It's so funny. So, I like the music. You don't. And then you think the Piston Peak fits in Frontier Land. I don't I think it's going to fit, but I think it's forced, but we'll see. I haven't seen it yet. I think the idea of it is forced, but I'll try and stay open to it. I just think that based on what was there before, it's it's it's rough, but like I said, that's why they make that's, you know, they clearly I wasn't their target demographic, so that's all good. >> Hello. How many? >> Uh, one. I just think that Frontier Land was so beautiful the way it was. >> And there could have like had overlays for Tom Sawer Island to make it something else. That would have been fine. >> Like I said, whoever had the idea on the stream of making it Neverland Island, that would have been brilliant to make it Neverland. Oh, hey Rob. Nice to meet you again. >> Yeah, the music's always more immersive in person. It is >> for your safety. Remain seated at all times. >> Yes, I agree. The in between part needs a little work. >> And they need to add some more smaller little floats. >> So hopefully they do. >> Enjoy your journey. This is the TTA blue line. Non-stop service around tomorrow. >> Greetings, intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. I45, your guide aboard this highway in the sky. Absolute best way to see Tomorrowland. And my stars, is there ever lots to see? Spacecraft and monster labs. There's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland. For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not take flight. Thank you. The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Trader Transfer to Green and Red Lines. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future right by two of my favorite spots. First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot and a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World? Look, there's even a tiny people mover. I wonder if that means there's a tiny borax. On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy, except actual stars. Those are no longer sold. >> Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Life Cycle Rock. I love a good circuit. And these are two of the best tracks in the cosmos for a bit of light, speedy competition. Attention all vis. Please keep forwards clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. This is Starboard 75 or as we always call it space. Our high speed rocket to test deep space destinations. Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The coral moons of Icy7. You H2 owe it to yourself. Vote today. Wow. Heat. Yeah. Heat. paging Mr. Marorrow. Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Attention all visitors to Galaxy M31. Please keep clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. >> As usual, we'll keep moving ahead and so does the Carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big beautiful tomorrow. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. The first time I First time the most possible person. about 5 years. Take the time to see this show. This is the GTA blue line stop service around caution. and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. >> Please keep arms and titty and upper appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step onto the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Please keep arms and ticket and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step by >> All right. Thank you. Sorry about the lag there. Um I forgot there's a little issue with 5G there where it doesn't hand off very well when you go around the corner. It's better if I have it off of 5G. Oh well, it's fine. All right. Hey, Edwin says, "Tomorrow on Adventure Land, try for my favorites." Nice. Yeah, those are both great ones. I speaking of which, I think I'm going to head for Pirates because it shows 5 minutes right now. We'll see if it's actually still 5 minutes or not. We shall see. So, >> okay. >> How far do I live from Disney? About 20 to 30 minutes. So, not too bad. >> Depending on which part of Disney we're going to. Hello. >> How are you? >> Uncle Orville. >> Nice to meet you. >> And this, of course, would be Aunt Orville. >> Aunt Orville. Aunt and Uncle Orville. I love it. >> You guys okay being on the stream? >> Yeah, absolutely. been watching for a long, long time. >> That's awesome. Well, great names. Oh, here. Yeah, we got a picture. >> Yeah. So, we're from Columbus, but this is our 25th trip since 25th day since uh Thanksgiving. >> Oh, wow. >> So, we found a way to get back and forth really cheap. >> Nice. >> From Columbus, Ohio. >> Yeah. >> Nice. >> $15 each way on an airplane. Don't ask. It's complicated. >> Okay. That sound that >> And we befriended a guy that has a hotel three and a half miles from your license paid for $60 a night. So, >> Okay. You sound like you have you you you are winning life right now. >> I think you're right. I can't I can't move here for that. It's cheaper. >> No, actually I think you probably are cheaper than it is for me to live here, >> right? >> Especially considering the difference in um house and apartment payment from Indiana to here. >> So you need to keep the weather like this all the time. >> Anyway, we'll work on it. Yeah. >> Oh, for sure. >> Pretty enjoyable. >> That's awesome. >> So now now my now my Oh, here. Let's Let's take a good selfie here. I'll stand still. I'm moving. I'll stand still. >> Somehow I'm being gripped by >> Oh, yeah. It comes from everywhere around here. >> Have you noticed that? You probably have >> especially over towards like Haunted Mansion. When the fireworks are gone, there's sprinklers on top of the buildings. That's the reason why there's water. >> Yep. And all through Fantasy Land, too, because they've got all those shells that go around the castle, so everything has to be wet. But I'll leave you with this and you probably know this as well, but the the last run of one mansion every night they take all the cast member put like five of them in the room with you in the stretching room. When the lights go out, when they come back on, they're in everyone's faces in the room. >> Okay, that's I've not seen that before. That's hilarious. >> I love that so much. >> Now, I'm super curious about the $15 flight, but you'll leave me to wonder. Frontier and there's a way you buy a pass for $349. >> I've seen that. Okay. >> Non-stop in Columbus. It's worked out every time for us. >> How awesome. So, it's kind of like >> it's like a standby, but you've been You've had good luck with it. >> You're just filling in the empty seats. >> Hey, that's good. >> We We got the guy at the We got the hotel hooked up, so we call him the last minute. Whether he's got rooms or not, he makes >> you guys need to be writing travel books. All right, let's see. See you. >> How fun. Yeah, I've seen that Frontier thing. It's kind of like an annual pass, but it's like, yeah, you do fly on standby, you fill in empty seats. So, it is theoretically possible that you show up and somebody pays full price for your seat, and of course, they're going to let them do that. But, um, if you're flexible with your travel times, you can you can hang out and wait for the next one. Be worth it for a $15 flight. You I mean, you can't you can't drive here for that, obviously. There's literally no other way to travel here from Ohio for $15. That's crazy. Teleportation not a thing yet. So, I see what kind of flight the Muppets in to for $15 where they were hanging on to the wings. Was that Alaska Air or something? Letters to Santa. That's such a great great um such a great movie. Look what they're doing over there. Yeah, we always love that one. Liam loves watching that one. We watch that every year. >> I can't give you a Castle Paint update because uh you know it's dark. I um it is nice to be able to come over here on Tranquil Tuesday though. I do miss the Liberty Bell being a Tranquil Tuesday highlight attraction, but you know, >> so I have I have an idea for tonight. I was trying to decide what I was going to do for fireworks. Obviously, I could I could head back to uh Epcot and watch Luminous, which would be fine, but I thought, what if we what if we uh what if we take the best of both worlds? Well, not it wouldn't be the best of both worlds, but what if we take the best of of one world, what if we um so that I don't have to stay here super late because of my having to teach tomorrow early, what if we get on the boat and uh watch from the ferry boat? What do you think, guys? What if we watch Happily Ever After from the ferry boat? Then after I then I can take the Montreal back to Epcot and then I'll uh and then I'll say good night from there. That way you guys still get to ride the Montreal back with me. You still get to ride the Montreal around Epcot and then we still get to I'll say good night to you when we get back to Epcot. I won't be able to get back in since it'll be past 9. But I think that's the move cuz otherwise I'll have to leave like now. So let's do that. We'll watch fireworks from the uh ferry boat. We'll finish. We can and once we get over there, they won't let us stay on the ferry boat. So, we'll we'll uh we'll get off and we'll watch from the TTC by the uh by the fence there and we'll watch the end of the show from the fence and then after that I'll take the Montreal to Epcot and you guys can come with me the whole time. That's the plan. >> Okay. You guys are liking that idea. Excuse me. You're good. >> We've done seven $15 flights. Wow. >> Hi. >> Can I say hi? >> Of course. >> Hi, Josh. >> Hi. >> I just want to say how much I really enjoy both you and Jenner on the live stream. Thank you. Appreciate that. >> Can I say hi to my family back? >> My daughter's actually watching with my granddaughter. >> Awesome. >> Hi, Hannah. >> Hi, Nicole and Jojo. >> All right. Well, thank you. >> That's awesome. What was your name? >> Jim. >> Jim. Nice to meet you, Jim. >> Rhode Island. >> Rhode Island. Very cool. >> I appreciate it. >> You guys You guys thought out yet? >> Not really. >> Well, enjoy it. >> 38 in last week. >> I know. Rhode Island got hit the hardest. So, >> yeah, we got slammed. >> Hopefully, this weather's coming up there soon. >> It'll come soon. Yeah. Yeah, we're getting we're getting into March. The the the winter uh Jack Frost has to go back home. >> Exactly. It sounds good to me. >> All right. Well, hey, it's good to meet you. Yes. Watch behind you. >> Got it. >> See you. >> Byebye. >> Bye. >> I was I was worried when somebody's talking to me if they step back there scooters driving behind them and I know that they're about to step back and walk away. I was worried. I'm like, "No, don't get a scooter. I'll feel so bad. Like, >> but I'm glad that he glad that he didn't. Most of the time they don't. I'm just paranoid. >> I've gotten hit by scooters so many times. Actually, not for a while, though. Most people are pretty good driving the scooters. I will say that, too. Most people are really good good scooter drivers, but it's just every once in a while somebody will Sometimes it's not even anybody's fault. Sometimes it'll just be like, you know, bad uh traffic situation and they end up, you know, kind of having a little accident. That's the best plan. My favorite transportation mode. Nice. You do best for you. I will do that. Uh the spring rolls are I think only certain hours. I think they run out of them at some point. I don't know exactly the timings, though, cuz I don't normally buy those. Uh even though I know they're I've heard they're really really good. So, we found the crowd. >> All right. Now, >> let's head back over to uh Pirates. All right, I'm going to switch quickly to uh my connection for pirates. So, stay tuned. We'll be right back. Oh, wait. Uh Joanne said you can confirm the flights the day before. A lot of times they're confirmed. You can book it and pay. Oh, really? So, they will actually allow you to book and pay. If it's not that much standby, it's not like where you're actually sitting around at the gate waiting to see if you get to get on. Like you can confirm the day before. That's cool. So, if you are flexible with your travel dates, how fun. I mean, that would literally make a weekend trip possible. Although, flying back might be a problem, too. Getting back might be an issue. Now, if you have a $60 hotel, that would be cheap. Anyway, all right. That's pretty cool. Thanks, Joanne, for that information. All right, I'll be right back. Heat. Heat. Oh, you Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Welcome back. >> I fly from Portland to SLC and taking two flights, $31. A station adventure every time. I get rides from mom and roommates and Ubers to and from the airports. How fun. >> Good deal. Beacon Barrel's busy. Hello. >> Wow. They are a little backed up over here. It's not for the ride. You'd think that was the big big uh crowd for the ride, but it is not. All right. I love walk-on pirates. Makes me happy. Hello. Yes. It's not quite a walk-on, but it is definitely a short weight. >> Thank you. You don't get to see the chess game very often here. Let's see if we can see. >> You can't really see it from here. >> Yeah. >> You almost got to go through Lightning Lane to see it. >> I don't want to lose my phone down there. >> Chess game that's in a stalemate. >> That's right. Life is good when you have walk-on pirates. true story. And don't forget to subscribe if you're new. Enjoy the stream, everybody. >> We also have a couple other awesome sponsors. David's DVC Rentals. dbcrequest.com/tv. That's David's DVC Rentals. DBCrequest.com/tv. If you want to book your next DVC room for a fraction of the cost, davidsdvc rentals, dbcrequest.com/tv. together, right? >> They would have to not go on that road. >> There's no way we'd be able to do it. >> And the fire, >> I don't think you realize how much happiness you bring to us. Oh, thanks, Nancy. It's my pleasure. >> So, yeah, definitely go check it out. David's DVC Rentals, dbcrequests.com/tv. can rent a DVC room for a fraction of the cost. >> Even if you're not a member, it's a great way to check it out. Try before you buy. basketball. She's got those. >> You know what? >> The other day I use my toes. >> You pick up on the floor and put it in the trash. >> Oh, the kitchen. just so heavy heavy. I assure you I'm using a uh Galaxy S24 Ultra. >> It does pretty well under the low light. Yes, it really does. It's amazing. Since we started streaming, I used an iPhone 6S. That's how long ago I started streaming. An iPhone 6S was my first streaming phone. And then uh that thing had a horrible low light. And then uh this thing is just light years ahead of that. >> I actually kind of wish I kept it. It would be fun to just It would be fun to buy a 6S for like 50 bucks or something and just like show the difference. >> It's amazing how much technology how far it's come. The sensor is like double the size. Yeah, I'm using a gimbal. Only watched a video filmed on a 6S before. Yeah, I mean in the daylight they weren't bad, but at at night it's pretty rough. They people used to not be able to see anything. No nighttime streams. We actually had people complain. They were like uh on Fridays. We just used to do Fridays. They're like, "Why can't you start earlier?" Like in the winter, "Why can't you start earlier so we can see?" I was like, "Cuz I work. I can't get off work until 4." Yeah, it was funny because the low light was so bad. >> I still have your 6S. That's awesome. I'm pretty sure. Yeah, I don't have any of my old iPhones except for the 3G. I kept the 3G. Are you okay? >> If the iPhone will ever get to Samsung picture quality. Um, you know, for regular stuff, the iPhone and the Samsung are pretty comparable. iPhone's better in some things. Samsung's better in some things. Uh, Samsung's better for streaming, for sure, cuz the cellular stuff is way better on Samsung. Also, heat management is way better on Samsung. This phone stays way cooler. That's why nobody streams on an iPhone. >> They're not really made for streaming. Oh, good luck, Mr. Master. >> Still have your 3G. Mine still works. I mean, it doesn't do anything. Can barely load websites on it. There was some big security update at some point that necessitates uh there's a security protocol that the new one doesn't have, that the old one doesn't have that that makes you not able to view any websites at all. How many? >> One. Can I ask for the six, bro? >> I can get a good view. >> Yeah, SAR's easy to stream. They used to not allow any phones on it and now they do. So, yeah, SAR's easy. Used to be you'd have to do like a GoPro or something because that, you know, but yeah, luckily no big deal. >> Please don't put my name on the chat. Jason, I think you you put your own name on the chat. You did that by posting a message. Uh Joshua, congrats on 12 months of dropper bronze. I love this Disney community. Josh and Jenn are the best friends I could ever ask for. My stuffed animal horses love watching. That's awesome, Joshua. Very cool. Well, thank you for watching and I'm glad your stuffed animal horses like watching it. I am glad that they enjoy the stream. They have good taste. >> All right, crew. For your safety, remain seated keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the boat and watch your children and no flash pictures. Prepare to make sail. foreign. >> Oh yeah. Got you. I remember Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. color. Surrender Captain for my will burn the city to the ground. persuasion. fire. I know she won't fight alone. Everyone in England wants the real you scurvy skull. Do I hear 10? A h for a 10. >> Here I to see the local tax. Tell me what got the guns. Keep still in the treasure before. I don't Everything. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Remy I Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. I will dance shine. Heat. Heat. Please gather all your step. All right, I hope you enjoyed Pirates. That was awesome. >> We're going to head out of the park where we're going to watch Happily Ever After >> from the ferry boat. That way, I'm able to get home at a decent time cuz otherwise you really have to wait. I'm going to try and leave after fireworks around here. It's a rough go. All right, but yeah, let's uh so let's start heading out. We've got about 10 minutes to fireworks, so we do have time to get out before it starts. So, that moon is cool. You're supposed to bounce on the walkway. Sorry, I don't usually. Okay. >> Hey Amara, how are you? We had a great baseball game on I was thinking of Emara and all his sports sports work. We had a we enjoyed a baseball game. Detroit Tigers played uh the Blue Jays which was cool. Ended up being a tie. Obviously spring training so none of the records count for anything but yeah it was a Tigers versus Blue Jays. And it was really cool. my first major league game that I'd ever been to with uh with the Canadian team playing. So, we got to hear O Canada first and then uh Stra Bangle Banner, which was really cool. So, I thought it was neat. I mean, obviously that's what happens like you know, obviously you want to honor both countries, but I just had never been there for that before and that was just a really cool experience. Hey, Isaac. The Blue Jays were really good. >> Sunday against my Jays. I am well. Just cold from being in the arena all day. I bet. Yeah, for sure. Yep. Oh, Blue Jays played well. Uh the Tigers got some good pitching going in the last couple innings and um started to shut the Blue Jays hitters down a little bit, but then it ended up as a tie because then in the last inning the Tigers couldn't get anything done. The Blue Jays shut them down, so it ended up being a tie, which uh I realized from last past spring training games, if it's bottom of the ninth and it's tied, that's how it stays. There are no extra innings in spring training, which makes sense. They're just trying stuff out anyway. That was fun. Finley keeps asking me when you're going back to skate again, that's funny. Sounds like he's in the in the arena with all the ice right now. So husband and I are moving to New Disney. He's a teacher and I know you are too. Do you know when schools start looking for applications? Um yeah, it's I mean schools are filling vacancies all the way up through the start of school. Especially here in Florida, there's a lot of turnover. But if you're looking for the really good schools, you need to apply as soon as possible. Um and just understand too that like um you may have to take when you first move down, you may have to take a a tougher job at first and then kind of, you know, find your way, so to speak. Um unfortunately, the uh unfortunately the uh public schools are uh some of them are kind of kind of tough down here, but uh they're always looking for people depending on what you guys teach. So, That was the the Jay's D team. I think most are sitting out for the early part of spring, plus some are getting ready for the baseball world baseball classic. Yeah, for sure. For sure. Yeah. I don't know that the Tigers were playing all their guys either. I'm actually a Cubs fan, but I, you know, I love that the Tigers are in in Lakeland where I used to live. So, pretty fun. I showed our friend that incredible little bar at Polynesian. You get set up with strangers and Oh, that's cool. Very cool. I'm glad you got to enjoy that there. Excuse me. Sorry. Glad we got to enjoy that, John. Happily Ever After. In order to fully experience tonight's performance, the lighting around the United Kingdom will be reduced. For your own safety and the bad of others, we ask that you remain in your same location until the lighting returns to normal. Our journey will begin in just a few minutes. Thank you. >> I saw Ron. I was going to say hi to him, but he was talking to somebody. So, if you have Oh, wow. There's plenty of room in here. If you happen to be watching both streams, tell Ron, I said hi, but I didn't want to interrupt his conversation with uh with um his uh his friend there. He might have been meeting a viewer. Okay. I always hate to walk by somebody and not say hi, but never want to interrupt. All right. >> It is so funny how it fills up in the back. I guess I I guess it is again people wanting to get out. And of course, both sides are open, which is nice. VIP viewing on the top there. I'm glad that it's back, but it's nice. Wait, can anybody go up there? Anybody can go up there. Oh, VIP's in the middle. I see. Okay. So, but anybody can go up, right? Is that how it is? I see a rope. They're definitely not stopping you from going up there. >> Okay. I kind of like that. >> We can still do that. >> I don't know. I like I like areas to be accessible to all. I think that's nice. >> Uh, does Liam play any little league baseball? You'd be a good coach. Oh, thanks. No, he's like his mom and dad. Neither one of us are really into sports. I like watching it. I'm just not much of a player. So, I didn't make it through T-ball. Poor dad. I did my best. I was just scared of everything when I was a kid, but I got into music and was good at that. I did do karate, too. Or well, taekwond do. I got through several belts. I really wish I kept going. I was only two belts away from black. I should have kept going, but I got into high school and just stopped. All right. >> Thank you. Uh, let's see. We want ferryboat. So, resort launches this way. Ferry boat this way. All right. Let's see. That's what we did back in December when I saw you. Family Bolton when the show was over and made it to parking back to hotel in about 30 minutes. That works. It works indeed. So, we probably won't uh >> I don't know, unless we're super lucky, we probably won't get on the the boat that actually leaves right when fireworks start. But should be close. We got 2 minutes till fireworks, so we'll see. Either way, we'll we'll get to see something. Oh, that's awesome, Mr. Master. Well, at least you got at least you got a couple belts up there. >> But thank you for saying to be a good coach. I mean, I've been a a teacher, so goes along with coach. And yeah, I could probably coach. I just would need to understand I understand the sports pretty well. I'm just not good at playing. I'm good at motivating. I can motivate kids to do music theory. You can motivate him to do anything. Oh, >> going this way. >> I guess it doesn't matter. >> So, just keep an eye on it. >> Yeah. Just use our bag now. >> This is my final. Wow. >> Welcome. So, take your time and watch your staff. We'll be on our way to transportation center in just a few moments. >> All right, here we go. >> Oh, it should be perfect. >> Thank you. standing on any time. There'll be no smoking order in just a few months. >> All right. Mentor, coach, mentor, coach, teacher, coach, parent, all similar. Yeah. All very similar. All right. Should be okay. You have all the coffee there. Thank you. >> Right there. >> At this time, we ao base and welcome aboard the Apple Joe Fowler. We will be arriving at our destination in just a few moments. On our way, we'll travel one mile across the man-made seven seas, which took almost 3 years to excavate. We do ask that while on board the stairs remain clear while the boat is in motion. Once again, welcome. Oh, no. >> Have you seen What's your name? No, >> they are Relax. >> Oh. That's cool. >> Wa! Look at all the boats that are out here. Say hi. >> Wow. Wow. >> Your dad's funny. Let's take a look. >> Oh, wow. Wow. >> Oh. really put off that >> all the fireplace. We are now approaching our destination and we'll be docking momentarily. For your safety, please stay where you are until we are safely done and the captain has given the all clear. Because this is a free floating, we do have a tendency to bounce around a bit. If you are standing or sitting on the stairs, we ask that you please clear the stairway. Everyone else, please remain where you are until we've completed our documents. Once again, please clear the stairways. You'll be given all clear when it is safe to travel the stairs and goshore. This is Come on. Come on. My boyfriend. So we got it. Hello. quite moment. Please gather all your personal belongings. Take small children. Those on the upper deck, please use the hands over. >> Please take your time, flip down, and watch yourself as you continue. >> Unfortunately, this boat does have to return back to the Magic Kingdom empty. But if you'd like to continue watching fireworks, if you head down our gateway and head to the left, there's an exceptional viewing area where you can also listen to the music along with the show. >> There we go. All right, we'll be right there. Thank you. Happy birthday. >> Welcome to the transportation and ticket center, friends. Take your time. Look at and watch your step as you walk across our gang way. Up the hill to the left says Scott Montreal. Up the hill straight across the bus is going to be Uber ride share pickup and third party resort shuttle pickup. And finally up the hill to the right is both heroes and lunch champs. Back to parking. On behalf of myself and the rest of the crew of the fowler, thank you so much for us today. We hope you had a magical evening. All right, here we go. No, it's going to be good. that night. >> How come that can't act? distinct, >> you know. >> Yeah. The moon. The moon. What's >> something? That's one to the front. Look at mom. They have >> no shirt and >> I don't know. I know. I will say I And I think they're >> I mean there And you do get >> it's probably >> there's a finale. I knew we were Oh, it is. Yeah. But if I come here, Okay. Thank you. Oh, I like the sparkles. >> It looks like glitter. A rainbow. >> Okay, >> you better go. hours. >> Oh, look. Oh yeah, there is a little guy coming down. Actually, a week ago, >> that's pretty bad. Oh yeah, that's probably mine and my children. >> All right. All right. >> That's actually a really fun. >> Yeah, that's a very cool view. >> Okay, >> hope you guys enjoyed that. It's just something different, you know, and also it gets me home a little earlier, so it's a win-win for everybody. It's a cool view and it gets me home a little earlier. >> Okay. >> All right. Now, I got to plug in. We're going to head back to Epcot. And actually, um, I want to uh take you guys along for the ride and then we'll end at Epcot. So, that'll be pretty awesome. So, Tranquil Park Hopping. Who'd have known, right? All right. Hold on just a second. Let me got to plug in the battery. We're getting a little low on battery power here. There we go. Now we're cooking. All right. Learned my lesson from that one stream a few weeks ago, the campground thing that it got so cold and then it just died. It's not cold now, but like, you know, I just I try and plug in like every uh I try and plug in uh immediately when it gets below 20%. So, that's uh that's kind of my new it's my new rule. Oh, there's the first big the first big surge of people. Oh, there's an Epcot Montreal. I'd love to uh love to get on that. >> I wonder if I can do it. Oh, they just got off. Okay, hold on. Let me see if I can get on. I probably can't, but maybe if I hustle hustle. Oh, good. I think I made it. I think I made it. Okay, sweet. >> All right, cool. Let's see. Memorial coral. Here we are. We made it. Hustle on tranquil day. You guys get one more Montreal ride. Getting tired of watching you hustle. My dash ability. Yeah. It's on my Pokemon card. It's fine. You can smell where I'm at. It's funny. Doesn't smell too bad right now. All right, Dr. Dad watching. Hey, thanks. >> Well, that was perfect. Perfect timing. Everybody welcome aboard Mon. Our next stop is going to be Epcot. So if any of my friends here standing on those silver hands and never also for the safety or knees from those silver hands as well. Please maintain your feet on the ground at all time. Thank you so much for joining us. >> Resort TV one car plus one Montreal travels escape from battle instantly. Exactly. Escape from fireworks chaos. They're doing the 40th at Epcot. No, they stopped doing it unfortunately after um after fireworks. I wish. But no, for some reason they cut it off. Oops. Focus. There we go. Good hustle. Thanks. >> Hey, Logan. Yeah. Never. That's right. phone camera. >> Ken and I are working on getting the infinity focus fixed, but right now it doesn't work properly. >> Is it true you can catch a firework? If you catch a firework, you get an ankle pass. You probably get hand surgery. If you catch a firework, you're gonna get hand surgery. That's what you get. You get You get uh a free trip to the not a free, sorry. You get a uh you pay yourself trip to the emergency room. My phone hand gets super tired. More my elbows. I have I have streamer's elbow pretty bad. Hey, artist studio. That's fun. Yeah, for sure. Hello, Patrick. Yeah, you get nothing but regret. That's right. >> There are definitely no free trips to the ER around here. Streamer's elbow only exists with the non- streamers. Yeah, it's like tennis elbow, but I don't play tennis, so you know. Hard to believe just a few years ago all those exit ramps didn't exist. It was just roads. Yeah, if you can dream at the Montreal loop through caught at night, it's awesome. I can't wait to show you that. There's Magic Kingdom parking. Oh, and another Montreal. I always love the Magic Kingdom parking gate. Don't get to show it on the stream that much. >> After this, I'm going to send you over to the 247 channel. We've got our 247 live streams on there. I've got some new night ones that I filmed at Hollywood Studios, so those will go up pretty soon. I'm going to be adding to the 24-hour uh channels all the time, >> but uh I want to get the ride one up first. >> Yeah, I've got Montreal night's great. >> Since there's nobody else in the vehicle besides up some people across from me in the other car, I'll try and show both sides. Oh, thanks, Mr. Master. I think I'm good for now, but thank you. We don't go to Coronado that that often, but that's nice of you for sure. >> Problem is, when the Montreal bounces around on the track, >> the gimbal can't stay consistent against the window. That's why it loses focus based on the reflections. If we were staying at Beach Club and on the Montreal with you, as long as we have park pass, would they still be able to walk through Epcot? I that I don't know. I think it depends on the cast members. Sometimes they will let you. If it's pretty close after closing, they might let you if you have a pass because the rides are closed, right? So, you're going to have to exit anyway. Um, if it's too late, they might walk you through. Sometimes they'll just get you transportation. They will. Disney's great about getting you where you need to go. If you need to get somewhere, they'll get you there for sure. They don't want people hanging around after hours anyway. So, they will get you there, but it just might take might uh take it a roundabout way. Let me see if I can stand up and get a better view. Yeah, not really. That's it. There it is. Kind of hard to see. Yes, reflections of Montreal for sure. >> At least glad they connected these two parks. I know the Montreal is insanely expensive to expand, but man, it would be cool to have a Hollywood Studios one just since this is the closest. But I guess we did get the Skyliner. There goes the tram. Monreal platform. Here comes Spaceship Earth. Of course, Luminous is over, too. There's guardians >> over here. >> Connections. Oh, there's Mater and and Light in Green there. How fun. >> Test track in Mission Space. Katie Youngerations. So pretty. Here's Moana. Oh, I don't know if the boulder is back at Indiana Jones yet. I don't think so. I think they were going to do an extended reverb and make sure there is absolutely no way that it could, you know, get out like that again. Could go rogue again. I don't want anybody getting hurt. Lucky, you know that the cast member was okay. Like, yeah, he got injured, but at least he he was going to make a full recovery. So, that's the most important thing. >> Oh, thank you so much, Tel John. It was great to see you. >> All right. See you, Mr. Master. Back on the mic, >> doing the job. All right, off we go. >> Thank you. >> Okay. Oh, sorry. Tugging on the cord. Making it making it to jump. >> Yeah, they'd have to test it a few times. For sure. For sure. But I think that they're going to figure out some way to put in another safety mechanism to make sure there's no way that it could do that again. I'm actually surprised that it did it in the first place. But also, I'm wondering if there's a way to check some, you know, check it out and see um or I'm just wondering if there's a way to investigate why it happened. That's, you know, I think that's what they want to know. So, I'm sure they did design it so it wouldn't come out. So, why did it? I think this is going to be a great place to end it right here. Let me go down just a little bit. All right. Well, thank you for joining me. I love this. This is um above security, but used to be the tram loading area. So, thank you for joining me tonight. A really great stream. A lot of fun. We're going to send you over to the 247, but also um I want to talk about a few more awesome sponsors really quickly. Um we have, let's see, Davidbc Rentals, dbcrequest.com/tv. I already said that one. We have Behind the Ride on Amazon. If you want to find out how all your favorite rides were created, just go check out Behind the Ride on Amazon. We have I wonder if my lens is dirty if that's why it keeps having trouble focusing. There we go. We have Behind the Ride on Amazon. We also have uh Disney Demystified on Amazon. Go check them out. We have Layer 1 Technology. If you want um IT support for your small or medium business here in Central Florida, just go check out uh Layer 1 Technology at supportlayer onetone technology.com. We also have Dream Table, an app that will help you get the the hardest to find reservations at all of the um the Disney parks and resorts and everything. So, it that is um Dreamtable. Go check it out on the app store. Dreamtable or dreamtable.co. Again, dreamtable.co or dreamtable on the app store. Uh what else do we have? I think that's it. We have platinum members, people that support us with um $50 a month. We appreciate it. There's also a rock and roller coaster video to watch. If you get a chance to do that, that would be really appreciated. I made a uh made a rock and roller coaster video that's really really very detailed. So, go check that out. Uh we also have um platinum members here. So, let me do this real quick. We'll thank all of our platinum members. Grey Rose Adventures, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Tiffany Mertz, Love, Go Mini, Dian 515, Jack Sparrow, Cersei, Mickey, My Crazy Grunup Life, uh Chuck Paulie, the amazing Jayla Moxley, Cander, Danny, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali, Verismo, and Alan J. Thank you so much everybody for being here tonight and we'll see you on hopefully Friday Night Live. I'm not sure about Friday Night Live though, so I may have to go do something at school. We'll kind of see how it goes. So either way, uh at least Jen will be live and Jenn will be live at Flower and Garden here tomorrow, guys. Guys, we'll see you over on the 24/7 channel. And look out for the ride stream. It's coming. There's like 80 rides in there already. It's going to be even more by the time it goes live. So, it's going to be super awesome. Oh, my face hurts from smiling so much. Oh, thank you so much, Heather. That's awesome. If you can dream it, love it so much. Hey, Wendy. Enjoyed following along tonight. Thanks, Josh. Thanks to all the mods. Thanks, everybody. You guys are great. I really appreciate you. There's my Epcot shirt that all the cast members liked a minute ago. Look, wait, that's kind of cool. Look at that. There we go. It's bishop. Now, if the fireworks were going off, that'd be like totally cool. But either way, I think this is a great place to leave it. And uh we will see you guys over on the 24/7. So, everybody go over there, enjoy the 24/7. There's been more people watching the 24/7 than ever. It makes me so happy. Thank you for doing that. It's it's been a labor of love uh keeping that going. And uh it's not it's not always easy because, you know, our internet provider goes up and down and whatever else, but we're going to keep it going no matter what. So, thank you so much for uh all of your amazing amazing support and we'll see you very very soon. All right, everybody. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. Good thing I hope 4. Oh, and thank you so much to our moppers. You guys are awesome. Uh, moppers, if you could please post a link to the 247 for our new people. All right, have a good night, everybody. Come on.
