---
video_id: EhHJwOsoOsk
channel: ResortTV1
title: "The BEST Shortcut to Beat the Crowds After Fireworks at Magic Kingdom"
published: 2026-02-05
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EhHJwOsoOsk
---
Heat. Heat. Magic Kingdom crowds can be crazy after the fireworks, but here's a shortcut to get you back to the rides as quickly as possible. Check this out. We're glad you're here either way, but we are going to definitely uh go ride people mover and then we'll go over and ride Tiana's Bayou. The reason we do People Mover first after fireworks a lot is because it's very easy to get there um without dealing with the crowds in the hub. So, that's what we do. Yeah. Subscribe if you're new and be sure to uh hit the like if you haven't already. Haven't seen that show in a while. Well, I'm glad we got to show it to you. I love this exit music, too. So the exit music is like the whole the whole song, all the verses, whereas they don't do all the verses in the in the show, which is cool to hear the whole thing like this. See if we can maneuver our way through. Heat. Heat. lined up for the dessert party over there. Isaac always does a great job on the lyrics. That's a tradition. They always have Isaac doing that. Hello Sean. >> Yeah, exactly Sean if if it fascinates me too. People always just want to leave right after. Who knows? It's kind of like sometimes at Fantasmic people will get in this rush to leave and they'll leave even before like the best the best part is the last scene with the river boat and everything and and all the you know all the pyro and everything that happens at the end and Mickey and everything was so cool at the end of Fantasmic and the music and they'll leave. Now last night it was a full house and nobody left or at least that I could see. So that was fun. Yeah, it's always good when people stay and definitely I don't necessarily mind that so many people leave though because it means uh less people in the park for us. Have people running probably trying to get to Tron. I doubt they're running for people mover. Look at them go. Look at him go. It's the Tron 500. It's like the Indy500 except for not in Indianapolis and not at a raceway. But other than that, it's just like the Indy500 again. Thanks for joining us. Subscribe if you're new and uh let's go enjoy some people mover and then we'll see how many other rides we can get done before 10:00 when the park closes. Well, there you have it. That's the best way to get from the Magic Kingdom fireworks all the way to the rides in Tomorrowland and beyond with as little crowd disturbance as possible. As you could see, all you have to do is go through the Main Street shops on the left side, go through the bypass behind Main Street on the right hand side, through Tomorrowland Terrace, and on into Tomorrowland or all points beyond. That's the best way to get through it, and it will definitely save you a lot of time and frustration. Thanks for watching everybody. We'll see you in the next video. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye.
