---
video_id: x7I7EH_pLjU
channel: ResortTV1
title: "Cinderella Castle Painting Update for this Week!"
published: 2026-03-05
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7I7EH_pLjU
---
soundscape. It's also in stereo. All right. Well, we will begin our Cinderella Castle painting update right here, of course, with the basically completely dry moat around Cinderella Castle and through the Magic Kingdom. Here it is very, very dry. And you can kind of see just peeking through the trees there, the castle with two different colors on it there. And of course, in order to facilitate that, they also had to have this part dry over here. I always think it's interesting the two different colors of paint. based on where the water was. It's like when they painted the rocks the first time, they just painted down to the water and or maybe the water wore off some of the paint. I have no idea. But either way, that is definitely dry. You can even see they've got a pump over there. So, let's head over this way. We'll go around the castle as close as we can get to it. And uh check out what type of progress they've made so far. Sun's starting to come out. It's a beautiful day. Oh, the bus is still running. Look at that. And the hub here is not too crowded. I'm glad they have the main street vehicles open longer hours. I think that's great. There's a good shot. Let me zoom in here. Yeah. So, you can see the front is still mostly of the pinkish color with the exception of just right around the uh window there on the front is kind of grayish color with the trim. So, that's a little bit of an update there. So, they may may not have done as much this week. Let's go around this side and see what's going on over here. Oh boy, the uh burgers at Sunny Eclipse Cosmic Rays smell really good. I'll just I'll just call Sunny Eclipse's restaurant Cosmic Ray. He he doesn't get to own the restaurant anymore. I'm not. >> All right. Here, let me go this way. Say hi to Cinderella. >> So, there you go. So now you can kind of see very similar to what we had before with the uh change over of color right in the middle, but it looks like it's kind of come around to the front just a little bit right below the middle row of towers there. Turrets. So it's definitely definitely been worked on. Definitely have still been painting it little by little as they go along. Yeah. >> Still weird to see the waterfalls dry here. >> Oh god. >> All right, let's go around this backside here. Back side of Castle Walkway. Frozen ice. quite a difference. Although I still like the Bing and Gold Castle. I do too. I think we grew to like it. I think we'll grow to like the uh the blue one, blue and gray. And I think the gray again will be brighter than what we see here. >> Somebody asked what my favorite ride was. It's basically uh People Mover, but I also love a lot of the other rides around the park. Tron and of course Guardians. Um that's not in this park, but >> Pirates and Haunted of course are always classic. So, let's come around this way. We can get a better view once we get past the past the crowded walkway here. >> There we go. >> All right. Yeah. And again, it's mostly gray on the back side here, but still pretty sure that's some type of primer coat. I could be wrong cuz I think it'll be a little bit darker gray than that. >> There you go. It's pretty subtle. I mean, there is a difference, but it's it's pretty subtle in a lot of ways. Unless you're really looking at it. It's not something that just like stands up and grabs you. Stands up. Definitely doesn't stand up, but you know what I mean. >> Doesn't grab your attention is what I'm attempting to say. Unless you're really looking at it. >> Obviously, when it's all the same color, it'll be definitely blending in. But let's back up just a little bit and get a view from this side. >> Okay, there we go. I'm kind of shooting into the sun here, but you can see the windows on Cinderella's Royal Table are definitely all painted. Yeah, the backside is pretty much done. So, I don't know how well you can see that because we're right into the sun here, but I'll slowly pan up so you can kind of see the backside. The pink is basically gone. And they're going to paint the turrets a little bit different color blue, too, from what I understand. But yeah, still looking. >> So, there you go. Zoom back out. >> That sun came out with a with a passion, with a force. Cinderella's stepsister is over here behind the Cinderella fountain. Pleasure is yours. >> She said, "The pleasure is yours." So excited to meet you guys. >> Go over here real quick. Wow, the the step sisters have quite the quite the crowd waiting on them. >> How fun. >> Hello All right, let me come around here and I'll show you how it looks like from this side. It's a good shot right there. So, the just everything's gray on this side except the uh just the very very front turret there. Yeah, I think it looks pretty good. >> Just a couple little pink spots in the middle there. >> That need to be finished up, but looking pretty good. It's a little wet down here. So, there's where they've got all their boom vehicles here. They they just kept them in here last night. the other day. I don't think they were in here, but probably easier to keep them in overnight. But they are able, the nice thing is they are able to keep them down so they don't interfere with pictures, which is really smart on Disney's part. Again, they're doing a great job of this without like major major uh interruptions to pictures because that's always the big concern whenever they put the cranes up, even to put on the uh the castle dream lights that they would have the crane up for a while and people would not like that. So, it's nice that they do can do it this way. >> What about blue? >> So, there you go. A little bit of pink, but not much. Right about there. >> All right. Vertical. >> Yeah. >> Nice that we can do this during the day. It's a lot easier to see in the bright sunlight. charge, baby. >> Let's come all the way out here to the bridge. >> We can see one more shot from the side here >> and then maybe head around to the front and finish it up because it is still quite a bit of pink in the front. >> There we go. >> Yeah. Nice. >> So, there you go. >> It's definitely like Hey, >> let's head around to the front. We'll wrap it up from there. And we're not done with the live stream. Just done with the little almost done with the little castle painting update. Coaster dude says his birthday was two days ago. Nice. And if you're watching this as a separate video, it's from a live stream. And you should watch the live streams cuz they're fun, too. you can just subscribe and make sure you get notified next time. >> All right, here we go. So, here's a front shot. Nice. and get a little zoom there just to get a little closer to some of the colors. Yeah, still kind of pink, but some of the trim is now gray. So, that's your castle update for this week, the last day of February, 2026. Sex.
