---
video_id: kRonaRQC8bY
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: First Look at Epcot Festival of the Arts - Walt Disney World Live Stream - 1-16-26"
published: 2026-01-16
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRonaRQC8bY
---
I would like to see that. [music] [music] Well, hey everybody. [music] It's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we're live for a first look at Epcot Festival of the Arts. [music] Welcome in, guys. Before we get too far into the video, I want to make sure everybody's subscribed. Make sure you hit that notification bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. [music] Also, make sure you're following us on all the social media. We're Resort TV1 on all the things. All right, let's get started. First up is [music] merch. I haven't been in there yet. Um, sorry I was a little late. I did have a media event this morning that I went to. [music] So, a big thank you to Disney for inviting us out. Um, and uh, we're going to be hanging out all day today and probably be doing a lot of Instagram. So, make sure you're following Resort TV1 on Instagram. Um, because we're going to be showing you all the things. Um, and then we'll be live again tonight at 600 p.m. Eastern time, our normal start time. [music] So, definitely come and join us at 6:00 p.m. as well. So, there's your announcement video. Surprise! Guess what day it is? It's Friday Night Live. [laughter] Welcome in, guys. Well, let's go to the merch. I also have Sharon and Andy here today. They came came to enjoy some art fun, right? Facility art [music] fun. So, let's go. Have you been in to look at the [music] merch yet? No. Oh, all right. Let's go. Starbucks. That's the most important. It It is. I actually went in there, but the line [music] was too long, but I'll go later. Yeah, very long. Oh, they've got something over here for Looks like for the arts. And then I'll have to take you in um the Broadway um the Communicore Hall. If you guys did not go over to Resort TV1 on Instagram, I posted two reels over there. So, you'll get to see the merch from there. And uh the Communicore Hall first look. We got to go in before it opened to anybody. So, that was really cool. Super exciting. Hi guys. Hey Disney fanatic. Hi Ann. Hi Brownie Brown. Hi Awesome Austin. Rob, Kathleen, Argon, Emara, Daryl and Victoria, ATB, Jerry, Karen, Glamour Girl, Michael, Dan, Awesomeness, Dave is here. Welcome in, guys. Sorry if I missed you, but thank you for being here. [music] Okay, let's It's usually in the back, so let's head back. Usually this way. Hey, Maria Hall. How are you? Yep, I think I've spotted it. Hi, Caram. Hi, Disney Magic and Mayhem. Hey, Grey Rose. Hi, family life adventures. Hey, Linda or Tina, I'm sorry, Tina. Title Wave. All right, here we go. Here is the ears. These are pretty. Oh, I haven't seen these. These are really And the bow is detachable. Oh, yeah. says Festival Arts on the back. They are $44.99. Are they? Yes, they are Loungefly. Oh, okay. So, they're a little bit more. Yeah, they are pretty. I like those a lot. All right, let me go grab beautiful. Oh, look at the passholder shirt. Oh, I like this. I like the back of it. I don't know if I'll like the front, but I do like the back. I love this purple color. It's like a heather gray. It's really or like sorry, Heather purple. There we go. That's what I meant. It's gray. Do you see it? Colors. [laughter] Colors are hard. I've had no coffee. So, there we go. But yeah, this the front. That's so cute. I like the back. And then this bag is really cute. You know, to put your art supplies in and I carry those around. Whatever you want in there. Makeup. It could be a good makeup bag. Be great makeup. $24.99. Hi, Mom. Hi, Dad. How are you guys? Hi Evan. Hi Ghost Host Gail Brownie Brown. Jeff. Um and then we have this Loungefly bag, which I also love. This is what they've been doing. You know, they had it for the Christmas party, the Halloween party, and now substantial Festival of the Arts. They have one They had one for the Festival of the Holidays, too, didn't they? Yes, they did. It is pretty heavy. It's really cute though. I do like it. So cute. I love little Figment on there. Look at him. He's so cute. And so you could use this as a side bag or a backpack, which I love. Um it Oh, I'm not telling you prices. How much is this, guys? Um 85. Okay. $85. 85. Yeah. And it says I'm convertible, so you can change the straps. Just got here and starting at the beginning. All right. Sounds good. Hello, Justin. Hi, Anthony. Oh, this is cute. A shorter top. Got Figment in your pocket there. It's like having sunshine in your pocket. Cute cuz Figment is [music] sunshine. And it is $36.99 [music] for sure. Looks like there's more up here. But wait, there's more. They have the um Yep. Corksicle. Loving that. Really pretty. 44. Hi, how are you? How are you? Good, thank you. $44.99. It's a very nice corksicle. [music] Has the handle there. All right, let's see what else we find over here. We've got the spirit jersey. Oh, I do really like that. I love all the colors. I like that. It looks like a brush stroke there. Beautiful. You've got your coffee. Awesome. And these are usually Oh, $79.99. Okay. The mug is adorable. Look at him. Isn't that cute? I love it. Figment. Figment in your coffee. Vessel of the arts on that side. and it is $24.99. We've got this shirt. And again, if you want to see the merch up close better and for, you know, it's [music] on our Instagram on the Instagram reel, so go check it out on Resort TV1. $36.99 and 29.99. Yeah, I do like the color combination. I do. The colors are really pretty. Here's the ornament. Um, and it is 26.99. See if there's anything else we can spot. I know there's pins. We just haven't found them yet. I'm going to go look over here. Hang on, guys. Oh, wait. I spotted a figment. He's so cute. Look at him. There's more. He's so cute. He's got his little beret. Little bow. Hi, Chelsea. Hi, Bonnie. $24.99. $24.99. I don't think the ornament stood on its [music] own cuz it was round. That's cute. I know. That is really cute. Got his paintbrush. He is ready. He's got his little artist parade. Yeah. And he's got his little horn sticking out. Apparently the popcorn bucket also has that sort of artist on top. It'll stay on this way. It's It will stay on. Yeah. We'll have to go check it out in Communicore Hall. All right, let's go over here. So, we've got the um Festival of the Arts scavenger hunt, which we'll do at another time, but it looks so fun. Hang on, guys. We'll we'll get a better look. Sticker by number. And then, yeah, your prize is Oh, sticker by numbers. Oh, that's so cute. These are the different options that you can get. I love the sticker by numbers. And they're similar to other years, you know, where you find the paintings in the different countries. Yeah. What's the prize? Uh these the sticker by numbers. Oh, I see. Oh, I thought the sticker by numbers is what you had to complete to get your prize. No, you have to go find them. Yeah, go find the little pictures. And hey, Tim, how are you? And then we've got a magnet. I think it's a magnet and a picture frame for $16.99. It is. Love that. All right, pins. They have to be somewhere else. Let's see if we can find them. Sometimes they're over here. If not, they might be in a different spot. There's a pin wall. A pin wall. Okay. Yeah. Let's go see if it's over there. Let's go see. Oo, I love this whole Valentine vibes right here. Yeah, usually they're somewhere like in a thing like this. That's okay. We'll find it. Yep. Mom and dad are at home. They wanted to stay warm today. I I said something about coming and they're like, "We're going to stay nice and warm." So, but we did have a good time. They were with me on Wednesday. So, if you missed that stream, go back and check it out. remember, you know, I remember was it for the festival the uh holidays? Were they back in one of those back shops? I was thinking that same thing. Yeah. Okay. And there was a long line this morning. We were walking around before we met up the new trading shop. Shop. When we walked by there earlier before we met up with you, there was a long line of people. Okay. Well, there's our answer. I think they were just opening the shop. So maybe it has maybe that line has I bet you're right. All right. Well, let's let's meander that way. Um I also want to take you guys in the Broadway um Communicore Hall. I don't think it's open yet, though. So, we'll see. Do you see they got a new white one? Is that pretty? It's really pretty. Like the bag that Andy's so nice. Disney Traders. All right. Thanks, guys. You know, it's not white white. Yeah, it's more of like a like a off-white gray white $4.99. Yeah, that's I love these bags. All right. Yeah, the merch this year is really pretty. I like it, too. Well, let's head back to the cold. Um, I did not have frost in my car. However, I do park indoors. So, [laughter] I have a garage I park in. So, did not have frost, but I heard somebody at the media event said that they had frost on their car. So, I think that there was some frost today. Hi, Stacey. Love the color. Yeah. Hi, Sh uh Sharon. [music] How are you? Good morning. We will stay warm. The sun is nice and warm [music] today. I mean, when it comes out. Yes. When you're in the shade, it's freezing, but if you're in the sun, it's very nice. Oh, so they have this new Lorana game that's all around the park. We We're going to try to figure out how to do it. So, here's one of the first things that you have to come check [music] out. But I'm going to have to look into it a little bit more. Maybe we'll know what to do with it when Josh gets here [music] later or this afternoon. Maybe I'll do that on Instagram. We saw people picking up the little booklet. Yeah, the line for that was even longer than the pins. Oh, where was that at? It was by You know where you get the Uncrustables? Yep. That's where you get Okay. Okay. We got one this morning. So, I have mine. Okay. Um they were handing them out to us. Oh, look. A booof is open. Looks like they opened the Yeah. Opening bites. Let's see what they have. Hi, Britney. You're welcome. Candy. Oh, shell crab slider. That kind of looked good, huh? Yeah. Enchanted Rose, dark [music] chocolate mousse rose, and then some wine and beer. I mean, if I drank beer, I would totally get that caramel cookie bar. Yeah, that's the one. It looks like a rose. Oh, fun. Tim says the sun only looked warm up here, but it's not actually warm. It's a scavenger hunt on the bridge on the way to World Showcase. Okay, sounds good. So, I'm going to go see if the Communicore Hall is open and I can take you guys in there. But also go watch the reel because I posted a whole reel of the um inside of Commam Community Hall the Broadway Once Upon a Stage. It was super fun. And uh if you guys didn't already see it, go over, give it a like, leave a comment, all the things. We got to go in before anybody else got to. So, it was really fun. Yeah, it was very nice. So again, a big thanks to Disney for inviting us out to this event today. Festival of the Arts. Dad says it's 47. Feels like 44. Yeah, when you get in the shade. Yes, it feels that way. I agree. Oh, and the giant Aladdin lamp that I have on Instagram is right over here. So, let's go see that first. Uh Logan, I don't know about a stream tomorrow, so we'll have to wait and ask Josh. Oh, it's steaming. Oh, it is. No. That's so cool. Did somebody rub the lamp? Oh, fun. Yeah, that's cool. I love that. Welcome to one of the funnest inside. [music] Step inside. It is open. It's neat. Oh, snowing in Chicago. [music] Stay warm. Get your ears on. That's so [music] cool. I love that. Oh, yeah. It was on top of the theater. There you go. That's where it's from. [music] Let's head inside. Once upon a stage. Here we go, guys. Let me know in the chat if you already saw the real and you you already know all about this. Let me know. Oh, wow. Here we go. [music] Oh my god. Thank you very much. Wow. Isn't this pretty? This [music] was going to be here. Hi, Paul. So, it was They had something like this last year, but I feel like there's even more this year. It's This is amazing. So good. Love these dresses. Gorgeous. Look at this. From Beauty and the Beast. Saw the real. Thank you for answering, Mia. [music] That's right. Like the lamp, not the rat. Thanks, Mia. Good morning, Paul. Wow, the detail on that. I know. Gorgeous. Well, thank you, Grey Rose. I'm glad you saw the reel as well. Last year's was cool. Yes. But just wait. [music] Let the [singing] world be. [music] Oh, you're welcome, Catalina. All right, let's head over this way. See what else we can find. Isn't this cool? some of the props. Yeah. [music] Going to be an 82 near Disneyland. Oh my goodness. I'm jealous. [music] A Thanks, Nancy. 348. [music] No, it's 348.5. Don't semi real 125 stage manager's calling desk. [music] It says it's hard to see. Oh, look. Stitch. A. It's one of those from Tokyo where it like clips on. Don't cause any problem. Stitch. There's some people are worth mel melting for. And then there's Olaf in the mug. Like random. I love it. [music] Hey Disney boy mom, you saw it. Awesome. Hi, [music] Mike. It is chilly. Yes, it's 351 station. Yes. Very cool. I love that. I love all the wigs. Hazimoto cluster cast. [clears throat] [music] And they got shadow puppets over here. Got to hit the buttons. Yep. And then we're going to get Lion King. Amazing. [music] [music] There you go, guys. Here's more. So cool. [music] Yeah, it's so good. I know. gazette wheel. And then this is what it looks like. How cool is that? Thanks for 1100 people in the chat. Bop that like button. Share out the stream. Let everybody know we are live. He's pretty. So pretty. Hi. How are you? Good. Checking out all the pretties. [music] Adorable. So pretty. [music] Oh, you're welcome. Annual. You saw Mary Poppins and the Lion King while they were on tour. That's awesome. Ain't that cool? Oh, that's right. All of them. And they're so pretty. Yes. And then we've got the Lion King all the way up there. Meet here. Same stairs. And then we'll go over to And they have a shop. So you can buy merch in here, too. And there's like no line right now. So sometimes a little hidden. Uhhuh. We saw that in for the festival of the holidays. So there you go, guys. Yes, it is. And now we can head out of the curtains. Open the curtains. Woo! Into the sun. Into the sun. That was so Ain't that cool? I love that. All right. Well, looks like some art booths are open. So, let's go check out some of that. If I can see to get there. [laughter] We'll just have everything in the center. Yeah, there's a stage that they're going to be doing something on here soon. I know somebody usually like will paint on there and I know there's some musicians as well. So, we'll have to see what the schedule is over there. Good morning, Mary. It is a very good use of the Communicore Hall. I That was 100% agree. Very pretty. Oh my goodness. That is cool. Really cool. It's like a ship. I know. It's amazing. Like a like a submarine. Yeah. Got that sort of steampunk look. I love it. Ocean treasures. Look at Winnie. Mom, I don't know if you're still watching, but look how cute. That's adorable. We've got Mr. Sanders over here. More Winnie the Pooh. I do. I do remember. Yes. We're going to go check out the popcorn bucket. Don't worry. Okay. Thank you. Little mermaid. Hi, Edwin. I know. Isn't it adorable? All right. Well, let's head to the next booth over here. See what else we can find. resting the table and like that one looks a little squishy. Let's go to the next one. Yeah. Yeah, we'll come back. Very nice art. Winnie the Poo is your favorite. Um I don't know if we've been to that one yet. I'm not sure. Oh, wow. Walking through the gates of Oh, I love this. That's so cute. Rocket and Groot. Hi, Jessica. How are you? You'll be here in February. I love this festival. Yeah, you're going to have so much fun. Hi, Sherry. That's so cool. It's the Haunted Mansion in uh Disneyland. You're right. Oh, I thought that was a half. Oh, I hope Rainbow Connection plays there, too. Oh my goodness. This is so cute. Look, he's like, I'm going to play And then we've got up Carl. That's really pretty. I know. Isn't that cute? Such beautiful art. Yeah. So many pretty pretty things. Oh, here's Gus Gus and Jack. Jack. Hi, Maria Hall. Oh my goodness. We would need an extra case if we came to this festival. I know. Thanks, Jim. Aren't they cute? There's Lilo and Stitch. Happy opening festival of the arts day. Yes. Hello. Happy opening day. Hi. How are you? Have fun today. You too. Thank you. Stay warm. I know. That's Oh, yeah. Me, too. It's a It's a We're like 15 layers. We slowly have like layered down. Yeah. The sun is helping. Yeah, we're negotiating in a car. Do we take this, right? That's why you bring the big bags and stuff them in there. [laughter] Yeah. Oh, well, enjoy your day. Thank you. Thank you. Hey, you must be resort TV war. Yes. How are you? Doing well. I'm Anthony. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you, too. Sorry. That's okay. No worries. Sorry. I I'm I'm actually like trying to Well, I know I know a lot of you guys are here for opening day. That's why I ran into a lot of you guys. Oh, awesome. For my first time. Is it okay we get a self? Of course. Okay. What was your name? Anthony. Anthony. Yeah. Uh, okay. Three, two, one. Awesome. Do you want to say hi on the stream? Sure thing. Oh, here this way. We got Anthony. Where'd you say you're from? Uh, I'm from New York. Okay, cool. And I'm here on the Disney College Program. Oh, nice. Where do you work, Anthony? Uh, Grand Fian custodial. Cool. Well, thank you for being a cast member. That's awesome. Of course. Nice to meet you. You, too. All right. Bye. Have a good day. Thank you. We have Hi, how are you? Watches you every single day. He's going to be watching you right now. Do you want to say hello to him? Yeah, of course. Hi. What's his name? Matthew. Hi, Matthew. Going to be so excited. A that's awesome. Thank you for watching. Bye guys. Have a good day. You too. Trisha Strangler said uh no just became a member. There we go. See if I can Words are hard today. So, thank you so much, Trisha, for being a member or becoming a member. That's very, very kind. Here's one of these Lurana cards that I was telling you guys about. They're all around the park. So, but this one's Mickey. Yeah, Woody the Pooh and Seven Dwarfs. That's right, Dad. Hi, Robert Warner. Hey, Marissa. Hey, Spider-Man. Really fun. Yeah. So, let's go this way and see if we can see where they're handing out the packs. I have a pack. I haven't opened it yet. Where they where they hand out uncables during the Yeah. Festival. Um, no. Flower. I was going to say festival of the flowers. [laughter] Okay. That's a lot of people. Is that the line to get the cards? Earlier the line went down. Oh, wow. like right here along. Oh my goodness. That's not really much at all. Okay. Okay. Compared to earlier. Good to know. I think it seems like some of the people are doing photos maybe. Oh, that could be. It's just like it's just a bunch of people in that area. We're going to go figure out what's happening. They also have more of the festival merch over here on the left. So, I'm glad they've got it all spread out. That's really nice. And most of the food booths don't open till 11, I believe. So, unless unless the Odyssey's open already. We can go check it. I kind of doubt it, but it could be. The figment cake. The sponge cake. Is that where they have that? Ooh, that sounds delicious. All right. So, here. Okay. You know what it is? I think they're getting their cards and then they're opening them and just kind of like hanging out and maybe trading. And I think you're right. Uh-huh. That's why it's a lot of people. Oh, yeah. So, [music] there's the desk. Where? Oh, over there. Oh, so that's not busy at all. It's just people opening their packs of cards. [laughter] What did we get? What did we get? Very confusing. So, you guys um if the line is long, you should get your pack. I already have one. I'm trying to figure out where the line is. Oh, right there. Okay. And I'll just kind of wander around. Maybe if you don't want one, that's fine. up to you. I already have one, so Oh, that's right. Yeah. Okay. And then we've got some photo ops over here. We've got Sleeping Beauty. Mary Poppins. Oh, and this one's new. Yeah, that one. Oh, that's really pretty. I love that. That's really pretty with the horses. Yeah. For the year of the horse. Oh, there you go. And they normally have some chalk art here. So, let's see if they have any up yet. Yeah, chalk art. Sometimes they'll come out. They'll come out around. Yeah, maybe over here. Okay, it looks like it's over here. Come on, Ariel. All right, guys. Let's go see. Oh, hi Beacon Barrel. Thank friends. Thank you so much. [music] Thank you, Jersey Johnny. That's very kind. A look at Stitchy. A, that's so cute. Hi, Noel. [music] Oh my goodness, that's crazy. Oh wow. I love that. That's crazy. Parks and cruising [music] family. You're welcome for the sneak peek. And remember, we're going to be live again tonight at 6 PM at our normal time. Got our Epcot passport. I love that. [laughter] That's amazing. He's got some Disney buttons. Sorry, the glare is not the best. Hi, Aaron. Oh, so sorry. I understand. Somebody working here. Has to go. Everything must go. [music] [music] Your favorite festival at Epcot. It's so fun, isn't it? Looks like we've got Timone and Pumba uh topiaries. And then I love the Figment one over here too. [music] Stitch and Figment are to your faves. Me too, Benjamin. They are very talented. I agree. Hi, Lisa. Very, very talented. [music] Okay. Looks like maybe No, somebody working [music] over here. It's hard to tell. [music] Oh, he is just starting. This is going to be the 3D one. [music] [music] How are you? We're good. Good. Good. Hello. We missed you. Yeah. Good to see you. Sorry I wasn't. Look at what we got. The other morning I woke up and my ankle was so Oh, no. That's not good. Oh, cool. Get out of bed and Michael was [music] Oh, did you get yours yet? No, I didn't get any. Nope. Happy birthday. Thank you. That's awesome. [music] What kind of lines are crazy? That wasn't too bad actually. It wasn't too too bad. Hi, Adventures with Tim. What's up? Yep. It's opening of a festival. It's always fun. Yeah, that's awesome. Good deal. Yeah, it's [music] all pretty. I didn't get anything, but it's all really pretty. Oh, yeah. No, they have plenty. Yeah. All good to go. Yeah. Cool. Good. I'm doing okay. How about you? Awesome. Awesome. I'm not sick anymore. Well, I am so glad. It took me four weeks to get over that. Oh my goodness. Well, I'm glad you're back. When someone in my truck was like 6 to 8. It was cold. Oh my goodness. It was definitely cold. I'm in the culture [music] with us. We were like, "Thanks for Yeah. Thanks for my friend." Aw, I bet they were trying to stay warm. When did you guys get here? Well, I had a media event this morning, so I [music] was here at 7:30. Yeah, exhausted. Yeah, it was fun. So, good deal. Hotel. I will. Good to see you guys. Have Have a good Friday. Oh, yeah. Yeah, sure. Let's do it. How are we [music] going to do it? Hello, Plymouth Rock. It is 48 here. Yes. This morning it was 30. What was it? 33 4 33. Okay. Yeah, I know. It was cold. It was really cold. Do you want me to come over there? Is that easier? Here, I'll let you open the Oh man, there's seagulls everywhere. Okay, here we go. Awesome. [music] Thank you. Well, enjoy your day, guys. See you later. Bye. Share some [music] magic with you. Enjoy your weekend with Oh, I love that. Yeah. Good to see you guys. Oh, no worries. You're all good. Thank you. Thank you. Have fun today. Love your ears. I love those. Oh, and those are so cute. Bob Ross. I love it. Bob Ross. That is amazing. Perfect for today. You too. Enjoy. Oh, what's that? Oh, one of the booths. Wait, is that opening early? This had a line earlier. Oh. Yes. Oh, an artist there. Yeah, I bet you're right. Yeah, that sun feels good. Well, here you go, guys. Here's another photo op here. Can't believe it's much warmer in San Diego than Orlando. I know. Is there really? Oh, it's probably the pins. And apparently, they also have some cards. Uh, is that the Lana cards? I bet. Yeah, I bet it is. I just heard a cast member this morning was announcing this is a line for the pins and cards. Oh, okay. We assuming I'm assuming it was Yeah. Well, let's go check check it out. Yeah, we'll go get the the 411. This booth isn't quite open yet. Oh, yeah. Look, it's not as bad as it probably was. Take it right around the line. Is this the line for pens or Oh, and Lorana. Okay. Can I just look at the Absolutely. Oh, thank you. So, you buy this and then you get that. Is that correct? Okay. And how much? It doesn't say how much. 50. Okay. And then we've got these pins. Oh, those pins are so cute. No, they really are. Very nice. [music] And that's the only way you can get that car, correct? Yep. Darn it. They know what they're doing. Thank you so much. Absolutely. Can you just go in the shop if you don't want to see the or is it just for now? I don't believe so. Um just for that. Yes. Awesome. No worries. All right. Thank you. Yeah. How you all doing? Well, they were really cute, weren't they? Let's go to the other shop. So, it's only about 15 more minutes and um the booth should open up. So, we'll go see where we want to go maybe first. We could at least do one little food food thing. I bet you the line for the grilled cheese is crazy. We could go check it though. Yeah, cuz I definitely want to try that. I know. It looks so good. And the tomato soup. So, we have to go and the with the grilled cheese and tomato soup. Oh yeah, Mikey or Mike. Um, also tonight we'll be back here. So don't worry, we're going to show all the things tonight. So if we miss it now, we'll show it to you later tonight. Oh, I wonder. Some of these are opening probably at 11. Oh, wow. Rob has a really long line for Rob Cass. Let's just go look what the line is for the tomato soup. Oh, yeah. It's going to open 15. Yeah. Hi, Isabelle. That's right. You're going to go ahead for coffee. That sounds really good, Britney. I need some of that. Can Can you make a stop here? [laughter] Here's another booth. The Deco Delights sparkling spectacle grat vanilla bean mousse with a golden caramel center and apple cot jam on a hazelnut cookie. I saw a picture of that. It was all pretty art deco design. This art deco. Yeah. Fancy. Sounds delicious. Also, does sound delicious. We might have to try that. That might be a terrible. Yeah, totally. It sounds rich. Oh, is that for the tomato? No. No, it's not. Oh, they're just standing around table. Okay, they're holding the table. Oh, it's a tour or something. Oh, that's neat. Or Yeah. I'm not sure. Uhhuh. Sorry. Did you get the new blueberry coffee at AK? No, I did not get it. Blueberry coffee? Yeah, it sounds good. Oh, here's a line. It's actually not that bad. Let's see. Cuz it probably isn't open. Yeah, it doesn't open till Well, let's look. Yeah, it's not too bad. Um, no, I think it is open. Yeah. Did you guys want to get it now? Should we get a spot in line? Yeah. And here I can uh give you my Oh, your card. If I can find it. It's in here. I have a gift card. Let's see. You want me to hold something? Hold the people. Yes. Thank you very much. Hello, people. I know. I put it in here so I wouldn't lose it. How you do? Here it is. Pop Eats where you can get the famous grilled cheese and tomato soup. I'm going to go Oh, and they have two grilled cheese options. One with ham and one without. I think I'll get the one with ham. That sounds really good. Yeah. I'm going to go show them the menu. I'll hold it for now. I'll come right back in a second. All right, let's go check the menu out, guys. And yeah, this booth is open already. They're actually getting handing out food. So, this is the um Pop Eats. So, you've got your grilled cheese with tomato soup and crunk manure. That's what I'm going to get with grilled cheese. [music] Black Forest ham grier and whatever that sauce is with tomato soup. That's what I'm getting. Hi, Francisco. Hi girly girl. Happy Friday. Hi Ann. Mega Byron. You've been wanting the grilled cheese. Yeah. I'm excited to give it a try. So uh the line's not that bad. Like I said, at least they're already handing them out. Grilled cheese. Been wanting to have theirs lately. Yeah. Besamel. Bashamel. Is that how you say it? Did I do it, Emar? Apple, bacon, and Greek grilled cheese. Oh, here's what they look like. So, here's your plain grilled cheese. And here is the crunk monure. I love grer grair. Grer, is that how you say it? Cheese. All right. Oo, birds. Birds everywhere. Yeah, they're on. Oh, yay. You're moving on up. So, with ham? Yes, please. It's the one the like the croet or whatever. Yeah, with the cheese. That's it. Anything else? Uh, nope. I have a water. So, I am good. Maybe I'll see if I can find a table down here. You know, like looks like there's one over there. I'll grab that. Perfect. Thank you. Thank you. All right, guys. Let's go grab a table and then we'll try out some of this food. I'm so excited for this new one. Sorry. You know what? I think I'm going to go across. Actually, I'll text them. It'll be easier cuz that was in the shade and it was [music] a little chilly. And it's just pretty down here. Hello. Gree gree air. Gree air. Okay, there you go. Gree air. They separated it. Last year the grilled cheese was the best ever. [music] We repeated it. That is awesome. Love that lots of fish. [music] Okay. Fish. Ouch. Caught. All right. Give me one second, guys, and I'm going to get you all set up on the stand. [music] Another really cool thing that we got to do um during the media event is we got [music] to listen um and hear some of the Broadway stars um chat about, you know, what they're most excited about um some memories that they had um coming to Disney and um yeah, what they're excited about being here singing at Disney and maybe a little bit about what they're [music] going to be singing. So that was pretty cool. Happy Fest of the Arts. Welcome in, guys. Know where I got to figure out where to put my phone. Here we go. [music] All right, guys. Again, thank you for being here. Um, this is your announcement video for Friday Night Live. So, we will be live, of course, from here. Festival Arts. If you lived out of state and only had 12 hours in one park, which one would it be and what rides would you make a priority? Oh my goodness. 12 hours in one park. Um, [music] I guess I would say Magic Kingdom. Um, because they have the most rides maybe and I just that's my favorite park. So, probably Magic Kingdom and I would ride all the rides I could ride. You want to be here? I get it. Hi, Nikki Tobin. Happy opening day of Festival of the Arts. Any artist you're looking forward to? I always love um Noah. He's a great artist. Um Thomas Concincaid. Those are the two I usually look for. But, you know, I'm excited for all of them just to check them all out. And so, while we're standing here, let me show you. So, we got we got this festival [music] quest book. Maybe I could do a selfie and show you guys a little easier. Hello everyone. Here, I got to go this way. Sun there. Hi, guys. Okay, so we got our Lana Festival quest book. I guess this is probably what they're handing out at the at the thing. Um, but they gave this to us this [music] morning. And then we got two cards this morning. I don't I think you have to find [music] these and pick these up, but they went ahead and gave them to us this morning. I think that's part of your quest. So, it says Okay, so it's [music] ink and find scavenger hunt. So, um it says discover 10 magical larger than [music] life Disneyland trading cards scattered all throughout Epcot. As you journey through the park, place the ink sticker on the map where you find the matching card. So, we got this and then we're gonna find whichever card it is and stick it on our map. So, it's a little scavenger hunt around Epcot. Um, and then it says, "Once [music] you've located all the cards, bring your completed map to a cast member at uh the Lumers Lounge in the Morocco Pavilion or Figments [music] Inspiration Station at the Odyssey to receive your Rapunzel appreciative artist magical [music] card, which I think is this one, so I already got it. And in the realm of lurcana, six different magical inks, amber, [music] amethyst, emerald, ruby, sapphire, and steel, enhance a character's special abilities, and can even uh fantastically transform them. [music] Those of the sapphire inc variety are intellectual and curious, just like Rapunzel. So, yeah. And then I have this pack of [music] cards, Lorana cards to open. I haven't opened mine yet. So, we'll have to do that. Reminds me of Pokemon cards. That's what a lot of people were saying. It reminds them of Pokemon cards. So, anyway, that's that. So, we'll be doing that maybe later. Um, and then we've got our festival map or book, I'm sorry, [music] telling us um all sorts of things. So, here's a concert series. This is who we're going to see tonight. And we got to um [music] hear them today chat with us. And we also saw uh Sierra. And who else do we see? I don't [music] see him on here. Huh? I don't see him. He's not pictured on here, but we got Or maybe was it James? Anyway, I'll put it on Instagram. We definitely saw those three and it was really fun to hear them chat. But then of course you've got all of your festival booths. [music] So we just went Sharon and Andy are standing in line for this. So we'll get to try that today. And um there's the craftsman's courtyard. [music] Beef Wellington is always amazing. They have this world showcase. Um what did they have last time? It was like it was a different kind of dual whip, but they have a pink vanilla soft serve. Oh, the nitro the liquid nitrogen mini [music] cake pop was also delicious. Oh, here's that thing we were we were talking about at the deco delights. This is what it looks like. You love the background music. I know. It's nice, isn't it? People collect [music] the card cards for the art. Okay. Super cool. Love that. So, yeah. I'm going to be trying some more food throughout and uh but this will be our first one of the day. You're good. See if they can see where we're at. I don't want to lose my Lana cards. Tuck them in there. But thanks again for hanging out with us this morning, guys. Definitely go check out mickeytras.com. mickeytras.com. They will help you book your trip right here to Walt Disney World. It won't cost you any more money than if you were to book the trip yourself, but [music] mickeyras.com will help you book the trip and it won't cost you any more money, like I said. So, they will help plan it with their expert advice. [music] So, whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, make sure you book it with mickeyras.com. Also, go to mickeyblog.com for all of the latest Disney news. Hi, Leanne. Excited for the [music] shows. How are you and Dale feeling after the run? Oh, feeling good. We were very sore right after, but feeling good now. It'll probably be Dale. Yeah, Dale's hurting a little more than I am um [music] because of his back and his leg and everything. So, it'll probably be his last his last run. But if you didn't see our Run Disney um vlog or video, go back and check it out, guys. It was a lot of fun and we show you um the entire 10K race. So, you're going to want to check it out from start to finish. We take you with us. Happy Freezing Friday. It's a bit chilly. Your son plays arana competitively. He travels in Milwaukee and Richmond for bigger tournaments in the last year. Oh, that's cool. Hi, Hersel and Margie. [music] I got to figure out how to play it. Thanks, Amara, for [music] posting the link. I think the choo choo does give superpowers. Yes, that's why you have to wear one. It's It's like required. No, I'm just kidding. It's not. [laughter] All right. Hi, Glattus. How are you today? I'm just keeping my eye open for Sharon and Andy. I thought it would be a little bit less crowded over here. I love Lorana. It's so much fun. Coffee acquired. All right. Sounds good. Hot chocolate. Yeah. Or hot coffee. Still have an extra. I'm ready. Roadmy. Did anyone see where over at Disneyland Star Wars Galax characters and elements from the original trilogy? Yeah, I saw that at Disneyland. Yeah. You're just missing a set of those Chip andale running shoes. I know, right, Maria? Or the stitchy ones. I've offici I'll officially be there the last weekend of the festival. Oh, that's awesome. Tim, when is that? When's the last weekend of the festival? Was it the 22nd or whatever it was you were talking about? So, don't go anywhere. Like I said, we're about to get some yummies. We will try the new grilled cheese from Pop Eats. Like 3:00 or something. I bet the Odyssey is pretty busy right now. That Figment cake looked delicious. We'll at least pop in there. If not during the stream, during the evening stream. Got to leave some things for the evening stream. You watched the race video. I loved your yellow tutu. A thanks Pamela. That's so sweet. Sipping be my hot coffee. Wishing I was in Epcot. Check my phone and see you're alive. You and Josh always come through for my sanity. A relaxation. I'm so glad. Jen, glad you can sit and enjoy. The 20th through the 23rd. Okay, cool. Of February. Awesome. Kim, amazing. Amazing. Yep. We'll be live at 6 PM. I know. I hope they didn't go the wrong way, too. I was going to text. I'll text Andy, [music] too, just in case. Come on. Phone. What you doing? My phone's being stupid. All right, let [music] me let me message Andy. Right. Oh, here we go. [music] Andy. Andy. Okay, it might have [music] slowed down a little bit. It was relatively long. Everyone is wearing a pink jacket. Oh, have you seen lots of pink jackets? That's funny. Oh, that sun is [music] amazing. We've lost Sandy. Sandy, are you here? Oh, there they are. Yay. Perfect. I came over here cuz it was in the sun. That was a little shady. And it's a little less busy. Yes. Thank you. We actually moved the line around by the tables. Oh, wow. This is yours. That one's mine. Thank you. I have lots of napkins in my backyard. Perfect. Look how pretty. I like the can, too. Isn't that cool? Yeah, the can is so cute. And you got the regular without. I got the regular without. And Andy, you got the same as me. I got the same as you. Awesome. Yes. Thumbs up, everybody. Amazing. I can't wait to try it. There's your receipt. Says, "How much is left on your P card?" I didn't even know how much was on it to begin with. So, thank you card. Thank you so much. Awesome. And there's um Sorry, they're not all nice and folded like how Jesse does. Okay. Thank you. I know. She's like, she like takes them out and folds. So, you're just like, "Here's your napkins." Yep. I do the same. It's all good. Um I'm going to I think I'm good. I'm going to get a little picture of my If you want to if you need to rearrange for your No, we're good. We're good. I'm just going to um Oh, yeah. Let's get a little picture. Little parsley here. I'm going to put this here. Hopefully it doesn't blow away. But I will be right back. It doesn't feel windy. No, not right now. It doesn't got to get a good Good. [music] Thank you. [music] Yep. Everyone has to take a picture. All right. [music] Awesome. Thanks for standing in line, guys. Yeah. Okay. Let's see. No, you're good. You're good. I'm just going to Mine moved pretty fast. It's much longer now than when we got him. Yeah, that's what Where does it end? I can't even tell. I know. In the middle there in that little area where they have to put more tables like where you started. Yeah, [music] right over there. Wow. By that tour group. Oh, okay. I got you. That's [music] why it looks squishy over there. All right, guys. Here we go. We're going to try this. The bread that they use for this is delicious. It looks so like a sourdough maybe. Mhm. This is a big sandwich for six something. Seven with taxi. This is a good deal. M I don't even know where to start. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. The bread is good. That [music] is a hearty sandwich. Mhm. Mhm. Let's try to dunk it. This is a good um you know brunch item. [music] It is. Yeah. Agreed. [music] No, but it's a It is like a It's very good. The soup is good. Mhm. Soup is very good. Today is a great day for soup. Mhm. Usually [music] Florida and soup not so good. Today. [music] Mhm. Very good. [music] Did I just make a yummy sound? Yummy. It moved over here. Oh yeah. [laughter] I just knew Marshan. Oh yeah. Tim says, "I love watching science." Me too, Tim. It's all for science. Mhm. Andy, [music] what is your scientific evaluation? Yeah. Of this soup. What do you think? Oh, it is. It is good science. It's good science. [music] Okay, perfect. Is the tomato soup tomatoey? [laughter] It's [music] steaming. It's Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Nice and hot. It kept its temperature. Mhm. Yeah, it is. You know, the little area over there, the grassy area, and they have two food booths that sort of flank it. I don't know what's going on over there, but there's a very long line of people. Oh, okay. So, I'm like, we're going to have to look at having some sort of, you know, it's death special. [music] I would say it's just in line for these booths. We do enjoy watching your videos. Oh, thank you so much. Thank you for watching. It's on me. Don't worry. I don't have it right on you. No, no, I do that. Thank you for watching. Can I tell you though, I wish that the like bloggers like what I do like too is you do a lot more of the resorts [music] because a lot of us do like to stay in the resorts. One thing I noticed is not there's really not very many upto-date resort videos out there. Yeah. No, there really are there and I'm a passholder. We're local and but um I still like the same property. Just, you know, FYI, [music] just to let you know. And then the other thing too is like in the food courts like in the resorts the vlog don't [music] really spend the time to really show. It's like more of a quick that's where a lot of times I want tours is because [music] I want more of the resort. Seriously. Yeah. Sorry to tell you that but it's like it's like I'll be That's what I'm looking [music] for when I resort more like what's up. We love to go to the resorts. They're fun. I watch but thank you. Yeah. No, thank you. Thank you. We love We love taking the strings there. Just just, you know, like [music] information from what I see and as a passholder local, they're not not touching on the Yeah. No, you're right. Yeah, that's a good point. And there's a lot. That's what I wanted to say. There's a lot of resorts. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Even if it's just like food court or what? Oh, I love going to those food courts. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it doesn't have to be like And this is another thing. I mean, it's like the opinion on the food. It's like, can we just see the food and let us choose our I was just trying to give you some like [music] feedback. No, thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. [laughter] I got too. I got you. Otherwise, I mean, I do. We do [music] enjoy. Thank you. Yeah. Thank you so much. Sorry. All good. Enjoy your day. You too. Yeah. Thank you. Very good. [music] Mhm. I have tomato soup. I used to eat tomato soup all the time and now I can't as much, but today I I got you on that one. Yep. Because of the acid reflux and it's early in the day. Uhhuh. So, we have plenty of time for this to All right. I [music] know you guys don't want to just watch me eat this whole time. So, I'm going to face you this way. We'll bump in again. Thank you guys. [music] Thank you. Have fun. Bye. Ready. There we go. Now you have a water view. So pretty [music] today. It is. I'm about to shed another layer. I don't see any clouds. I know. It's the sunshine state. Mhm. It definitely is today. Each thing has a different Look, I have a railing seat. John says, "Now I want tomato soup for her." Or grilled cheese. That's what he said. Can't go wrong with grilled cheese. You really can't. We used to make it all the time. Unless Oh, true. Then that would be best. It is weird seeing [music] all the winter stuff at Disney. I agree. It's normally 3,000° sugar. Yeah. [music] Yummy. Yummy. It is a big sandwich, [music] so it's going to take me a minute. Sorry. Yeah, this table is a little wobbly. A little wobbly. So the consensus on the grilled cheese is is [music] amazing. Delicious. The one without the ham also delicious. The one without ham is also good. This one [music] had the they had two different cheeses, right? Uh and something else I think. And the one that you guys got, this one was a to grer griier. I forget how you said. Yeah. Some they [music] always correct me and then I always forget as far as what the cheese was in mine and I didn't pay attention. I think [music] it was different. It was delicious cheese. It was delicious. I like delicious cheese. Oh, it's probably in the book. Mhm. It's Yeah. [music] Yeah. Feel free to I grabbed one when we were up there. I forgot to get one at the entry. Or Emaro. Sometimes he knows. Dad says, "Woohoo!" Great job. Emaro knows everything. Mhm. So, he sure does. It's very good. Ask Em. That's what I do. Is it better than the fried green tomato grilled [music] cheese? I don't think I got that one, Rachel. I don't. Did you? No, but that sounds really That was last year. Oh, B grier and bashameal. Oh, so you guys have two different kinds. Yeah, we have we have grier and bashameal. Okay. It doesn't say what you It doesn't. Oh, okay. You just have grilled cheese. Just I hope [music] I hope I can have bashamel. I know I can have rer. Well, we're going to find out. I know nothing at all. Just ask [music] chat and mar. You know it all. There's something in here. I'm trying to put my in the tomato soup. Yeah. It's got a It's got like an extra flavor that I'm trying to decide what it is. There's like little tiny chunks of something. Is it garlic? Egg or something? Are the little tiny chunks garlic [music] chunks? Or tomato chunks? Oh, maybe you're right. You mean like there's actual real tomatoes in the tomato soup? I mean, [music] it's not just tomato paste. I I think so. I think it is, too. Yummy. I just love that bread. [music] That's a good point. Maybe it's different kinds of tomatoes. Yeah. [music] Like some green tomatoes and some regular, you know, red tomatoes. My daughter likes the grilled cheese. [music] They're at Starbucks on Main Street at the Magic Kingdom. I don't think I've ever had that one. I've seen people get that, but I've never had Oh, it has cream in it. Okay, good to know. Thanks, guys. I could be in trouble. Oh, and it does seem very It No, the cheese. Oh, in the O in the fish. Yeah, we're going to find out. It's very good. It is a souvenir. No, you can take the can home with you. Mhm. It's really cute. I love that has figment on it. I know. They ran out of these last year, [music] too. Yes. They started using other just like regular bowls. Yeah. It seems like that has happened every year that we've gotten tomato soup. They run out of the And normally I don't get an opening day because I'm not here in the morning. [music] Mhm. And then the line's too long and I'm like, "Okay, I'll get another day." But today is nice. I mean, it's busy, but it's not crazy. The first day is usually [music] busy. Mhm. First day is usually busy. It's like a milk gravy. Oh, okay. I got you. [music] Oh, you're welcome. Yeah, Tim, I don't like grilled cheese or tomato soup. I'll leave chat now. [crying] Tim. Well, to each his own. That's okay. He also doesn't like mac and cheese. I don't know how you can't like that. Huh? No. Good to know. Mhm. If I ever cook dinner for you, Tim, I'm not making you [music] grilled cheese or mac and cheese. Do you like cheese? Anything with cheese? I was going to say, do you like cheese? Nope. Not all day stream. I'm going to take a break and then um we'll be live again at either 5:30 or 6. I'm [music] not quite sure yet. So, have your notification bells on. I have it set for six. It's hard to dip in there. Yeah, it's the opening is small enough. It's very small. Tim [music] needs to be checked. All this talk about food is wanting me to eat lunch with a wrap. What? Can I sit in my mouth? Yum. Eat. Mhm. It really is. Mhm. Oh, you're so welcome. A latte coffee. [music] It's very messy and very like [music] greasy cuz you know it's butter on there. Yeah. Yes. Lots of butter. Tim says depends on the cheese and what's on it. Okay. Thank you very much for that. Good [music] morning. Karen. It is a gorgeous day here today. Let me tell you, when I walked in this morning, I'm like, if it's going to be like this all day, I don't know if I'm going to make it, but I knew I would. You bring all [music] the layers and then you're all good. Tell Josh you want I want is a Lana card. So, that's funny. Let me tell how delicious it sounds in my AirPods. Are you hearing me crunch? I'm very sorry. It's part of the [music] festival. It is crunchy. Yeah. Hi, Sorcerer Mickey. It is Friday morning live. Oh, the boat's starting. I guess it is 11:00, so everything's open now. [music] Okay. Yum. I'm not sure I'm going to eat it though. Did you notice on the Disney calendar, I don't know if you have one of the wall calendars, but I noticed this morning is this is the anniversary of the very first Disney marathon in 1994. I did not know that. So, it was later. Yes, it was later. And then, you know, we were talking about it, we realized, oh yeah, that was before Festival of the Arts and really, you know, you reading of course I'm almost up. Hi. How are you guys? We're doing good. Good. Sharon, right? Andy. Yes. Okay. Good to see you again. I'm Daryl Victoria. Hi. Daryl Victoria. It's nice to Yes. It's [music] nice to see you. I love your Figment jacket. Oh, and your backpack. Yes. Yeah, I love both your coats. Oh, thank you. That's a good one. That is adorable. Oh my goodness. Those are both adorable. A good coat. It's really nice and fuzzy. Oh, yeah. You need that today. Oh, yeah. Yeah. The sun's helping though. Oh, it's going to be nice. Yeah. Thank you. Sun is helping. Everything all together. My hands are all greasy. I don't worry about anything. We're fine. It's been a while since we sick. Yeah, it has been a while. Yeah, we missed you at the U Give Kids the World, but she was sick then. I'm so sorry. Yeah, we were planning on being there, but I don't blame you. No, it was bad. Next time. Oh, okay. Started the bad cold. I didn't want to be there with everybody and all that, but I did um uh win one of the uh auction items. Oh, yay. What'd you win? Little Alice of Wonderland ornament. Oh, cute. Oh. Oh, that's awesome. Very nice. And every time I dust it now, I think about it. I love that. That's so cool. My Alice collection. That's awesome. Good. Get back to your food. Oh, I'm actually probably going to It's a lot. It was a lot of food. Yeah. Got to get one of those. Amazing. Highly recommend it. This is our favorite festival. Yeah, me too. It's It's right under Flower Garden, but they're pretty close. Real close. We have an artist here that what we have like eight or nine pieces from Evan Zeno with right outside of this is the first year he's going to be here the entire festival that he's got something that we want to make sure that we we get a heading there. Heading that way now. Awesome. All right. Great to see you guys later. Okay. See um Josh. Yeah. Okay. We'll see how the day goes. I don't blame you. It's a long day. I might even sneak home for a nap. You got a really long day. I probably will. If not, go to my car and just Yeah, exactly. All right. Well, enjoy the rest of your day. Hope you get your art. Thank you. Maybe we'll see you tonight. We'll see. I don't know. Sounds good. All right. Bye, guys. Take care. Byebye. All right. I think I'm going to do it. Yeah. I'm trying to decide if I want to. I know. It's It's so good. It's kind of like you can't stop eating it. That is the problem. It tastes really fresh. Like they crushed the tomatoes and like everything, you know, like it wasn't made from some really, really, really good. Kudos to this boot. Mhm. Good job, Disney. Mhm. I think I have one more. Disney chefs. Oh, do you want one of those hand wipes? I've got I just restocked. I would love one of those. I restocked for today. I knew I'd need some. Good plan. Thanks for sticking around, guys. Well, now I kind of want dessert. [laughter] Oh, I will definitely for dessert. Um, I really want that Figma cake, [music] but I'm sure the lime I guess we could go see what the lime Yeah, we could go see. And the lady at the the cashier at the uh Pop Arts booth said, "Have you been over to Odyssey?" Wait, what did I just Did you give me something and I just dropped it? I gave you a hand wipe. Where did I just drop it? I'm like, "Thank you." And then I put it away. Here it [laughter] is. Okay. This is how you know I need coffee. Didn't want that after all. [laughter] That's so funny. Hand wipe in bag. [laughter] Just everything on your brain is like, "Put in bag. Put inbagg." Um or safekeeping. Yeah. She said there was some sort of they were giving away something over there too. Like I don't know what it was. Or if it was a scavenger. I don't know. Do you have to buy those or do you The scavenger hunt? Yes. Yeah. [music] So, yeah, maybe that's where one of the places you can get them. That could be. Jenna, talking about tomatoes, my daughter's biggest [music] complaint about being in the US versus Europe is tomatoes. She truly misses that. Oh, they have much better tomatoes over there. I'm going to tell [music] you though, if you talk to my dad and my mom, Indiana and Midwest tomatoes, you can't beat. We had [music] the best ones in our garden. Yes. So, if you ever get to the Midwest, Indiana, Illinois, try the tomatoes there. [music] And when out of your garden, they're so much better. Fresh out of your garden. So much better. So, so good. But I agree with the ones you get at like restaurants and fast food, they're usually not so good. Okay. All right. Here, I'll get that. Thank you very much. Your hands are full. Thank you. All right. Well, let's take a little walk over to the Odyssey. That was delicious. That was really good. Take a walk to the Odyssey and see what the situation is over there. Daryl S says, "Get Jenna coffee now." [laughter] Don't worry. Right after the Odyssey, that is probably where I'll go. Yeah. You got to get them from a local grower. Exactly. a farmers market, a local grower. Yeah, agreed. That's a good point. There's so many farmers markets here in Central Florida. I mean, really good tomatoes. Oh, these are the ones you were talking about. Yes, those are pretty. Homegrown is definitely better. Yeah. Mhm. Are those pretty? This is on my want list. On your want list. This one's going to be a lot more cuz you see this and all of those. But these don't. This one doesn't have it. I have the silver partner statue. I do, too. Okay. I do. I like it in gold. Oh, that's so pretty. Oh, that's really pretty. That's how removable bookmark jewelry box with the purchase of two select styles. I could get the two hand charms and get a You're all set. That I don't need. But of course you do. just like you get a free jewelry. Uhhuh. Yay. Oh, here's Rob. Everybody was waiting on Rob C. Is it cause Cass? Yeah. K A Z. Popular. Very popular. Yes, they are. And getting them signed. There goes the Montreal. Oh, that makes sense. He's here signing today. Yep, he's here. Oh my goodness. Look at that line. Pretty cool. So, I'm thinking we if we can let's see. Thinking if we go across this bridge, it might be easier than going back through that crowd. Yeah. So, let's talk about resort tv1homes.com brokered by EXP Realy. You guys are wanting to move here to Central Florida to be closer to the magic of Walt Disney World. Go check out resorttv1homes.com. Go over there, fill out the information form and we'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. Resorttv1homes.com. Guys, look, the line is not bad now. Not bad at all. Honey, what's in your car? Oh, look at Jiminy Cricket. So cute. And Pete, Luffy, and Max. But don't worry, we'll check out all of these all later. We've got so much time later tonight. I want to show you everything. So, you gotta come back at 6 PM. We also have um David's Vacation Club rentals at dvcrequest.com/tv. dvcrequest.com/tv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's. And you can get a uh Disney deluxe pillow for a fraction of the cost. dvcre request.com/tv. There's one of the popcorn buckets. Oh, yep. It looks just like the other ones. He just has a beret and a um little No, there's a beret and a um paintbrush and bigger to I think it's the same size. I could be wrong. Oh, here's a fictional Vuals. [music] See what they got. Um Oh, is that possible? I don't think so. Okay. Oh, well, there is one. You're right. This I wanted to try this though. Oh, because of the word fictional category. Yeah. Tea treat. Doesn't that sound yummy? Yes, it does. Turkey upside down shake. Yellow cake soft serve featuring 20s English. That is That looks good. Oh my goodness. Good. [laughter] Yellow cake soft serve. Um. Yes, please. Mhm. That sounds delicious. Wonder where the English tea is mixed in. I guess. Huh. Okay. Mhm. That might be a add to raspberry jam. Add to cart. [laughter] A look at the stitch. That's so cute. I love that. I know. Everything looks good, doesn't it? Oh, wow. Look at this punchback. That's so cute. Snow White. A Pluto's so cute. I love that. A Thanks. Thanks. You don't bite. Okay. Thanks. A look at him. He's so cute. Oh, Oswald is adorable. Julian would love that. White rabbit. Mom would love this one. Where's Oh, right here. A And that's the manageable size. Find a place on your wall for some. Totally. Look at Mickey taking a selfie. You're coming for the princess run next month. Yay. We'll be here. Yes, we'll be running. We will be. Okay. Or some version of Yeah, I was going to say or walking. You know, we'll be there. Yes, we [laughter] will. We got Rapunzel and Mr. Toad. So anyway, it was a young Quasimoto. Yes. Yes. All right. Let's see. Sorry. Well, oh my. What is that? That's not a line, is it? That's a line. Oh, I thought there was just people hanging [music] out like eating their food or whatever. Well, we're going to find out. Okay, this is the So, here's one of the cakes. That looks delicious. But then there's also the figment. Almost look like a throw. Yeah, that could be the line for the p the pigment. The figment popcorn bucket. Pigment. Figment. Figment. Pigment. But I know you can also get the rolled up cake. Yes, that's what I want to check on. Let's go see. It's really cute. It's super cute. Yeah, we need a bigger pop and then carry like, "Oh, I want it. I kind of want it." I know. But I have the first one, so I'm like, "I don't really need two." I know it's different, but you know, space. Yeah. Yes. Space. Space. You got to have it. Buckets. Figments inspiration station. Yeah. Let's go see what it looks like in there. And then yeah, I'm definitely Okay, there is a line. I don't know what it's for. Figment artist popcorn mobile order. Okay. Oh. Oh, they're waiting for their mobile order. Waiting for their mobile order to be called, I guess. Yeah. Okay. How are you? Oh my goodness. Uh-huh. And then wait here to get it. Yeah. This is the food line. This is better. Still long, but better. [music] Wowza. All right, guys. Well, [music] I don't think that's going to take a minute. All right. Well, I got her drink. [music] Oh my goodness. You can you can take the um paintbrush out and it lights up. That's cool. All right. This is It almost looks like there's [music] two lines on this side. No, I think there's two sides. Yep. [music] What was it? Oh, he said, "Oh, they have popcorn and and chicken and waffles." And I said, "You wouldn't like it because it's not like regular chicken waffles." It's in a cone. It probably tastes delicious, but I know that he wouldn't like it. I think I saw it. It's like a It's like a bubble waffle going in there. Yeah, it looks cool. So, it almost looks like you're eating, Tim. Festival of the Arts scares your credit card. That's funny. I mean, I'm not like it, but knowing what you like, I don't think you would like it. I would probably like it, but it wouldn't be my top choice. Let's go see. I think there's a booth over here. Let's go see what they have cuz that's going to take at least 15 to 20 minutes. [laughter] Um, also go check out, let's see, what do we have? Behind the Ride in Disney Demystified on Amazon. This is a book that you can buy. You can get the ebook, the hardcover copy, or you can get the audio book if you're getting um Disney Demystified. [music] So, again, these are books by David Munpower on Amazon. Go check them out, guys. Oh, there is [music] no line here. Let's go see what they got. Oh, now my ears are cold. [music] Oh, is that what this is? Oh, let's go check it. It was like a deconstructed. Oh, deconstructed. It looks really good to me. Here it is. Yeah. Oh, I can't have key lime pie. Darn it. Um, so it's got like Oh, belly soo [music] egg on onion bread pudding. Onion bread pudding and tomato jam. Oh, yep. Water press. I don't know what that is. Deconstructed key lime pie. Yeah, I would get that. I am too full for that right now. I kind of want a sweet sweet treat. [music] I have five weeks to save the monies. Yes, Tim. Save the monies. Grilled asparagus. You're hungry now? Well, it is about lunchtime or is lunchtime for most people sometimes. No, it's an art booth. Sometimes they'll put a booth there, but it's an art [music] booth this time. Thomas, I guess they're both Oh, wow. Art booths over here. Let's go to Thomas Concaid. Everybody loves Thomas Concincaid. [music] Dad loves key lime pie. I don't mind it. It just um it hurts my tummy. It's a lot of cream in there. You would like that booth. I want to try the BLT. That looked really good. Oh, look at the Frozen one. That's pretty. [music] Isn't that pretty? The 70th of Disneyland. Hi. These are all going to be [music] princesses right here. Princesses. Okay. Other movies will be down this way in our brand new art studio. Oh, thank you. Are you all the princesses? Oh, I love Mary Poppins. That's really gorgeous. This is pretty, too. [music] Yeah, I love Thomas Concaid. It's one of my faves, too. Oh, yeah. For our race. All right, let's go see. Let's go look at the new stuff. [music] I need that. You need You do need that. Agreed. That is really cool. She's learning. 42. The queen always wins. That's true. She does always win. Oh, gorgeous. Okay. I like that a lot. Hey, Danger Mouse. [music] Oh, I like this one, too. I also like the frame because it's a little more simple. Yeah. Finley is planning which merch she wants to buy as well. She may try to take you shopping. Sounds good. Let's do it. I like shopping. You would have never guessed. Okay, we have Oh, we have the Disneyland Main Street at Christmas and then we have the Disney World Main Street at Christmas. I want that. That is gorgeous. All three of them. I like the way. Yeah, that's just you this very low numbers. Okay. Oh, really? Oh, that's beautiful. All of them. All of them. I know. Chip and Dale. We got Pluto. She said these are going fast. So, if you want this one, you [music] got to get it. About 90% of these small ones. That's a good size. Do you see the tangled when they're looking at the castle? I like that. Very nice. That one's pretty. You actually put that in your suitcase. Yeah. Okay. That is cool. their own name. So pretty. I know. There's Durk. We got to meet him. He's super nice. One of the main artists. Thanks, Tracy. [music] I don't see prices on the little ones, but I like the big ones. It's like this one's 12,000 with the frame, but I don't see the prices on the little ones. That is I love the little puppies. Oh, that is adorable. Wow. This one's cute. Oh, it's a Muppet Christmas Carol. Oh, I love it. [music] Oh my word. Look, he's giving him bunny ears. That is so fun. This one is Oh, it's like Disneyland. [music] Disneyland. Yeah. Hi, Samantha. Love the lay in the Hi, Benjamin. All right. So, he must be was like son must be related somehow. Yeah. Interesting. Okay. I mean, he'll be here today. Oh, and then they also have these. These are of course cheaper. Um, these Okay. These are 49 for the prints. So, if you want to print, they're 49. These are 49. Uhhuh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then you just frame it yourself. There's the princess. So, if you want the land one, they do have it. I like the land one. I like the Montreal. I know. The Christmas. I also really like the Muppets Christmas or Mickey Christmas Carol. [music] Sorry. And then they have all of the Haunted Mansion [music] ones, too. All right. It's probably Well, let's head [music] this way. Oh, cool. They're signing. All right. Well, let's head up here to Communicore area or like I like to call it, Epcot Park. [music] Tim, you found things you're going to buy already. Love it. Love it. Love it. Same. Oh, here's another Lana card. This way. So, also go check out um dreamtable.co. dreamtable.co, guys, if you're wanting to um book a really hard to get [music] reservation. Dreamtable.co will help you find that reservation. All you have to do is go over there, put in your information and what restaurant you're [music] looking at. There's Wreck-It Ralph and um then they will notify you whenever that reservation becomes available. So again, dreamtable.co or you can find it on the app store as well. Okay. Oh, now my ears are cold. That wind. Yeah. Just a little. Uh-huh. Just a little. Keep bobbing that like button, guys. We're almost up to 700 likes already. And don't forget, we're going to be live at either 5:30 or 600 p p.m. Eastern. I didn't. So, tune in tonight for Friday Night Live with Josh and I. We'll both be here. This is kind of like your announcement video. Wanted to bring you a little sneak peek and we'll show you all of it later tonight. Got the pin traders over here. Everybody pin trading. Starbucks. That's where I'm going next. the next. That's right. It does not make the reservation for you. You go in and make it yourself at dreamtable.com. You bop the like but button. Good job. Good job. [music] Thanks, Kathleen. She liked the f the fun Friday night live announcement. It was live. That's right. Tim says it's an all day stream with a midday intermission. Exactly. 100% what it is. [music] There will not be music playing at the intermission. That's right. No music playing. you know, you can rewatch it and then, you know, a couple times and then we'll be we'll live we'll be live again or you can go back and watch my 10K vlog if you miss that. [music] All right, guys. So, we are going to call it for now. Like I [music] said, we'll be back later. Josh will be here for Friday Night Live and it'll be at again either 5:30 or 6:00 p.m. Eastern time. So, have your notification bells on. It's set at 6:00, but we could go early. So, [music] we'll see you guys there. Thanks to Shar for hanging out. It was fun. All right, everybody. Thanks again. Thanks to the moppers, the hoppers, the boppers, and of course the shoppers. [music] We'll see you later. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Bye-bye. [music] There you go. [music] [music] Everyone double check. [music] [music]
