---
video_id: HDQxtGuKtGI
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Tranquil Tuesday at Epcot - A Relaxing Evening - Walt Disney World Live Stream - 2-10-26"
published: 2026-02-24
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HDQxtGuKtGI
---
Is it >> but it's right outside? Yeah, >> I'm going to go Be nice and good for you. Mommy Hi. How are you? >> Well, hey everybody. It's Josh with Resort TV1. Welcome to Tranquil Tuesday here at Epcot. Thanks for joining us. If you're new to the channel, you know what to do. Hit the subscribe button right below the video. Hit that notification bell so you get notified every time we go live or have a new video. And follow us on social media. We're Resort TV1 on Facebook, Instagram, Tik Tok, and Twitter. Excuse me. Welcome in everybody. Pretty nice day here in Central Florida. We we've had a little bit of a cold front, but nothing like you guys had up north. So, we're we're all good. It's 58 right now. So, it's going to Let's see. This morning it was 37 tonight. This morning it was about 34. So colder than normal, but not bad compared to the blizzards up north. I hope you guys are staying um safe up there and enjoying your days off if you have them. Or if not, hopefully you're staying safe. So, I only have a little bit of evidence to show that it's going to be chilly tonight. >> Disney doesn't want to lose any more plants. They've already lost a lot of plants. So, they've got these covers over here. I'll show you. Yeah, it is a beautiful evening right here at Epcot. Check that out. So, they got the plants covered here. I probably left it that way all day. Anyway, they got those all over the place. Trying to save as many as they can. We'll see how they uh we'll see how they do throughout the park with especially with the flower and garden festival flowers. That's going to be really interesting to see how that works. So much snow in New Jersey Olaf would feel at home. Yeah. How many Okay. Uh for those of you up north, let us know. An inch inch counter. How many inches of snow did y'all get? Here we go. Ready? Hey Sean. Hey Annette. Resort budgeting. Amy. Hey Mara. So, of course, uh, Festival of the Arts was over yesterday, and so we have a a very rare regular day at Epcot with no festivals, a nonfestestival day, if you will. Look, there's nothing here except for these giant trees. One of these days, I I do hope they'll move those trees. It does kind of do a weird does kind of block spaceship Earth in a weird way. They're going to have to remove them at some point or it's going to completely block it. 21 in. Good grief. 10ish. Hello, Matt. Hey, Bryce. 22. Wow. 14 in Connecticut. I lost snow. I can see grass again. Whoa. Oh, yeah. Sean. Well, the good news is you you get to work from home, right? So, that's good. That's a that's a benefit there by itself. I would love that. But luckily, I uh I do get to do this here at Disney. So, that's pretty cool. 12 in. >> 18. >> 11. See what you guys got here. >> One foot. Dan says one foot there. >> That's a I mean that's a lot. That's a lot. 28.5 south of Boston. Wow. Only blizzards I like is from Dairy Queen. Heat wave in the UK. Oh my goodness. 24 in 7.5. >> Nice. >> Zero feet. Zero feet of snow. >> We missed the storm. We got 3 in. Yeah. depending on where you were. That was the big defining factor. >> Manoa J Libby Candy, how are you? >> How are we? Huh? A little bit of fabric here. Hey, James 15 in South Jersey. Yeah, I know. People were saying there was like a line, like a dividing line of how much snow you were going to get based on where you were. That's usually how it is based on when it freezes, how much turns into rain. Don't rub it in. I'm not rubbing anything in. No. Um, yeah, we definitely don't have any snow here, but that would be pretty cool, actually. I mean, you know, it would be newsworthy for sure. 27. Wow. 29 and a half. No internet. Wow. Finally, princess weekend. Yeah, I heard that's coming soon. Hey, Greg. Hey, Pirate Harry. Yeah, excuse me. Sorry. Am I uh throat is all froggy either way. That Yeah, that's pretty crazy. Oh, St. Topiary by Mission Space. Check that out. >> Trying to get some good sunny shots of Spaceship Earth here. Let's back up a little bit. That's pretty cool. Let me get a thumbnail that way. You get the sun shining on there. It looks nice. Rarely snows in Louisiana. Yeah, you guys got have gotten some snow, but yeah, it's not common, is it? 24 at Jersey Shore. Wow. Four and a half in the Poconos. Yeah, it really sounds like it really did depend on where you were. I mean, that's kind of obvious, but yeah, it's location specific. >> Winter break last week and two snow days. Yeah, not a lot of uh not a lot of education going on. The weather would the weather affects that sometimes. February does seem to be like a month off sometimes for a lot of people. We haven't had as much just cuz we've had a lot of kids going on field trips for different things. There we go. Look at that. That's a good shot. Just had to get back far enough. Yeah, that's nice. Excuse me. Cool. >> Well, I hope you guys are having a great day. Hey, if you're home, enjoy the time. Get some rest. Spend time with family. catch up on TV, watch some YouTube, and uh enjoy the time off. Stay inside. I know at some point you may have to shovel something, but be careful. They moved the days at the end. Yeah. Had half my thyroid removed with two limp nodes removed yesterday. Resting and watching this from my bed at home. Wow. Talk about a golden hour. Yes. When they move the days Yeah. to the end of the year, it's always always tough. Yeah. It's very golden. just talked with my mom's snowplow service. Yeah, not a lot of snow. >> Um, >> he's been running nearly non-stop. Not a lot of snow the last few years in two big storms. That's the problem with having a business like that. Obviously, you can't unless you live in a area that gets a lot of snow. You can't really you can't just do that. You have to um have something else that you do because obviously otherwise it's not solid enough. So, that is and can be for sure an issue. Well, I was going to do Spaceship Earth, but let's um let's see how the line looks from here. Kind of just chilling. Hey, prop patriot. We may come back to it. Direct flights from Orlando to Tokyo. No, that's cool. I I haven't actually looked for any flights for there. So, that's pretty cool if they do have a direct flight now. How fun. It's moving pretty good. Oh, wow. We'll get the jet in the sky. Hey, Linda and Dan. All right. Well, hey, let's go ahead and get Spaceship Earth. Why not? We're already here. >> Excuse me. It's a slower than train ride. >> Thank you. >> Okay. >> Just combined a ski trip. Friends just combined a ski trip with the Tokyo Disneyland trip. They had a great time. Nice. That works well. Excuse me. So then uh I will tell you there probably will be a little bit of lag on this cuz I I did cancel AT&amp;T, but I'm going to see how T-Mobile does by itself. We're going to we're going to let it shine. So we'll see. >> The the volume. >> Wow. Power company at 75,000 out. 5,000. Still no power. >> Yeah, that's the hard part when you're when you're dealing with that. That is the hard part. >> Excuse me. >> Cuz you know it gets pretty cold. >> Greetings from Martinsville. We're done with snow and in the dreamy phase of house shopping in Florida. Nice. Well, definitely check out. We've got uh our of course sponsor, which is us, uh, Resort TV1. They you may already be shopping there, but um we do offer that awesome service that can help you out. That's uh resorttv1homes.com. Again, resorttv1homes.com. We're brokered by EXP Realy and our awesome realtors will help you find your dream home here in Central Florida. Yeah, Martinsville, I know where that is. I used to go to IU. I go through Martinsville on the way to uh Indianapolis. Anyway, good stuff. Yeah. So hopefully everybody stays warm as much as possible. I know that's one of the reasons why we had fireplace up north. >> Oh, I didn't see it. Princess Kristen celebrating 28 months of resort hopper silver. So, Princess Kristen, 28 months reserve for silver. Hi, Josh. Happy Tranquil Tuesday. Wow. 28 months months as a channel member. That's crazy. That's super crazy. That's super crazy. Thanks, Princess Kristen. Appreciate that. >> And Friday, >> ride a tree. Maybe. We'll see. Who knows? >> We might. >> Yeah. Uh Saturday we are back. So I needed to like the dog and you have to back up the stream 10 or 20 seconds or so. It'll it'll uh help you avoid some of the lag. >> Well, that's true. Hey, Amory. Good to see you. >> Now, but we have right there. This is There's your next 30,000 years. That's right. That is a line in this ride. This is a line for the ride. That's a line in the ride. Dad jokes. Must be the ride. Must be stopping a lot. Trangle Tuesday. Exactly what I need right now. Working on a Minnie Mouse custom dress for a sweet girl for her Make a Wish trip. Oh, wow. Well, I'm sure it'll be amazing and thank you for doing that. Now, is that something you do as a like a a hobby or to help people out or is that something you do to um for somebody you know? >> That's pretty cool that you did that for her, whoever it was. >> Yeah, they cut the palm trees back really far. Yes. >> Sappire soon wants to know, can we ride the Mexico ride? Yes, we can. >> Yeah, you can see they cut these all back pretty far. So, >> I didn't even do it for >> that'll be all right. >> Oh, God. >> Yeah. Yeah, that way she's called >> Yep. Oh, yeah. They have tree experts for sure. But yeah, and I'm not sure. I didn't see it before they cut them back. I'm not sure if all of those fronds, that's the palm branches are technically called frrawns. I'm not sure if they um were all dead or if they just decided that with the freeze now is a good time. But yeah, these bigger trees, they're usually fine with the freezes. Oh, there's moving good. I like it. >> I like it. >> Thank you. Hi Ralph. Missed the stream for a couple weeks. Well, glad you're here, too. John Firo. Yeah. I'm not Ralph, by the way. But he, if you have watched the streams a while back, um, they had Ralph on my cookie order on the bag at Magic Kingdom one time. They kept calling Ralph for a cookie. And I stood there because, you know, it's not me. And finally, they were like, "Sure, what did you have?" And I was like, "Uh, cookie." Like, "This is yours." I'm like, "I'm Josh though." And they were like, "It's fine." Okay. Yeah, this will probably be a little laggy, but we'll see how it goes. >> Hey, Biz Magic Epcot Dawn. >> Oh, that's great. Wendy, she says she got a lot done. >> Oh, no. I'm not turning it on Japanese. Doors on your time machine will close automatically. For your safety, remain still your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the vehicle. And please watch your >> How many? >> Just one. >> Thank you. >> The sliding doors on your time machine will close. For your safety, remain seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside. All right, enjoy the ride. I will do my best with the lag. >> The sliding doors time for your safety. Remain seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the vehicle. Please watch your children. >> During your slow moving journey, your time machine will slowly rotate and make stop moment. For your safety, remain seated at all times. During your slow moving journey, your time machine will slowly rotate back and make stop for your safety. Remain seated at all times. carrier. Welcome aboard. On the map, you can show us where you're from. Now locate the monitor overhead. Make sure your face is clearly visible and place the smile. This is good. Sending the future. record time. So, let's travel back in time together. I'll show you how ancestors created the world today and then it will be your turn to create the world of tomorrow. Here in this hostile world, isn't it? We begin struggling to survive until we learn to communicate with one another. Now we can handle 15 and it takes 15,000 years to the next year recording our knowledge on cave moon. There's only one small problem. When we move, the recorded knowledge stays behind. Now, let's move ahead to ancient Egypt because something is about to happen here that will change the future for This unknown Egyptian pounding weeds fan is inventing paparazzi for planned design and unfortunately but it also brings with it the dawn of the greatest civilization. Each civilization which none of the others can understand. But the Phoenicians who trade with them have a solution. They create a simple common alphabet adaptable to most languages. Remember how easy it was to learn your ABCs. Thank the Phoenetians. They invented them. The ancient Greeks were great. First they establish public schools and then they teach you to learn what's important subject mathematics and income mechanical technology we enjoy All these are the railings of roads all over the new world the first worldwide race and it's leading us to You started we are A really important. >> But then we hit a roadblock. Rome falls and the great library of Alexandria in Egypt is burned. Much of our learning is destroyed and lost forever. So, >> it turns out that the copies of some of these books in the libraries of the Middle East being watched over by Arab and Jewish scholars backup system. The books are safe and with them are dreams of the future. In the meantime, here in Europe, monks tour endlessly recording books by hand. But that is about to change. In 1450, Gutenberg invents the movable type printing press. Now knowledge can travel as fast as these new books. and travel. They do It's made it easier to invent the new field and the result is an incredible explosion of innovation we call the Renaissance. Christmas. Ladies and gentlemen, our time travels have been momentarily delayed. Please remain seated. Your time machine vehicle will begin moving again at any moment. Please remain seated. We'll resume our journey shortly. Thank you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. >> Please remain seated. Your vehicle will begin moving immediately. Remain seated, please. Our trap will resume. Most important books were just the beginning. Now communication technology races head into the future and soon people all over the world are sharing life's most important moments faster than ever before. Extra extra please over extra extra America from the west to the Pacific North to witness the driving of the golden spider. Railroad America. I'll connect you. and a memory of her daring de will assure her response in deviations for the moment of star. That's one small step for man, one for the other. >> To save the land to the moon, we have to invent a new language. Spoken not by hand, but by computers. At first, very large, very expensive computers. But we see the potential. What if everyone could have one of these amazing machines in their own house? This is not a problem. They're as big as a house. The young people with a passion for shaping the future put the power of the computer in everyone's hands. Together we form a super network that flows with billions of interactions. And once again, we stand on the brink of a new reaction. Let's have some fun creating the future, shall we? On your computer screen, answer a few questions for us. Then we'll show you a new world custom made just for you. Ready? Ladies and gentlemen, our time travels have been momentarily delayed. Please remain seated. Your time machine vehicle will begin moving again at any moment. Please remain seated. We'll resume our journey shortly. Thank you. Please remain seated. Your vehicle begin moving immediately. Remain seated please. Our travels are resumeuming now. Well done. Now let's add some amazing new technology and we have well done. Now along with our answers, let's share with some amazing new technology that we haven't known about. No, I don't know. And now I believe your future is just about ready. Let's take a look, shall we? Welcome to the future. Or should I say your future in your future? >> Here in the future, your home in the city will be a smart home that automatically knows what you want. Almost as soon as you do, your closet will be like a personal stylist picking outfits based on your preferences and what's on your calendar for the day. If you believe that's a smart look, powerful network family card. Your smart home has everything organized to help you start. >> The world will literally be at your fingertips because your home's information network lets you view your daily planner almost anywhere even before. Of course, your smart home is already set for your automated car which takes you where you want to go while you relax and enjoy a beautiful view of the future. the end, or should I say the beginning of your future. So, here's for the next 30,000 years on safety road. While no one knows for sure what you'll see or do, I do know it is quite an adventure. An adventure that we'll take and make together. See you in a few minutes. We >> welcome back time travelers. Now we invite you to visit project tomorrow where new ideas and innovations are being developed to make the world a better place. Your vehicle doors will open automatically. Please, please keep your hands away from the doors and step carefully onto the moving platforms, guys. Have a good night. All right, there you go. Spaceship Earth >> actually wasn't too bad. Signal was pretty good. So, I'd say good job, T-Mobile. All right. Just coming aboard. We got 29 in. Let me on Long Island. Wow, that is that is a lot. There I am. That's a lot. I don't know that we ever got that much in Indiana at a time. I think 24 about 2 feet was the most we ever got. That was a lot, but still. >> You guys beat that by a decent amount. >> All right, cool. Let me uh now that we're outside, we'll turn up the quality all the way. No, I think that went really well. Good. Definitely don't need to uh pay a monthly fee for AT&amp;T when T-Mobile does that well with it. All right, here. Let's go over here and we'll watch uh space I can't talk. Spaceship Earth shows. >> Shout out from Emily and Brendan in North Attboro, Mass. Hello Emily and Brendan. How are you? Welcome in. >> Dino says, "Good evening and thank you as always for the stream." You're welcome. Hi. >> Hi. >> How are you? >> Hello. >> Watch you like every day. >> Oh, that's awesome. Thank you. >> Yeah, you're from Brazil. >> Okay. >> Yeah. My dad is like watching your videos. >> You want you want to watch you want you want to say hi to him? >> Yeah. >> Oh, hi. He's hosting you. >> Yeah. Where is Jonah, your sister? Where is Jonah? >> Uh, she doesn't come on Tuesdays. Usually just me. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> Yep. >> She was live yesterday on Monday, but you guys having fun. >> Yeah. Yeah. Excellent. Here. >> Oh, very good. >> Where's our TV line, too? >> Oh, thank you. That's amazing. Where where in Brazil? >> Uh, S. Paulo. >> S. Paulo. Okay. Very cool. I have a lot of students at my school from Brazil, so that's why I was asking. >> Yeah. Nice to see you. >> Nice to see you as well. >> Enjoy your trip. Bye. >> All right. Very cool meeting people from all over the world. Super cool. >> I love it. >> Let's see if we can get We're going to watch the show here in a second. I don't know which show is up, but we'll we'll see. There we go. Thanks for this gift. Oh my goodness, Nancy. You're welcome. I love that you guys see my streams as a gift. How fun. We have about four minutes till our next Spaceship Earth show, but in the meantime, we can enjoy this. 38 inches of snow in Rhode Island. Yikes. That's a lot of snow. >> Wow. >> Sorry to hear that. But hopefully you get to stay home. Maybe not. I don't know. But be careful if you have to go out. I'm sure the snow plows are operating at least on the major routes, but I'm sure 38 in. Even the snow plows are having trouble with that. So, I have to get back online and see Spaceship Earth. I lost power yesterday morning. Got it earlier this afternoon. That's good. Our total, wow, 37.9 at Rhode Island Airport. My gosh, the Rhode Island got hit hard. Moansie sent $10 on PayPal. Thank you, Mo Banshee, for doing that. Really appreciate it. >> 40. My gosh, that's crazy. Anybody have a Do you watch the weather? They talk about Was it a record or something? That's crazy. >> How crazy. >> Need a Walt Disney World vacation? Well, you can talk to our sponsors, mikytravels.com. Again, that's mickeyras.com. They will help you plan your next trip right here to Walt Disney World. Mickeyas.com. There's an awesome diamond earmarked agent. That's the highest rating an agency can achieve, which means that they've done business well for the last I don't know. I don't I should I should know that, but a long time. For the last long time. Anyway, cool stuff. beat the record in 78. Wow. Yeah, we Indiana had a blizzard in 78 as well. I was not around for that one. 2 minutes. Fellow Rhode Islanders still digging out. Yeah, for sure. Sounds like it. Sounds like a thing. >> Pretty nice here. Not bad at all. >> Yeah, the the winds were crazy. I heard you you guys some of you guys up there had hurricane force winds but with snow. That's crazy. I mean, hurricane is 74 mph plus. So, all the Florida people were trying to say we're trying to like wrap our heads around it. We're like, wait, it's like a hurricane except snow. It's a snow. I know bomb cyclone was the word they used actually or something, but that's crazy. Somebody said out at sea there was like a partial cyclone type storm happening. >> Josh, you're so you're you're the man. You're so good at what you do. Talk to our sponsors. Yeah. Hey, why not? I don't know if I'm that good, but I try. All right. Uh I think it's time for an official Resort TV on snowfall measurement for Orlando Florida. Yes. Okay. The official snowfall measurement for Orlando, Florida is zero. official at this spot in Epcot right now. The snowfall total is zero. >> 75 mph. Yeah, it's hurricane winds. It's crazy. You usually you don't get those kind of winds in the hurricanes. We're um 54 right now, so not bad. People got jackets on, but you know, it's it's fine. This morning it was colder, though. This morning it was 50. It was uh 34. Feels like 28. Here we go. Oh, I love this one. Heat. Heat. Just make me a seat. Tight of a seat that's reaching up to meet you. land is too heship. history the world to me. That's coming. Heat. Heat. We call it time. How amazing. I think Leslie said the the retro vibes are strong. That is super cool. Yes, indeed. >> Accurate. >> Yeah. So good. I'm glad they put that show in. Every time there's not a festival, they have that show in, which is nice. Extra nice. I hope you guys are enjoying the stream tonight so far. >> Tranquil Tuesday is in full effect. >> All of you as a family. Yes, agreed. Streamfinder, one of the best shows indeed that they created for this magical geosphere. It's awesome. All right, for my pin my pin peeps out there, let's do a little pin update. It doesn't look very busy, so I should be able to get in there and show them to you fairly clearly. The purple light, that's probably just one that got stuck or something. Thank you. >> Ryan said they got three to four inches of snow, but it's melted now. Yes. >> Well, that's good. Hey, Jedi Master. Yeah, the 3 to 4 in that that goes away pretty quick as long as the sun comes out and it gets warm generally. Oh, so these are like mystery packs. That's cool. Adventure Land, Guardians, Lion King, Character Folding, Fans, Up, Toy Box, Alice, Imaginative icons, Princess, Villains, all kinds of stuff. What's that one at the bottom? Magical chefs. >> Fun. >> Do you ever do the American Adventure? would like to, but they don't usually allow filming on it. It's It's one of those things that they don't usually allow. So, unfortunately, I would love to. It's one of my favorite shows, but no. Alas, I do not usually. I think the main reason they don't allow it is cuz it's so dark in there that if people were filming it and not being courteous and not turning their brightness down, it would be a huge issue. So, they can't, you know. So, I totally get it. Like, it's probably a good reason. They can't they can't allow it for, you know, one person and not for everybody else. Like, it's got to be the same rules. We were We were in the heart of the storm, North Attboro, Mass, right next to Providence. Wow. Crazy. Crazy. The anniversary for the Star Wars trailer is December. I'm not sure what that means, but it sounds cool. We will go on. Agreed. I I have been around long enough to know that things usually get better after they get worse. Things have a way of getting better. The YouTubes have been fairly difficult with the way their algorithm has been working, but uh I see it getting better. So, >> 50th anniversary. That's cool. I did. I actually I think I knew that at one point, but I don't remember. That's pretty cool, though. Well, thank you to almost 2,000 people for being here right now. That means a lot. I really do appreciate you. Let's go. So, uh, let's go ride a couple other rides here. >> Now, we did have some other requests. I don't think we always have to like stay away from thrill rides on Tranquil cuz I know to me sometimes riding a thrill ride is tranquil. However, it is a tad not bad. It's a tad chilly. It might be chilly on test track if you get going really fast. Thus, motorcycle drivers often wear jackets when it's warm outside. Um, but I think I could probably manage. Just depends on how long the line is. That'd be the one thing. 75 for test track right now. Ratatouille is only 40. Maybe we'll do Ratatouille tonight. That'd be fun. In the meantime, let's go. We got to go. We got to go list listen to the land. Living with the land. We got to do all that. So, let's do that first. Let's live with the land. >> Hey, Mom and Dad. How are you? Welcome in to both mom and dad. There we go. So, they've got the uh stage show here in Communicore Hall, of course, closed up. They're going to start getting ready for um Flower and Garden Fest, and I'm sure they'll have a display in there, too. So, you know, good news is Communicore Hall, I think, has been put to pretty good use. Um, it's just one of those things where people didn't know at first what it was going to be used for. Um, so I'm glad that it's being used well. I think I don't think anybody has as big of an issue with it anymore. Look at that. Isn't that cool how Okay, so like the lighting package everywhere it's it's unified again. Those are the details. I think if they just get Oh, and all changed at the same time. I think if they would just get some of the other stuff fixed like the uh the Spaceship Earth logo, maybe add some things that would be good. Add some uh SC spaceship Earth show starting. Add uh some fiber optics. I think that would be good. But yeah, otherwise it looks nice. Videos of American exists. Uh let's see. But if you're making money as a park video streamer, you have to buy all the rules especially. Yeah, I I think that's probably true. I I mean, I would abide by the rules either way. Um there have been times when I have just cast members, you know, are pretty cool as long as you're nice to them and follow the rules and stuff. And so there have been times when I've asked permission to do things even before I streamed. Uh like I got to have a private viewing of the Canada movie one time. They didn't have to do that. But when the Canada movie, the original one was going away, I really loved the musical score from that and I just could never get a crowd-free quiet recording of it. So, a friend of mine and I, we went right during Illuminations back in the day, and we actually asked the cast member, uh, well, sorry, we we thought we were going to get because Illuminations, most people would want to would want to, uh, that's a nice display. Most people want to be watching fireworks. We thought, well, if we watch it during Illuminations, the last show starts at like right before 9:00, we'll probably be fine. We'll probably be the only ones in there, right? Well, unfortunately, um, a family with young kids walked in right at the end. And of course, you know, again, they had every right to be there. No, no issue at all. But it was just bad luck, right? So, I'm not complaining about other people experiencing attractions. It's just we thought we were going to have it to ourselves and then we didn't. And of course, they had young kids. They got restless. It was late. They didn't know what it was. It's a whole thing. So, it's fine. So, afterwards, there was a cast member in there. He saw we had like, you know, microphone recorder, all that stuff. And he goes, "Were you guys trying to record that?" We said, "Yeah." Uh, you know, it was hard. And they were like, we were like, "Is there any way we could get in here at some point like early or something and see, you know, without people?" And he was like, "Well," he's like, "I work tomorrow, actually, tomorrow morning as well." I said, "Oh, man. You close and open." He said, "Yeah, it's all right. It's, you know, it's plenty of time." And so because you close at 9:00 and you open at 11:00, he said, "But if you can be there," I'll tell my manager, "If you can be there at 10:30 a.m., we'll make sure you get a private viewing of it." Uh because there's a they have to do a test run of it just to make sure it's all good. And so he So we asked him and he was like, "Yep, we can do it. I'll I'll give your names to the uh person who's going to be out front and when they're ready to do the test showing, we'll bring you guys in and you can you can record it with no no uh no crowd noise. And I did it. We did it. My friend Jeff and I haven't seen Jeff for a while, but uh so if you ever hear the crowdfree recording of O Canada, the original one, that was Jeff and I that did that. It's been passed around a lot. Um, I just we just put it out there. It's on our channel actually. There's an O Canada movie that's very early that I used that audio on the recording. I took out the audio from the video I filmed and then Jeff used it. Martin, if you've seen Martin's Ultimate Tribute videos, he used our recording. So, that's pretty cool. What are the crowds usually like mid July? Busy. Not as busy as like Christmas or Easter, but busy. Anyway, it was very nice of the cast member to uh to allow us to do that. So, my point is sometimes if I ever really wanted to film American Adventure, like if if I went at the right time or asked the right person, they might allow and they might not. I don't know. But you you just have to ask nicely and if they say no, then you and then you respect that and you move on >> because that if you know the rule is the rule and if they decide to allow you to bend it, then that's their choice. >> All right. Anyway, I'm going to take a real quick restroom break and then we'll be back to live with the land. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. What do you understand? Ah, there's Pluto. >> All right, welcome back. I'm glad you're all here. >> Excuse me. All right. >> Welcome, man. >> Thank you. Didn't take very long to get around here. Almost a walk-on. Okay. Right into this middle name. >> Thank you. Let's get tranquil. Let's take a look. Three people here. Yeah. Are you comfortable stepping into the boat? >> Friends, you're going to go down to the back gate for me. You're going to be in 10. Get in, y'all. Let's learn about lettuce. I agree. Let's do it. >> One. Can I ask for the front? That'd be okay. everyone. That's not >> We'll see how it goes. Bill Cronin is here. He says, "Uh, who's holding our face in line at Saurin?" Oh, I don't know. >> What? And off we go. As you please leg at all Parents, please supervise your children and refrain from flash or use. Thank you. Now, sit back, relax, and enjoy living. Thank you. Number seven. >> Yeah, we're missing missing five. I have a six girl. Congratulations. Voyage discovery awareness of the gracious anniversary nature. Our journey ends and sudden changes are sweeping over the land. The approaching storm may seem violent and destructive to us to nature. The surface of the wind Initiate trap water extracting precious neutral design. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. In the desert, nature has created a very different, no less beautiful living system. And while this arid landscape may seem lifeless, it is very much alive. The plants and animals that have learned to survive in these harsh conditions make use of what little water they can find and avoid the scorching rays of the relentless sun. The American prairie once appeared as desolate as the desert. But over time, rain water and nutrients gradually penetrated the hard surface of this land. Even the foods of the mighty buffalo helped create the rich one day to the American. Of all the forces at work on the land, humans have had one of the most profound effects. The need to produce food for a growing world led to enormous use and sometimes overviews on the land. In our search for more efficient ways to grow food, we often fail to realize the impact of our methods. Today we're learning to live with the land, discovering better ways to grow food that will assure both human and environmental wellbeing. and planting crops that form on salt water. >> In Japan, we're learning that by mixing leaves and other living materials into our soil, we can make farmland more fertile without the need for chemicals. Here at Epcot, we're learning to reduce the need for chemical pesticides by breeding and using natural predators like ladybugs and wasps to control pests. >> In the farmlands across America, we're learning that by plowing under vegetation containing natural fertilizers, we can enrich the soil without the use of chemicals. In average regions, we're learning to produce food on desert sea coasts by developing and planting crops that thrive on salt water. In Japan, we're learning that by mixing leaves and other living materials into how will we meet tomorrow's growing needs for food production yet still respect the needs of the land? Some of the answers are being discovered just ahead. To help us maintain these carefully controlled ecosystems and for your safety, please remain seated in your boat at all times. on both sides. Welcome to our living laboratory where scientists from Epcot and the US Department of Agriculture are exploring innovative ways to produce bountiful harvests now and into the future. The tropics are home to the greatest diversity of plants on the planet. Many of these like papaya, bananas, cacao, coffee, and rice are well known around the world. These are just a few of the edible plants that have been an important source of nutrition for people living in the tropics. Many are rich in vitamins and minerals, while others are well adapted to growing in less than ideal conditions. Some, like the water, thrive in wet swampy areas or waterways. All parts of this plant, even the flower petals are edible. The starchy root of the plant has long been used to make flour for baking. One day, many of these lesserknown tropical plants may be as important as the bananas growing on both sides of the boat. More than 28 billion tons of bananas are eaten annually, making it the most popular fruit in the world. When you probably don't or nearly half of all the ones you see here. the system. As a result, we're able to save billions of gallons each year. Our small fish producing nearly 5,000 lb of fish each year to serve restaurants. Innovations like this play an important role in our efforts and still protect natural resources. I know. While there are more than 50,000 edible plant species in the world, most of us are only familiar with the handful that make up our everyday diet. The common grains growing here, wheat, mazize, sorghum, and millet, plus rice, account for nearly 2/3 of our global food consumption. Learning how to increase yields of these staples is an important goal of research around the world. 9bs. >> Yes, >> these plants are definitely on their way up. Innovative growing techniques like these increase yield while more efficiently using resources like water, fertilizer, and pesticides. Another innovation at work here is our integrated pest management program. By populating our green houses with beneficial insects that prey on harmful pests like aphids and flies, we are significantly reducing our reliance on conventional pesticides. We're growing these crops using our nutrient film system. This technique precisely controls and recycles water and nutrients. With it, we can produce over 27,000 heads of lettuce a year in this one small area. Maybe tomatoes tomatoes tomato. >> The future of agriculture may grow. >> Some of our best ideas have been inspired by nature like these fruit and vegetable trees. By growing these ground plants vertically, we can increase yields and better control diseases. These crops taste as good as they look. In fact, we serve more than 15 tons of produce from our green houses and restaurants here at the land every year or less. In our lab, Epcot scientists are working with the US Department of Agriculture on a number of innovative products. The goal of these efforts is to produce higher yielding and better quality plants. The future of agriculture may include innovative ideas like this vertical growing system. Plants grown in this way use a fraction of the space required by traditional growing methods that saves water and increases production. The aquaponic system on your left combines hydroponics with aquaculture. The fish provide a natural source of fertilizer for the plants and the plants help keep the water clean for the fish. It's another great way to produce more while using less. In our lab, Epcot scientists are working with the US Department of Agriculture on a number of innovative projects. The goal of these efforts is to produce higher yielding and better quality quantities of foods that we all rely upon. Together, we can continue to find more ways to increase food production and protect our precious natural environment. Holy f will be truly living with the land. On behalf of Walt Disney World, we hope you've enjoyed this unique journey through our living. If you'd like a closer look, then check out the behind the scenes tour. It's a chance. These green houses represent just a fraction of the work they've done worldwide under this harvest for a growing population. Please keep your hands in. Scientists, farmers, and even backyard gardeners are doing their part to improve the quantity and quality of foods that we all rely upon. Together, we can continue to find more ways to increase food production and protect our precious natural environment. Only living with the land. On behalf of Walt Disney World, we hope you've enjoyed this unique journey. If you'd like to check out the behind the scenes walking tour, it's a chance for the whole family close. Please keep your hands and feet inside the boat and remain seated until the boat comes to a complete stop. Waffles for breakfast tomorrow. Happy birthday. For your safety, please remain behind the yellow line until the call comes to a court stop. Welcome to Living with the Asather. Hope you guys enjoyed living the land. Always great. >> Of course, it's nice at night, but it's also nice channel. >> Oh, thank you so much. Appreciate it. Um, always nice at night, but it's even nicer at night when it has the lights, but we have to wait till November for that, but it's still great. All right, escalator is out of service, so we get to exercise. That's always a good thing. I guess you can always choose it, right? Okay. Yeah, Big Thunder will be back though. Somebody said they miss Big Thunder so much. Yeah, it'll be back. We don't know when, but it's supposed to be spring, so we'll see like exactly when they bring it back, but yeah, it's going to be good. Okay. Yeah. Sorry about everybody having to shovel. I know that's no fun. It is good exercise, but it's still no fun. >> Satisfying after you get it done. I've done it several times. Obviously, not here. Hey, Mega Byron. Yeah, that's what it is. Tranquil Tuesday with Josh. So, the music playing right now, by the way, is um >> Last of the Moheakans. >> That is a definitely underrated soundtrack. Last of the Moheakans. Man, I don't even know that I like the movie's fine. Obviously, it's supposed to be historical and things, and that's fine. It's always good to have good historical movies and stuff, but that soundtrack is just unreal. >> Hi, Disney Dime. >> All right. Yep. Yeah, we're from Vincens's originally. That's right. I did a stream there one time. >> Nice seeing you on Friday night before Starlight started. My kids were so excited to see you. They didn't think we'd get a chance since it was the last day. Well, I'm glad that it worked. Glad that it worked out. Well, we got to see you guys. having to use the stairs. Land is doubling as the life and health pavilion. Hey, why not? Why not? All right, so I need to switch connection real quick to save some battery. I'll be right back. Be like just a little quick little lag. And here we go. We're back. >> Oh, Bill. I I don't think you offended anybody. I didn't see anything bad. All good, man. Relax and enjoy. I mean, I may have just not seen it, but I think we're fine. We're all fine here, as they say on Star Wars. Okay. So beautiful there. Micro is going to get a new lawn mower. Huh? Is that one of those uh robot mowers? kind of like a Roomba but for your yard. It's a yard Roomba. The lag was just a snap of the fingers. You're very welcome. Or or Great job. Thank you. You're welcome. I don't know. Sorry, I'm a little out of it. Isn't that beautiful? They got the dance party going on behind me, which as normal, there's about 15 or 20 people there. I still don't get the dance party thing. But hey, I think it somebody had the idea and they just were like, "No, we're we're we're riding it into the ground." But the LOL between festivals is nice. Let's do a little uh hop and a skip and a jump around. We'll showcase. Ooh, check this out. So, they've got all of the uh Flower and Garden Festival flowers covered here. Yeah. >> Look at that. >> How many steps did I get on my old day stream? I didn't even look. I My step counter is usually not accurate because I'm not moving my arms as much as a regular person would walking. >> This is cool. You don't usually see this, but hey, they don't want to have to replant. That was a lot of work. I would I would um would definitely not be surprised. I don't think it's going to be down to in the 30 or I don't think it's going to be down to freezing tomorrow, but you can still have frost. So, >> are the lights new? Uh which lights? I don't know. So, here's the color. That's cool that they left the last one up here. How fun. It's not quite I know it is. It's finished. Check this out. >> The gimbal I use a mosa mini me. Mosa Mini MX. Sorry. Totally agree with the dance party. I just left Epcot and could hear it up front. Yeah. >> So cute. >> So, sorry. It's a Mosa Mini MX. It's not something you can buy anymore, I don't think. That's pretty cool. >> It actually looks better if you step back a little bit. >> Protecting the pretty plants. My GMA covers the trees like this and it works. They don't freeze or die. Nice. Your grandma. Okay. Sorry. I got the grandma. Well, how you doing? Proud patriot. That's good to know. Oh, look. There's even like a looks like a a tree or a bush that's covered here. Well, no, it does work. It honestly does. We used to do it, too. We had a Robelini palm and those are pretty susceptible to freezes and they even told us when we bought it at Lowe's that you'll need to cover it. Uh and I saw somebody in our neighborhood that did not do that and uh it definitely died. The bigger palm trees are more hearty. They will stand um a couple freezes and they'll be fine. They might kill some of the fronds, but they'll be fine anyway. >> All right, guys. >> Oh boy. These are a little a little wilty, but Um, >> we'll see how it goes this morning. Oh, sorry. I think I didn't get a chance to say it, but or didn't get a chance to finish the thought, but uh this morning my my phone said 34. Feels like 28. Uh, so it was pretty cold this morning, I think. Um, but it's not too bad now. >> Might be a Oh, you're right. It could be a topiary. That makes a lot of sense. I definitely don't want those to die. That's a That's a lot of work making those. But I I don't think with it being this late in the season, you know, with it being so close to March, you don't have too much issue usually. >> So, all right. Well, let's go over and see if we can ride a tree. We don't normally get to do that. >> And uh we'll go from there. There is the boat. I stayed at Polynesian a couple weeks ago and they were ripping out all the plants that died. Very sad. Yeah, I know there's a lot of plants. I I doubt they'll be all replaced. I mean, I can't even blame Disney on that. I can't imagine how much that would cost. They lost I don't know. I mean, they probably lost I'm just making a very wildly uneducated guess here, but they lost I'd say probably well over a million dollars in plants, maybe more, just cuz plants are expensive, first of all, especially if they're, you know, more rare varieties and stuff like that. They have to be grown and taken care of in a greenhouse. Somebody has to do all that work. So, you got to pay for that. Anyway, oh, there goes the boat. >> Rey's regular iss 45. Okay, cool. We'll we'll check this angle. Cool. Well, I hope you guys are enjoying the stream. Oh my gosh. >> Very, very kind. We've got a Dominican marine with a $50 super chat. Wow. Uh Josh, I need your expertise. >> Should I get a GeForce 5080 RTX uh >> for 9? >> Okay, got you. >> 1500 or bite down and buy a 5090 for 2,000 or buy a 57 for 800 bucks. Oh, wow. Well, thank you first of all Dominican Marine for that $50 uh super chat. I don't want to take away from your graphics card money, but uh congrats on the tax refund. That is always always nice to get. Um, I think we should be getting a good one this year, too, because some of the tax laws changed to help us out a little bit, which is good. >> So, um, anyway, but, uh, who' have thought government did something that helped people. What? But anyway, no. So, uh, but anyway, thank you, Dominican Marine, for that very much. So, let's talk about your your query here. Depends on what you're going to do with it. I think it depends on what you're going to do with it. So, if you're going to play >> if you're going to play games and you're just going to enjoy playing games, a 5070 will do it for 800 bucks. That'll totally do it. It'll it'll it'll last you for a long time. They've got um they've got the AI upscaling and they've got the frame generation and all that stuff. And from what I understand from the tech YouTubers, it's actually really really good. Now, it doesn't you can't even tell that it's upscaled or anything, but the 50 5070 will play most games that you could ever think of at 1440p and sometimes at 4K. Um, sometimes the 5070 probably doesn't do 4K at very high frame rates, but anyway, you can do it with the frame gen. Now, if you want to play in 4K, every game of 4K, you probably should get a 58 or your 5090. 5090 will play everything in 4K. Uh, 5090s are so expensive, though. Now, if you're going to do any AI, I found out doing some AI generation. I did a really cool video of uh Walt and Lillian the other night with AI, which I thought was really cool. I'll tell you guys more about that later. Uh I'm not going to post it. It was just for my fun thing. I don't actually I don't actually like people posting videos of somebody like it was just for me, right? It was just for me to try it. I don't want to post the video and then people might think it's real. So, but either way, the point is >> um >> I have a 3060 Ti. It's only got 8 gigs of RAM >> and it makes it hard to generate videos too much because the models don't fit in the RAM. So, tech talk. Uh, if you have the 50, the 5090 especially has a ton of memory like what 24 or 32 gigs I think. Anyway, the point is that thing will you won't need another graphics card for a long time. So, if you're if you're not averse to spending that much money, good luck if you can find one for $2,000. I I think that's hard to do. Uh, but if you can find one for that price and you really want to do AI with video picture generation, especially video, um, you know, the 5090 is probably your best bet. It's going to be the fastest. Um, but yeah, otherwise it just depends on what you want. If you're not doing AI and you're just playing games, 5070 will work. So, there you go. All right. I looked at getting I looked at getting a used 3090 just to do more render my videos faster, but even those are 900 bucks, so I'm like, eh, I don't know. All right. Sorry for all the tech talk. My whole PC was 800 bucks. See, I've got a 3060 Ti, which is fine for me for now. Yeah. Oh, yeah. 5060. 5070. Make sure it's 16 gig. Yes, you always want more. Um, more is not always better unless you're talking about RAM. 1080 Ti holding on for dear life. >> Unless you're streaming while playing highend games, 5070 is a great card. It really is. A feels art from real artists. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Um in some ways and I think in some ways it, you know, it's interesting for sure. I don't use it for posting. If I were to use it, I think some of the things I would use it for would be taking my existing stuff and and changing it. So, I'm only basically stealing for myself. You know, like I would like, you know, there's times when you can use like Adobe has like a frame like an AI extend feature. So, say for instance, I didn't film quite enough of a scene and it's mostly stationary. Uh AI can do an extend of that pretty easily with slight motion, right? So, say I'm filming like Spaceship Earth at the end of the day and I needed a little bit more time to say some narration. the AI could like extend it. So, I think in that way, generative AI can be pretty helpful and and you're not, you know, you're not stealing from anybody but yourself. So, yeah, I don't know. Anyway, I definitely don't want to get to that debate, but yeah, >> connect just bought a HP Omni 32 in Ultra 7 64 gig 2 terb. Nice. Anyway, well, I'm sure you know, everybody's got their opinions about AI, and I probably agree with a lot of you, but I just thought it would be fun to play with. I'm not planning on using it, posting it that much. Like I said, unless it's to extend something I do. I I already use it a little bit. Um, sometimes I'll have a really great picture, but there's like a person in the middle of it. I think everybody does that. And then you just use the AI um generative fill u to um erase it, erase the person, and it's like that's great, right? So, I think there are certain ways it's really useful. >> So, that's all I use it for right now. >> There's been some pictures where yeah, it's like so close to perfect and there's like two people's heads in the shot that I didn't see or that I couldn't avoid. And it's like, erase, erase, erase. Get you the maple popcorn. Yes, I will work on that. >> Oh, Dominican Marine. I don't know if all my rambling helped, but like a lot of people said in the chat, if you're just playing games, 5070 is pretty good card. >> No AI, Jenna. No, that we would never replace ourselves with that. And I'm not a fan of how it seems to have made it so that all these companies want to buy all the hardware and now there's no hardware for people to buy. like all the all the tech companies are just making hardware for AI um you know basically data centers and that's uh rough. So you know makes it hard for regular people to buy computer parts. I I'm not a fan of that. >> So but let's go back and we'll finish up here at France. Not finish up but we'll go down to France and we'll look at Ratatouille. I right now I'm thinking I didn't get a lot of sleep Sunday night into Monday. I don't know why. I had a lot to do. Went to bed late and then when I did get to bed I just like couldn't sleep. It's not normal for me if I ate something weird or what happened. But my heart was like racing and I was just like not sleeping. So I may end before fireworks tonight if that's okay with everybody. I think I may take a rest tonight. I'm just really really feeling tired. I actually almost almost had an accident on the way home from school cuz I do almost dozed off while I was trying to drive. So, it woke me up pretty good. Luckily, I didn't. But anyway, so I think I'll probably go home early. Too much coffee. No, I don't drink coffee. Uh just soda, which I hadn't had that much that day. So, I don't know. Either way, I'm probably going to rest up tonight if that's okay. I slept pretty good last night, but it seems like I'm still behind. Interesting. >> No, no, that's when I walked away. >> It takes a couple days, I think, to catch up. >> So, normally I would watch fireworks, but I've been kind of, you guys were joking around about me falling asleep, and today's the day that I feel like I actually could. Like, on Living with the Land, everybody was joking around about that. I was like, uh, the only time I ever actually fell asleep for a little bit on stream was Carousel of Progress. Thanks, guys. >> Mandy says she doesn't like the nighttime show that much anyway. I like it, but yeah, I mean it. It's not like I can't see it again sometime, right? It's not going anywhere for a little while. This is I I'm very lucky. This is not like my my one day to see it, right? I'll I'll see it next week or the week after. But either way, I'm here for now. So, let's do some rides in the meantime. Definitely feel the cool air coming in. >> It's not bad, but it's just noticeable. >> Okay, >> together again. >> Love Luminous, but by all means, take care of yourself. >> Really appreciate all you do. You've even given us a 24-hour stream for whenever we want to watch. Oh, thanks, JBX. Yeah, I do have that. And I'm going to have the ride stream coming pretty soon. You guys, by the way, thank you for supporting the 24-hour stream so much. It's been unbelievable how much you guys have been watching the 24-hour stream. It's really picked up lately. And the more you watch it, the more YouTube will recommend it to other people. So, big big big thanks for that. It's really really appreciated. Um, so yeah, Eli, congrats on 28 months of Resort Hopper Bronze. Hi Josh. Hi Eli. Thanks for being 28 months. That is amazing. Who hasn't fallen asleep on carousel progress? I mean, you know, Dapper, does she scare you? >> Boo. >> It's over. >> All right, here we go. I do need to um >> let's just see what it looks like. I mean, we have time. I do need to switch back to my other connection. I guess I should have left it on, but you know, hindsight's 2020. All right, here we go. Be right back. just Mickey Mack. Definitely a 24-hour stream junkie. Watch it every night. Nice. Wait, is this closed? Is it Is the single closed? Cuz if not Oh, wait. Oh, the whole thing's closed. Oh, it all closed. All right, never mind. I'm not going to switch anything. All right, >> they just shut it down. Okay, >> yeah, it literally must have just shut down cuz there was a wait time posted just a minute ago. All right, cool. Well, we'll just keep going then. So, Ratatouille is currently closed. Well, I'm so glad you guys enjoy it. And I am going to be adding more to it. I just haven't had a lot of time. Oh, we'll get there. Hi, Mommy. Diva memes. $5. Feel better, Josh. We'll be fine. Thank you. I appreciate you guys. It's been a very busy season, but we'll get there. We're getting through it. Like I said on Saturday, I had a great time with my uh I had a great time on my um here. Hold on. Hold on a second. I'm going to I'm going to wait for the family to go by cuz I can't I can't concentrate with all the fighting. They're fighting about who spilled the popcorn after the girl booed and whatever. I don't know. It's a whole thing. Like, let it go. I know. Families argue. We argue. All right. So, anyway, um so yeah, I told you Saturday I had a really great time with my uh Giuliard lesson um and everything. and we work with uh our our school works with Giuliard and I had to do a lesson demo lesson from uh the Giuliard curriculum which was awesome. Uh the curriculum is awesome. I hope my lesson was good. They said it was. Anyway, so that was like a big thing and I had to plan the whole visit from our specialist and everything. So anyway, it's awesome. I don't think I said the name of the school before, but you know it's it's a kind of a pretty famous school so I'm sure you've heard of it. So anyway, that was a really big weight off my shoulders once I got that done. >> So it's starting to hit our backs like >> Don't know what I would do, dude. I don't know what I would do without you. seriously make my life so much better cuz I get to go to Disney every single day because of you and that means the world to me and everyone else. Oh man, thank you so much, Mommy Diva. That is so nice. And Emar just posted the link to the 247 channel. So yeah, go check that out. The 24/7 channel. It's a good one. Just go over there, Resort TV 24/7. Again, Resort TV 24/7 and subscribe. We're getting close to 9,000 subscribers on there, so that's kind of cool. A thanks mommy diva. You guys are the best. Thanks proud patriot. Thanks. Hey Billy. We ride the Nemo ride. We might be able to get back down there to it. Uh we're not very close to it right now. Oh, no impressions to France. Wamp. >> Yeah. Yeah. It's a good You usually have sleeping trouble. Warm milk works. Um, not usually have sleep. I don't have usually have too much trouble. So, but yeah, I could do warm milk. Sometimes, uh, melanin sometimes helps. Magnesium helps. A lot of different things. I'm usually okay. Will you make a day trip to Epic? Not for a while. I just don't have it in the budget right now to to pay for to pay for an extra day over there, even though I would love to. Um, we don't have universal passes either, so we're just trying to cut it all down. fish. >> Anyway, we'll see. >> Chamomile. Yep. That's another There's a lot of a lot of good ones. Actually, I don't know why that night I probably should have I probably should have gotten up and gotten something, but either way, last night was fine. So, hopefully tonight will be. I just need to get to bed earlier tonight. But anyway, enough about that. Let's enjoy World Showcase. So, we're getting ready for Flower and Guard Festival in a few days. Is it next week or the week after? Let me look it up real quick. >> Okay. >> When does that flower and garden festival start? >> March 4th. So yes, next week that's also marching band day. March 4th, like you know, March 4th, March forward. >> Oh, thanks, Proud Patriot. You guys are great. I'm just a little tired. >> No, not much time between festivals. 100%. >> The AI Disney guy. There we talking about that earlier. I was talking about what I made the other day cuz I was just playing around to see if my computer could do video generation. So again, not to start a debate or anything cuz obviously that's not going to go anywhere, but just something cool. I have this really neat picture that I've kept for a long time. I found online somewhere of Walt and Lillian dancing at Disneyland at the jazz band tent. And uh it was really cool. And it's a real picture, of course. It's I found it I found it way before AI was even a thing. I've had it probably for 15 15 or 20 years. I found it online somewhere. Anyway, I'm sure it's easy to find now, but I was happy to find it when I did. And so I thought, wouldn't it be cool if I could just That's quite a jolly laugh. Wouldn't it um wouldn't it be cool if I could like animate them dancing? So, I tried it and then one of the one of the models I had even even added on uh jazz music and so it like was Walt Lillian dancing and then adding a jazz soundtrack which was super cool. So, anyway, I just thought that was a fun use of it. Again, I wouldn't post it cuz I don't want people to think that it was real. The picture is real, but the dancing part like nobody I don't think had a video of them. But, I just thought that was neat. The AIS are going to have to duke it out over who becomes our supreme leader. That's never going to happen. I don't think but beautiful. Anyway, we're not going we're not going there. I know you're joking. I wish they'd do something more with this. Look, a pay phone. Not a pay phone, just a phone. House phone. What are they Who's talking? Uhhuh. There's like a speaker just playing random like people talking I guess in Arabic. >> Interesting. It would be nice to know like what that was about. Yeah, they really need to do something with this like this. This was such a cool before co This was such a cool pavilion. It really was. It's just really, really neat. A real pay phone. I know. Actually, do they exist? Are there any actual payoneses anymore? And then New York City converted most of theirs or maybe all of them to uh internet kind of like distribution points like Wi-Fi hotspots and stuff where you could for free you could go up to the uh you could go up to the uh pay phone or or if you lived close enough to it you could get the signal and you could use internet for free uh without having to go to the library. So that's kind of cool. So I think that's what New York did with a lot of theirs. Maybe not all of them. I'm sure they had thousands and thousands. But anyway, love reading the letters from George Washington. Wait, there were letters from George Washington. Where were that? Here in Morocco. We have a few in my area. Wow. I haven't seen one for years. How about Mexico Rio delo? Yeah, that was a good one. I will uh definitely I'll definitely be able to uh do uh Grand Fiesta. I can't can't do Rio delo because even though it's a it's a with a ride about time travel, I can't do that. Isn't that ironic? We can't ride the ride about time travel because we need to time travel to do it. Speaking about budgets, I was reading about the couple that went on two Disney cruises and said, "We need a new Mercedes," but it wasn't in the budget. >> That's funny. >> I mean, you know, >> everybody's got their own priorities. >> I love your stuff for TV1. >> Oh, thank you. Appreciate that. >> Watching you as we walk. >> I love it. >> Thank you very much. >> Have fun, guys. Thanks for watching. Yeah, you too. Oh, it's VJ. Hey, VJ. It was handwritten by him with perfect handwriting. How cool. I did not know that was on the walls. I did not know that. I didn't read your username earlier. Good to see you, VJ. If >> you guys don't know, that is the uh we're we're passing the spot right now, BJ. We're almost to your We're almost to your spot. He's the legendary DJ. it is >> that uh goes by the name of DJ Eno and he spins the tunes down here in Japan on New Year's Eve. By far the most popular spot this year. I hope they continue, first of all, I hope they continue inviting him, but second of all, I hope they keep giving him more like lights and lasers and stuff. But anyway, this is the place. >> I just got rebooked for this year. Fifth year. Hey, congrats. Super cool. Everybody, congrats to DJ Eno. He's going to be right right here. We'll show you. He's going to be right here. That's awesome. Everybody always loves it. And we're going to be at your show at the beginning next time cuz you do that cool Disney mix and we're going to make sure we see it. Right there. He's going to be right here. Right. Right. I mean, I can't I can't go up there, but like like he's going to be like right there. It's very dark, but trust me, there's a place to stand up there. love strolling around Epcot after dark is my favorite thing to do. Me too. I feel like I get stuck in a rut on these um Tuesdays sometimes. I know nobody nobody's complaining. I get it. You guys are so supportive, right? But I'm complaining it myself for just I I wanted to just go off the beaten path a little bit tonight. Sometimes I just go on the same rides in the same order. And I mean, yeah, there's certain rides that work as well, but I don't know. Anyway, different things. That's what we're doing. Stroll the countries a little bit. Beautiful in here. Plants look pretty good here in Japan. A lot of the plants that were here were >> cold tolerant. It does get cold in Japan. >> Did you try the wafer ice cream? I did not. Where do you get that? I love the water feature here. It's the same DJ work both New Year's and Fourth of July. Uh there are a lot of DJs that do both. Um BJ, I don't think you do Fourth of July, right? You probably do it somewhere else. Not here. They don't really have DJs at Epcot. Only at Magic Kingdom. Oh, thanks, Josh. I will. I will do it. Oh, inside the store. We'll have to check it out. Oh, look at that. Come on. That's an iconic Epcot shot. If that tree was just a little bit in a different place. Ah, you can't I don't think it's going to turn out well, but I'll try. Not bad. Yeah, this area is great, man. if it just wasn't for that tree. Let me go right here. Hold on just a second. >> Oh, you're usually at Universal Plaza Music Plaza stage. Nice. For the fourth. I figured you had a had a gig somewhere. I just hadn't seen you, so it probably I figured it probably wasn't at Disney. Well, there you go. Now we know. Maybe over here. I just was trying to get all the lanterns and stuff. >> You can't really here. Hold on. Photography with Josh. If you zoom a little bit, wait for it. Tap on spaceship Earth. Bam. That's kind of cool. I like it. I'll keep it. If you ever done a photo walk, like epic photo spots. No, I haven't. I just kind of happen upon shots. I'm good at lining up shots. I will say that for myself. I just kind of happen upon photo spots sometimes. I don't necessarily >> I don't necessarily uh >> I know all the spots off the top of my head, but Yeah, >> cuz France was a fail. >> Very tranquil stroll. You're very welcome. >> And thank you for saying that. >> Hi, Josh. >> Hi. How are you? >> Hi. Good. We promised our kids we would say hi to you. Oh, that's awesome. >> They're wa Well, they will be watching. >> We left them at the hotel room so we can come >> and they were super bummed. >> Well, here let's let's You want to say hi to the kids on the stream? Let me turn up the brightness so we can see you. Hi guys. >> Hi Will. Hi Wes. >> They did it. They said hi to me. >> We hope you're having fun. >> I've been there by the way. The Hoffry House there in Munich. >> He's been there too. And they just bought this 10 minutes ago cuz now >> Oh, okay. I didn't know if you actually bought Hey, I'm glad they have them here too, but it's kind of funny. You can buy it here and and not halfway around the world, right? >> A lot colder than I expected here. But yeah. >> Well, yeah. It's not as bad as it was a few weeks ago when we hit the 20s. >> Yeah, it was cold. >> That was shockingly cold for here. And then I decided that wasn't cold enough when I went to New York. >> Well, we are from New York. >> Okay. Escape the blizzard. Good for you. Good. Good call. I mean, it's going to be like 70 over the next couple days. Like, it's going to warm up pretty quick. >> Yeah. We leave right when it gets warm. >> Oh, no. I was going to say it never stays cold for long here. That's the nice thing. >> It's still not that bad. It's manageable for sure. >> Tonight is good cuz there's not a wind. If there was a wind blowing, it'd be a lot more oppressive. The wind. >> Yeah. Yesterday. >> The wind makes all the difference here. If the wind's on, it's horrible. Well, I'm glad that you guys are having a good night. >> Thank you so much. >> Thank you. Nice to meet you. Of course. Of course. >> Just so we can prove it. >> Yeah. >> We made promises, you know. >> Absolutely. >> You want to get in? >> Yeah, sure. >> Okay. >> All right. Perfect. Thank you so much. >> Of course. Thank you. You, too. Soak up that natural air seat while it lasts. Yeah, I know. It's It's actually feeling really good right now. I'm I I have a jacket. It's It's not even zipped. Like, it's just like fine. I even have another sweatshirt just in case cuz it gets windy here at Epcot, so I thought, well, I'll bring a I'll bring another sweatshirt just in case it gets like super windy. But I'm good. Yeah, Jenna live streamed yesterday. How about you set up a photo page? We could. I mean, I'm just me. It's just, you know, my iPhone like >> I just take shots whenever I can. So, I don't know about amazing photography, but >> it's not too bad. >> I know. I just don't have time. That's my only problem. But I'm not. The good news is I can do it sometime because I'm not I'm not obviously not getting rid of any of the photos I take. So, they're always there. Oh, they're getting ready for uh eat to the beat over here. Boy, they're like heavily modifying the stage over here. You're a rockar. Keep up the great streams. Thank you. Howdy from Delray Beach. Only recently discovered the channel and loving the live streams. Well, thank you. Glad you guys are discovering the channel. Out of curiosity, did anybody find us on the vertical stream? If you're on the vertical stream, you should I'm glad you're here, but you should switch to the the landscape one, the horizontal one, because you'll see more. So, see, yeah, they've got lifts and stuff up here. They're Wow, they're redoing the entire stage. That's cool. Oh my goodness. Must not be getting notifications. The best way to fix that is to turn sometimes to fix notifications. Like you can even unsubscribe. >> Resubscribe, turn on notifications >> again. Turn off and turn back on basically. >> Yeah, she should be on tomorrow. >> Anyway, so they are they are getting ready for the next phase. Eat to the beat concerts. No, that's not it. Garden Rocks. Garden Rocks. Eat to the beat is uh is food and wine festival. Garden rocks is what we're talking about here. I said each the beat a couple times. Garden rocks. I got it now. Yeah. As for this this July 4th is going to be pretty awesome. 250 >> semiquincentennial. that one, right? Did I get that right? I know it's hard to see the Yes. Make sure you set your notifications to all. I know it's hard to see spaceship Earth unless I drastically turn down the brightness cuz it's just it's like a beacon all by itself. >> Anywh who, >> thanks for being here. >> Hey Josh, Resort TV1 fam. Can't stay, but wanted to stop and say hi. I'll catch the next live. Have a restful night. Yeah, for sure. >> No worries about not they have a uh dinner party over here. Kind of a a chillier dinner party, but sure it's fun nonetheless. Oh, they've still got the uh bridge open there though you can still stand on. So that's nice. I know. I was like, why are you doing like >> Italia? >> Hey, Ticker Shell John. How are you? I went in Rome. Nice. >> See Italia. Very nice. >> How nice. That's really cool. That's not just a random like Italy mug. That's actually Mickey and Minnie. Like the merch has really stepped up around here. They've got special Italian ears. Come on. Ah, they kind of all Oh, is there definitely not strike force. I didn't even know that was going on. I do not keep up with that kind of stuff. >> All right. >> Nope. Hey, let's look at Lady in the here. Honey, just look at my >> How cool earthquake? I don't know. Was there Oh, somebody was moving a heavy cart behind me. I was like, "Wait, what? What would have sounded like an earthquake?" All right. Vapoli is a great place. Which is your favorite pavilion? Probably Mexico though still cuz it's just so pretty inside. We actually ate there when it was the original um Tutto Italia when it was the original Alfredo, one of two locations. The other one actually in Italy. O, there's that breeze. Came to say hello. I just came to say hello. Okay, I hope you all are having a great night. I hope you're enjoying the tranquil tranquility. My name is Pizza. popping the like buttons. Good job, guys. >> Conjuring something. Hey, why not? >> Hey, how are you guys? >> Good. Good. enjoying the night. Very tranquil. >> Yeah, it is >> tranquil and cool. >> It's a little cool, but it's not bad. >> Night of cold that we're going to get. >> Yeah, I think it probably will be. >> Maybe. We don't Some We don't even get them in November. >> Yeah. Right. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Luckily, if it's November. >> Yeah. It's going to It's going to be uh usually we don't get them this late in February, but >> Yeah. >> It's uh they're getting it way worse up north, so we can't complain about >> I'll take it. >> It was 34 this morning, but you know. >> Yeah. >> It's nice though. I like it. It didn't feel that. I got out of the car kind of expecting the cold blast and I was like, h this morning I was like, it's not bad. >> You got to enjoy it while you can. >> That was like when I was up in New York and I I you get out of the car and you're like, "Oh my gosh, this should be illegal." Like the amount of cold like it just when it's when the windshield's below zero. Like I mean I grew up in that but it's been several years since I felt it >> and I was just like oh like this a shock to your whole body. >> I was born in Minnesota so I get that >> you know. Yeah. >> Yeah. But here it's like you don't have time to acclimate to it. It's like one day it's hot and then I >> That's the problem with here is that it drops so much. And I know it drops up north too, but like Saturday it was legitimately hot. >> Yeah. >> 87, right? And then like it dropped like like 50°. >> They came to him on Friday and we're like couldn't believe how hot it is >> immediately. Now it's back to >> Yeah. It's very crazy. But hey, whatever. It's only for a couple days, right? >> You guys enjoy your night >> for sure. Oh wow. They got very it's a very bright very bright section of the village over here. Those people these people are uh these people got to wear sunglasses over here. Sorry guys. Uh see if Jupiter is visible. Uh uh yes. There it is right there. Right in the middle. Uh here. Let me center it. Yeah, not twinkling. So, it's got to be Jupiter. >> There you go. So, yes, Jupiter is indeed visible. >> I love that view with the flower pots. Isn't that nice? >> They actually have this village here pretty well lit. That's nice. The festival of the arts banners are still up, which is fine. I mean, that'll give them a couple days to take it down. Ain't that fun? You can even see Figment on there. >> Zoom out. >> There you go, Dad. >> Tyler says, "Uh, he's 28 minutes behind, but he heard me say I was exhausted." And he said, "It feels like a zombie when he's exhausted." Yeah, that's pretty much for me, too. I start making mental mistakes that I don't normally make. I stop Yeah. remembering stuff. Like, it's it's a it's a thing for sure. But hopefully, if I can get a couple good nights of sleep in a row, I'll be okay. >> How can that tiny vill sleep at night? They wear sunglasses. That's right. They wear their sunglasses at night. >> So, I can. So, I can. Christmas door. It is indeed Cory Hart wearing his sunglasses at at the nights. So cool. All right. Well, let's uh let's head over here and look at blingy spaceship earth if we can. A >> lot of birds over here. Hey, Disney magic. >> Don't be stressed. It's October Fest. Yeah, I love the Christmas stores, too. And of course, the one at Disney Springs. >> Oh, they have a Mozart one. >> There we go. Sorry about that. It's a little laggy in here. That Mozart alcohol was was um very uh shy. If you're wondering what the what the thing that sounds like a dentist drill is, it's the engraver. So, yeah, you um you had some lag because I walked through a store. I should have turned on the Wi-Fi, but I wasn't going to be long. So, the beer garden. And if you're curious, this was going to be >> that's the beer garden restaurant, but this was going to be the entrance to the Ryan River Cruise ride. >> There you go. >> Oh, wow. That's cool. >> All right. Oh, >> yeah. That's David's Space. That's right. I know. It's a shame. So, that's the kind of stuff I'd like to see. That probably wouldn't be a big headline bringer, but it would just be one of those like nice fan things, you know, they could do. Obviously, it's expensive, so they'd have to have the justification for it. I wonder how like in the 80s and 90s they kind of got away with like just doing whatever they wanted. Like it seems like now you got to be able to like justify it to the investors and stuff, but how did they back in the 80s and '90s they were still publicly traded, right? How did they justify? They just built stuff and just whatever. It's like, "Hey, we're going to build a giant hotel. Hey, we're going to build a ride here." And they just like didn't worry about if it had a character on it. I don't know. I just wonder, it was obviously a different time, but I also just wonder like how they got away with it cuz now it's like, oh, we we can't do that cuz the investor is here, you know, whatever. I wonder >> obviously when Walt was around, you know, he would say my company, I'm just going to do what I want. Like that's that's the benefit of being the founder, he and Roy. Yeah. I don't know. Uh, what I missed? Somebody get up on Josh about something? No, not at all. I just had a random pondering there. No, nobody got on to me about anything. I was just wondering why. I was just wondering why they couldn't build something like the Ryan River Cruise. Yeah. I don't know. >> Could put a tangled ride. Yeah, there's certain things like that they could do. >> All right, we do need to talk about our awesome sponsors. I talked about Mickey Travels already, but go check them out if you want to book your next trip to Walt Disney World. mickeyrravels.com. Also, um, resorttv1homes.com. We I was talking about them us earlier, too, or our real estate service. We just, uh, got word we're closing on another house in a few weeks. So, that's pretty cool. So, it's it's been pretty more much more regular and that's super helpful when YouTube is not doing as well and we can recover some of that income that we need from uh from home sales. So, it's a again, I will say the Resort TV1 Homes thing is a win-win win-win because you as the home buyer get to work with the best of the best that know the area inside and out and they're the most experienced at at giving you the best, you know, the best advice and the best service and and they'll be real with you, right? I mean, they'll be real with you. If you, you know, if you have an idea and maybe the idea is not realistic, like they'll let you know. Or maybe the idea is realistic. like they'll be totally transparent with you about normal costs and buying and selling and all those things um about traffic, all those things. So, yeah. >> Hi. >> Hi. >> How are you, friends? >> Good. How are you? >> Uh a little bit different, but it's okay. >> All right. >> Hey, you're in Epcot. It's all right. >> You, too. Well, they're having a good time. They're not bothering anybody. They're walking around. You know what? No problem. Have a great time. That's what it's about. What What's going on over here? I don't get it. They must be testing. Those are the lights from uh Luminous. I wonder if the I wonder if control booth is testing them right now. >> How fun. It's a great shot. >> That's fun to see though. It's neat how they can make it twinkle. Huh. Testing. Testing. One. Two. Come on. Can't get more tranquil than this. It's so empty here, too. How fun. For my new photo page. I know. I took a few. I took a few. Oh, anyway, resort tv1homes.com. That's what I was trying to say. Go check us out. Go to resorttv1homes.com and uh click on contact us and we will help you find your dream home here in Central Florida. Resorttv1homes.com. >> Good evening and welcome to World Showcase. In just 30 minutes, we invite you to experience the a spectacular celebration of music. >> Let's go ride >> the Grand Fiesta tour. It's always one of my favorites. >> Then I'll probably start heading out if that's all right with everybody. That way I can get home and >> get some rest. >> We still had a great time tonight, didn't we? >> Prominade. >> Thanks, Deep Boy. Epcot guy. you and get ready because tonight's performance of Luminous, the Symphony of Us, begins in just 30 minutes. >> Yeah, it does. It begins in 30 minutes. 30 30 minutes. It's 30 minutes. We can make it go with the music. I love it at night. Different vibe. It really is. I also enjoy it at night. Anna and Elsa. >> I still haven't seen the new ride yet with the oneta animatronics in there. So, I'll have to check that out sometime. Not tonight cuz I want to be I want to be out of here before that. But, um I still haven't done that yet. So, we'll see. Hello AJ. >> No, I won't be film I won't be streaming for Princess Weekend. All these songs, man. So trippy. All right. Yeah, this is the normal music. How long's the way from Frozen? You may take advantage of Yeah, it's a big Frozen blowout right now. >> That was weird. I don't know why it lied. Sorry. >> I don't know. Oh yeah, we didn't. >> No, no luminous tonight. I'm going to go home tonight. I'm just I'm feeling pretty run down, so I'm going to take the opportunity to rest. But I uh I'll do it next time. >> So, no worries. >> Cold can make you tired as much of the heat. Sure. >> Sure. Sure. I'm like honestly >> Hello. Just one. >> Thank you. >> Oh, you're on the Disney treasure. Oh my goodness. Say hi to the haunted mansion parlor for me. That's awesome. Enjoy. >> Good job, Starlink. All right, here we go. >> For your safety, remain seated keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the boat. And if you have children, please Thanks for watching. This way. Welcome. I am I am Jose and this is I don't know but this way Where are you? Hey, you're an angel. Where could it be? Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Excuse me. Bye-bye. The shest Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Take the show. Heat. Heat. We did not I don't have Yummy. Next time on the Okay, >> see, we take you all over to Mexico. Thanks for coming to Mexico and come again soon. We'll be waiting for you, amigos. >> Thanks for coming to the show. Remember, stay seated until the boat reaches the dock. Then gather your belongings and exit to the right. >> Have a nice day. Exit to your right. >> Thank you. Okay. >> Yes. The three audio animatronic figures came from the Mickey Mouse review that opened with Magic Kingdom back in 1971. And it was in the your location that Philhar Magic is now, which became Magic Journeys cuz that moved over. So it was it was Mickey Mouse review. And then I believe then it was Magic Journeys. After Magic Journeys left Epcot in '86 when Captain Eio came in over here and then after Magic Journeys was done, it was the Lion King show. There was a Lion King show there. Hi. >> What's up? >> Nam say hi to my fiance. >> Of course. >> Hey Ally, it's us. Uh we're here on our bachelor trip. I'm getting married to Ally. She's watching right now. >> Ah, congrats. >> This is my friend Chris. This is my friend Bobby. And that's our other friend James. He's a little camera shy. Oh, that's all right. Well, hey, >> but I have to show you this is her. We have fake tattoos and that's her. How fun the other day, but that's Ally. >> That is awesome. >> Big Disney fan. We're getting married in May. That's cool. >> And we're honeymooning to Alani in >> Wow. Okay. All right. >> It'll be our first time there. >> How cool. So, you you guys are you guys looks like you're behaving yourselves in Epcot then on the bachelor trip. That's good. >> This isn't like your typical Vegas bachelor trip. It's more of a lowkey Disney. >> Escape the New Jersey cold. >> That's good. No, I I' Yeah, I' I've actually done all of them. I've done the uh I did the Vegas one with some friends one time and and that was I was I was better than most people. Let's put it that way. >> And then uh then, you know, I've also done the chill one, too. So, the chill ones are fun. >> Yeah. So, we're just hanging out. But we watch you every Tuesday. >> Well, thank you. >> It's awesome. We love what you do. It's always nice. >> I love it. What can congratulations and enjoy the trip and Yeah. It's uh beautiful. So, you're getting married back home and then going to Alani then? >> Yes. Correct. >> Perfect. >> Back home in Jersey. Ft of snow. So, >> that's what I've been told. Everybody Somebody said they were in Rhode Island and they got like like 30 something inches, >> which is crazy. >> It's a little chilly here, but not as bad as that. Right. >> No, no, no. It's It's fine. Like I'm I'm like just glad that I don't have to shovel anything. >> Yeah. >> So, they asked for the Epcot snow report. I'm like zero. Yeah. Right there. >> I'll tell you what. If it ever does snow here, we got freezing right when we got like sleep one time. >> If it ever does, I'll be here to cover it for sure. >> That's right. But thank you for Thanks for letting me give her a shout out. >> Oh, yeah. Absolutely. >> All right. See you. >> Absolutely. All right. You guys enjoy it. Bye. >> I don't see Ally in the chat. I don't see. That's super cool. Well, congrats you guys. I love it. Oh yes, I've done all the different types of bachelor parties. I had friends that were, you know, partial to one type or the other in that time in my life when people were getting married. Obviously, I'm, you know, most of my friends now were already married or or not, either one. But like I don't have a lot I'm not going to a lot of weddings now. Now, there'll be another time in my life where where we will uh go to our friends kids weddings. >> 37 inches in Rhode Island. Daughter's on her third day of no school. Wow. 37 in. It's going to be a while before y'all go back to school. Good grief. That's crazy. I >> What's What you drinking now? >> The Lily. >> The Lily >> from Mexico. Yeah. No, we completed our thing, but we came back for this. Awesome. >> You want to try? >> No, I'm good, thanks. But hey, you enjoy. >> Thank you. >> You, too. >> Very friendly group there. They completed around the world drinking. I bet, Mr. Master. I bet it was pretty bad. >> Are the airports reopened yet at all, or are they still closed down? Or is that what somebody said? They won't be able to get in and out till Thursday. I'm sure it's going to take a while to clear everything off, clear the runways, the planes, all the things. It's crazy, man. Let's go this way. You guys are struggling in Rhode Island Rhode Island. Hope everybody has power and if not, I hope you have alternative means of keeping yourself warm. Like I said, we had a fireplace and a wood burning stove and boy, a couple times we'd lost power back in Indiana. We had candles and we had a fireplace. I know the wood burning stove wood burning stove definitely puts out a lot more heat. The fireplace is nice just to sit by, but the you know you only get like one surface of heat there whereas the wood burning stove like some of us we actually got too warm with it going there and you could you know you could kind of you could kind of control it. But anyway, I tried to when I got old enough, I tried to help dad with the stove and I tried to, you know, go get firewood when I could, but he did. He did most of it, you know, as as dads do. Um, I'm finding out as the dad that all the things that I do, not firewood, though. There's no firewood here in Florida that we need. Very few houses have fireplaces cuz you would use it so rarely here. On a night like tonight, you could you could light it up. We had two weddings this summer, two nephews, and my 80-year-old widow father's getting remarried. That's cool. I love that. I love that when older people get married. >> Oh, >> remarried. Sometimes they don't. Sometimes they'll just like, you know, if they if they're both, you know, lost their if they both lost their their first spouse, you know, they're getting older, uh, then, you know, sometimes they'll just be together, but not worry about getting married, but sometimes they will get married, and it's kind of cool when they do. Airport in Rhode Island opened back up today at 3 p.m. Wow, the snow had been going off and on in parts of the US, you know. There's even legal limits to the snow here in Camelot. I love that. It's just like me saying it should be illegal for it to be that cold. warmer temps up there and it'll melt the snow. But even even with warmer temps, it'll take a while to melt 30 in of snow. There you can see over here they've got the fabric plant covers on to protect the flowers tonight. So that's good. It is already getting you can feel the cold air coming in right now. It's not Again, it's not unbearable, but it's definitely like getting cooler. What is it right now? Uh boy, they really want me to update my phone. 49. It feels like 44. So, yeah, it's getting cooler, but nothing nothing like up north, but we're we definitely will be down in the 30s tonight. We have a real fireplace, but it's never been serviced. We have an electrical insert for days for it, so it's still nice. One of those days we get a service week, so we can use it. Yeah, there you go. >> Now, of course, the problem with electrical insert is, of course, if you lose power, obviously that doesn't work. But um here's another question with with generators. Can you run your heat? Cuz heat takes a lot of power. Um you know, it probably has to be a whole house system probably to run the to run the heat. I've got a portable uh generator that'll run. Um it definitely wouldn't run the air conditioning. It would run some fans and charge phones and stuff. So I've got a portable generator for use in a hurricane. It would also probably run the fridge. So, my grandparents are 99 and 97. They have been married since my grandmother was 20. 77 years of marriage. Wow. How fun. Here, let's go through the shop. Oh. >> Well, thanks for joining me tonight. Thanks for sticking with me. I know that disappointing maybe to some people that I'm not going to do the fireworks, but I'll be back. And I do appreciate the uh everybody the understanding. It's very nice. >> That's pretty crazy. 77 years. Wow. Just got back from a joint boach trip in Walt Disney World. We did three parks, one day, 11 people. That's fun. What? Wait, a boach trip? Like is in Johan Sebastian? Maybe I'm missing something. I love it though. That's right. Mr. Master always another day indeed. >> That is Goofy with all his sayings. Before I got a whole house generator, I had a portable unit and wired the gas furnace so it could be plugged into the generator. Now the standby powers the whole house. Yeah, there you go. Yes, the standby would power the whole house. That's a thing for sure. >> Um I think the standby would even run the air conditioning if we really needed it to. >> We buy a new gener bachelorette. Yep. >> Yeah. So anyway, it's good. Appreciate anytime you go live, Josh. I also teach. I have no idea how you do both. I mean, I have great kids, right? So, it's it's it's I I'm not as exhausted. Although, today I did uh supervise a fourth grade field trip to um um museum, so that was fun. Um but obviously that's a little more tiring than what I normally do, but um my son my son Liam was was on the trip and so I get to go along um as a staff member chaperone. So, that's fun. Great memories. >> Oh, we got the >> Oh, the end of the show. >> I do miss this song. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. What it is? So nice. AJ's loving the throwback song. Absolutely. That's This is the the Epcot 40th anniversary Beacon show. I'll tell you what, I miss it. I mean, they have they have horizons in that show. Like, it doesn't get any better than that. like every other work. >> Man, it's tragic that those attractions lasted so such a short amount of time. >> So tragic. And that actually this current version of Epcot that is nice but not not as nearly impressive as what was there before. Anyway, that has lasted so much longer. Horizons, man. We barely knew you. It was only here for 16 years. It just had gotten its driver's license. Yeah, there's a breeze. It's a cold breeze under here. Dad always used to say when we walked under here, there's always a breeze under Spaceship Earth Birth. That is true. I feel bad for the cast members working on Spaceship Earth when it's cold because they got to really bundle up. It really blows around the geosphere. Oh, the wind's picking up. See the flags? But I am glad they kept the medley for sure. Anyway, I hope you guys have enjoyed the stream. I am going to I'm going to head out here in just a minute, but I do hope that you have enjoyed it. Um Oh, sorry. Sorry, I didn't turn up the I didn't turn up the uh the bits. AJ says hi. Hi, AJ. I didn't turn up the bit rate. >> I don't know why, >> but either way, um it's uh super super super awesome. See, I'm not going to do fireworks tonight. I'm I'm just feeling tired. I'm going to go home and rest a little bit. So, I'm going to skip the fireworks tonight. just so I can get home a little earlier. Um, beat the beat the crowd out. We'll be back. We will be back. >> Proud Patri says, "I'm back. Dinner." Dinner. Anyone? Nice. What'd you make? What was the show they did for the Millennium Celebration? Yeah, Illuminations was the show they did. And I love the music, too. It's a great show. Thank you so much. Hope you get some rest. Enjoy the rest of the night. Be safe driving home. Absolutely. >> I shall. >> So good. >> All right, everybody. >> Well, we do want to talk a little bit about our awesome sponsors. We did most of them already. >> Uh let's see. >> All right. So, I'm trying to think of what else we what else we need to talk about. Um, yes, there are great there are some great replays of the fireworks on the channel for sure. Uh, let's see. We talked about um Resort TV on Homes. We need to talk about Davis DVC rentals. DVCrequest.com/tv davidbc rentals dbcrequest.com/tv. You can rent a DVC room for a fraction of the cost. Check out Davis DBC Rentals at dbcrequest.com/tv. Again, that's dbcrequest.com/tv. Go check them out. Um, and we also have um, let's see, we also have Behind the Ride on Amazon. Go check out Behind the Ride on Amazon. Um, they'll tell you how about how all your favorite rides were created. It's behind the Ride on Amazon. They are awesome. They also have uh Disney Demystified on Amazon, which again will tell you the story about how your favorite rides were created. So, go check out uh Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified on Amazon. We also have uh Dream Table, which is an awesome app that tells you how to get reservations for the hardest to get restaurants around the place. In fact, it gets the reservations or it tells you when they're available. It's an app. It gives you notifications when there's restaurant reservations available wherever you set up a search. So, just go check out Dreamtable on the App Store. DreamTable on the App Store. And finally, last but not least, uh we have our awesome sponsors at layer 1 technology. Uh layer 1 Technology will help you uh if you have it needs for your small or mediumsiz business. That is layer onetone technology.com. Again, layer on technology.com. And Robert hooked us up with some laptops. Uh one for Steph and one for Liam. So, he's been really helpful to us as well. Also go support him if you're a small or mediumsized business and you need some IT support. You don't know where to look. Especially you have to be in Florida obviously, but it's layer onetone technology.com. So uh I believe mostly mostly central Florida all the way over to the coast on both sides. So he can tell you, but it's definitely the central Florida area. So go check it out. Layer onetone technology.com. And we have platinum members. Thank you all of our members. We had all these members celebrating 28 months. We also have platinum members that support us with $50 a month on YouTube. Grow was Adventures, Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Stephanie Mertz, Love Go Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, Crazy Grown-Up Life, Chuck Polly, The Amazing, Jayla Moxley, Cicander Danny, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali, Verismo, and Alan J. I'm going to send you guys over to the 247 channel if you want to watch Disney for the rest of the night. Oh, here comes Spaceship Earth Birth is lighting up for um Luminous, but definitely check out um There we go. Definitely check out the 24/7 channel. It will be live all the time 24/7. So, go check it out. It's a great channel. You're going to love it. And thank you to all of our Patreon members. Thank you to all of our moppers and everybody. You guys are awesome. We'll see you soon. All right, everybody. Bam. There we go. So, thanks for watching. Super fun. Oh, look at the Spaces of Earth. It's so fun. It's got the old Epcot colors, but then it's also like twinkling for luminous. How fun. Wow. Oh, there's the there's the intro. So fun. All right, so I'll watch Luminous next time, but thank you for letting me get some rest tonight. We'll see you on the 247 channel. >> All right, everybody. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. >> Bye-bye. Here we are. Right.
