---
video_id: Rpmv_9S7BCU
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Friday Night Live at Epcot Festival of the Arts - Walt Disney World Live Stream - 2-13-26"
published: 2026-02-13
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rpmv_9S7BCU
---
Okay. Well, hey everybody. It's Josh >> and Jenna >> with Resort TV1 and we're live here at Epcot, but specifically a very cool place in Epcot. >> Tell them where we are. >> We are in the DVC lounge above Figment Imagination. >> Imagination. And so you can see right behind us, we're in the glass pyramid, the glass atrium. I haven't been in here for a long time. Look at this. So cool. I don't think >> Oh, yeah, sure. And actually, I don't think we've ever streamed in here. We came in here with Lori and Bill a long time ago, although I haven't seen them in the stream as much. get an email every once in a while, but I hope they're doing well. But they brought us in here, but this time we had some other friends bring us in here. So, this is really cool over here. You can see there's some nice tables people can sit. There's all these charging ports and things. There's test track. Can see Mexico over there. >> But Space Earth This is amazing. Yes, this is where the old Image Works was back in the day. >> They've had quite an awesome day here today. So, here. Oh, we didn't get to show you Mickey and Minnie. They took a break, it sounds like. That's okay. >> Hey, Andrew. Yes. What a view indeed. Oh, they went they went. >> They'll be back in two minutes. >> Oh, they'll be okay. Mickey and Minnie went for went for a quick uh a quick bite to eat. Mhm. >> So, we have uh I won't put them on the stream, but David and Gia were the ones that invited us up here. So, thank you to them. >> They're here. Or David, do you want to say hi? It's up to you. Gia said she didn't want to. Okay. >> Hi. >> So, David's here. DMD David, as we call him, cuz there are other Davids. You're not the only David. >> I'm dumb David. >> No, the initials. >> Oh, no. So, your middle name is not um >> Well, what's a U middle name? Ulysus. If your middle name was Ulysus, then that would be a problem. >> I could be Dub. >> Dub. >> You'd be Dub. >> Actually, that's a pretty cool dub. Yeah, >> they change my middle name to Ulysus. >> Dub, just like Ulysus. That's Grant. So, this is where Mickey and Minnie were meeting. All the guests here. They've got their ski gear out with a nice little background here. And there used to be, so this used to be one of the entrances to Image Works. And then the other one was right here, this gaming spot here. And yes, the rainbow corridor is still there, but you of course you can't go back in here. I was just talking to one of the cast members earlier said that some of that area back there is in pretty rough shape. They don't take guests back there anymore. So, it would be nice if they could refurbish it and have that, you know, for tours or something. But, I should have done a tour whenever they were offering them, but alas, they don't do it anymore. But, I will at least give you a little walk around here. So, obviously, you've got gaming spot slash um TV spot. I don't see any games, but it's a nice place for kids to watch TV. This is the check-in desk. And again, Spaceship Earth is always in the background. Here's the elevator. It's like a rocket ship. Please write imagination. We could do that. Yeah, that's the David. And they've got some DVC stuff. There's the uh island Tower Polynesian. And this is a model for the DBC at um Disneyland at the Disneyland Hotel. That's pretty cool. It's really, really neat these areas here. I know. I wish it was still Image Works, too. It's a nice lounge, though, for sure. Very nice. I just love looking up into the pyramid. It's such a cool It's like a work of art and architecture. Very, very nice. >> Hey, Blue Polo. >> Yeah, if you wondered what it looks like, that's what it is. There's all these nice little spots, and there's charging ports, by the way, if you're interested. There's charging for your devices at every location. Sorry. Yeah, it's very, very cool. Very well done. So, They need a model for the new DBC. Yes. I thought maybe they would have that one too, but they don't. Lakeside, I think. Hope you all are having a great day. Beauty Within. Hello. Yeah. So, we're in the Imagination Lounge. Very cool opening tonight. Yeah. Thanks to David and Gia, for sure. >> All right. >> Great. >> Look, it's Jenna. >> Hi. >> They said, "Is that the David?" >> The one and only. >> I gave him a little tour. >> Good job. These are cool chairs over here. They look like Star Trek kind of chairs. >> Oh yeah, it does. >> But yeah, it's such a neat such so neat to be able to look out here. Here, let's get close to the window. Has there ever been a Friday the 13th before Valentine's Day on the Friday of President's Day? I don't know. I mean, probably, but I really don't know the answer to that question. You can see people walking around down there. It's another good shot right here. Look at that. Ain't that awesome? Space chair. I know. I wanted to start, too. I'm glad that it's staying light longer cuz I wanted to be able to show you guys. Of course, it's not as cool at night cuz you can't see out as much. Like, it's cool, but it's not as cool. So, I wanted you guys to be able to see this in all of its glory. >> The Imagination Lounge in the DVC. >> Yeah, it's really cool, Andrew. It's It's very neat. Very neat use of the space for sure. >> You want to say You want to say hi to everybody? >> How's it going? Yeah, the the two sorry I was showing the the two um image work spots right here and then one right by the gaming spot was where the entrance was. So I remember you remember you could come in two different places but they've obviously remodeled it quite a bit so that yeah there was but the cast member specifically said that was the main they also have little snacks here. You can get um you can get chips, you can get um Rice Krispie treats, and of course freestyle machines. So Doug, we're uh we're Oh, here comes Mickey and Minnie. Oh, there they come. Look at that. Mickey and Minnie, the best. Hi. A They're the best. So fun. So, there they are. >> Aren't their outfits the best? Here, let's come around this way. I don't want to I don't want to get in the way. And come around this way. They told us to uh when we got our when Mickey and Minnie were out when we got our refreshments to come around this way so we weren't getting in anybody's picture. So, I won't I don't want to encroach upon the uh the big cheeses space. Aren't those cute outfits? Yeah, they look great. So, here, let me let me get back over here so we can see them a little better. Wait, wait. I'm right here. >> I'm here. I'm here. >> They just said to go around this way. Yeah. Yeah. >> So, we can come say hi. >> Oh, cool. Okay. >> Hi. >> Do you like my ears? Valentine. I know. I know. >> We wanted to show everybody your great outfits. Oh my goodness. You guys look amazing. >> Are you close? Have you seen it before? >> You have. Did you? No way. She did amazing. >> Yeah. So chic. >> Can you make me want to? >> Yeah. She's got to get your size. She got to measure you. >> Oh, go give her a call. Yeah. >> Thanks for letting us say hi. I hope you take >> Valentine's Day. >> Oh, >> show us some moves. >> Oh. Oh. Going to have hot chocolate for Valentine's Day. That's And by the fire. That's very romantic. Yes. >> Oh, I love that. Yep. He knows how to get to your heart with the food. >> That's right. I I bet Mickey's got the perfect gift picked out already. >> I won't tell anybody. >> A All right. Thanks, guys. >> Thanks, guys. Have a great night. >> Have fun sledding. I mean, skiing. >> Yes. Either way. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> All right. Cool. Unless you say hi to everybody. I'm I'm going to take a drink of my of my Coke. >> Okay. Are we going to head out soon? >> Yeah. In a minute. >> Okay. >> Hello everybody. >> Hi Tony. Hi Scott. Hi SE. Hi Cardboard Box. We don't want that. >> Are they going to Chef Mickey's? Oh, I don't know. They could be. That is a great question. It is Epcot's power couple. I agree 100%. Hi Noel. >> This is super cool. Yeah. Very cool. >> Andrew uh Andrew was in the chatty. I don't think you'd see in this area. It was >> Yeah. Oh, yeah. He probably You probably haven't been in here whenever like when we were kids and it was a play area. >> It was such a cool place. >> Yeah. Thanks for bringing us in here. >> Yes. Thank you so much. >> Up here. >> Yeah. It's been a minute. All the lounges. This is Okay. I was trying to figure out what this was. This is where the escalator was. That's why they remember there was an escalator. That's why they covered it up. >> No, I don't remember that. You want your jacket? Sure. >> All I remember is the rainbow tunnel. I almost said rainbow bridge. Rainbow tunnel. >> Yeah. >> And um the painting with the magic paintbrush >> and the and the paint cushion table. Yes. >> Oh, and the and the things you stepped on and made noises, which they still have. >> Yes, they have those downstairs. >> Downstairs. Yeah. >> So, um >> Hey, Maria Hall. Thank you so much. >> You can walk around, you know, the retro Epcot that computer. It's like a game. So that's how I remember about the escalator cuz he did it just from all the movies and stuff and it's like >> okay >> it shows all of the um >> I didn't remember that. >> You can even walk through the image works. I have to I'll have to take you in there. You can actually walk right through it. >> Very cool. >> That's how I remember there was two entrances. >> Sure. >> Hi Skipper Tom. >> Oh, look. They even have USBC. >> That's nice. >> They're updated. >> Yeah, they're >> all right. Um here we go. >> Yeah. I got my Coke already tonight. >> Yes, you did. Very nice. >> We say bye to Spacesh. Well, we'll see it again, just not from in here. It's gorgeous. >> Hi, Tracy. >> Look at the sunset on test track over there. >> Oh, nice. Hey Mark. Hey Doug. Hey Skipper Tom. Hey Joseph. There is an elevator if you need it, which is nice. They >> have pins right up here. >> Yeah, they do. >> See if we can get her. Oh, there's two Horizons pins. >> Horizons. Nice. >> Oh, yeah. I see that. Very nice. >> Mickey shorts. Mickey shoes. Mickey hands. >> Cool. Well, that was fun. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. All right, we're going to go back downstairs. All right. >> So, when they first had this open, they have pictures from Magic Journeys all over. >> Oh, that's cool. >> Or something kind of like or Kodak. >> Is this a glass elevator? >> Uh, >> no. It's just not up right or it's Where is it? It's downstairs. >> It actually >> Actually, it is glass. >> It is a glass. >> Yeah. Oh, that's cool. >> So, it used to be completely open. >> The whole thing was glass. >> Cool. >> It's a wavator. >> It's an educated educate indicator. >> That's >> Imagine Atrium. >> Imagine Atrium. >> Fun. >> Was invite paint. >> Hey, Ginger. I miss Horizons, too. It was so good. Get a refill first. It's Mine's still pretty full. >> Yeah, >> I got a vanilla Coke. >> It's hard to carry an open drink on bottles. >> And it's kind of It's getting chillier outside. So, >> there's that. >> Is not meeting anymore. >> No, usually after a certain time, he's >> here. Let's show David and G where he does meet. >> Is that the That's the >> Turn the turn the down to like five. >> Sure. I I'll do that. >> I'll do that. I'll do that for you. >> Thanks. Yeah. This >> got it. >> Got it. >> Oh, the backpack. That is cute. >> Did you hear about Sorry, guys. I can't scroll up. I got to get rid of my Coke. I have no hands. One hand is holding the stream. One hand is holding the Coke. Joy used to Joy used to meet here. She doesn't meet here anymore. >> Yeah. And then over here is where Figment meets. It's where Wreckit Ralph used to meet, but he doesn't meet there anymore. >> Comes out of here and then he goes in here. >> Yep. >> This is like from the ride, like not from, but it's a recreation of what the ride used to look like at the Dream Port. And then this was in there. >> Yeah. >> Or something like that. >> Well, they had a they have a cartoon in here that plays sometimes, but not today. >> Oh, yeah. >> Oh, that's cool. I'm glad you get to go on the DVC. Uh, Pooh's red shirt 499 watching from western Massachusetts where it's dark. My fian fiance and I are getting married in 2028. Would love it if you and Jenna could attend. Aw, that's so sweet. Thank you for the invite and congratulations to you guys. Congrats. Thanks for the 499 super chat. Happy Friday, Tracy. Yeah, it was Vanelopey and Wreck-It Ralph. That's right. Hi, PJ. All right, guys. Do they have a Figment? Oh, no. They're Wreckit Ralph. So, okay. Well, there you go. If you want some Wreckit Ralph pennies, they got them. Let's see. >> Nice and chill in here right now. I bet the rest of the park is pretty busy. >> We're going to find out. Got your Figma ears. That's right, Anthony. I do like these ears. Might need that hoodie tonight. Hey, Hersel. Margie. Hey, Marshall. >> All right. Ready to head out? >> Yeah, I can I have I can take it if you want to finish drinks. I'll just need the bathroom at some point, but not I don't need it right now. >> Okay. >> Got it. >> Yep, I do. >> Okay. >> Okay. Hi, Tracy. >> Oh, that's where we were just a few minutes ago. Hey, Peter. Hello, Liam. >> Candace. tight. Yep. So, here's your check-in area. And then you just once you check in, you just go right up the stairs. Super cool. Or the elevator if you need a if you need a lift. See what I did there? Has the rainbow tunnel on the sweatshirt. Yes, that's cool. I actually didn't notice that until you just said it. >> Figma had the rainbow tunnel on his sweatshirt back there. Let's go puppy. >> Our countdown to our next trip ends tomorrow. We will miss most of Josh's stream due to traveling down. Well, enjoy. Anywh who, enjoy. Hi. >> Hey. What's up? >> How you guys doing? >> Good. Good. Good to see you guys. >> You too. >> It's been a little while. >> Yeah. >> You guys doing all right? >> Doing okay. >> You want to say hi on the stream to everybody? Leaf. >> Leaf and Amy. >> I see Leaf Watson in the chat. >> And Amy Stewart. >> Amy Stewart. Yes. You love the shirts. >> I made these. >> Did you? >> Oh, nice. >> Good job. >> Huh? >> You want a tie? >> Oh, sweet. >> Oh, those are great. >> I would have said they were storebought, so you did a nice job. >> You did a great job. >> Even better than storebought. >> How you guys doing? >> We're good. >> Doing okay. >> I saw them on your blog. >> Yes. Yeah, they were at Spring. >> We just went to Spring last night. Last night. >> Cool. >> Yeah. >> Nice. They have some good stuff there. They do. >> If you guys missed the vlog, go check it out. >> I I purchased the sweat jacket because we were >> Which one? >> Um I can't tell. It's It's blue. >> It's blue. >> I like that. I like blue. >> It has >> It has the castle and then the castle. >> Oh, the characters looking at the Oh, that's my favorite. It's so cute. It was very pretty. >> Good job. Like I had Good purchase. >> Oh, they're yours. Yes. >> Oh, yeah. Uh David and Gia DMB David. Yeah, they live in New Jersey, but they've got down here this week for their daughter's concert um at Disney Springs >> for the DVC lounge. That was >> So they they >> Yeah, that's when we got to get >> Oh, you got Do you got reservations for DVC lounge? >> Oh, no. That's the closing. >> So, it's a it's a um special um I guess a special thing for DVC members. You can buy an additional add-on to your membership to do the after hours stuff. >> No, it's But yeah, but you can >> about it. >> Yeah. So they have like it's very uncrowded and they had a special meet and greet. >> Yeah, that was fun. >> Yeah, we're getting ready to get out. >> Getting busy. >> And it's getting very very It was so nice earlier today. >> I bet. >> Yeah, there weren't many people when we first got here, but uh >> daily >> picking up now. >> Oh, yeah. It's going to the whole weekend. >> Oh, we saw Jack. >> Oh, cool. the festival of the art, >> all the art and all the festivals. >> I know this one's ending soon. >> Very soon >> in the month, I think. >> And then March. Yeah. Well, March 7th is when uh >> the 7th. >> Yeah. >> Well, they've already got the flowers planted for festival for flower and garden. >> I know. They started. >> Hi, how are you? >> They look great. >> Wow. >> I can't wait. Okay, we'll have to go check them. >> Um I put on my calendar. Hang on. I'll tell you for sure. March 4th, flower and garden. But I don't know. >> March. >> That's also an important marching band holiday. >> March. >> March 4th. >> My birthday. >> Oh, nice. >> Cool. >> All right, we'll let you guys go. >> Great to see you guys. >> You, too. >> Yeah, we got to see each other in the parks. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> You're always out. >> Yes. >> I am out a lot. >> You're out a lot. >> Yeah, >> Josh is out on >> I'm I'm at work. We try >> usually. >> Yeah. >> We only have the >> All right. >> Well, you guys have a great night and >> Yeah, definitely. Great to see you. >> See you. Bye. >> Did you um March 4th? It's a important marching band holiday. They actually do. It's because March 4th. >> March and then fourth. >> Kind of like the fourth or >> Yeah. >> Or or like Mario Day. March 10th is Mario Day. >> There's a lot of fun things. >> Yeah. All right, I can take it now. >> Hello everybody. How's it going? Look, they're putting up the um the butterfly tent. I was going to say the bee tent. No, not bees. I >> mean, there are bees. >> They might have some bees in there, but butterflies mainly butterflies. >> Where there are flowers, there are also bees. >> That's true. >> Hello, Nita. How are you tonight? Hey, blue polo. >> I had the weirdest flashback. I pointed my eye. I was like, is that the Christmas tree? No, there's like a tall tree over there, but like out of the corner of my eye, I thought Christmas tree. I was like, "Nope, nope, that's not it. Wrong season." >> Hi, John. >> The only thing I really want to see tonight is um make sure maybe my one of my last times at festival is the Imagination Show on Spaceship Earth. My favorite. >> Yeah, love that. >> By the time it starts, when it gets dark, I guess. >> When it gets dark. Yeah, that is a good one. I do like that one. Hi, Smooth Joy. You'll be at Disneyland on March 4th. Oh, Robert, I'm so jealous. That is awesome. >> Um, I'm going to stop by the restroom here on the way. >> Okay. >> Over wherever we're going. >> I don't know where we're going. >> Well, the Broadway thing's at 6:45 or 8. >> So, we should probably head there. >> So, if we want to do that first, I guess. >> It doesn't matter to me. You tell me. >> I'm fine anyway. >> Do 8:00, too. >> June. Yeah. June 26 is Stitch Day. And guess what, Josh? >> It's going to be this 626, which is June 26th. 626 26. >> Oh, the double double trouble. Uh-huh. >> 62 stitch >> 6 >> 62626 >> 26. >> Sorry. >> It's going to be awesome. >> I got it. I'm fine. I got it. >> You got this. >> Oh, that's copyright right there. >> Please won't stop. >> We can Well, please stop the >> I'll just hang out right here if you want to go. >> Okay, that's fine. >> Restrooms. >> Yep. I will be right back. >> Okay. >> Think about what you want to do next. I'm fine. I'm fine going to um I'm fine walking around here for a little bit. We could go to Mexico and then to Broadway. >> Yeah. Although Broadway is in less than like 25 minutes. Then maybe we should get by the time by the time we get there. >> Okay. >> By the time we get there, it'll be like pretty late. >> Yeah. Okay. >> I'll be right back. >> Stitch day is going to be on a Friday. Oh my goodness. Okay, that's exciting. Benjamin, I did get my Stitch jersey. I did. I did. >> Yes. >> I'll be back. >> I know. This is a pretty view, isn't it? Hey Jennifer, how are you today? Epcot Magic members night R and Jenna. Wait, what? I'm not sure. Hey, Surfam. Hi, Grand Streeters. Looking forward to a great show tonight. Awesome. Well, we're going to we're going to have some fun. That's for sure. We always do. And guys, stay tuned. Well, I know Josh is going to be doing an all day stream tomorrow for the you know, right here, Resort TV1, all day stream at the Magic Kingdom. Then on Sunday is when Dale and I are gonna be on our cruise and I'm gonna try to do a live stream from the ship. So stay tuned on Sunday. It'll probably I'm going to set it at a tentative time cuz I'm not exactly sure when we're going to get on the ship. We have an exact time, but usually they let you on earlier. So we're going to see. I'm going to set it for 3, but it could be earlier. It could be 2. It could be 2:30. So just make sure you have your notification bells on. Um it hopefully won't be later than three, but I'm gonna set it for three just to give us a little cushion. But um that will be on the um Star of the Seas, which is the biggest cruise ship in the world right now with Royal Caribbean. So uh stay tuned for that. Again, that is going to be on Sunday. So I can't wait. So hopefully hopefully we'll get we we did get the Wi-Fi. We purchased it. So, um, so yeah, we'll see. Hopefully it works. So, we're doing Dale and I, if you guys missed the announcement video that we put out over on Adventures of Den and Dale, go over there and subscribe. If you haven't subscribed, go watch the video. It was the Marty girl video with a big announcement. Um, so go Yeah, go subscribe cuz we're going to be doing a lot of cruise content coming up. Hey, Mickey. Mom. Uh, no, Josh is here. He just had to step away for a moment. Yer loved the star. That's going to be awesome. Thanks, Blue. >> Thanks, everybody. Hi, Evan. >> Just went on that trip the week before Christmas. Oh, I can't wait. Edwin, I'm so excited. >> So excited. 423 likes. Please continue to bop that like button. >> Yeah. And if the stream doesn't work, you know, we're going to really try. It should at least work outside if nothing else. And there's a lot to see outside, but hopefully we can show you inside, too. >> Hello, Dapper Canuck. It is a gorgeous evening tonight. It was a beautiful day. Sun is setting, so it's getting a little chillier. >> It's getting busy. Getting busy. Busy busy busy. >> A cute. I love that. >> I know. This water is very clear, isn't it? Oh, awesome, Mickey mom. Yeah, definitely go check it out. Again, that's over on Dale and I's channel, Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Josh has a channel as well, Retro TV1 Tech. If you guys haven't subscribed over there, go subscribe. >> Got the music going over here. >> I guess we can just walk slowly this way. They'll find us, right, >> Ginger? That's so exciting. Epcot Magic Members Night. Is that Is that what that's called at the DDC Lounge? >> Yeah, they definitely cleaned it up. It looks amazing. I mean, I don't even I don't remember it being yucky before, but it is crystal clear right now. Hi, Kevin. Hello, Lori. Hi, Tabitha. Oh, here we go. This is going to be the shot. The money shot right here. >> I love Hi, Jedi Master. A Christa, that's awesome. That'll be fun. Oh, there he is. There goes the Montreal. That's right. And it's 626 right now. 626. So, I see that time all the time. It's crazy. I'm always like, "Dale, look. It's 66. It's my fave." Hello. Hello. Welcome in. I'm so excited for Flower and Garden. That's one of my favorites. >> I finally found it. >> Found what? >> I tried the new thing. It's it it it's the vertical version of the same stream. I finally got it to work. >> Okay. >> YouTube is saying they're pushing these verticals more. So, it's the it's two streams from one thing. >> Okay. >> It all comes in the same chat. So, you can see it's like the same thing. So, >> but you have to carry that around. >> No. >> Oh, >> I'm just telling you I finally found it. >> Oh, okay. >> There's just a switch. So, there's a switch >> cool >> in the um live control room that just says dual stream. >> Oh, >> and so I finally found it by going to shorts and then hitting live. >> Oh, there's our stream. It's a little It's a little laggy, but it works. >> All right. >> But so if somebody chats on this, we see it the same way. >> Nice. >> So it doesn't like it's not like something else we have to watch. >> Okay, good deal. >> It just crops the middle. So it's not as good to see. >> Yeah. If you're watching the vertical, go to the landscape. >> Do you want to stay up here? >> Uh, sure. >> We want to watch the Figma thing. >> Yeah, let's watch the Figma thing. >> Oh, guys. >> Hi. >> Hello. >> How are you? >> My dad has been watching you guys for like six years. >> He is like obsessed. He loves you guys. >> We hooked on you guys in like watch you every single day. >> Thank you. Do you want to say hello? >> Sure. >> Yeah. What are your names? Hi, >> I'm Kennedy. >> I'm Robert. >> Robert. >> Awesome. Nice to meet you. >> Charles. >> Hello. >> Don't forget him. >> Hiding over there. >> Cool. >> Thank you guys. Yeah, you guys. Yeah, absolutely. You guys brought us through co >> Thank you. Thank you for watching. We appreciate it. >> Where are you guys from again? >> Montreal. >> Montreal. >> Cool. Very nice. >> A >> Thank you so much. You're >> awesome. Hope you're having fun. You, too. >> A, >> you want to go? Um, let's see. >> Yeah, let's go back, I guess. >> My brain's a little off right now cuz I'm I'm already in vacation mode. >> Yeah, >> I told everybody we're leaving and to uh expect a cruise ship stream on Sunday at some time. >> There you go. >> I'm setting it for 3, but it could be earlier cuz we just really don't know when we're going to be able to get on board. >> Yeah. >> So, >> look how small the flowers are. So yeah, that'll be on Sunday, guys. I can't wait. You're welcome. Hey, cardboard box. >> Okay. Some of them may not make it. >> Oh, I'm sure they'll make it. They just planted them. >> No, I mean, some of them are like are a little wilty, but maybe they'll be all right. >> Oh, >> they're just little. >> Well, yeah, they have to grow. >> That's what flowers do. >> I know. >> They look a little >> Luckily, it's not as cold, so that is good. Look, the squirrel is going to enjoy them. Y >> that's the problem. Squirrels are eating them. >> No, they're just small. >> Yeah, that anymore. >> You don't need the squirrels. >> No, they're they're too high. >> Hi, Edwin. >> Oh, look. Here's Phineas and Furb. Oh my goodness. How cool. They were here last year. >> They look great. Um, which one's Phineas and which one's FB? I always forget. >> I believe this is Ferb. >> Okay. >> And that's Phineas. Furb is triangle boy. >> Furb brought us some flowers. That was so nice of you, Furb. >> Thank you, Benjamin. We're excited. >> We got to see the creator or I got to see the creators of them at D23. Had a whole panel about it. >> Oh, that's cool. >> It was fun. >> I bet. >> Quite fun. >> They got some snapd dragons out here, which are beautiful. I don't know what those are called, but that's cool. >> Snapdragons. >> All right. >> I learned that from mom and dad. >> Yeah, >> cuz you can kind of see. You see, they kind of look like they have mouths, >> huh? >> See? Like right here? >> Oh, yeah. >> And they actually open. >> Wow. >> So, there you go. >> Oh, it's the other way around, Stacy says. >> Oh, it is the other way around. >> That's what Stacy says. >> Really? All right. Oh, something. >> Thanks, June. >> Oh, it's happening. >> Something's happening. >> That's the That's the imagination. >> Is it? All right. Well, let's go up there. We'll at least catch the end of it. >> We could always come back. >> Yes. >> Oh, I smell something fried. I wonder where that's coming from. >> Hello, Uncle Bill. How are you tonight? >> Money down. Crazy. >> Oh, Phineas is a triangle-headed boy. Yep, she's right. >> I figured she knew. >> Verb is his quieter, tall stepbrother with green hair. >> Oh, step brother. I didn't know they weren't. Okay. Interesting. Well, there you go. Oh, I hear it now. >> Oh, man. We missed the beginning together. Oh, well. >> How often do they go? Uh, every every 10 minutes. >> Hey, Becky. I can move that all kinds of things. Of course, it's your key to unlock the hidden doors. Come on. A dream. A dream come true. A little spark. A little spark. A dream. A dream. A dream come true. All right. >> There you go. >> Yeah, agreed. >> Hi, Jelly. >> Oh, way less. Yeah. I don't know how much this was, but yeah, this this was cuz of installation. >> Yeah. Where do you want to go? >> Um, >> yeah. So, you can see the poles are the same color. Spaceship Earth as is connections and as is underneath. That's the That's the the lighting package on Spaceship Birth. Used to be that at night all the time. >> Not with LEDs, just lights. >> Yeah. >> And now we have some random blue lights in there. >> They were they would mix them and they look nice. >> Well, we could wait for the next show. We could go to the front to see them even better. >> Front. front. >> Yeah, cuz it'll be probably about it'll be probably 30 minutes before they play that show again. So, we're probably >> We could go bad. >> We could go ride uh Nemo. We >> could go >> I didn't really have a plan. >> Uh look at Oh, there's always art I want to look at. >> But it's back that way. >> Yeah. >> So, depends on if you want to see this again or are you good? >> I I mean I'm >> You're good. We can start walking around. >> The Figment show won't be back for another 30 minutes, I think. Okay. >> I think there's three shows. I think there's the standard show, the Beacon of Magic, Epcot show. >> Okay. >> There's this and then there's one more. Oh, Rainbow Connection. I think Rainbow Connection is the next one. >> Oh, I like that one. That one's really good. Um, they said, "Is there a big announcement for Saturday?" Um Josh is doing a all day stream. >> Yeah. >> Um, tomorrow. >> Fun. It's been a long time. >> Yeah. >> So, we're just going to try it. >> I won't be because I'm getting ready to go on the cruise. >> Yes. >> We also have to paint our house where we had pipes. Oh, yeah. You're doing that tomorrow. >> Well, >> maybe >> I guess so. >> Okay. >> We got our drywall finally in and you have to wait 48 hours to paint. >> Yeah. >> So, that's tomorrow. >> Oh, okay. >> Or we'll do it when we get back. But >> yeah, >> knowing Dale, we'll probably do it tomorrow. >> Get it done before we go. >> Yeah, that makes sense. >> Yep. >> Yeah. The ground the light have not been working in the ground for a while. >> Oh, yeah. They only they only worked for they >> I think there's only a couple days I was here that they worked really >> and then I think >> I don't know where I'm going. I'm just walking. >> Well, there's some art over here we could show. >> Okay. >> Sorry, resort budgeting. I'm sorry you had a rough week. That's no bueno. >> Yeah, we could definitely go on the three kabaros. The three kabaros. Oh, Rey's at a 85 minute wait. Holy moly. Oh, >> what? >> The lights. >> Oh, >> hi Nikki. >> Oh, that dino. >> That really is not too bad. >> Dino, I got to put my ears back on. >> The Dinoap. >> The grape. Grape Sprite tastes like >> Yeah. Anything grape tastes like Dinoap to me, guys. I can't have it. No bueno. >> How excited would you have been if you saw a guy >> That's funny. Nikki >> throwing a big giant >> Jenna's getting your house painted at the same time as a castle. >> Those big giant balls they used to sell here. >> Ball ZAC. >> Yeah, I forgot about those. >> We still have one, but they're >> I know. Put Put the fiber optic lights back. Agreed. >> When she was little, >> there's no art over here. No art. >> There used to be used to be art over here, but there's not anymore. There is Montreal though. >> That's true, Maria. Yeah. Having it done before the paint having it done before you go will help the paint fumes go away. Yeah, for sure. They said if you do it now, the paint fumes will be gone by the time you get back. >> That's a good point, too. Yeah. >> Oh, the first night might be a little rough, but >> it might be rough. Yeah. >> I thought there was art over here. There's not anymore. >> Oh, over there. Are you guys going to accept new sponsors soon? My business aligns perfectly with both education and the parks. Yeah. Yeah. We we we we accept new sponsors. We just have to, you know, we just have to talk and make sure we're all in agreement with everything. But Hi, >> guys. Hi. How are you? So happy to meet you. >> Thank you. and we just wanted to say hi >> and we enjoy you guys all the time. >> We're down here from uh Detroit from the cold. >> Yeah, we're the winter and we camp all over Florida. >> So, we're at the camp. >> Thank you very much for all you do. >> It's our pleasure. Welcome. Welcome to Florida. >> You guys enjoy Bye. Thanks for watching. >> Yeah. Busy. >> Oh, so as far as sponsor goes. Yeah. So, no. So, if you're interested in sponsoring, you know, like we obviously don't want to like have too many, but it's not really a limit. So, yeah, just send us an email. Uh, the easiest one is my email that I use on the uh about page of the channel. Uh, it's just Resort TV and the word one atgmail. So, it's just that, but you can email me and we can figure it out. But yeah, that's the main thing is just making sure it all all fits together and everybody's in agreement with everything. Like we've turned down a few um not more than a few, but sponsorships like we'll ask somebody will ask like to sponsor us for a certain like game or something. It's like oh that game is not really appropriate for like what we do. So then we don't take those. So yeah, there's a lot of In fact, I get a lot of things in my email for game sponsorships. But like, you know, if as long as it fits with what we do, we we think about it for sure. Oh, look at this. There's the Beauty and the Beast here. Oh, BDF, I hope you're okay. Hey, Nikki. That one's hard to see. >> Yeah, this is Kate. >> Yep. >> Yeah, they're usually over here. Well, and also like several other places. >> Yeah. >> Josh told Jenna after they paint cut up garlic and put put in the room. They paint it. Absorbs the fume. Oh, fun. I didn't know that. Fumes. I did not know that. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. I love this one. Isn't that cool? >> We have one in New York and uh at night you turn the lights down. >> Oh, that's >> Oh, wow. All right, guys. Give me just a second. >> Yeah. >> Is there any correlation between the weight times for single rider and the weight times for regular? So, in other words, if regular is 2 hours, single rider can be X or is it usually about the same? No, because people will choose. Usually if the main line's longer, single will also be longer, but not always. And so there's no like there's not always correlation. Like >> it depends on the ride. Test track, the single rider moves pretty well because you have to have groups of six and that's harder to do. Got it? >> Whereas Rock and Roller Coaster and Everest move kind of slow because you only need even numbers. >> So it's it's it's if there's sixes even like Radiator Springs Racers at Disneyland moves pretty quick. Y that's I figured I asked that question because yeah people might want >> for sure. >> Welcome back everybody. >> Just had to switch out connection real quick to save some battery. Yeah. Here's the the big version. >> So pretty machine >> single riders never than 15 on test track. Yeah. >> Yeah. Oh yeah. You can see the texture actually. Look at this. Yeah. You can see the texture. Thank you. So they have they have a few of these. I mean this is one of the only places that yeah you could get these hand painted without special order. Um I think this the hand painted are about five grand usually which makes sense. >> Ours were cheaper. They were gishlays. Gishlays whatever they called g i le e. I don't know how to pronounce them. So they're basically >> I don't know how they're done but they're not >> they're not as expens expensive. It's >> like as you can see the texture right there if you look from the side. >> So beautiful. I'm streaming at Magic Kingdom tomorrow. Oh, wow. Spider-Man. That's not something you don't expect. >> I know. Isn't that cool? It's right there. >> Oh, that's the bigger one. Yeah. >> Oh, I like the mermaid. >> I like this very important moment. >> You have this You have one of these Star Wars ones, don't you? >> Yeah. >> Commando, >> I have the one No, I have the one with the with um Yoda lifting the X-wing. >> Oh, >> it's more or less 50%. I've noticed it's usually less than 50%. But it depends. >> So that's a print. You can tell that's a print. >> If you look at it from the side, it's just one texture. >> OG clay. >> Okay. So that that's what he was just saying. So they've added like sparkles and stuff to it. It's machine printed, but they've added some things to kind of like plus it up a little bit. >> So, like this is straight up, if you look at this one, it's straight up a canvas. You can see that there's no paint strokes on it. >> All right. Very cool. Excuse us. >> So, she just said the G- Clay is like they add stuff to it later after they print it. >> So, I heard her answering it. I I was listening. I was listening. So So this is G clay right here. >> Yeah. See this? Yeah. >> This is a beautiful >> and this one too. Okay. So >> So you're saying you're saying um so the only hand painted ones are out there. >> So this is >> fully fully painted >> and then they hand touch it or hand highlight. >> Hand highlighted. >> Cool. Look at the little Mickey. >> Yeah. >> Gold Mickey. >> Oh, that's cool. >> Little gold Mickey there, guys. I wonder if they're >> Yeah. I don't know. There's the monster we got. >> So, I don't know what time I'm starting tomorrow. Probably 9 or 9:30, depending if I can get up. I I'm sure I will be able to. We're not going to be out late tonight, but that's the plan. >> That's the plan. >> Get out here. Okay. >> Let's see. >> Look at this one, David. Oh, I see. >> Yeah, I got you. >> Oh, wow. Look at the Darth Vader one there. That's cool. >> Yeah, that's really cool. This is coming out of the back to tank, I'm assuming. Maybe. Yeah, it's hard to tell. I remember there was a watercolor guy that used to do a lot of paintings. David Doss. >> Oh yeah, I've heard of him. >> There's a couple other here. It looks like so outside these really big ones are the hand the fully painted ones. >> Oh yeah. >> And you can tell if you look at it. >> That's pretty. >> Yeah, you can. So D So David, look at you can see the texture on this one. >> Yeah. The whole thing. So that's more than just the touch. Look at this. >> See all the texture and the brush strokes. >> Oh, she found a stitchy one. >> You guys probably hard to see on the stream, but >> there's Miss Stitchy. >> Yeah. >> Did you say No, you don't. >> But it's just a classroom. >> Oh, it's a classroom. That's fun. >> Isn't that fun? >> Yeah. >> Oh, I won't have that one. That's >> uh >> I don't see mine. And I think there's a there's a well maybe maybe with the Star Wars stuff wherever that is >> all over. >> Yeah, there's so many great great um really just great pieces of art here. >> They're more over there now. >> Are there >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. We may have to go over there next. >> Yeah, definitely. They're just kind of scattered. >> Yeah, the one the one I have is in my room. >> Oh, wow. That's cool. >> Oh, is this it? >> It's where they're on uh I see it. >> Yeah, it's this this one. >> Oh, there he is. I didn't see Yoda. >> Yeah. So, he's right here. >> Yeah. >> So, it's um >> Yeah, it says do or do not. There is no try. >> Um and what's the name of I um >> Daddy Grou. >> Oh, the this the the swamp planet that they're on. Uh starts with a D, I think, or something. I'm like totally losing my mind. I I I if you wouldn't have asked me, I would have known. Or if I wouldn't have asked myself. >> If you wouldn't have asked, you wouldn't. >> If I wouldn't have asked myself, >> then you would not have known. >> Dagaba. Thank you. Dagaba. >> I kept want to say Duku, but that's the count. Count Dooku. No, Dagaba. >> Wow. >> Dagaba. Thank you. Yeah. >> Yeah. So, that's the uh Clay. I love the Disneyland one with the Christmas wreaths on it. >> This one straight ahead >> Brand Studios. >> Taylor Summerland did the Haunted Mansion like photos. >> I love this one. Oh, it's great. But I texted you. So they had a small height and then he also did the Snow White Elsa Belle and Rapunzel that are on the outer wall. >> And they're very different than what you guys are used to, but they're gorgeous. >> Oh, wow. >> Yeah. >> So good. >> I love the living with the land one, too. That's fun. >> I know. Me, too. >> Can you comment, princess? Thank you. >> Yes. Now, that one is the original. So, that is the one of our beautiful so >> All right, guys. >> Have you all check out the >> Actually, if we go in the shop for a second, the the uh the Imagination show should be on in about uh in about 10 minutes. So, we lose them. Oh, they're looking at painting. Oh, they're Oh, they're going to buy something. >> Print. >> Oh, they're going to buy it. Okay. >> I'll text them. We'll be in the shop. >> Okay. >> We'll be in the shop. >> Playground over there. Right here behind the tree. You can't see it there. >> Oh, wow. I wonder if they're redoing it. >> Doing it for flower garden. >> Oh, yeah. They just add some things to it. Okay. >> I got to go see a chiropractor. My neck. Oh yeah. >> Yeah. Poor Liam hurt himself uh at the this ninja ninja place we went for his friend's birthday. >> And he tried to do a a somersault off of a little uh a trampoline type thing. >> Yeah. >> And he his friends were doing he was having trouble getting rotation and I just said I and another one of the moms said just tuck your head. >> Yeah. >> Problem was he did but he ended up landing on his head and his neck like it like put all the weight on his neck and so yeah, he's okay. We just had him like stay out of PE for a couple days and stuff, but yeah, it was really really sad. So, we'll we'll take him to the chiropractor this next week here. >> I should have went before we leave. I just didn't have time. >> Yeah. No retro movie paintings only like Snow White. Yeah, there's some Cinderella stuff and Beauty and the Beast stuff, too. There's Beauty and the Beast. That's definitely a retro movie now, which is crazy. >> Aladdin >> in the '90s. I mean, I don't know what what you consider retro, but you know, any video games from the '90s are considered retro, so I would assume the movies are too. >> They were talking about like any uh paintings we saw if they were retro. Snow White was the only one. I was like, "No, I think there's there's more retro than that." >> There's Peter Pan paintings, too. I've seen those. are done. >> So, yeah. >> And there's Lady in the Like, they have them. You just have to look around. >> They do. They do. >> They have them. Lug >> lug bags, too. >> That's an interesting one. >> They're um fit your water bottle. >> Oh, water. It keeps it cold. And then you got your, you know, money or your phone. >> Very smart. >> Yeah. And these are just the regular ones. >> And games that's 10 years old makes it retro. Wow. So, a game from 2016 is retro now. >> That's interesting. Makes sense, I guess. >> This is a cute. >> Well, in 2016, there was no Switch, so I guess that makes sense. >> Look, a random skirt with a towel. >> But it's really cute. It's a cute random skirt. >> Obviously, somebody put it there, but >> Yeah. No, we were definitely worried about him and his his neck being safe, for sure. Hi. How are you? >> How are you? >> Good. Hello. >> We love y'all's videos. >> We've actually met y'all once before, but we just wanted to come say hi. >> Yeah, I'm glad you did. It >> was cool to see y'all. >> Remind me where you're from. >> New Orleans. >> Okay, cool. Awesome. >> Hope you're having fun. Hi. >> Enjoying the weather. >> Yes. Very nice. >> It's so nice. >> It It's been amazing. >> You came at a good time. >> Yeah. Last week I heard you all had >> freezing for Florida >> for a couple weeks. I I was even I was even dumber and I went to New York that weekend. It was like 1°ree with a - 9 windchill. >> And we froze here, just not as much as that. >> Yeah. Right. I know. And all the poor plants here. >> I know. All the the grass, the plants. Yeah. >> Yeah. Most of the bushes at my school are dead. >> Really? >> Yeah. So, they're going to have to replant everything. >> It never gets that. Well, I say never. It's been 10 or 15 years since it got that cold. >> So, >> yeah. >> Since I've lived here, it hasn't been that cold. >> Crazy. That was so cool to see you, too. >> Thanks for watching. Bye >> bye. >> So, my ears my ears are build your own ears and so you can put these on there. >> Yeah. >> And they have a sorcerer Mickey hat. >> That's fun. >> Hey, Eden. How are you? >> Love that. >> Hey, we'll go back out here and see if we can find see if the see if the uh the show is on. Okay. Yeah. So, this is the this is the beacon show and then the next and then the next few minutes will be uh the imagination. >> I think I'd like to go around to the front to see the whole experience of it. That'll be my last time seeing it probably. >> When is this close? >> Like next week or the week after. I might come back one more time. I just love hearing that old especially the the carousel music from the you know where they have like the the um little white horses and everything. Yeah. >> And figment with the artist pallet. >> Yes. >> Oh, I will. >> Wait. February 23rd. >> 23rd. Okay. So, the week after next. >> Yep. >> We are heading to the front of Spaceship Earth. >> Did Josh drop any videos from New York? No, I didn't film. Well, okay. Wait. I filmed some of the a capella groups and I got permission to post those. >> Um, so we just need to uh I just need to edit it. >> I thought there was no line of just one side. Oh, that's why there's no line because they closed it. The line is You're good. The line is not open. That's why it's up. >> There's a long line on the other side. Very long. >> So, anyway, um yeah, I'm going to post u videos of Liam and I's a capella performance and a few of the other ones. And the whole goal is to raise awareness for the awesome organization Singstrong. So, that's a it's a great great um organization that uh supports Alzheimer's research >> and uh so we're excited to uh support and partner with them for sure. >> By the way, let us know if you're watching on the vertical stream. I haven't done that very many times and I don't think it even really worked last time, so I verified it working this time. And so, if you're watching on vertical, let me know. If not, you can the chat goes to the same place so you can chat and I can see both chats. >> I thought you were going to say if not, you don't have to let me know. >> If not, no. Well, and I would encourage you to to click on the uh go subscribe to our channel and click on the uh horizontal landscape one because you're going to see more >> see more. So, the same composer of the music, PROC, has done something has done similar theming music at Tokyo Disney Sea. Nice. Hey, Kathleen. I'm glad you're enjoying the Oh, the snippets. Yeah, I've been trying to do some of those. Thank you, Kathleen. >> I did the Tom Sawyer Island update. was sad, but you could see if you go on the top of the hill by where Big Thunder is, you can see u the fact that Tom Sawyer Island's completely gone. >> Oh, okay. >> So, I did a little update video from there. Like, you don't even have to you don't have to raise the camera over the fence even. You can just see it from the hill. >> No, I got you. >> And uh >> sad. >> While you're waiting on that, I will find you. I'm going to use this bathroom. >> Okay. >> Oh, good. I'm glad you guys are loving the new videos. Well, I'll keep them up. A butterfly. It's a bathroom butterflies. Just kidding. Anyway, kind of sad, but um the town island thing kind of sad, but what's uh you know, we'll see how the Cars Land Piston Peak ends up and we'll get on a ride here in a little bit. >> Yeah, I'd love to visit Tokyo Disney Sea. It's like nobody's watching on the shorts feed. That's okay. >> Or if they do, they're not they're not chatting yet. >> Well, you're welcome to join in the chat anytime. >> Florida has hills. A few. Not not as many as most places. >> Hey, Debbie. >> Yeah. Heat. Heat. So, here here's the shorts feed. Oh, it's weird. They changed it into landscape mode. Maybe I need to like re Maybe I need to re um refresh or something. But there's the shorts video. That's cool. >> Hey, Grey Rose. Ratatouille is about 80 minutes or something. So, I don't know that we'll be able to do that one. The line was out the door. >> Oh, no bueno. >> No bueno. >> That's interesting. So, now it's showing us this landscape. >> Huh. Well, at least it works. Here comes the Montreal. eventually set up. >> You guys are having a whole discussion about the definition of retro. Yeah. Well, you know, that's a one of those things where you can definitely argue or argue or debate that any way you want because there's a lot of different meanings for it and a lot of different terms. So, yeah, it's a always an interesting discussion. All right, let's see. >> So, we at 2 minutes till showtime. By chance, are you the person doing live streams or Adam's Celebration of Life? Justin said he had somewhat experienced in live streaming. Actually, no. No, they didn't. Uh, we're not going to California. We can't can't do that. I wish I if it was in Orlando, I would totally go cuz obviously we really, you know, just >> and we really loved loved Adam and Yeah. Yeah, but there's lots of other streamers, so I'm sure he got somebody great. But no, it would have been cool and we would have been honored, but no. Um, we're like I said, I I don't know about Jenna, but I'm I'm definitely not going to make it out there. >> No, I'm losing. >> Yeah. So, I I Well, I think it's March. >> Oh, >> Jess posted it. >> Okay. >> So, yeah, it's um >> that would be neat, but no. >> No. Which is fine. >> Again, we don't live out there, so >> Nope. Yeah, I would have loved to have gone. >> Yeah. >> That's what it's supposed to look like. See how it's cropped like that? There's the regular food and there's that. Okay. Enjoy, guys. From flowers, purple and blue, from twilight hours, green summer hills and rainbows play a work of art. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Happy dance. Happy birthday. I look at that all kinds of course to I dream of a dream. Imagination. We all imaginations and all our eyes are a little Yay. >> That's all, folks. >> I love it. Uh, Larry Stockov 1999. Thanks for another great Friday Night Live. Awesome. >> I'm actually going to go on the right and see if that bathroom's less. >> Sounds good. >> Some reason that onear lined up. >> Yeah, all good. Thanks, Larry. >> And uh I want to talk about some of our awesome sponsors. We've got Mickey Blog and mickeyras.com. If you want to book your next trip to Walt Disney World or any of the Disney parks or cruises, just check out mickeyblog.com. Well, for the latest Disney news and mickeyras.com to book your next trip right here to Walt Disney World or any Disney park. So, check it out. Mickeyblog.com and mickeytras.com. Thank you. Also, um definitely go ahead and check out um resort tv1homes.com if you want to find your dream home here in Central Florida. That's resort tv1homes.com. We're brokered by expy again. Resorttv1homes.com. Go check them out, guys. >> Can use this bathroom. I can meet you. >> Sure, that's fine. Um >> let's go on a ride after >> um wherever. I'll just meet you. >> Okay. >> I'm trying to think either the land or imagination since we were in both of those buildings today. >> Yeah. You decide and then I'll just don't wait on me. Just go. Otherwise, we're not going to wait until >> Sounds good. >> Okay. We'll find you. >> Okay. All right. Let's see. Where do we want to go? >> I'm kind of I guess we didn't do Imagination on Tuesday, so maybe we should do that. I don't know. What do you guys think on the stream? Would you guys rather do What would you guys rather do, Dave and G? Imagination or the land? >> Oh, we don't care that. The stream is >> Okay. >> As long as it's not mission space. >> No, we're not doing mission space. Boy, Spaceship Earth though is uh quite lined up. Yes. >> It's also like the queue is like blocking the road like quite a bit. >> It's a butterfly. It's a bathroom butterfly. All right. So, imagination the land. Okay. Here. Actually, can I post a poll? I think I can, but I have to do it from the desktop version of the browser. Let's see. Cuz you can't. This is where YouTube needs to get it together, man. Let me see if I can do it from here. Let's see. Okay. Okay. >> I might be able to do it from here. >> Let's post a poll. >> All right. Let's see if I can do it. Maybe. Maybe. Oh, I think I got it. Okay, here we go. Uh, okay. Maybe. >> Oh, there we go. Okay. Plus start a poll. >> Okay. Which >> ride? >> Uh it says land and no. Now >> land of what? >> It says land. The one choice for the poll is land and the other one is no. land or no. >> All right, there we go. >> How do you ride? No. >> I don't know. You guys want to ride? No. All right, there we go. >> Ride the fireworks. >> All right, here we go. All right, the poll is on. Vote now or forever hold your peace. We will This is uh This is popularity vote here. Here we go. Check it out. Right now, we got uh 67 votes. That's perfect. A perfect number. 67. Oh no. >> Oh no. Oh yes. That was it. Oh yeah. That's the Family Guy thing. The Kool-Aid Man pops through the wall. Oh no. Oh no. Oh yeah. All right. Right now we are at 68% for land and 20 31% for imagination. So I'm going to give you guys until we get to the crossroads between the two. So you got to vote quick when we get to the crossroads between there. And if you don't have a uh you have to do this on a mobile device or on a computer. You can't do this from your TV. I don't think you can. So, it's probably you can maybe it's very complicated. So, grab a phone. >> That's right. You can't yell at the TV. Grab your phone. Log on to the stream and uh vote. But you can only vote once. >> All right. Right now it is. Let's see. Uh, it's kind of a landslide at this point. I think I know. >> Only 190 votes. That was a That was a definitely more of a landslide than I thought it might be. >> All right, imagination people, you got a couple more. You got like maybe one more minute. >> If you want imagination to have a uh have a comeback. >> Discover props and costumes for your favorite stage. Let's go >> grab my phone to to uh log on and vote, but I'm watching on live TV. Nice. Or on the TV. It's a landslide. That's awesome. Only 10% voted. I know. You guys got to make your voices heard. >> Nope. That's it. I think the land has it. Look at that. 71 to 29. Wow. >> Poor Figment. Yeah, I don't think that's coming back. That's like uh that's like Alabama in the Indiana game in the Rose Bowl. I don't think that one's coming back. >> Oh, sorry Alabama fans. >> CBS News called it. >> They did. You know what was funny? Um, every single commentator that or most of them except maybe Pat McAfee that called that game said that Alabama was going to win. Even though Indiana was number one, even though whatever, they were like, "No, Alabama's going to beat him." It was like not even close. Look at that. Looks like the tree in the safari from >> It does. The baobob tree. >> All right. Well, looks like we're doing the land, everybody. 7030. That's respectable. Maybe we'll do imagination if we have time, but that's respectable. I'm going to go ahead and end the poll. Okay. So, we're already heading to land now because again, I don't think that's coming back. >> Oh, there you can see both the streams. You can see the horizontal and the vertical. That's cool. Let's >> see what happens if I click on this one. >> Nothing. It looks the same. >> Good job, YouTube. That's a That's a fantastic fantastic user experience. >> They're still working on it, guys. Let them let them cook. That's what the kids say now. Let them cook. Let Let them Let them cook. Well, it's good to see you if you can dream it, Heather. #notmelony. >> Oh, I No, I haven't seen the new animatronics. So, Frozen's got new animatronic uh >> the faces are different. Yeah, they are. >> I think on that earlier >> Oh, fun. >> Yeah, it's pretty pretty long line for Frozen, but now it's new, so it's even more more long line. Even animal. >> Wow, that's pretty far back. >> I've been working really hard on my second channel. The algorithm is infuriating. Feels like playing the lottery. No, it is. And and and the algorithm is so tuned to like every video has to be viral. It's either viral or it tanks. That's the algorithm now. It's viral or it tanks. There's no middle ground anymore. These live streams are kind of a a little outlier middle ground. But the problem is YouTube is pushing shorts so hard and I think it's it's a mistake. They're trying to be something they're not. Like YouTube is not Tik Tok. It's to me it's better because nobody you know it's hard to search stuff on Tik Tok. Nobody searches really much on unless you you're searching for your friend or you're searching for a certain star celebrity or you know whatever but nobody's like let me search how to you know how to get weeds out of my garden. Nobody searches that on TikTok you know I'm not saying nobody but very few people like it's not YouTube is that kind of platform where you can actually search for things in real time. I'm going to have to ask you after all the all the coke I'm going to take one more restroom break so I'm going to have to ask you guys to entertain the chat for a second. That'll be way more fun than the BRB. Yay, sports team, Dapper Conucks says. Yeah, that's what I say. Sports ball. Go sports ball. I don't like sports on YouTube. I like long form. Yeah. So, I was saying YouTube's trying to be too much like Twitter. That's what we were talking about earlier. >> Or not Twitter, Tik Tok. >> Tik Tok is fine, but nobody goes on there like let me figure out how to get weeds out of my garden or out of my yard. Nobody searches stuff on there. They just death uh death death scroll doom scroll. >> Whereas YouTube is a place where you actually search and find information. I think they realize they're losing a lot of money on short content. >> Yeah. >> So, most avoid the clock like the plague because we find it overwhelming. Yeah, for sure. My second channel is focusing on shorts. It's doing good, but there's such an invariance in impressions. I'll get 5K on one and two on the next. Here, I'll be right back. Say hi to David, everybody. Okay, >> you got it. >> Yep. >> Okay. >> I will try not to. >> If the gimbal gets weird, just double click the trigger. >> Okay. Yeah. Uh, cardboard box. I think that the Disney dollars are worth about the same amount as the Italian LRA right about now. Um, I am we are DVC members. Hi Jay. Um, Ann Marie, we are from New Jersey. Hey, Kelly. Ray Rose, hello. Boy, Josh is right. This chat moves very, very fast. Yep. We just got here very late in the morning. So, >> well, you know, cardboard box, why don't you bring it to Todd at uh at TNT Amusement? See if he'll take it. Hi, Edwin. I will try not to ruin everybody's uh viewing pleasure. Hi, Karen Forester. Hey, Bit Ritz. How are my two favorite kiddos? Um, Jenna is indisposed at the moment. Josh took a quick pit stop. That's great, Heather. Yeah, we're up in northern New Jersey. We still have about a foot and a half of snow on the ground. Maria, we are looking forward to seeing our daughter sing at uh Saratoga Springs on Sunday. >> Tell Xavier to uh keep practicing that magic trick. We're going to see it soon. >> Hey, John. How are you doing? >> Yes. Uh, I sound like Josh if he had a cold and he had six cups of coffee. >> Uh, she is with us. She just stepped away for a moment. >> Hi, Kelly. How you doing? >> Not quite in Hamburg, but up north. And uh, thank you for being patient. I hope I didn't ruin your viewing experience, but I'm going to hand it back over to >> Yeah, we on the other side. >> The big guy. >> I got you. Thank you, sir. >> You're welcome. >> Appreciate it. >> You're right. That chat is ridiculously fast. >> It is fast. >> If you're in the middle of reading something and then just disappears. >> Well, and you can and you can scroll it, but like >> No, I wasn't going to touch your phone. >> No, you're fine. But like it it's really crazy. Yeah. Yeah, I'm going to work with Ken now that he lives here on maybe tweaking the chat so that it's easier to see. Oh, you had dinner here earlier. That was fun. >> One one of the hoppers said and goes, I thought that sounded like a different person. I said, "Yeah, it's Josh." If he had a cold and had like 17 cups of coffee. >> Wow, it's a lot of coffee. >> Caffeine. >> Yes, for sure. There it does a little bit. Be right back, guys. as I'm going to switch connection on the stairs even >> Yeah. Thank you. And we're back. >> Smooth as butter. >> All right. Dave had a future. He did well. Good. They said you did well. >> Okay. I was aiming for not. >> It sounds like you didn't. >> After messing up the bottles. >> Oh, no. What was it? Cuz I I had I was like, "Okay, it's your turn." And like you just didn't say anything. >> You're like, "So, we're going to have a great tomorrow." And you just like looked at me like that's you. >> Was it um like like Kermit says in Muppet Vision, that's you penguins. >> Ow. They're like, "Oh. stream. >> It's the stream. >> Oh, this was down for a bit. He said, "Start Resort TV, too." Nice. I love it. So, it was neat. We talked to Leaf and he's uh he and his wife kind of knew the general area where we live. >> Oh, nice. That is cool. Very small worldish. >> It's a small world after all. >> How many are we? >> Three. fries. >> I love fries. You have to take a break to go grocery shopping. Good luck. May the odds be ever in your favor. I love the veggie veggie fruit fruit song which was just over there on the other side by where Saurin is now. That's where you would go into both a kitchen cabaret and food rocks. Uh, >> three. >> Number nine, please. >> Can we ask Can we Never mind. It's fine. Thank you. Now, sit back, relax, and enjoy living with the land. Hey Jamie, >> I like both. I think the problem with the human narration was that they wouldn't put as many boats out and so the line would always routinely even on a not busy day would be like 45 minutes or an hour. So that would be a problem. So that's the only reason I kind of like this better. But I do I do miss the interaction with the human narrator like in Great Movie Ride. Uh Martin Martin sent $10 on PayPal. Martin says, "Uh, thank you for a great Friday night stream once again." Thank you, Martin, for the $10 PayPal. Appreciate it. Oh yeah, it's a good ride. For your safety, please remain behind the yellow. >> Past midnight in the UK and I'm full of cold. >> You cheer me up by being at my favorite park. A thanks Carmela. I hope you feel better. >> Welcome to Living with the Man. As you board the boat, please lower your head and watch your step. For your safety, remain seated with your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the boat at all times. Parents, please supervise your children and refrain from flash photography or using video lights until we reach the green houses. Please thank you for sit back, relax, and enjoy living with the land. So you can ask our access our PayPal paypal.me resort TV1. It's a paypal.me/ resort TV1. All right. >> Welcome to a voyage of discovery and awareness of the richness, the diversity, and the often surprising nature of living with the land. Our journey begins as dramatic and sudden changes are sweeping over the land. The approaching storm may seem violent and destructive to us, but to nature, it's a new beginning of the cycle of life. Beneath the surface of the land, roots trap water from the flowing mud, extracting precious nutrients and minerals. These elements when combined with sunlight create the diverse living systems of our planet. One of those living systems is forests cover only a tiny portion of the earth's surface. But In the desert, nature has created a very different, no less beautiful living system. And while this arid landscape may seem lifeless, it is very much alive. The plants and animals that have learned to survive in these harsh conditions make use of what little water they can find and avoid the scorching rays of the relentless sun. The American prairie once appeared as desolate as the desert. But over time, rainwater and nutrients gradually penetrated the hard surface of this land. Even the hooves of the mighty buffalo helped create the rich soil that would one day become home to the American farm. No, no, no. Of all the forces at work on the land, humans have had one of the most profound effects. The need to produce food for a growing world led to the enormous use and sometimes overuse of the land. In our search for more efficient ways to grow food, we often fail to realize the impact of our methods. Today, we're learning to live with the land, discovering better ways to grow food that will assure both human and environmental well-being. In Japan, we learned that by mixing and others into our soil, we can make farmland more fertile without the need for chemicals. Here at Epcot, we're learning to reduce the need for chemical pesticides by breeding and using natural predators like ladybugs and wasps to control pests. In the farmlands across America, we're learning that by plowing under vegetation containing natural fertilizers, we can enrich the soil without the use of chemicals. >> In arid regions, we're learning to produce food on desert sea coasts by developing and planting crops that thrive on salt water. >> How will tomorrow's growing needs for food production yet still respect the needs of the land? Some of the answers are being discovered just ahead. To help us maintain these carefully controlled ecosystems and for your safety, please remain seated in your boat at all times. Welcome to our living laboratories where scientists from Epcot and the US Department of Agriculture are exploring innovative ways to produce bountiful harvests now and into the future. The tropics are home to the greatest diversity of plants on the planet. Many of these, like papaya, bananas, cacao, coffee, and rice, are well known around the world. These are just a few of the edible plants that have been an important source of nutrition for people living in the tropics. Many are rich in vitamins and minerals, while others are well adapted to growing in less than ideal conditions. Some, like the water lily, thrive in wet, swampy areas and waterways. All parts of this plant, even the flower petals, are edible. The starchy root of the plant has long been used to make flour for baking. One day, many of these lesserknown tropical plants may be as important as the bananas growing on both sides of the boat. More than 28 million tons of bananas are eaten annually, making it the most popular fruit in the world. When I do that, When we mention farming, you probably don't think of fish, but fish farming or aquaculture accounts for nearly half of all the seafood consumed globally. Tilapia, bass, and catfish, like the ones you see here, are three of the more popular crops raised by fish farmers. The sustainable system we're using here recycles the water in the tanks. As a result, we're able to save millions of gallons each year. Our small fish bar produces nearly 5,000 lbs of fish each year to serve in restaurants around Walt Disney World. Innovations like this one can play an important role in our efforts to produce powerful harvests and still protect natural resources. Heat. Heat. While there are more than 50,000 edible plant species in the world, most of us are only familiar with the handful that make up our everyday diet. The common grains growing here, wheat, mazize, sorghum, and millet, plus rice, account for nearly 2/3 of our global food consumption. Learning how to increase yields of these staples is an important goal of research around the world. These plants are definitely on their way up. Innovative growing techniques like these increase yields while more efficiently using resources like water, fertilizer, and pesticides. Another innovation at work here is our integrated pest management program. By populating our green houses with beneficial insects that prey on harmful pests like aphids and flies, we are significantly reducing our reliance on conventional pesticides. We're growing these crops using our nutrient film system. This technique precisely controls and recycles water and nutrients. With it, we can produce over 27,000 heads of lettuce a year in this one small area. Some of our best ideas have been inspired by nature like these fruit and vegetable trees. By growing these ground plants vertically, we can increase yields and better control diseases. These crops taste as good as they look. In fact, we serve more than 15 tons of produce from our green houses in restaurants here at the land every year. Do it. >> That's a fan. The future of agriculture may include innovative ideas like this vertical growing system. Plants grown in this way use a fraction of the space required by traditional growing methods that saves water and increases production. The aquaponic system on your left combines hydroponics with aquaculture. The fish provide a natural source of fertilizer for the plants and the plants help keep the water clean for the fish. It's another great way to produce more while using less. In our lab, Epcot scientists are working with the US Department of Agriculture on a number of innovative projects. The goal of these efforts is to produce higher yielding and better quality plants. What's that? You see? Where's the daddy? These green houses represent just a fraction of the work being done worldwide to produce bountiful harvests for our growing population. Scientists, farmers, and even backyard gardeners are doing their part to improve the quantity and quality of foods that we all rely upon. Together, we can continue to find more ways to increase food production and protect our precious natural environment. Only then will we truly be living with the land. On behalf of Walt Disney World, we hope you've enjoyed this unique journey through our living laboratories. If you'd like a closer look, then check out the behind the scenes walking tour. It's a chance for the whole family to get up close and personal with the plants and growing techniques in our laboratory. Please keep your hands and feet inside the boat and remain seated until the boat comes to a complete stop. Please gather all your personal belongings. Lower your head and watch your step as you exit. Thank you. All right. Well, there we go. That was very relaxing. Peaceful, even. Amazing. Pam food for the win. So, hopefully Jenna's going to meet us up here somewhere. She just had to go to the restroom and all the restrooms were really busy. So there was like the one was like a line out the around the corner. >> They turned the uh bit rate up a little bit. >> So dream they used to have those quick closing doors beginning and the end thing. >> Yes. No, they did. >> Those things closed, right? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah, they had really quick uh it was a garage door that went up and down. >> Yeah, cuz they were trying to keep the air conditioning in and all that. >> Oh, yeah. And that big fountain in the middle was so pretty. >> They had that jazz music all the time. >> Oh, that's awesome. Granders. Oh, the the Yeah, they did. That was cool. And the um the plane flyby. Yeah, I think that was a fan cooling down. It sounded like a >> Sounds like a plane, but I think it was a fan swinging down cuz the airport is not close enough for us to hear that. >> Yeah, we'll be seeing fireworks for sure. For sure. >> I know. All right. Well, there you go. >> The land. >> Okay. Sorry. Just want I'm just meandering. >> I know. They're just hanging around. >> There we go. One of the girls. >> Oh. Oh, cool. >> I only knew she had a Mayo sweatshirt on. >> Oh, fun. All right. >> All right. Let me turn the uh I'm going to turn the I'm going to change the connection back to what we had it before. So, real quick, then we'll save a little battery. >> All right, here we go. Okay. So, we're going to head over to >> There you go. >> Oh, Jenny's behind us. Okay. >> All right. Yep. Jenna's coming out behind us. I guess she she didn't see us coming out. I thought maybe she'd be right there waiting for us. She must have just missed us. Well, there's uh the Rainbow Connection. Next time, go to the coral reef. I'm gonna order the land tilapia. Oh, yeah. Nice. Yeah, they um next time I go to the coral reef, I'm gonna order the land tilapia. Yeah, they they really do like have a lot of um a lot of the fish and plants and things that they use in the different um restaurants are from the land, which is so cool. >> Hey, Stacy. Hello, Mega Byron. All right. She should There she is. >> I thought maybe you'd be waiting there, but I thought maybe you were somewhere else. at the table and I was watching and then I just looked at something else real quick and then all of a sudden I was like, "Well, dang it. They're out already." >> You know how you look down for a second and then bam. >> So, hi. >> Hi. >> I'll hand it to you cuz I need to I need >> How was the ride? >> It was good. Very relaxing. >> Good. >> They voted. I had I put a poll up and they voted for land over imagination. >> Okay. >> It was 70 to 30. >> Oh, wow. >> 70% to 30%. >> Okay. >> Are we going to make it for the concert? >> Oh, yeah. It's an hour from now. >> I thought it was at 8. Oh, that's not an hour from now. >> I was gonna say >> it's 15 minutes from now. >> Well, I guess we better just go. >> I'm gonna put on my sweater real quick. >> Good plan. It is. It's chilly. >> Happy Valentine's Day. Yes. And happy Valentine's Day to all the gals. >> Yeah, >> today is Valentine's Day. >> And happy Valentine's Day tomorrow. That's >> right. It's nice and freezing. >> Oh, yeah. It can get really cold, especially at Epcot. I feel like Epcot's one of the coldest parks. >> It's interesting. And Animal Kingdom is always warmer than everyone else. >> Yeah. >> Oh, yeah. This place is always windier. >> Very windy. It's more open for sure. >> Hello, Kelly. >> Yeah. Nice. >> Yeah. >> When is Dudentine's day? That's hard to say. Instead of Gallentine. How about guys? I don't know. I don't think guys celebrate Valentine's Day. with the dudes. >> All right. So, >> yeah, that's fine. >> Hey, classy Disney mom. Thanks, Tracy. What's up, Jennifer? How's it going? >> New Year's Eve. Woo! Woo! >> Everybody wants to rule the world. >> They do. All of them. >> Yeah. >> From Guardians. Well, not from Guardians, but from the 80s and Guardians. >> I do. Hey, do you see Duchess? How are you? >> It is from the8s.8s, but also Guardians. >> Yes. >> Hey, Andrew. How are you? >> How was the cruise? I've been meaning to text you. >> Were you going that way or this way? >> Uh, probably this way. >> This way. Okay. >> Straight ahead. >> Oh my goodness. Yes. I already have my Starbucks. I could use another, but the line was long, so I just got my normal um grande. >> Get in the back. Grande um ice latte, one pump vanilla. That's my go-to. But Andrew, if you've not tried the pistachio latte, try it. It's amazing. >> Hey, Dina at Disney. >> Yeah, we're heading. >> Yeah, but half the time they they reject the luminous anyway, so it's not a good >> They have some yummy The beef Wellington here is delicious. I'll probably still like it, but we'll see what happens. >> They're also uh doing something over here. >> Something for Flower and Garden. I'm thinking they're getting this all painted up. Uh the cruise was amazing. We already want to go again. A Andrew, I love that. Disney cruises are so good. Oh my goodness. I'm glad you guys loved it. They're so awesome. I just love how everything's right there. You need to go back to the room to change, it's right there. You want to take a nap, the room is right there. I just love it. You want food? Oh, there's food everywhere. And it's all included. Well, most of it. >> Hey, Beastp Magic. How are you? We leave on Sunday, so stay tuned for a cruise um live stream from the ship. So, uh we're going on a Royal Caribbean this time. Um, and we're going on the the biggest cruise ship in the world right now. The star of the seas. So, we're pretty excited. >> I want to do a Disney cruise again, though, for sure. >> You're on a boat. I know, right? You're on a boat. Or as everybody in my last cruise series like to tell me, or my first cruise series, I should say, from Royal Caribbean, it's not a boat, it's a ship. But you know, you can say tomato, tomato. It's fine. Oh my goodness, the food is amazing. It's so good. So good. So good. And the cool thing about, you know, of course, Disney cruises is you get fireworks on a cruise. Like, when does that happen? Out in the middle of the ocean. It's amazing. >> Um, the cruise we're going on is a 7-day. Seven-day cruise. >> Yeah. Yeah. The the rocking of the ship. Sometimes I have to take seick medicine. Um the first cruise Dale and I did like forever ago when we first got married. Um I got really nauseous the first day. I didn't take anything and I got some seasick medicine and then I was fine. So from then on I just take it. I take bonine. Hi, Jack. >> What's that? >> I mean, >> I better not. It sounds good, though. >> Are you sure? >> Sounds good. >> We missed out on the chur. >> We did. That's true. >> Should have at least >> I think I'm okay. Thank you though. But you should get some because it's very good. >> So full. >> I know. Same. >> Dinner was awesome. >> Awesome. And then we had >> Hi, Kit. >> Those eggs. >> The what? Oh. the strawberry shortcake. Thanks, >> buddy. Uh, 3 months from now will be when we're at Lighthouse Point. Oh, from the Disney Wish. Awesome. >> Thanks, Britney. So excited. >> Woo! It is getting squishier as we go. >> Uhhuh. >> Watch out, Josh. >> Look at me streaming and helping Josh maneuver. >> Thank you. >> Sorry. Okay, so I'm going to need your help later. >> Okay. >> Don't Don't let me forget. Um, you know, you guys, you and Dale have the Netflix thing. >> Yeah. >> I may need you to share that just so Liam can play a Transformers game. >> Okay. >> Apparently Liam sent me a request for a $20 Netflix membership. And I was like, um, no. >> What? >> Cuz I worked so hard to put all those shows on there. >> Yeah. >> And then apparently there's one Transformer game that's only Netflix. I'm like, can you just buy the game for like >> No, you can't. You cannot buy the game. How annoying. I do I take it I take the B every day just cuz >> I don't want to feel that guy so I just take it every day. >> So usually what I do is take it before the cruise and then during the cruise. Um so take it a couple days before or a week before then it gets your body used to it and then you take it during the cruise and then you know for me I'm fine. It helps a lot. I know, right? Brett, >> we can't wait. Edwin, so excited. >> Uh, we have 1999 from My Crazy Grown-Up Life. Happy Friday, Josh and Jenna. I hope you have a wonderful time on your cruise. We cruised on the Star in August. It was amazing. I hope everyone has a great weekend. Oh, thank you so much, my crazy girl life. It's going to be awesome. I cannot wait. Um, it is. It looks like an amazing ship. So, thank you so much, my crazy life. >> Tik Tok, Peter Pan, and Captain Hook. >> Usually, this is where we poo and friends are. >> I know. Captain Hook are usually back there >> switching it up >> by the water. >> Maybe that's where Pooh and Friends will be. >> Right. >> Yeah, it does work for rides. Yep, that's right. Or car sickness. So, it works for any kind of, you know, you know, like nausea. >> Yeah. Let's talk about a couple awesome sponsors. I did Mickey Travels and I did Resort TV1 Homes. >> Okay. >> Bon is not a sponsor, but that's what I use. >> Uh, there you go. Sorry. >> Uh, so we have David's Vacation Club rentals, dvcre request.com/tv. If you guys are wanting to book a stay at a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost, again, go check them out at dvcrequest.com/dv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's. >> Uh yeah, that's awesome. Bm Smoke Magic, thank you so much. We can't wait. It's something, you know, for us to look forward to and just a nice little getaway for us with everything going on. So, we can't wait. Um and the dog, they have a dog on the new royal ships now. They have two dogs. Uh one on each ship, one on the icon and one on the Star. This one is Sailor, I think. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I just saw Sailor had her first birthday, so that's fun. Hope we get to see her while we're on there. >> That's true. We do have a sponsor called Dreamtable. dreamtable.co. If you guys are wanting to get some hard to get reservations here at Walt Disney World, dreamtable.co will help you get those reservations. So, all you have to do is go to the app store and download the app or you can find it at dreamtable.co. put in your, you know, information, you know, like where the reservation that you're looking for, how many people, the day, the time, all that stuff. And then, uh, Dream Table will, you know, let you know, notify you whenever it becomes available. You go in and you make that uh, reservation yourself. So, again, dreamtable.com. So gorgeous. Oh, yeah. The Wish is so gorgeous. So pretty. So classy. Yeah, it's amazing. Did you guys lay on the floor? do the kiss at night. Kiss good night or whatever it's called. >> So pretty. >> I'm sure you went into the Star Wars uh little lounge that they have there too, Andrew. So many fun things to do and see. For sure. Got 2,200 people in the chat. All right, Isabelle, no worries. Hey guys, so we are really close to a thousand likes. I bet we can get a thousand likes here pretty quickly. So if you've not b that like button, please the like button and subscribe if you're new. >> Oh, gotcha. Gotcha, Andrew. Yeah, on pirate night they do the different kiss good night. Um they do that one instead of the regular kiss good night. Yeah, both really cool though. >> I never saw the kids. Good night on the wish. >> Cuz you haven't been on the wish. >> I have been on the wish. >> Well, that's true. >> But not for a sailing. Yes, you're right. >> I never sailed on the wish. >> You're There you go. >> I got you. >> I boarded and ate on the Wish. >> You're right. I forgot about that. >> I've been on the Wish for a couple hours. >> Yes. Yes, you were. >> Um my ears tonight. Oh, yeah. Here, let me show you guys. It might be too dark, but we'll see. I have my Valentine's ears on again tonight since Valentine's is tomorrow. So cute. Minnie Mouse loved them when we were up in the DVC lounge. So >> So cute. >> Yep. They were super cute. >> Bam. >> Mickey and Minnie in their ski outfits. >> Yeah. Oh, thank you, Leaf. >> Good seeing you guys earlier. >> Yes. >> Wow. K. It's going to be 70 in the Midwest next week. >> Nice. Good for them. >> Crazy. >> Welcome to the warm. >> You're going too fast. >> Yeah, we're good. Welcome to the warm. He's always a nice guy. >> Thank you, Jennifer. >> Oh, so if we talked about uh Dream Table, that's how David got the GO82 reservation. >> Oh, there you go. >> So, we got to eat Well, Jenna was eating with Dale, which was good. >> Yeah, I had lunch with Dale. >> Got to do GO82 earlier, and he got that reservation on Dreamtable. >> Dreamtable.co >> and it worked. He said it was super easy. >> Awesome. >> Hey, Amy. >> I did. I got the mini one. Yes. The mini one and the heart one. I got them both. I was excited cuz now they're sold out. But we have four minutes. Wow. >> Well, >> that guy was going to run into me. >> Oh, yeah. We'll um stand in the back somewhere. They They do all that big introduction stuff anyway. >> Be fine. >> We're almost there. I don't know. >> A thank you be magic. That's so kind. >> So, who um has this weekend off? Well, this weekend and then Monday. Who has a three-day weekend? Let's put it that way. >> Valentine's Day. >> Let us know. >> Always smells good. >> Yeah, >> it smells so good. >> Um let's see. Remind me, David, who we're going to see. Uh, we're going to see Ashley Brown. >> Ashley Brown. >> Mary Poppins on Broadway. >> Mary Poppins. >> Really beautiful version of Feed the Birds. >> Yes. I cannot wait to hear that in person. >> Cool. >> So, there you go. And >> I don't know if she's going to sing, but I hope she sings that one. >> Probably Disney stuff, right? >> Um, >> usually what they do. >> I don't know if she's I mean, what I meant is I don't know if she'll do other non-Mary Poppins stuff. She did something. >> Gotcha. >> Last year. Okay. >> I think they usually do Disney all Disney stuff. >> Agreed. That's what I was saying. >> Sierra did actually Sierra Voggas did >> she did a lot. She was so good. >> She did. You're right. Yeah, they did a million dreams. They did. Um >> is that Disney? >> Uh weird. >> It's on Disney Plus. I think >> it's sort of Disney Analog because apparently got the rights and they're helping to either produce or they are producing the Broadway version of the show >> of uh The Greatest Show 23. >> Oh, >> it's a cool spaceship one. Sorry. You're probably not going to be able to see it on the screen, but that's super cool. >> Oh, that was the one I got. >> Oh, >> remember with the little people that look like us? >> Sorry. Yes, I forgot. I met >> They were tiny little people next to Space Birth. >> Yes, I I remember what I think I looked more at the people and not at the whole thing. >> Gotcha. I like it. >> I just got the postcard cuz it was cheaper. But >> maybe that's why cuz it was smaller and I was focusing on the smallness of it. >> It was good though. It's a good one. >> Well, you have a 4 day weekend. That's awesome. greatest show. >> I love that. One of my favorites to start it at least open. >> Oh, I I doubt it, but maybe. >> Yay for music. Yes. Can't wait. It's going to be good. >> Yes, she is. Yeah, >> music is so good on that. >> Hi, Melanie. >> And then Jack got it at the last for his name, but he's a Broadway guy. >> Okay. >> As a matter of fact, did you ever see the video where they're pitching the show to get green lit, the movie? >> Yes, I have. Okay. >> I think you sent I think you sent it to me. >> So the guy who starts singing Hugh Jackman's part and then steps out. >> Yeah. >> That's the guy that was supposed to be the Zach. >> He's a big Broadway guy. So >> cool. >> I I'm a big I'm a big fan of the uh >> Wow. It's chilly. >> The music. It's really good. Music's really good for that. It's very good. >> So good. I love the music for that. >> You can get what's her name to do Jenny Lynn the real voice. >> I don't know all the names of everybody like you do. >> Well, no. the character that sings the >> Hi Finley, how are you? >> I don't even I've only seen Greatest Showman like once or twice. >> No, >> twice probably. I just I don't So I don't remember like all the characters. I remember remember Hugh of course, but I don't remember all the characters. Oh, there's plenty of >> Okay, here we go. >> Or maybe they'll just let us in. >> Yeah. Oh, sorry. Cuz it's about to start. They're going to let us in. >> Have to wait till tomorrow. Okay, Amy. >> Where are we going? When you see Mary Poppins flying or the entire jungle coming alive, that's the magic of theater. >> Going to the theater and being in an audience is something that we forget is part of our history, our DNA. >> When you're in the theater, you can feel the energy of the people around you. When that curtain rises or the elephant walks down the aisle or the genie comes out, something extraordinary is happening. They walk in and they sit in their seats. The lights dim and >> they get quiet. >> The overture starts and they start to feel because they were a kid once too. >> We get to perform and change lives in a space and time that will never be repeated. And there's no other medium that can do that. Behind all of these stories is an army of extraordinary people, >> designers, directors, choreographers. It's a remarkably collaborative effort that really makes the magic happen. It's live. You're right there. You can hear people and see them. There's nothing more magical than that. >> We've been able to take our shows and make them a global experience. It could be at the most professional of levels. It could also be in classrooms and student auditoriums. Disney's heart comes through. You need to keep it alive in a way because it makes life better. The arts make life better. >> I had the rare opportunity of flying over the audience where I could see people's faces in the balcony. And I think that's what's so cool about these stories is they never stop resonating with you. And now, please welcome the stars of Disney on Broadway's Mary Poppins and Aladdin, Ashley Brown, and Aninsley Melum. >> All that it takes is a spark. Then something plain as a park becomes a wonderland. All you have to do is look a new then you'll understand Broadway's original Mary Poppins. Why? It's a jolly holiday with Mary. >> Mary makes your eyes so light. >> Oh, really? >> When the day is gray and ordinary, Mary makes the sunshine bright. >> Oh, she's blooming all around her. The daffodils are smiling at the D. >> I have a You feel so grand. Your heart starts speaking like a big brass man. >> Oh, you've enough brass for all of us. >> Oh, it's a jolly holiday with Mary. No wonder that it's fair that we love. >> Oh, it's a jolly holiday. Gentlemen like you. That's right. Although you're just a diamond in the rough underneath your blood is blue and you'd never think of pressing your advantage for is the hallmark of your fear when you are here. Your sweet gentility is crystal clear. >> I thank you. >> Oh, it's a jolly day with you. A jolly jolly holiday with you. >> Oh, hold on now. As the ladder of life has been strung, you may think a sweeps on the bottom most drum. Though I spend me time in the ashes that smoke. In this whole wide world, there's no happy chim. A sweet is as lucky as lucky can be. Chim chim chim chim chim chim true. Good luck will rub off when he shakes hand you >> or bliss. >> Yes. And that's lucky too. >> Oh dear. We all know what's about to happen. So everyone hold on to your hats. >> All right. Kick your knees up. Step in time. Kick your knees up. Step in time. Never need a reason. Never need a rhyme. A stepping in time. >> Childhood is a stepping time. The same. Never miss a chance of getting it right. >> Don't it seem a perfect crime. Don't it seem a shame when they come on, make sure you keep up. >> I think I got it. >> That's steps up in time. Never need a reason. as we step in step. >> All right, Mary, take it away. >> Quick trying to express oneself is frankly quite absurd. Too fooling the lexicons to find a perfect word. A little spontaneity keeps conversation king. You would need to find a way to say precisely what you mean. Super califragilistic hates. Even though the sound of it is something quite atrocious, if you say it loud enough, you'll always sound precoidisticious. >> When men were chatting, simply grunting would suffice. Though if they'd heard this word, they might have used it once or twice. I'm sure Egyptian pharaohs would have grasped it. Then every single pyramid would burn. Oh, super candidistic and say it wild animals would not seem soious. Oh, ask for the kids. You know, you can't say we're just high and excious. Superrailistic super. >> Thank you. >> Thank you so much. >> Yes. Thank you so much. Good evening everyone. How's everyone doing tonight? >> All right, 8:00 p.m. Are we ready to have fun? >> Well, we are too. So, we are all in luck. So, of course, it was so so joyful to start this evening off with a little trip down Cherry Tree Lane. >> Absolutely. And that number is especially close to our hearts because you are watching Broadway's original Mary Poppins herself, Ashley Brown. >> Well, thank you. Well, there's something else special happening tonight. We have a first timer here at Elpcock. >> Oh, and we are so so lucky. But let me tell you what, he is no stranger to Disney magic, the dazzling Aladdin from Broadway and Australia, Mr. Anley Helm. >> Thank you very much. That's very kind. All right, now that you know who we are, it's time to introduce the people who make this music fly. Please give a round for Justin and our wonderful band. >> We have Matt on drum. >> We have Chris on bass. >> We have Louis on guitar. >> We got John Keys. >> And our pianist, a covenantist, background vocalist, maybe background dancer. Just wait. >> Mr. Justin back. >> You know what? I love that the Disney on Broadway exhibit has returned to Communicore Hall this year. Has anybody seen it? >> All right. It's a beautiful time capsule of the shows, the performers, the moments that built this legacy. >> Yes. And it's so so personal to us. You know, those costumes and props aren't just, you know, displays to us. They represent really important chapters of our lives. You know, we sweated in those costumes. We laughed in them. We found our characters in them. So seeing them preserved like this is it's really moving. So make sure you check it out. >> Mhm. Speaking of beautiful memories, this next one takes me back to Broadway and to Agraba. Playing Aladdin has been one of the greatest adventures of my life. And this next one captures his hopeful restless energy so perfectly. Got to keep one jump ahead of the bread line. One swing ahead of the sword. I steal only what I can't afford and that's everything. One joke ahead of the law man that's all and that's no joke. These guys don't appreciate I'm broke. >> A street rat sound. >> Take that. >> Just a little snack guy. I can take a hit. Got to be spec. I can use a friend or two. >> True. No. Come on. >> Imposs when I got the time. One jump ahead of the slow, one skip ahead of my do. Next time I'm the one jump ahead of the hit, one hit ahead of the block. I think I'll take a stroll around the block. >> Hey, stop these >> band >> sandals. Let's not be too hasty. >> Still rather we get along. One ahead of the beats. One hop the hump. One trick ahead of disaster. air, but I'm much faster. Here it goes. My hand got me laughing. All I got to do is jump. >> Thank you. >> Everybody, I mean, 10 gold stars for him obviously because I've never seen that better. I think I deserve some stars for playing the entire ensemble. >> So, long before I ever took flight as Mary Poppins, I was in a Disney review. My very first job with Disney on Broadway was a Disney review called On the Record. >> Oh, thank you. All five. Um, it was a tour and it was really, really special. It didn't have a huge to long tour, but it was some of the most incredible music. It was a celebration of all these iconic Disney songs from stage to screen. And I was truly living my dreams because I was able to sing every princess song ever written. This next song I'm about to sing is from On the Record, but it's never been performed at the festival before. So, I am so extremely honored to be singing this tonight as this song has always stayed so close to my heart. Look at me. You may think you see who I am, but you'll never know. Every day it's as if I play a part. Now I see if I wear a mask I can fool but I cannot fool my heart I see star stand back at Why is my reflection so I don't know somehow I cannot hide who I am though I try. When will my reflection show who I am inside? There's a heart that must be free to fly, that burns with a need to know the reason why you're conceal what we think, how we feel. must bury your secret. I'm forced to hide if I pretend that I am someone else for all time. When will I release the truth who I am inside? When I reflection, Holy >> God. Oh, that was beautiful actually. Yes. >> Thank you so much, >> man. I love that song. >> Yeah, I bet. >> It's a good one. >> You know, I think now it's time that we uh visit one of Disney's most charming Let's Pretend We're Not Falling for each other duets. >> So, like art imitating life. Please, I told you that in confidence, not in front of everyone else. >> No, but you can admit it and say it. >> No, but you know, this was one of the songs that was added to Frozen for Broadway. >> Absolutely. >> It's new. Yes. >> So, I'm going to play Kristoff. >> Okay. And I'm going to play the love struck Princess Anna, >> who gets engaged to Prince Hans on the first night they meet. >> You've got opinions on my life and my relations, but let me tell you what. Okay, enlighten me. >> Love is the one thing that has zero complications >> and I can trust my gut. >> Okay, you frighten me. >> Some people know their hearts. The minute true love starts. >> Some people read a lot of books. >> I like books. Some people simply know when true love says hello. >> Some folks get taken in by curly locks and rings. Yes, and he does have princely looks. I mean, that's something we can agree on. I mean, >> all I'm saying is when you go to climb a mountain, you don't just jump to the top. >> If it's true love, you can. >> You're scaling and scrambling too many steps for the work. >> Maybe for you. >> Love's not an easy climb. You have to take your time. >> And a whole life. That's the plan. >> That's not a plan. Love's not a thing you get. It's work and tears and sweat. >> So says a sweaty snowy mountain. Oh, what do you know? I love what do you know about anything with half brain would have worn some winter gear. >> Anyone with half the life would have one friend who's not a dear. >> They do. Any fool who wants that law is going to bang their head. >> Any fool who doesn't shop right now is probably going to What do you know about love? What do you know about? At least we know one thing. This trip should be interesting. What do you know about? What do you know about? >> That was fun. >> That was fun. >> Thank you. You know, growing up in Australia, Broadway seemed impossibly far away, but I'm so very grateful for all of the people who cheered me on at every step of that journey. I wanted to sing this next song for all of life's travelers. I have ofen dreamed of a far off place where a hero's welcome will be waiting for me. When the crowds will cheer, when they see my face and a voice keeps saying, "This is where I meant to be. I will find my way. I can go this. I'll be there someday. If I can be strong, I know every mile will be worth my while. If I go the distance, I'll be right where I belong. Down an unknown road to embrace my faith. Though the path may wonder, it will lead me to you. And thousand years would be worth the wait. It might take a lifetime, but somehow I'll see it through. And I won't come back. I can go the distance. I will stay on track. No, I only sat. It's an uphill slow, but I only lose hope. If I know the distance, then my journey is free. But to look beyond the glory is the hardest part. For your strength is measured by his heart. Like a shooting star. I can always search the world. I will face it hard. I don't care how far I can go this and still I find my welcome for you. Good job everybody. I say you went the distance. >> The way >> so good. So good. That's a hard act to follow, >> but I'm going to try. >> So, as we all know, Disney Theatrical is always in development. They are always nurturing new shows from the vast Disney film collection. But you know what? We never know what's going to be next. But I do know this is one that's being explored. Do you want a hint? You got it. Imagine being locked in a tower with nothing to do but rebrand and pop and shine up. sleep again and by then it's like 17. So I'll read a book for maybe two or three I'll add a few new paintings to my gallery. I'll play guitar and it and basically just wonder when will my life after lunch puzzles and darts and baking your ballet and chess pottery has been trilling candle making then I'll stretch maybe sketch Take it quiet so I'll be reading the books if I have time to spare. I'll paint the walls of course. I'm sure there's room up there. And then I'll rush that brush and brush and brush my hair in the same place I'm always in. And I'll keep wondering and wondering and wondering and wondering where will my life begin. Tomorrow night the lights will appear just like they do on my birthday each year. What is it like out there where they go? Now that I'm older, mother might just let me go. I can read a book and it will take me there beyond the world I know. I know there's room out there. I know there's room somewhere, another world out there. It's not like anything I have. And I'll keep wondering and wondering and dreaming and hoping will my life begin. >> Thank you, man. She is a busy lady for being stuck in a tower with all that hair. >> Yeah, that's that's some epic time management. Maybe >> now you have been a beautiful audience. But we are almost at the end of our concert. >> I know. I know. But the good news is he said almost. So that means we have one more. And it's fast and it's fun and it's a fancy's favorite. >> A pair of shoes with matching laces. >> A permanent box racing. Straw on fry with a sour pickle. A personal wouldn't make me suddenly I'm respectable right at >> with all the marketing marks. Light blowing my door going pretty >> watch the cular for the storm from the cheese. New York >> almost about to drown in a drink. when I fished you out and drowned you in. So let's get started or let's look at that with my face tomorrow. But I was able to is only the last shoot to brightly just one picture for the king history and glorify the king. New York. Thank you. Thank you guys so so much for being here, man. We look forward to this festival every year. It's truly one of a kind. So, thank you so much for being here. Please, please give another round for our wonderful band led by Justin. >> And one more thing, good night, >> Ashley Brown, and Angley. That was so fun, guys. Great. >> Yes. >> All right. >> Thank you for joining us this evening for the Disney on Broadway concert series. This performance series is presented by the Epcot International Festival of the Arts in partnership with Disney on Broadway. Please check your festival passport or the my experience app for upcoming performances of the Disney on Broadway concert. >> Very good. Thanks for sticking with us. >> We appreciate it. >> I'm going to need a restroom and then I can take it for a while. Well, we'll go down towards Germany because that's where we usually watch from. And uh I'll I'll I'll keep it to give you an arm break before we get down there. It was very very good. We had a we had a pretty good view considering you you did. >> Yeah, I zoomed in pretty good. >> Yep. It looked good. Um and uh >> that was very very good. We Dave and I was talking about how like both of them were so good. And I think >> she is so impressive though. She you can tell she has just incredible vocal control no matter high or low. >> Like I haven't heard very many women sing low that loud. She could really go for it down low. >> We're also all Yeah. And then she can get up there, too. So, she is very good. And he was, too. Obviously, the Aladdin on Broadway and in Australia, apparently. Yep. Makes me want to go see a Broadway show. Let me turn up the brightness. There we go. Yeah, we did actually. What was the song you were hoping that she would sing from Mary Poppins? Oh, Feed the Birds. Yeah, they didn't do that one. Unfortunately, >> done that one earlier show, but you know, but together, but I've heard her sing that before. So, to get her be able to hear her sing a lot, >> oh my gosh. Yeah, she really killed that with the phrasing. And there's a huge huge moments in the reflection was so awesome. >> What's amazing to me and this is why they're perfect. She can deliver that performance sitting. >> Yeah. >> I know. Doesn't matter. >> And nothing changes. >> No, she's home. >> Both incredible. >> Out of breath. >> Even on go the distance, he was go what? >> Like during Broadway, they move around. >> Oh, they're dancing everywhere. >> Or sitting down or laying down. It doesn't matter. >> The he was go the distance. He was changing the melody on the very last sing through, but it was good. And I thought what was interesting was he was really jumping around and he nailed every pitch, >> which I was hard to do when you're jumping around and it's not the normal melody, >> but you're doing kind of like a little bit of a counter melody kind of a thing. Um, you know, like like a lot of singers do when they want to emphasize the ending, they go a little higher and this and that. And he nailed every every pitch, which was awesome. >> You know, I know it's just in first time new venue anywhere. >> Yeah. and you don't know what the crowd's like. It's it's nerve-wracking. >> Oh, for sure. Yes. This is not a This is also not a controlled theater environment where you know you're in the same theater, you know what it's going to be like, everything's very safe. >> Well, and you have theater people that are coming that appreciate you like you don't. It's very, >> you know, the sound people, you know, the lighting people, you know. >> This is a very diverse crowd and diverse taste. >> Oh, for sure. >> Uh, Shaggy Freak, 26 months of Resort Hopper Silver. 26 months. How time flies. Isn't that crazy? >> Thanks, Shaggy. Yeah, the whole thing was awesome. Yes, it sure was. If you can dream it. Love you guys' streams. Thank you for taking us to the parks for sure. Adventures with Andrew. >> Hello, Dining at Disney. Cardboard box, $5. Her singing is what I refer to as beyond amazing. Yes, sir. >> Hey, Cam. Concert was great. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Classy Disney mom. Yes. Aaron Shaggy. Jenna did a great job keeping the cameras still. I was watching. Anyone singing On My Own from Lay Miz needs to hit highs and very lows. Yeah. On My Own is probably one of the most dramatic songs in any Broadway show. >> Yes. It's a very trying range. It sounds, how do I put it? >> When you hear people pro sing it, it sounds very easy. >> Oh, but it's so hard. >> Try to do it. It's such a challenging song. >> Control. I mean, it's >> not even that or not not only that, but also um the emotion of it. Anytime I hear a younger younger younger lady sing it like a high school, I always feel like it's hard for them to understand the emotion behind that song because you have to almost be an adult and have had some failed relationships to really feel that song. Anyway, >> want to get a spot now? >> Yes. Well, sure. I don't know. Or we could go look in the Why don't you Why don't you and David and Gia go look at Blingy Spaceship Earth a little bit? >> Okay. >> Okay. So, hold on just a second. Uh Andrew says, "So, it was a fun show. Glad you guys stopped." Yeah. So awesome. >> The video quality is phenomenal. read Jessica and then also when you go in there just turn on the Wi-Fi real quick. >> Okay. All right. >> Um Jessica, congrats on 17 months of Resort Hover Bronze. Uh hi guys. Thank you for the stream tonight. Looking forward to all day Magic Kingdom stream tomorrow. Oh, that's awesome. Jessica, thank you for for being a member for 17 months. And yeah, Josh is going to be live all day tomorrow at the Magic Kingdom. So don't miss it. I think >> Oh, it was really good. Yeah. No, they did awesome. I got to see a couple. I got to see Sierra. I also got to hear them during a panel during the media event. So, they were like right in front of me. It was so cool. >> Isabella's head was like literally just >> I So, my friend Jesse Mouse, same. So, I sent her tons of pictures and she was freaking out. >> Um, you want to go see Blingy Space Perth? >> Whatever you like. >> Okay. Are you guys going to be with Josh tomorrow for the all day stream or you or no? Or not sure. >> Maybe. Okay. Anyway, Josh will be there. for sure. I however will be painting and packing. Weird combination, but >> paint a wall, pack a suitcase. >> Exactly. Paint paint a wall and pack a suitcase. Do some laundry, all the things. Um, >> so much like I am where I obsess about having the house clean before I leave for a vacation cuz I can't stand to come back. >> Yes. Yes. And no, I'm not a super neat person. I'm not super neat, but I have to have like if my clothes are strewn all over the bed when I get back. >> Yes. I need I need it to be, you know, somewhat clean. Yes. That's why cuz whenever we had our pipes redone, we had stuff everywhere cuz, you know, they had to move stuff out of closets and whatever. And so, um, I told Dale that we had to have or had to have all that put away. Dale, however, is very neat, very organized. Not me. But that's okay. We we you know >> college blingy spatial birth college birthy spacial birth. >> Really? >> Uhhuh. >> Okay. All right. >> This is number three. >> Oh, you're welcome. >> The question is, did they only sell two or have they sold the other? >> That is a great question that I don't know the answer to. >> It's really pretty though, isn't it? >> Me either. And I don't want to ask and fain like I have the ability to buy. >> Ability, right? >> Oh, mama. Look. Um, she went out. >> Yeah. I don't know where she went. >> I don't know. >> Got Snow White right here. Oh, they've got the dwarfs. They got a couple dwarfs. Anyway, >> you can't stand to have your So pretty. Come on, Wi-Fi. You can do this. I love these little roses. >> Yeah. >> Well, they're only 55. I think we maybe can afford that. Look at Stitch. A. So cute. Beautiful. Beautiful. What do we have over here? More dwarfs. I don't I I don't have dad here to help me name them. >> They're right there. Dopey. >> Oh, no. No. No. >> No. No. Go for it. Tell us. >> Dad had when he saw them sort of made up names. >> He he couldn't remember the name, so he like just came up with them. But you're right. >> One of those. Those are the Armani statues, I think. >> Oh, nice. >> And we have one for Dopey. That's >> I love I love Dopey, too. All right. So, no. Go ahead and tell me. We've got Dopey. I know him. >> Dopey, bashful, sneezy, sir. >> Sleepy, happy, grumpy. >> That kind of looks like Who's that? >> He looks like he's That's asthma. He's trying to blow out a candle. >> That's sneezy. >> Yeah, that's sneezy. >> That's sneezy. >> That's sleepy. And that's grumpy. >> That looks like primatine mist. >> We can't blow out a candle. >> That does look funny. $199. Hey Tim, where have you been? Welcome in. >> Who is this guy? >> That's me. Sleepy. He almost looks like he's grumpy, sleepy, and sneezy all put together. >> I think that's Stony. >> I don't think they allow him at Disney. >> He looks like he's like, "What'd you do? I had this gummy earlier today. >> A little tired. My hat's not on right." >> Oh my goodness. >> I got all kind >> This This is the guy that had the long day at Disney. >> Yeah, that's funny. >> Definitely. He had a long day at Disney. >> He really did. >> He is fresh out of Pixie Ducks guy. >> All right. >> Well, shall we get a spot so they don't all go away? >> Hi, Richard. >> Yeah, Tim, where you been? You've been you late. You late, Tim. Wow, look at that pretty chandelier. I don't think I've ever looked up cuz you're so busy looking at all the pretties. >> I would hope they had a better idea. >> Happy Friday. Welcome in everybody. So, let's see. We've chatted about most of the sponsors. Um, I think we have Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified by David Mower. You can get the ebook, the hardcover copy, or the audio book of Disney Demystified. And, um, these books will teach you, you know, all the things you need to know about Disney. Also, um, we'll help you learn how some of your favorite rides were created. So, again, check out Disney Demystified Behind the Ride by David Mumpower on Amazon. Oh, I got to take that off now. Hang on, guys. Oh, did I? Oh, no. I sure didn't. There we go. We're getting out there. Good evening, Mary. Yep. Josh is doing an all day stream tomorrow. Correct. Correct. >> Frogger. Go. Go. Go. We did it. That was Sneezy. Okay. That was a funny sneezy. >> You're sleepy like the dwarf. That's funny. Music is great over here. >> Yep. >> Here or here? Oh, yeah. Yeah. >> Hi, Casey. >> How much was the big Crystal Epcot ball? >> How do we even know how much? 30 >> 78,000. Just kidding. >> 79,000. >> But if you have a DVC membership, >> you get there's no discount. No, they don't have discounts for that kind of stuff. The people that buy that kind of stuff don't even >> Mini Ben. >> I hope everything's okay. Prayers for you and your dog. >> That's really scary. I'm so sorry. >> They have a CLA plan for that. >> Oh god. >> It's over 60 years. >> I will see that on eBay. The the cla thing if you buy something on eBay. I'm like ah. >> So guys, don't go anywhere. We have fireworks coming up in about well 19 minutes. >> How much more later? >> I know, right? >> How about I walk them around a little bit more? But >> that sounds good. >> Probably stay here. >> Yeah, we'll hang. >> Okay. >> We'll hang. So, uh, Mary, I don't know what Josh is going to be doing tomorrow. He's just going to do his own thing. I won't be there. Well, he will have a great time no matter what he does, I'm sure. And you guys will enjoy it. Hello from Canada. Hello. It's almost Luminous time. Isn't that crazy? >> Hope you guys have enjoyed tonight so far. >> Man, it was so nice this afternoon and it's getting chilly. >> Florida chilly. >> All right, we're going to go in this shop. It does lag a little bit. >> I want this. And after the blingy spaceship birth, this doesn't sound that too bad, but holy moly, that's a bit pricey. $450. Oh my goodness, the pig is adorable. I used to collect pigs when I was little or younger. I guess I wasn't little. $30. Oh my goodness. So cute. My grandpa was a pig farmer. These are good. >> I know. Are they a lot of those vegetables? I don't know why I do love this so much. >> Oh my goodness. I love this too. down for a little bit here. See if that helps. >> Thanks, Edwin. I don't know how much this is, but it's really fun. Take a picture and show it to David and their daughter loves Tangled. >> I really do like that jersey. But they are pricey. >> If they still had the aerial one, I would really think about getting it. But >> they do not. Well, these guys are fun. Little ornament set. >> Did you see it? >> I got these ears. They're Christmas time ears. So fun. I love this cup, too. >> I haven't bought this one yet. 1999. >> Hey, MDF. Oo, Culver's is delicious. These are fun. And these are the new ears that just came out not too long ago. Look like the cuckoo clocks. They do, Kelly. I agree. Hi, Pamela. How are you? Oh, there's Epcot guy. I love that the handle is a pretzel. >> Uh, no I did not, June. I did not get anything from Bath &amp; Body. No. >> I tried to go look at it today, but I um the Bath and Body in the Florida Mo wasn't there anymore or it wasn't in the spot that it normally is. So, maybe it moved. I don't know. The Viking ears, those are in Norway. So, I won't be able to do that right now. cuz we're not in Norway. We are in fact in Germany. We should get this for dad. It's a nice lightweight shirt. $64.99. Some white ears, which are gorgeous. The mouse ears, I think they're $36.99 now. I like this mug, too. All the doors. Sorry, >> you need the mug. They have some really fun things. Um, okay. Let's go in. >> This one. >> Oh my goodness, you guys. I wish we had smellvision right now. All the sweets. I've been trying not to eat a ton because, you know, we're going on a cruise and you tend to eat a lot on cruises cuz everything's included and the food's usually really really good. Oh, so cute. But yeah, soon soon I'm going to eat all the things. Ice cream. This ship has a crepe station, so I'm so excited to do that. Hey, Disney boy mom. >> I love all these ornaments. >> I've not bought anything today besides Starbucks coffee. A So cute. >> Yes. Where there's originals. Yummy. Card. The um signal is not Well, I guess we'll head out since the signal is no bueno. Got about 12 minutes. And then after fireworks, we'll probably do a little bit of shopping and then Josh better get home so we can get ready for the stream tomorrow. >> Hey, Disney fanatic. And I got to pop a thank you, Robert. Yeah, if you guys didn't see my Disney Springs vlog, go check it out. It's right here on Resort TV 1. Um, also over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Dale and I did a Marty Gro um vlog and the big announcement telling you guys we're going on a cruise, so don't miss that either. We had a lot of fun. I also went live at Marty Girl Universal. First time we've been live at Universal all year, so if you guys missed it, go back and check that out, too. Didn't have a ton of people watching, but Marty Girl is a really good time. So, don't miss it. Hey. >> Hi. Um close up. It was lagging a bit, so I uh Wi-Fi off. >> Well, yeah. No, it was just for inside the store. >> It was lagging in the store. >> Oh, in the store. Got it. Got it. Got it. >> All good. I was going to show you like >> Oh my god. >> All right. Welcome back, everybody. We're ready in 10 minutes for Luminous, the symphony of us. Well, thanks for joining us. Thanks for staying with us. Uh we are so excited that you're here with us. Let's talk about a few more awesome sponsors. >> Surf Shark. Okay everybody, check out Surf Shark. They are at Surark. Hold on. >> In just 10 minutes will proudly present Luminance, the symphony of us, a dazzling display of fireworks, stunning special effects, and sweeping original music. Due to lower light levels during the show, please watch your step and take small children by the hand. Get ready because tonight's performance of Luminous, the Symphony of Us, begins in just 10 minutes. That's my trumpet solo. >> It was so good. >> That sounds like the Charlie Brown teacher who's had too much coffee. >> It does. By the way, speaking of a band, the Marty Brown band at >> They were very good. >> Oh, good. You would have liked it. >> Oh, good. >> So cool. So, guys, real quick, a couple other awesome sponsors to talk about. First of all, Surf Shark. Definitely check out uh Surf Shark if you want to find out about how to get a VPN service that will keep your data safe online and uh definitely keep all your information safe at all times. It's really really important in today's day and age to keep a VPN going to keep your data safe. So definitely check out surark.deals/resorttv1. Again that's surark.deals/ resorttv1. You can get four months free if you use our code. Again surark.deals/ resorttv1. Get four months free. It's really really great deal. Um and it's only like $3 a month or less. It's really cheap if you buy two years. And uh it's one of those incredible incredible uh values and it can be used by your whole family. So like you don't have to buy a membership for every device in your house. That would be ridiculous. You buy one membership for your whole family and then everybody in your house and every device in your house can use it anywhere you go traveling at home you name it. Surf Shark.deals/ resorttv1. Check them out. All right. Let's see. Isma. Hi Josh. Please do a France rider show. Thank you, Isma, for the uh 49 peso super chat. Um, we're going to stay here for fireworks. We got 8 minutes till fireworks, but thank you for the super chat. >> Yep. It basically hides your IP address. That's right. It's like basically like hiding your physical address except for it's your internet address, which is important. >> 4 cents a decade. A little little more than that maybe, but yeah, it's it's pretty uh pretty affordable. Yeah, thanks for being here everybody. Tomorrow I'll be live all day long at the Magic Kingdom, so you definitely don't want to miss that. We might sneak over to Epcot at some point, but not officially. I know, unofficial. Hey, Archurro. Yeah, thanks for being here. Thanks for hanging out with us at the Epcot International Festival of the Arts. We got seven more minutes. Tomorrow's weather looks great. 78 degrees for the high, 51 for the low. Cannot wait. It's going to be an awesome, awesome day. >> 20 days of Euro beast. Nice. Hi from Tokyo. We are waiting for fireworks. Fireworks start in 7 minutes here at Epcot. Don't go anywhere. Don't miss it. You don't want to miss all the beauty of Luminous, the symphony of us. You know, tomorrow is going to spend all day at the park. And well, never mind. It's MK. That's right. Disney Adult Rod just became a member. Thank you, Disney Adult Rod. Appreciate you. You're not going to want to miss it. So, technically the show actually starts in four minutes because it starts with a little drum. I mean, the drum uh intro is part of the song. Sorry. The drum intro is part of the show. So, technically it starts with that. >> So, stay tuned. >> Start in just a minute. What? >> Okay. Oh, right, right, right. I forgot. Forgot. Okay. See you. >> Okay. Justin actually invented the fireworks in uh 1300s. Wow. I didn't know we've been around that long. We look good for our age. Have you dug up any resort photos for use on BRV? Oh, no. I I haven't had a chance to do it. I've been working on my 24-hour ride stream. So far, I've got 25 rides edited into um separate videos. You got to I got to encode them at 1080p. cut out all the intros and outros because nobody wants to hear a live stream of hi it's Josh and thank you for watching and blah blah blah like I just try to cut out all the talking I talk way too much >> actually what happens if you make a video where it's only that hi it's Josh hi it's Josh >> hi Josh I could do that >> and it's just 20 minutes it's just short >> well think about it >> we have like 3,000 videos it could be between Jenna and I could be pretty long actually of hi it's Josh it's Jenna >> and then you could do the outro >> have a great big beautiful have a great have a Great. Have a great Have a great You could do it like that. Just stagger it. Overlap it. So, you're going to get great sound because the speaker is right there. Hey, Archer. Glad to hear you that you're doing well. Hello from Missouri on the other side of World Showcase Lagoon. Oh, wow. Wait, you're in Missouri or you're or you're from Missouri, but you're on the other side of Lagoon. Nice. >> That's cool. Mr. Master >> teleportation. That is very like meta meta teleportation stuff going on. So after this I have to plug in. I'm fine for now. I at 23%. Sometimes when it's chilly the It's not chilly really, but sometimes when the battery the battery drops faster when it's chilly. But it should be fine. It's only 61. It's not that bad right now. 68 in Key West. Hey, CH. Now, when I go back and do those ride videos, I wish I had recorded them clean with no narration and added the narration later so I'd have clean versions of it. Now I know to do that. I know better. >> I wish I invested in Apple. >> I mean, yeah. I wish I'd have bought some Bitcoin >> like, you know, 20 years ago or whatever 50 whenever it first came out. >> Xerox. >> Or Xerox. Yeah. Oh, you could have bought $50 worth of Bitcoin and you would be literally a multi multi-millionaire right now. What did somebody say? The pizza they bought a pizza with Bitcoin and the amount of money they paid at some point the amount of money they spent in Bitcoin on that pizza would be like $200 million now. >> Yeah. Seriously. like like generational money like like multi-generational money from like $20 in pizza money. Now, you would have had to have a crystal ball to know to hold it that long cuz come on, how many people wouldn't have who would wouldn't have sold it when it hit a million dollars, right? Most people would have sold it then, >> especially if you threw 20 bucks at it. >> Yeah. So, to hold it that long, you would actually have to know, oh, when Doc Brown invents that time machine, I'll go back and I'll buy like I'll buy maybe I'll even buy a whole $100. I'll get crazy. >> Good evening. Tonight, we invite you to join us for Luminous, the Symphony of Us. Due to lower light levels during the show, we ask that you please watch your step and be sure to take small children by the hand. Tonight's performance of Luminous, the Symphony of Us, will begin in just a few minutes. Heat. Heat. guys. It's 1.1 billion Here we go. >> All of it. >> Yeah, that's true, Xander. You're right. All right, here we go, guys. Enjoy. Welcome to the great gathering. Welcome, >> welcome. My name is Everyone on this earth is part of the great symphony of us. Each of us a unique instrument playing harmony to one another. And even though we are all playing different parts, it's our unified heartbeat that connects us, reminding us that we are more alike than we are different. A rap city of rhythms that unites us and connects us through commonalities of the heart. Come find your place in the great symphony of us. Can you hear the sound of the world in motion through the trees of the ocean? Can you beat me with a million hearts all the time if the sun moment I remember you are a part of me and I am a part of me just like a symphony to the meies with heart. So go ahead and sing your song. I'll be there to sing together. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. When we are born, we come into this world a raw noise cradled in tenderness. We tune ourselves to the world around us. Come stop your crying. It'll be all right. Just take my hand. Hold it tight cuz you'll be my heart. Yes, you my sh You seem so strong between the hands. I will be here in my heart. Heat. Heat. We begin to understand what our instrument can do. We find our voice and add it to the ensemble of our ancestors, our family. Forever my power. We begin to recognize the music and others. Trading notes and improvising, music becomes play. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Can you feel the love tonight? >> Sometimes we find another and our melodies blend and suddenly with the hum of our heartstrings, our world becomes a duet. In my arms and all the world is calm. The music playing on for only two. So close together in so close to feeling the love. Heat. Heat. This world's not pretend. So close. So close and still so far. Inevitably in life the accompaniment drops out and we experience great loss. We find that the melodies we cherish are gone and for a moment we are playing alone. When somebody loved me, everything was beautiful. And when she was happy, so was I. When she loved me, when loved me, we everything was beautiful. Where do the man together with when She loved me, >> but we are never truly alone. Sing out so others can hear you. The music we make echoes back at us in chorus, in concert, in symphony. together. Our voices can illuminate the world if we only listen closely for the sounds of each other. I see the light. All at once everything is different now that I found you. How miraculous that we exist on this planet at the same time. now that I found you. >> And yet it's the human connection that unifies us. A pulse, a beat like gravity. The rhythm of our hearts is all around. A bond, a pledge, a common f connect unifying sound. The building of a true spinning song. The beating of a heart straight up to the stars for all the world to hear in place. City ready. Can't you feel it? Miracle come together as one like a wave the ocean. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. We love our in the great symphony of us. We hope you enjoyed Luminous, the symphony of us. From all of us here at Epcot, we wish you a wonderful evening and a safe journey home. Thank you and good night. Awesome. So good. >> All right. >> It gets pretty loud here. You got to back. You guys had to back up a little bit. >> No, I uh Isa sweatshirts. I went to go meet her that way. >> Oh, okay. Cool. >> Well, if you need to go with him, that's totally fine. I can meet you at the front. >> Okay. Thanks for watching, guys. We're going to go meet Jenna for some shopping. >> If you don't know, Jenna said it earlier, but she can't quite watch Luminous yet. It is definitely the most emotional Disney fireworks show. Um, I think with with the the very very clear reference to losing a loved one. I mean, it's not even like loss. It's like losing a loved one. Like, it's like straight up like >> Well, I mean, >> and it's it's important because it's part of life, right? But it's also hard. >> Well, the scene from, you know, I mean, it's Jesse losing her mom getting like head speed. That's the image, right? >> Oh, yeah. >> That's right. Speaking your language. There you go. >> No, it's um I think it's really well done. I just think it is it is emotional for sure. >> Yeah. >> Oh, no. She's >> What? Let me get my I'm going to get my battery plugged in so we don't die. >> Well, the stream doesn't die. >> At where? >> There we go. We are charging. >> All right, guys. We are charging. >> Lost my father this past year. He and us. >> Came to Walt Disney World every year for as long as we can remember. This is the one time came without him was really hard. Oh, for sure. Oh, the one time we came without him was really hard. Yeah. Oh, absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. It's very hard when you jog those memories. For sure. >> Every time I see that show, it gets better. I notice little things. >> Yeah. Yeah. It's it's >> chorus of water streams joining as the forest gets bigger. >> Yeah, there's a lot of little symbolism even the fireworks. There's a lot of there's a lot of um fireworks interpreting the music really well >> and a lot of Yeah, the water streams joining all of that stuff. Yeah, it's so good. >> And at the end you got the the chorus that shoots up and sings together and then there's and then you know you have the community rallying around you all the countries, >> right? Yeah, it's so good. >> All right, so truly whoever put When somebody loved me obviously knew was beautiful, but they need to go to therapy cuz I'm crying in the club about it. Yeah. No, it is. It is a thing for sure. >> How one heartbeat. >> Uh David David's the one talking to me. He's right there. No, no, no, no. They're they were No, not at all. They they were asking who's the one talking to you. It's dumb. David, >> no. Go ahead. >> That I really like about the show is they pick less tread music, weave it into a show. By less tread, I mean songs from Rapunzel, songs from >> Yeah. Less used for sure. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Instead of the Mulans and the Beauty and the Beasts and the things that are well traveled. >> Yeah. >> Uh special guests were David and Gia. >> I don't know about special guests. special. So, that's where we uh if you guys didn't see the beginning, we started at the Imagination Lounge, which was so fun. >> I'm so excited to see Luminous. I know I'll be a complete mess. Yeah, that's okay, Bit Ritz. Just enjoy it. >> Oh, good. It's charging quickly. That's a good thing. I'm going to have to bring my big battery for tomorrow. Both of them. I have to do two different streams. Strongest part of that show is when at last I can see the light. The cannons are shooting up. Yeah, >> that's what um actually my friend who or our friend who friend of the channel who works in fireworks, he he called that the shock and awe section >> where it goes. Yeah. There's that big like a like >> Yeah. >> kind of like at last I see the light. Yeah. Yep. >> You definitely see the light there. Hey, Paul. >> The other thing is when they have the big gospel choir finale, I feel like the visual representation of that crazy thing shooting out is very nice because it works with the big giant choir singing. >> And if you notice the fireworks that come up from the middle are diffuse. Yeah. >> Which is the way that the sound of a of a gospel choir is where you can't hear. It's like the ultimate in blending. >> Right. Yeah, you're right. >> Sorry to be a music nerd. >> No, it's all good. I love it. A timed exposure on those lights would be nice for BRV. Yeah, for sure. No, it's it's very cool. It's very good. David's voice reminded me of Neil's without the New York accent. Oh, I don't know about that. I don't think he and Neil sound quite the same. >> Well, I'll tell you what, if I could play trumpet like him, that would be nice. >> Yes. Yeah, he's Neil's got plenty of hot air. I was kidding about that. I'm like, wait, wait, what was it one time? He he really I'm used to playing in loud environments. I'm used to playing next to people playing loud, but there was one time he got accidentally like pointed pretty close to my ear and I I kind of looked at him used to go, "Oh, sorry. Are you deaf now?" He's like, "No." You know, I used to used to stand in front of 150 piece marching band. But still, I just wasn't ready for it. I was like, "Whoa." >> I mean, I can do Garden City if they want to hear Garden City. >> Garden City. >> Yeah. Long Island. >> Oh, yeah. You got the accent. Yeah. >> Yeah. Forget about >> That's where we were. >> Yeah. >> That's where the college was. >> Yeah. Dela >> over there. Over there. >> Over there. Sing. You know what I mean? It's like ac capella. Something like that. >> Some kind of a capella thing. >> Acappella. They don't sing with the instruments. I They use the voices as the instruments. What do I know? I don't know. >> Here. Here. Pretty soon you're going to break into use. That's that's a gangster slang. That's a little bit different. >> That's the older older version of it. >> New York. >> I don't think anybody says you guys anymore. >> There was a store in Hollywood Studios called You guys Muendise. >> The Mochandise. >> I had a picture of it. Actually, as a matter of fact, my old I was talking about Brooklyn. I took a picture of it cuz it was in the in the uh Osmo place. Oh yeah. >> Well, you know that doesn't any two youths. The two what? Two youths. You know youth. What use? >> Yep. So funny. >> Yeah, the post show music's great. It's really loud. It's great though. >> Muendise. >> So the mariachi guys that play here are the ones that sing meet Amelia in the play. >> That is so cool. Yeah. >> Jenn and Dale leave on their trip um soon. Very soon. I don't know if she's saying like what day they're leaving, but she's they're leaving soon. Oh my. >> We didn't make it to Mexico today, but well, technically we're there now, but we'll get there. You know, Epcot, if you really want to experience Epcot, and I know it's going to sound strange, but I really do think it's a three-day park. You could easily spend three days here. >> Oh, yeah. Easily. >> To experience World Showcase. >> One of these days, I keep saying, I'm going to do an all day Epcot stream. I've never done that before. >> Because trying to do it all in one day is exhausting. >> Oh, it's huge. It's definitely a multi-day if you really want to get food and live and music and shows. >> No, you're right. Karen says we say you guys in the Philly area. Oh, okay. Philly says you guys has a different accent. >> Yeah. >> So, when I went to school, >> you'll appreciate this. >> So, they have a very different accent. So, they'll say things like, "Where you going?" I'm going home. >> Huh? Yeah. What would you like? Would you like So, what's the soda that you like? >> How would you say coke? >> Yeah. They say cook. >> Cook. >> Sounds British almost. >> Yeah. >> Uh Cory Rupre does a beautiful show that envelopes your heart or envelopes your heart completely. It's hard to even watch on a stream for the same reason. Of course, it isn't like I have embold each time I'm there. Yeah, I get it. We spent a 100 days there and still don't feel like we have experienced it all. Oh, you're so right. I agree. It's definitely a three-day park all day. Epcot sounds fun. One of these days, I'm going to do it. It won't be as popular. I promise not as many people will watch, but it will still be fun. We'll do it anyway. >> That's just the way it goes. Magic Kingdom always gets the most people. >> So, there's still a word I can't say having spent four years in Philadelphia. >> What? >> Do you come out of the shower or what do you dry your hair with? >> A towel. >> Towel. >> Towel. >> Towel. That's very >> fresh. >> Lights up for you. >> Oh, the Kelly Coffee Promise. Yeah, that's a good one. Back for illuminations. They don't do that one anymore except for on the anniversaries. They'll play it now. >> I hope that they have a ton of uh historical exhibits for uh for the 50th. That'll be really cool. I can't wait. like pure seen thousands. >> I lived in PA all my life outside of Philly and when we never just said you guys and I I and two I don't have an accent. >> I don't think I do either, but it's probably Midwest, whatever that is. I feel like Midwest though is the nondescript accent. It's like it's the it's definitely not like obviously we don't speak the Queen's English in the Midwest, but like I have a non a non Southern draw Midwestern cuz like an hour 30 minutes I say 30 minutes from where I grew up they they spoke with the Southern draw whereas in the town I grew up in they didn't it literally drive outside of town and it was y'all and thank you so much and like and I can jump into that pretty quickly and not even it and it's more it's probably closer to Georgia than Anything else? >> I read this. I think I read this is that when when people when dialect coaches work with actors or TV personalities, whatever, cuz if you notice all the newscasters, they kind of sound the same. >> Yes. >> They don't have local accents really. >> I think it's there's a word for it. Somebody was telling me this in the chat. It's called the Atlantic accent or something like that. >> Something. But but but from what I remember reading, they teach to the Midwestern like northern Illinois, not Chicago, but like central Illinois, Peoria type of area, >> which that actually, believe it or not, my grandparents I always felt like had a slightly different accent than what I did in southern Indiana. But yes, I know that accent well. >> Yeah. Where it's not, you know, it's not Chicago. >> No, Chicago. >> Chicago. Bears >> dog bears. >> Mike Dicka. Love that skit. >> There goes the Montreal from Ferris Wheeler. >> What's the score? >> One-1. Who's winning? The Bears. He's watching the Cubs game. >> The Bears. >> Ed Rooney goes to the bar. >> Yes. Oh, >> I'm from Northwest Indiana. And people always say you were from Chicago. I guess we slur our words together. Yeah. Northwest Indiana. And you're close to Chicago. You're going to probably have that Chicago accent a little bit. It just depends on It also depends on how you grew up and what your family sounded like, too. Everybody's different. Mid-Atlantic. Is that the name? >> Could be. >> Transatlantic accent. There you go. >> There it is. >> But if you listen to the old newscasters, the old newscaster broadcaster accent, they really had this kind of a and I'm not even talking Walter Kronite. He had a slightly different accent, too. >> But I feel like that here, we'll go over here. So, I think Jenna's shopping. I feel like >> um there was kind of like an old school and you'll hear it in Spaceship Earth when they're doing the uh the broadcasting. It's pretty It's pretty crazy. >> I'm Ted Gobble. Yep. >> I'm coming to you live from NBC. >> That's right. Okay. >> Right now, >> where am I from? We're from uh southern Indiana. So, that's we're talking about accents and stuff. >> From southern Indiana. >> I got plugged in. We're all plugged in. It's mid-Atlantic. Okay. >> What time are you starting tomorrow? >> Uh, probably 9:00 9:30. >> So, I'm I'm going to get going here in a little bit. But Steph did say she wants something, so I need to go in here and see if I can find it. >> Go for it. Cuz it is crazy in there. >> That's fine. It'll probably get cleared out pretty quick. There's not that many people here anymore. >> They're all in there. >> They're all in there. >> All of them. >> Yep. >> You need You need to go meet Disa or you >> They're not far from here. right there in the front. >> Okay. >> Hello everybody. >> All right. Well, good stuff. Good stuff. >> Cookies. >> Yes. >> Cookies. How'd I know? >> Don't tell anybody. >> Don't tell anybody. I already did. >> No, I mean like you know it's a surprise. >> These Oh, sorry. No, she doesn't like this. >> Oh, it's for Valentine's. Sorry everybody. >> Stitchy >> duck. I almost called it a stitchy Donald. That's not Donald. That's a duck. I mean, Donald is a duck. You know what I mean? >> These are cute. >> What? >> Duck. >> Oh, I like that. Stuck. Perfect. Josh is doing all day at Magic Kingdom, so that'll be fun. Hope you guys uh tune in tomorrow. Also, go watch the vlogs if you missed it and the streams from last week. And uh tune in on Sunday cuz I'll be live um from the biggest cruise ship in the world, Star of the Seas. You don't want to miss it. Finley has Stitchy Duck and Angel Duck. A I have a Stitchy Duck. >> I know on Well, Disney they do too, but on Royal they also hide the ducks around the ship. And uh that's super fun. Oh my goodness, he's so cute. Look at him. So cute. Um Oh my goodness. Look at him. Would you just look at him? So, we'll be live at port. Um, I I don't think I'll be able to go live while we're sailing, though. So, but we're going to vlog it all. All the vlogs, all the things. It's going to be awesome on again the biggest cruise ship in the world, Star of the Seas, which is a Royal Caribbean ship. I really like the pink one. I have the other one so I don't need it. Oh man, that's cute. Also, right when I get back and then it's the princess race. Love the sweatshirt. I wish it was a little bigger. Hey, if you can dream it. Thank you. I am so excited. >> So excited. Get away. Enjoy a little fun time. Yeah. >> Okay. >> I don't even know where to go. >> Yes. It's a It's a really big ship. >> Look it up. It's insane. >> Thorn in the tower. Wow. >> It's nice and warm cuz it's full by people. >> Carbon dioxide. >> Yeah. >> Yes. Yes. Yes. Hopefully Josh found the things he needed. I was checking out the jerseys. They're in here, too. >> Let's go check them out, guys. And every time I put something out of a 16-year-old, oh, this is really cool. >> She says, >> I remember those days. >> Whatever. >> But if the boyfriend, >> but this is really cute. >> So now she would like this. Well, I don't know. I don't know. >> Oh, the hockey one. >> Yeah, that is cool. >> It wasn't if it was a little less Mickey. >> Ah, >> you know, like she subtle. >> I love it. She really liked the Hawk ones. >> I remember your channel. >> Yeah. Thank you for that. >> I've been watching you guys for like six years, I think, for the first I came across. >> Oh, thank you. What's your name? >> Bianca. Nice to meet you. >> Yeah. Background there. >> A Do you want to say hi on the stream or No. >> Sure. >> Yeah. Where'd you say you were from? >> We're from Canada. >> From Canada. Oh, awesome. >> Really cold, but a little bit warmer. >> Yes. Much warmer. Yeah, it did get cold after, you know, was what 75 earlier. So, >> yeah, it was so hot during the night. We were like dying short and then now we're like, >> "Yeah." Do you mind if we take a picture? >> No, of course. >> I'll take a picture. Thank you. >> Perfect. >> Of course. Thanks for watching. >> Have a good night. Enjoy your vacation. >> Bye. >> I love these. These are fun. Did you get what you needed? >> No, they don't have it. >> Oh, maybe on the shop on the way out. >> Yeah, we'll try >> under Spaceship Earth. >> Five. >> We can go in there now. It might be less crowded. >> That's a good idea. >> Hello everybody. >> No, they always have those lemon drop cookies and nobody wants those. >> Oh, I like those. >> So many. I know. But like they always have extra of those. >> Yeah. No, you're right. You're right. I I I'm not saying nobody, but not as many people. So maybe they they tend to over buy those. >> Yeah. True story. >> You know, they have a gluten or sorry, I don't know if it's gluten allergyfriendly cookie in Starbucks now. Oh, >> I didn't know. >> Uh I think it's a oatmeal raisin. >> Oh, cool. >> Yeah, I saw it today. >> Thanks for sticking around, everybody. >> Yeah. Yes. So, I'll be live either at 9:00 or 9:30 tomorrow. So, that's why I'll be heading out once we get the once we get the uh >> shopping figured out here. >> Mhm. >> I'll >> Sounds good. >> Sounds like a good plan. >> When are you going to be back? >> Uh, it's 7 days. >> Oh, wow. >> Yep. >> It's a 7-day. >> So, you're going to miss next Friday? >> I will. >> Okay. >> I'll be gone a whole week. >> Wow. >> I'm excited. >> It's a long I've never gone on a 7-day cruise before. Yeah, we we did that on the last one when we did the wander. Okay, >> it was seven. The bigger ships are usually seven days. >> Yeah, >> that's cool. >> I know. I can't wait. I'm so excited. >> So, and we'll be live on the ship. I'm going to set it for three, but have those notification bells on cuz if we can get on the ship earlier, we're going to go live earlier cuz once you get on, then you have to do the mustard drill and all the things. So, we're I'm hoping to go live before 3 cuz then the ship leaves at I think 4:00. So, I want to go live before we of course set sail. Hi, Miami Coffee. I've I've only been on two, not only, but I've been on two Disney cruises. Um, this is going to be a Royal Caribbean one. >> Hi, Diane. Thank you so much. Love oatmeal raisin. Yep, that sounds good. Sunday. We leave Sunday and get back on the next Sunday. >> Okay. >> And then the Friday after that is my princess race. >> Oh. >> At 5:00 a.m. or 4:00 a.m. or whenever they are. >> I'm officially signed up for the other one. >> Oh, yay. >> So, I got to I got to >> got to keep practicing. >> I got to practice and then we we got to raise some money. >> We do have to raise some money. Yes. Did you get any of the details about it yet? She said she'd send it to the resort to one. Okay. All right. All good. No worries. Uh, we're going on Star of the Seas. The biggest ship in the world as of now. They are building another one currently that's going to be bigger. >> Is there a limit to how big they can be? I guess I think the limit is not necessarily floating, but ports. >> Yeah, port. It does. Yeah, maybe ports. And they only make them slightly bigger each time, you know. It's not like they're >> I mean, technically, none of them are as big as an aircraft carrier. So, >> true. >> All right, let's go see if the chat's going to tell me I'm wrong. Yeah, I have no idea actually. That is a great question. Hopefully Josh's whatever he's looking for are in here. We're going to find out. I do like this cup. There's a Montreal on it. >> Yeah, I'm excited, Andy. Um I've been on a Royal Caribbean. >> Did you look over here? >> Oh, here. Oh, yeah. >> Uh no barbecue. Wait. Yes. They have barbecue cookies. >> Uh, barbecue puffs. >> I know. I'm just kidding. >> Not good. >> Um, so yes, I've been on a Royal Caribbean before. We've been on four caribans, I think. Four. This will be our fifth, >> but it's been a little while. >> Aore of the Seas. Yeah, that's a good one, too. Oh my goodness. like a baby figment. >> Miami coffee. >> I'm sure you saw that gigantic. >> Yes, he is ginormous. >> I love them all. >> It's almost true to scale. >> Seriously though, these are good. Cashew crunch. >> If you like cashews, >> this is what was in our um mac and cheese. >> Yeah, it was. You're right. The little Mickey goldfishies. These sound good. Barbecue puffs. I must be hungry. I don't know why I'm hungry cuz we ate a lot of food earlier. It's getting busy in here now. What is happening? >> Glad they should change this to the last chance. >> That's right. You got to buy those souvenirs before you go. >> I bought these Mickey glasses. Oh, these are fun. Bracelets. >> Rob, that's funny. >> Anything? All right. >> Oh, this is a sweatshirt. I love I love that they're watching the fireworks. >> Much more affordable. >> It is cuz I bought it. >> Non blingy. >> Tail actually allowed this purchase. So, you know, it's affordable. Is >> I got to ask you Oh, did he like the Mickey Gold fishes? They're really good and they're cute, so you can't go wrong. >> Good evening, Lee. How are you? >> Hi. Um, let's talk about our awesome platinum members of the channel. They like to read their names and thank them every single stream. See if I can pull them up here. >> Let's see, guys. >> Busy. All right, we have Total Care, Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy One, Tiffany Merks, Love Go Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, William Lilly, My Crazy Grownup Life, Chuck Polly, The Amazing Jaylen Moxley, Scander, Dani, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Bismo, and Alan Chay. Thank you so much to our awesome platinum members of the channel. um all of our members of the channel, all of our Patreon members, as well as hoppers, moppers, shoppers, and boppers. I just thank our our members. >> Okay, >> platinum and everybody. >> Good job. >> Thanks. >> Uh let's see, what else do we got? >> We have uh Yep. Moppers, hoppers, shoppers, boppers, uh all the people. >> Josh even got shoppers. Good job. >> Patreon members, >> all the all the channel members, bronze, silver, gold, and we did platinum. So, thank you. >> We did. Thanks, guys. >> Come one, come all. >> That's right. Josh will see you tomorrow morning. >> Yep. >> And I'll see you Sunday on a big boat. >> Oh, I mean >> It's a It's a boat in the water. >> That's right. >> It's a big one. >> The biggest. What's the biggest boat? >> The biggest one. >> Chicago stream live from the biggest boat in the world. >> I probably should. Oh my word. So many people get on just to be >> I know. See, and then you get tons of views. >> I I'm okay with that. >> That's called Rage B. >> Yeah. Oh my goodness, that's funny. >> Yeah, good night everybody. Thanks for joining. >> Yeah, I think I would do it. Live from the biggest boat in the world. >> It's a great highlight. >> I like it. I like it. >> Right up there with chasing. >> Yeah, exactly. >> I see that. I go, "No, you're right. I'm Josh." >> That would imply that I wanted to be. >> Thank you so much. Yes. And happy um Valentine's Day to everybody. >> That's right. >> What was your other >> Jish? Ralph. What was the other one? >> That's all I can remember. >> I think it was Ralph was the one that was like not even close. >> Oh, you're so welcome. Thanks, guys. >> Thanks, if you can dream it. All right, guys. Well, >> it's awesome. >> Look, we got 1626 watching. >> 1626 >> experiment 626. All right, guys. We're going to selfie it up or down or all around. There we go. >> Josh might do the hoke pokey. >> I might. My right arm. That's my left arm. My right arm, man. >> Shake it all about. >> Yeah, we did that at the campfire when it was Tranquil Tuesday. We were at the I love that >> and we did the Chip and Dale thing and we put our whole self in and our whole self out. Yeah. >> Did Liam do it? >> He did. >> And he he did and he shook it all about. >> I'm sure he did. >> Got to do it. All right, guys. We'll see you tomorrow morning. Like I said, 9 or 9:30. Um it'll be awesome. Can't wait. And um yeah, don't miss it. >> Sunday. >> Yep. See you on the on the big See you on the big boat. >> The big boat. >> The biggest boat. >> The biggest boat. Thank you, moppers. Thank you everybody. Uh yeah. All right. So for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. >> Bye >> bye. Beautiful.
