---
video_id: FmoXdE-2vZM
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Magical Monday at the Magic Kingdom - Walt Disney World Live Stream - 3-23-26"
published: 2026-03-23
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FmoXdE-2vZM
---
right down street just baby walking right down the middle of street you Africa. Thank you so much. Good morning everybody. We are the >> onetream USA. >> Hey everybody, it's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we are live today here at the Magic Kingdom for Magical Monday. Welcome in everybody. Enjoy some of the dapper dance here. Such a good way to start the morning. How are you? >> I'm good. How are you? >> Here since we saw you and I said I'm here to do this to me just a >> like I like I kissed you so much because I'm like never congratulations. That's amazing. >> Thank you. >> Do you want to say hi? >> Of course. >> Yeah. >> Are you kidding me? >> A Remind me your names. >> Grace. >> Grace. >> Joseph. >> And Joseph. Awesome. Good to see you. >> Jersey. from Jersey. >> Wear really nice people. >> Totally 100%. Oh, I love it. You got your stitch. >> All the stitch. Perfect. That's awesome. >> So good to see you. >> You too. Keep an eye on where they are. I want to say hello. I mean, like I said, it's been a year. >> Yeah, it's been a while. Well, >> and how's mom and dad? >> They're doing okay. Yeah. Yeah. Much better. I will. Thank you so much. >> Thank you for stopping. >> Of course. I can do well. >> What's that? How you guys like >> Oh, Josh has it. He's liking it so far. I'm going to upgrade soon, though. But >> he likes it. >> Low light. I'm I'm blown away when Josh posted that first test video was just like cuz he got it two days before I got >> and I'm like >> my jaw just dropped. >> I know. I'm excited. I'm I'm saving up my pennies. So hopefully soon I'm going to get it. >> Awesome. Of course. You two enjoy. Have fun, guys. >> I will. Thank you. >> All right, everybody. Let's head down the middle of uh Main Street, USA, like the dapper Dan said. Uh so, welcome in. I have Sharon here with me as well. Or should I say Tiana >> looking cute over there. And uh I am all stitched today. Stitch the new Stitchers. I got Stitchy Pinocchio, this Stitch shirt, and then I have another Stitch shirt under this Stitch shirt. Welcome in. Thanks for joining us today. >> Double stitch. >> Double stitch. All the stitch. >> We are going to have a fantastic day. The weather is amazing. >> So nice. >> It's nice in the sun, but it's a little, you know, coolish in the in the shade, which is fine. It's like a nice crisp morning. Not humid. We're going to take this cuz soon it's going to be warm. Welcome in, Brownie Brown. Hi, Lisa. Hi, Stacy with an I. Gotta love Main Street in the morning. I agree. Hey, Amara. Hi, Tony. Hi, Bryce. Sample account. Hello, Catalina. Tim is here. Boxer dog club. Miss Disney fan. Hello. Hello. Welcome in a stream come true. Brenton is here. Um, okay. Shall we go to Pirates? >> Sure. >> I mean, I love that ride. Might not be as busy right now. >> That's what I'm thinking. Should we do Pirates, guys? Or Winnie the Pooh? I always like Winnie the Pooh. Let's check our wait times. Oh, it looks like they're gonna make us move. So, let's go over this way. They are still painting the castle. >> They're still doing some work there. >> They sure are. >> Doing a great job. >> Oh, here they come. All right, I got an idea. Let's go do Jungle Cruise. >> One minute. Let's do it. >> 20 minutes for Jungle and then we'll go do Pirates if it's not long after. >> All right, Jungle Cruise. Let's go. Mary makes your heart so bright. Maryine bright. >> Hi Scooby. Hi Disney boy. Mary like a big brass band. >> Hi Diana. Hi Anthony. Craig's Robotics is here. Chicken dog coffee. Nice crisp. Central Florida morning and resort TV1. The perfect Monday morning. A thanks chicken dog. So sweet. Hi Kevin. All righty. Oh, wow. Do they serve egg rolls for breakfast? Maybe not. They got to have something else, right? Looks like a sandwich, maybe. >> Huh? >> Oh, there you go. Breakfast bagel sandwich. >> Yeah. >> I did not know about that. >> Me neither. >> But I would have a cheeseburger egg roll for breakfast. >> I mean, same. And a churo. >> Yeah, >> you could Oh, you know what you could do? You could get one of each. Savory and sweet. >> Yep. >> Perfect. You could do a split. You could buy one thing of egg rolls and then a a churro. Split it in half. >> Perfect. All right. Breakfast of champions right there. >> Hi, Jennifer. 86 in Kentucky yesterday. Today 52. Wish I could bib boppity boot to Magic Kingdom. A that is a big difference. I'm not going to lie. But that is springtime for you, right? Hi, Terra Cruz. I'm on vacation for you. I love that. Perfect. All righty. I'm loving the crowd level going this way this morning. I think a lot of people were heading to Tron, I'm sure. >> Space Mountain. >> Um, Buzz Lighter opens next month. Did I I had it 12th or something? >> 12th or something like that. >> Yeah, it's early. Yep. Early April. I just cannot remember right this second. Hi, Amy Moore. Hey, awesomeness. To the Jungle Cruise we go. >> We're getting our morning cardio this morning. >> Um, oh, don't let me forget. I have to exchange a tank top I got at Pirates. I got the rummy one and I got extra small cuz normally that's what I wear. It was too small. >> So, got to go to the small. >> Sometimes there's something different than K. >> That doesn't look like 20. Unless they just don't have it queued up yet. >> Yeah, maybe just opening. >> Maybe. Oh, it went to 35. >> All right. >> Well, yeah, let's go to Pirates. >> I like a walk-on. Let's do that. Unless you guys really had your mind set on that, but 35's not horrible. >> It might not even be 35. >> All right. Put in the chat, would you rather do jungle or pirates? >> April 8th. Okay, awesome. >> Oh, it's the 8th. Yeah, >> we'll get in line and then you guys decide. Yeah. >> Do you want to do this one or pirates? Let me know in the chat cuz by the time we get done with this pirates. >> All right. Good morning. Pirates might be long. So, we'll see. >> Oh, now it says 40. >> Oh, does it? Okay. 40 minutes. Yeah. Hi, Jim. Hello from the United Kingdom. >> Maybe not. >> Hi, Sassy Sarah. have like seven other people tell you that. >> Uh, pirates for the win. Yep. Pirates, let's do it. >> I agree. >> 40. I mean, it's a great ride, but 40 >> 40 when you can just walk on this one. >> Yes. >> Which is one of my favorite rides. So, >> and it's different like when you're just here for yourself, 40 minutes maybe not a big deal, right? >> But I know the chat doesn't always want to wait 40 minutes. >> Exactly. Especially first thing. Yeah, let's do a walk-on. I like that plan. Thanks, guys. Appreciate you. Thanks for all the votes. Yeah. Let's go this way. Jungle pirates. That's right, Tim. >> Yeah, >> I like it. >> Jungle Pirates. >> Yeah, that was an optimistic 40. I know. >> Yeah. 40 minutes. You can't go wrong. All right, guys. I will do a um intentional lag. We have to change connections, so don't go anywhere. Intentional lag coming up as soon as we get inside. Got to get that Wi-Fi working. Hopefully, it works today. The LA a couple weeks ago when I came, the Wi-Fi was not working. So, we'll see how it goes today. >> Yeah. Let's all talk like a pirate. E. Wait, was that a pirate or was that Canadian? I said, "Let's all talk like a pirate, eh?" >> All right, guys. I'll be right back. >> You want to hear a funny story about the opening of Buzz Light? >> That's right. All right, guys. I think we're back. Let me know. >> Are we back? I can't see. >> I know. We can't see. >> Thank you. >> It's like we're in a haunted house. >> We're just walking. We're not going to run into something. >> That's right. >> It was a Canadian pirate. That's right. All right. >> Okay. Here's my funny lighter story. >> All right. >> So, the week that >> I'm sorry, what was that? >> Oh, yeah. Do you want to do it after where you were like, "Okay, sounds good." >> No, we'll wait for you outside of the ride. A >> so um I was called for jury duty that week. >> Oh no. >> And and so I went online and changed my week cuz I didn't want to miss the opening week of his life. >> No. >> I mean I have already straight >> 100%. >> Also, why am I getting called for jury duty? I haven't even lived here a year. >> Oh. Oh, here you got for jury duty. >> That's right. Oh my goodness. Okay. >> But and it it's it was supposed to be the week that Buzz Light year is reopening. >> Oh, got you. >> And I'm like, uh, no. >> No. You can go on and you're going to pick a different >> I love that. >> Good for you. >> I'm like, I'm sorry. This cannot interrupt my Buzz Lightyear. >> Exactly. >> All right, let's try to ask for the back >> back row if the letters. >> All right, guys. Yes, that is prior priorities straight. You're getting them straight. >> Good job. I would have done the same. >> I mean, it is nice to go on and like select a different week. >> That is nice >> cuz yeah, there's there's things going, you know. >> I'd rather select no week, but it wasn't an option. >> Agreed. >> I did mine for the year. So, luckily I won't be called for another year hopefully or two or five would be great. >> Crazy thing is is I've been called so many times and Dale has never been called once in his life. Never. I don't get it. Makes no sense. >> Two, can we wait for the back? >> Yeah. >> Okay. Thanks. >> Back in Washington state, I got help for jury duty so much. So then when I got a jury duty summon, I'm like, of course, >> I Yeah. I don't know why they they like us so much. >> It's me. >> It's me and you, apparently. Hi, William. >> Too bad we're not called together. At least we could sit together. >> That would be way more fun, >> right? Oh my goodness. Cuz yeah, you never go with anybody who knows. >> Thank you. >> Um, I'll let you go first. >> Yeah, I'll let you go first. Perfect. Thank you. Hi, Spider Bro. Good morning. Welcome in, Tinkerbell. Happy Monday, guys. Check out the stream. Hi, Scott. So, we will get lag in the beginning of the ride, but you know, it'll it'll get better once we go down the drop. So, uh just be prepared and refresh you guys. You know the drill. Hey, Richard. 280 bucks already. >> Uh yeah. No, you can definitely get, you know, in trouble for not showing up 100%. Uh yeah, you got to show up. >> In Washington, if you get the summons and you never like go online to acknowledge that you got it, >> you don't get any trouble. >> Okay. >> In the middle. I think Florida's different. >> Different. Yeah. I guess I need to move to Seattle. No, I'm just kidding. >> Cuz cuz they don't know if you received it. >> Oh, they think maybe >> maybe you didn't get it. >> Oh, interesting. As long as you don't like go on and like acknowledge like go online and >> do that. >> I don't know if that happens here. >> I don't want to test it. >> No, I don't want to test. >> Florida is pretty. >> I don't Yeah, I don't think Florida's like that cuz I didn't have to go on and acknowledge. I don't Or maybe I did. I actually don't remember. Actually, I think I did. >> You have to go online. >> Yeah, you're right. I remember now. >> Guess what? >> Questionnaire or something. I'm going to scooch towards you. Here we go. Perfect. Okay. All right, guys. >> Enjoy the ride. like we're about to go. >> Hey, Marissa. Enjoy. >> For your safety, remain seated. Keeping your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the wall and watch your children and have no scriptures. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. It's cuter and unfortunat I'll be sending you alone. Stay there. Do I hear a hand or >> stretch your feathers near you? Show them your flock. >> Hey, send them hints at Davy Jones. It's the rum they want. >> Where anchor now you swappies. What may I offer for these hearty heads? Everyone English, Captain Jack Sparrow. You'll never find the treasure without looking at this here. Heat. Heat. I will be the next There's another dog. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. triggering things. Don't join us. All right, tell me. All right, guys. >> Sorry about the little bit of lag. >> Well, again, >> you want to be relaxed like Jack on the way now and tell the world you sit sail with black beard. Guys, want to wait on Sharon. >> Um, yeah. I don't know what we'll do next, but just stay tuned. I'm going to check the wait times and see what we can do. I will not Thank you, Emma. I will not forget, but thank you so much. Sometimes I be Hello. Sorry. I was like I I'm just gonna just >> Oh, on the boat. >> I I wonder >> Oh, what? >> Oh, you do you want to exchange your shirt? >> Um, let's look and see. >> Come here. >> They have a couple smalls. >> Is it this one? >> This is so cute. >> Right. >> Yeah, I They have a couple smalls, so I think I'll be okay. >> Okay. Yeah. >> So cute. Yeah, actually I'll just do it now >> just to be safe. >> Um, but I want to make sure the hoppers are >> Maybe they're outside cuz I think they got on the boat before us. Let's go check. >> Well, first I thought they were going to be on our boat, but then they weren't. >> They weren't? Yeah. >> Sorry, guys. We're going to look for the hoppers and then >> we'll go see what else we can do. Oh, they have it over here, too. Oh, I'm okay. >> Perfect. >> All right. Uh oh, no, that's not them. >> You got to stay hydrated cuz we're going to be out in the hot sun all day. Let's >> see. >> Okay, I'm going to have a sip of water. >> I know that they probably had to wait on their wheelchair maybe >> and take the elevator, but I do not see them. >> They have an elevator. Yeah, >> that makes sense though. >> Yeah, because the >> you might need to be safe on that >> transfer. Yeah, exactly. >> Well, welcome in guys if you are just joining us. Welcome to Magical Monday at the Magic Kingdom in Walt Disney World. We're going to keep checking wait times. This is still five. That's nice. Oh, Haunted is down at the moment. And um >> the other little mermaid. >> Oh, Little Mermaid. Yeah. Oh, you know I'm always up for TTA. >> Some of the other ones over there like >> Dumbo. Let's go do Dumbo. I haven't done that in a while. All right, let's do Dumbo. That sounds fun. Um I don't want to leave. >> I know. >> I mean, I know they can find us. We're live. But, uh, we'll wait a couple more minutes. >> Yeah, I guess. >> Yeah. While we're waiting, I might as well go exchange. All right, guys. Say hi to Sharon. >> Hello. >> Can shop for a little bit. >> Good morning, everyone. Jenna's going to do her shirt exchange really quick while we're here. And there was a hopper in line behind us that wanted to do a photo. So, we want to meet them after the ride. All right. to the shop. >> Why don't you look around? >> Hi, Monoa J. >> Good morning, Amara. >> Hello, Tim. Hi, Mega Byron. >> Hello, Amy. >> Hi, Disney Files. >> Oh, Pirates is how you start your Disney trip. I love that. I feel like when we used to vacation here before we lived here, we always started with a classic like either Pirates or Haunted Mansion, sometimes Dumbo. I like this sweatshirt. That's kind of cool. Hey Karen. Oh, 49 days until you're here. Hi, Tony. Hello Debbie >> person turquoise waving. >> Hello Carol. Oh, Peter Pan is 40. Yeah, that doesn't surprise me. That is a very popular ride. Hello, Jennifer. >> But Peter Pan always was a must do for us. We still try to do it every time we're in the park, but sometimes >> Oh, yes. Baymax ears for Jesse. Thank you, Tim. >> All right. Thank you so much. >> Tim says we need to be on the lookout for Baymax ears for Jesse. >> Oh, for Jesse Mouse. >> Jesse Mouse. >> Oh, okay. She never said she wanted them 100%, but I will ask her. >> I know she is just making her shopping choices. >> Oh, I love that. Okay, good job, Tim. I mean, you do know she likes that, so I get it. And I'm assuming she does want them, but I want to make sure she didn't already buy it. >> Oh, there she is out there. >> Oh, perfect. What is that? That's cute. Sorry, squirrel. >> Is it like a drink? >> It is in a barrel. >> Um, >> now if they put the drink from the beacon barrel in here, the punch, >> we can carry it out. >> That would be perfect. >> I like this plan. >> That's a lot of punch. >> That is a lot of punch. >> Might have to share it. >> Don't go on a flying carpet after that. No, do not. >> Hello. >> We were hoping we didn't miss you. >> We We got on before you. >> I thought so. Yeah. Yeah. >> We were waiting in the shop. We didn't know where you went. >> No, you're all good. >> Awesome. A I'm so glad. >> Thank you so much. >> Of course. No, I'm glad we found you. >> What is your name? >> Sharon. >> Sharon. I'm Mary. >> Close enough. It's all good. >> Thank you so much. >> Of course. Enjoy your day. Thank you. >> Enjoy your day. >> I get on my bike, my exercise, and I try to ride it as I'm watching your videos. >> You enjoy doing what you do. >> I do. Something fun to watch. Picture of the first time we met. >> A that's a good look at that. >> Look how dark my hair is. >> Is that Richard? That's that was a long time ago. Long time ago. >> Well, that was also before any construction. >> Can I Can I show it on that? >> Look how young Josh and I are. >> And I still have a stitchy shirt on. You know, >> I love that. >> Thank you so much. >> Of course. Thank you. Thank you. You, too. Bye. >> A. That's cool. I love that. Hey, Hersel and Margie. >> Hey, Marshall. So, what did we decide? Um, Dumbo, I think. Right, >> Dumbo? >> Yeah, let's go ride Dumbo. Haven't done that in a while. >> Yeah, they had some good lower weight times over there. >> Yeah, if one of the mods wants to keep their eyes on it just to make sure it doesn't jump before we get there. >> It is on the other side. >> Yeah, there's Little Mermaid. I love that ride. It does lag, but it's still a fun ride. So, we could do that. >> Oh, it's getting warm quick today. No, I'm not. >> I can't see. >> Me neither. >> I just hope we don't run into somebody, >> right? >> Hi, Peggy. Hello, Leaf Watson. >> I want to see what this looks like now. It's hard to tell. >> Oh, yeah. The line. Yeah. >> At least it's not up here. Are you being 40? But >> yeah. >> Uh, no. It went down. >> 30. >> 35. It went down 5 minutes. >> I mean, that's not horrible. >> Sometimes that means it's not really 30. >> Yeah. >> Do you guys want to wait for jungle or you want? Let's go do Dumbo. All right. I haven't done that in a while. Jungle's fine, too. But >> sometimes it's 35. Sometimes depending on lightning lanes, >> it can be higher, too. >> I know. Look at all those strollers. Oh, you're here, too. That's awesome. >> What is the bright line in the sky? It's sun. That's sun. It's really sunny today. I am not complaining though. It's beautiful. >> Is it really? Okay. >> Tiana. >> Tiana. Oh my goodness. >> Well, trying to think. I guess if we just go Should we go around or go straight across? Whatever you want to look at. >> Let's go around. It might be easier than going across the hub. >> Uhhuh. Sorry. Hi, how are you? Good to meet you, too. Where are you from? >> Long Island, New York. >> Okay, nice. That's awesome. What's your name? Maryanne. >> Oh, nice to meet you, Maryanne. Well, I hope you enjoy your time here. Thank you. Have a good day. >> Bye. >> Hi, Victoria and Riley. Oh, it just jumped to 35. Okay, Dumbo. >> Oh, man. >> Thanks, Amara. I was afraid of that. But wouldn't it be awesome if right while we were walking by the money actually reopened? >> That would be so awesome. Okay. Yeah, let's do that. I like that plan. Oh, good morning, David T. I always want to hear something crazy, David. Always. Oh, it's nice and calm over here. Very nice. Oh, big owl. Big owl being cute. What you doing, big owl? Dorbs. Oh. Oh, yeah. That is kind of hard when you're a bear. >> He said, "Tada!" Are you okay? That was tough work. I know. Stairs are hard. >> Three whole stairs. >> It was It's It's a lot. It's a lot. All right. Well, you go. Yeah. All that honey and food. I know. You go rest. I bet you need some rest. Okay. So cute. Hi, Susan. Well, we have a thousand in the chat. Thanks for joining us today. Caitlyn says, "Coming to May for my birthday. Hoping to meet you and Josh." >> Uh oh. Hoping to meet you. I met Josh a couple years ago. Oh, okay. Yeah. Hope to meet you as well. the other way. >> Hope it works out this time. >> There they go. >> Hi, Louisa. Got to love the music in here. All right, Haunted Mansion. If you want to open, we wouldn't be mad about it. >> Open. >> Yes. Open. Open. I know. I love Big Al. Hey Daryl and Victoria, good morning. Edwin says, "Good morning. Wish I was there now that my blackout has been lifted." Ah, and spring break is over. Oh, that's true. Orange County, um, spring break is over. So, I bet Yeah, that did lift for some APS. >> Other people spring breaks have started. >> Yes, this is also true. Okay, it's not open yet. Okay. >> Yep. >> All right. Getting some getting some work done. I know. Open. You will open. You know you want to. >> That's all right. We'll go this way. >> I wanted to do Winnie the Pooh. I haven't done that in so long. But first thing this morning, it was already a 40-minute wait. >> I mean, I knew it was popular, but goodness. >> I haven't done that one for a while. >> Me? Me? Yeah. It's been a while. Sometimes you would be able to get on it in the mornings. But I also think because Buzz is down >> and Thunder's down, >> it just makes all the other rides >> busier. >> Hello from Stubenville, Ohio. Hello. I hope I said that right, but hello from Ohio. Good morning, Natalie. Oh, it was great meeting you as well. They're just I think repainting or something to the mansion, getting some work done. Tim Tim called it Winnie the Pooh. Oh my goodness. >> Maybe once a year they have to do um ghost inventory to make sure there's still 999. >> That is a good point. >> Make sure that nobody escapes. >> No. And nobody added. Yeah. So they they'd have to change the song if so. Exactly. >> Good morning. Seriously, Jesse, how are you today? >> Hi, Jessie. Jesse's here. >> Look how cute your mom looks. >> You inspired me, Jesse. I got I got a matching shirt. >> So cute. >> I didn't even tell her yet. >> Surprise. >> I'm not wearing yours. Don't worry. >> Twinsies. Just kidding. >> Oh, I love that. Oh, good. I said it correctly. Hello, Kelsey. So, crazy thing is is Peter Pan was 40 and is uh Winnie the Pooh is 40 as well. That's kind of weird. Yeah. >> Hi, Amy loves Disney. So, who wants to do Little Mermaid? I know it'll lag, but if you guys are ready to embrace the lag, we can ride that and then we'll see after maybe People Mover. I mean, I love a People Mover ride in the morning. still says five minutes for Little Mermaid. >> Okay, let's do that. It will lag, but it's still a fun ride. Hi, Bracken or or No, that's not Bracken. I'm sorry. Backer. Hello. Hey, Monoa J. Sharon looks adorable. Oh, yeah. Let me They want to know what I'm wearing. Well, here I'll show you. If you missed it earlier, I've got all the Stitchy things. Sorry, it's really bright. I have my new Stitchy ears. My new Pinocchio Stitchy that just came in the mail from Popmark. So cute. >> He's so cute. And then I've got a Stitchy shirt and a Stitchy shirt under this which I'm about ready to peel. As my dad said, >> about to peel. It >> got warm. >> It did get warm. So, welcome in. >> Yeah. Let's go to the mermaid. Come here. >> I feel like this isn't as popular as it used to be. No, >> I actually forget it's there sometimes. I'm not going to lie. >> It was never done. >> Have you not? The first time I did it, it was super cute. But I don't have to go again. I don't know. >> Okay, good to know. >> It's cute. >> I feel like I still need to do it. Like >> you do. >> I want to do every attraction. >> It's just fun to like go back to the cottage, too. >> You heard good things about it. >> Yeah, it's I say it's more kid related, which is fine. And and >> it makes sense. >> The kiddos like it. >> A thank you, Amy. Mom and dad are doing good. Thanks for asking. >> Hello, Eric. Uh, are you able to stream Carousel of Progress? I would love to. Um, it is copyrighted, so I mean I could stream it and then mute it later, but it does end up taking all the revenue from the stream, which is kind of frustrating. I love going into that one. And I can >> I know. I do need the Brook Stitchy shoes. They're really cute. >> I love Five. >> This one copyrights too, but I'm able to mute it pretty quick after. >> And sometimes it lags enough that it doesn't copyright it. >> Depends on the lag. It interrupts the songs. >> Yeah, but Carousel, it sings that song lots of times, which I love, believe me. >> So, I know. And then I just feel bad cuz then when people watch the replay, they get this whole long thing of mute. >> There was something wrong with your sound. >> Yeah. Uh, David says, "We are 412 days from our seven night backto back Disney adventure cruise from Singapore >> with a precruise stop at Disneyland Tokyo." David, can I go in your suitcase, please? Can I go? >> That is amazing. >> Wow. >> I love that so much. Something to look forward to. That's so cool. Good for you guys. Uh, Jesse says that Pinocchio Stitch is the cutest thing ever. Oh my word. Isn't he adorable? I love his little nose. So cute. >> His little hat. >> Thanks, Jessie. I ended up getting them online on PopMart cuz they didn't come to the store. So, I got two and it was free shipping. Got to love free shipping. Thanks for,00 people in the chat. We're going to switch to Wi-Fi as soon as we get in here. All right. >> I know. And Marlin's pitch nose gross when he when he causes trouble. >> Probably. >> Hi, Jeff. You know, this queue in here reminds me of um Galaxy's Edge. >> Uh shoot, what's it called? Um Smelter. >> No, the um rise. >> Just It kind of reminds me of the the caves. >> Yeah. >> Oh, yeah. This one is more industrial when you get into >> very industrial. Hi, Lori. How are you? around. I am too everybody. >> When I was little, I loved Scuttle so much. I have a little plushy of him from when I was a kid. have it. >> Fantastic. >> I just think he was the cutest thing. >> Remember with a lot of these items to grab to bring it out is that I never thought I was going to stay over here. I'm so happy with those who come by. But the one thing I think I didn't call bringing it out right now to keep your time as short as possible. We ask that you keep your entire keep ahead of you at all times. Please know that it's like jumping in 3 to 4 minutes. travel. >> A Kelsey, I love that. I'm glad you're here. >> Riding the Little Mermaid with us. >> Thanks for helping us organize our collection after that big storm. >> You're welcome. >> Miss Scuttle is very energetic this morning. He is hilarious. He's so cute. I like I liked Sebastian and Flounder. They were two of my faves. Flounder's like a little puppy. To Ariel, my favorite princess. Bop bop bop bop the like button and subscribe if you're new everybody. >> Hi Ticker Tail John. How are you today? Oh, Tiana's open >> did not 70 minutes. Oh, I'm glad we didn't do jungle. Jungle 45. >> I know. Me. >> Oh, yeah. I'm glad the heat is subsiding. Um, it's been so hot in California and Arizona. It's >> crazy. 96 or something in LA last week. >> Brit said it was 10 and something where he lived. Yeah. Crazy. I don't know if we're going to do probably won't do Tiana's today, Tony, >> but we could go to the shop, you know, just sharing his outfit. >> Yeah, I like the shop. >> That's a cute shop. >> It is a cute shop. I haven't been there in a while, actually. >> Oh, wow. Victoria Riley. I didn't know that either. Oh, here we go. So again, we will get some lag on this ride, but we will fix it the best we can. >> And um if you don't want any lag, rewind a little bit and then that will help as well. under the arms. >> Mega Byron loves the lag. Well, hey, I love that you love the lag. That's awesome. I like it. >> Me, too. >> Uh, Jacob, yes, it is over for um Orange County, but yeah, it's other places now. So, >> yeah, I think so. This is that time of the year. >> Yep. It's going to be busy till end of April, probably mid April. Yeah, something like that. And then we'll have a little break and then summertime, which hasn't been quite as busy lately cuz it is so hot in the summer. We'll see how it is this year. A thank you, Andre. Appreciate that. Thank you for being here. Go find our clamshell. You missed the lag, jingle. >> Shoot. What is it? Now I forget it. >> What a voice. What a beautiful voice. But let me tell you how that evil sea witch tricked Ariel's voice away from Wait a minute. You look kind of familiar. Well, anyway, Ariel fell in love with a human right and back to the Heat. Heat. Guys, we must be Under the sea down from me someday one day when they get But >> what's this? You've come to a stop. >> Guess what? >> Maybe it's that sea witch. Listen to me. Stay seated in your clown shield while I get to the bottom of this. We hope you got the sea. >> Under the sea. >> Yeah, I like it. moving immediately. Stay in your seat now. You got to hear it under the sea. yourself child. He told her that could help me repentance and made a switch to all unfortunate souls in pain in this one to be thinner than one Little girl and do I help? >> Yes indeed. Those poor unfortunate souls so sad. without time will be better. She say a word that she won't say until you kiss me girl. Oh my sh Heat. Heat. family, but otherwise I'll be Anyway, that's the story of all you mermaid. Of course, she ain't a mermaid no more. She's a pretzel. I mean, a pretzel. Goodbye. >> It was so good to see you. We hopeful time. >> All right, guys. Sorry about the lag. Nothing too too bad. Heat. Heat. All right, now we're not going to be able to see. >> It's going to be so bright. >> Very bright. >> The lag was the sea witch. Exactly. That's right, Tim. Oh, something smells yummy. >> I don't know what it is, but it smells yummy. >> Um, that's for the meet and greet, I think. >> Yeah, >> meet and greet. >> They want to go see Ariel. >> That is a very popular meet and greet. >> Yeah, it is. I mean, she's a great princess. Looks like Haunted is still down if my app is working right. So, why don't we go to the People Mover. >> All right. I like it. >> Can never go wrong. >> Super pumped for Jack and Oddfellow. Oh, I know, Jacob. I know. I forgot to talk about the HHN announcement. So, um it is going to be an exciting year this year. I am so excited. So, it is for HHN, if you guys don't know, is Halloween Horror Nights at Universal Studios, and we love it. so much. >> It's fun. >> It is so fun. And I don't like scary movies at all. >> Me neither. I have no idea what any of the movies are. They just like, you know, feature. >> Yep. I don't know. So, this year is the 35th anniversary. So, I heard they're pulling out all the stops or not pulling the stop. What's the saying? >> Wait, they're pulling out all the stops? They're not >> Wow, you are making me think really. They're not holding back. >> There you go. Yeah. Pulling out on the top. >> There we go. Okay. Yeah. It just sounded weird for a second. >> We're gonna fly by the seat of our pants. Wait. Or whatever Dale said. I don't Oyster. >> Jazar Oyster. Um but yes, they are bringing Jack the Clown back, which was um an icon 5 years ago. And he's been icons for a while, but he was five years ago. And Dr. Oddfellow. They're bringing both of them back. Dr. Oddfellow was like, >> was that your first year Dr. Like two years ago? Three years ago, something like that. >> He was the icon. So, it's kind of nostalgic for me. >> Yeah. Okay. I love that. So, it's going to be awesome. So, they're going to have those two. And then they also announced the first house, which is going to be Dr. Oddfellow and Jack the Clown battling each other. >> I cannot wait. It was like chaos and control. Yeah, chaos is probably Jack the Clown. Control is >> Dr. Oddf fellow also probably were the names of the the good and the evil in um Yeah. Smart the TV show. >> Well, there you go. A long long long time ago. >> Uh that's new to me. That's cool. >> Chaos was like the evil organization and control was you know >> Yeah. >> the good people. >> Okay. I like that. So, it's going to be an amazing house. I cannot wait for it. They already showed some concept art a little bit for it. So, um So, yeah. I want that t-shirt. The t-shirt where it's like >> Yes. Yes. Yes. Uh Dr. Yep. saying we might need to make a trip to Universal. I know. So good. Uh Tim says, "The story behind this year's HHN is amazing. They team up with each other at the I think at the end of the house, right? They go against each other and then they team up. Is that correct? >> To like scare us even more. >> I think so. >> Yep. >> Hi, Age of Retro. How are you? Welcome in. >> Mantra Monday. The day is our oyster and we are pulling out all the stops by the seat of our pants. >> I like it. >> Amaro, that is perfect. That is amazing. Love it. >> All right, it is people mover time. Who is Rey? >> We're ready. today and tomorrow >> and very soon this will be open. Cannot wait. You're doing swell. I love it. Doing swell as well. >> I have not been to HHN yet. I love scary movies. Manoa J, you would absolutely love it. You got to come. You can you can go with us. >> Okay. You should come out sometime and and come with us. >> Oh, it's so fun. So fun. We're trying to get our friends from Ohio to come with us too this year. We'll see. I know um Rachel um is excited about it. Jiren not so much. Um and Rebecca, I'm not sure. I'll have to ask her. >> I feel like Jiren and Andy can just hang out together just eating. >> Perfect. Drinks. >> Love that idea. >> Yeah, they can hold our beer that we don't drink. Just kidding. We don't drink beer. >> Here, hold my beer. >> Here, hold my beer. >> That's funny. >> Hold my marker. Yeah, I'll never You know what's funny? There's a new shirt at Universal that says, "Hold my butterbeer." It's really cute. >> We might need those. >> We might need those. Jack the Clown will always be my fave. Oh, that's awesome. Chris, we're going for the first time October 3rd. Heather, you're going to love it. So much fun. I will talk my husband into going there this year. He can go visit his family in Miami and I will hang with the girls. Sounds good. Come on down. We're there most weekends >> in September and October. >> Yeah. >> Or not weekends, but like weekdays. >> I don't think my my ticket only usually Sundays. >> Okay. >> We'll see this year though. I don't know. >> They switched it up last year a little bit. >> And last year, didn't you like upgrade your ticket in some? >> I did. I included Friday. Oh, >> Friday. But this year, you never know. I could upgrade some more. This since Jesse was visiting, you know, coming to visit us last year. I just got the one that got me in every day cuz I didn't know for sure when she was visiting. >> Well, and that Yeah, that way. Exactly. Cuz she was here on Saturdays and things. So, makes sense. Uh, it's a girl trip leaving the kids and hubbies home. Yeah. Perfect. It is a very nice day today. >> Here we go. >> Okay, smooth joy, >> guys. Oh, there's Cindy. There he goes. Tim says, "I'm getting an HHN express pass since I'm not running." Sad story. Lol. Actually, that's an okay story. >> We were just talking about that, Tim, about getting an express pass for one day. >> Um, yeah, we might at least do one day. We'll see. We'll see what what we figure out when the prices come out. >> Yeah. I'd love to do the big big pass, but I don't know. I don't know. We'll see if they up it then. >> Yeah, the mega pass. >> Please step carefully. >> I'm with you. for your safety. >> It might actually pay for itself depending on how much legat >> the one with the express every night really fast. So we'll have to >> Yeah, we'll have to get it right away if we want to do it. >> Thank you. platform. >> Okay, >> you guys missed it. >> Here's my new little guy I got from Hotart. Here he is. >> He's so cute. He's cute. >> So cute. I love him. The hat. >> I know. He is adorable. Uh, when did they start telling me July? Tim was telling me he thinks it was July. Remain seated at all times keeping hands, arms, feet, legs, and others. And please be >> not. Stay clear of the doors, which will open and close your journey. >> Thanks. Thanks, Benjamin. >> All right, guys. Enjoy the ride. >> This is the TTA blue line. Non-stop service around Tomorrowland. >> Have fun. Oh, they're together. >> Greetings, intergalactic travelers. Welcome aboard the People Mover presented by Enterprise. I'm Borak 5, your guide aboard this Halloween sky. the absolute best way to see tomorrow land. And my stars, is there ever lots to see? Spacecraft to Monster Labs. There's really nothing like today in Tomorrowland. >> For your safety, if you have wings, jetpacks, or gravity polarizers, please do not take flight while on board. The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Trailers. Transfer to Green and Red Lines. Don't worry, your express train keeps on rolling through the future right by two of my favorite spots. First up, Progress City. Walt Disney's amazing dream for a community of tomorrow. Did you know Progress City inspired Epcot? And a lot of the visionary ideas throughout Walt Disney World. Look, there's even a tiny people over. I wonder if that means there's a tiny brick. On your right is Star Traders, home to the greatest goods in the galaxy, except actual stars. Those are no longer. Now approaching Tomorrowland Speedway and Tron Light Cycle Run. I love a good circuit and these are two of the best tracks of the cosmos for a bit of light speedy competition. >> Please keep forward facing tentacles of coming vehicles. Thank you. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Please keep clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. This is Starport 75 or as the locals call it space. Our highspeed rocket to distant deep space destinations. Let relaxation wash over you at the most refreshing retreat in the galaxy. The coral rooms of IC7. You H2 owe it to yourself. Vote today. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. paging Mr. Marorrow. Mr. Tom Marorrow, please contact Mr. Johnson in the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. Thank you. Attention all visitors of Galaxy F31. Please keep all clear of oncoming vehicles. Thank you. To your right is the Astro Orbiter, our celestial symbol of interplanetary harmony and fellowship. Hop aboard and launch high above Tomorrowland for a spin amongst the planets. The next station is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. >> As usual, we'll keep moving ahead and so does the carousel. Like progress itself, this theater never stops, inspiring new generations to dream of a great big, beautiful tomorrow. Heat. Heat. Now I'm happy. Heat. Heat. Take the time to see this show. Now approaching Tomorrowland Transit Authority Station. My fellow sentient life forms, our people journey has nearly come fully. Thanks for riding with us. It's been a pleasure to have you aboard. And even though we're concluding, this is always my favorite part cuz now is the time. Now is the best time to go out and explore tomorrow. Today. See you in the future. Heat. Heat. Thank you. Please. >> However, the the entrance is not open automatically. Step on the moving platform with caution and by stepping away from the car. Thank you. Please keep arms and tiny and other appendages away from the doors and remain seated until they open automatically. Step on the moving platform with caution and exit by stepping away from the car. Thank you. >> All right, guys. Fun breezy. Thank you. Yes, your arms and your tunes. >> All right. Well, that was very nice. >> That was nice. Perfect weather. >> Perfect. Well, should we try teacups or >> Mhm. We'll see what it looks like. If not, we can always do some shopping with t-shirt. >> Maybe Winnie the Poo's gone down by now. >> Yeah, maybe Winnie the Oh, the train. We can always do the train. Oh, I hear it. >> Yeah, I like the train. >> Uh, we have our first super chat from Debbie. Debbie sent a $20 super chat. Um, she says, "Jenna and Sharon, have a magical Monday and have a Starbucks on me." A, that's so sweet. Thank you so much, Debbie. Very, very kind of you. >> Okay. I know, right? Thank you so much. That was so kind and a happy Monday. Let's go into Star Traders first, cuz you know, it's it's right there. And it's kind of a little like it's just a thing we do after the people. >> One of my favorite shops. >> Me, too. It's a it's a usually stitchy fililled shop. So, I do love it. Hey, they might have the New Year's. >> I was thinking that. >> Great place to check. >> Edwin says hello. Hi, Gail. I don't know. Today might be a good ice cream day. What do you think? >> Today might be the perfect ice cream day cuz it's not so hot that >> it'll melt the minute you walk outside. >> But it's warm enough to eat ice cream. >> All right. It might be an ice cream day. Did you get that one last time? The cold brew. >> Uh I got the >> salted caramel. Oh, okay. For some reason, I thought you got this one. Okay. >> This is delicious. >> That looks so good. Okay, Tim says, "All I know is 999,999. Is it Galactic Hero anymore?" >> I heard that they've changed. >> It's higher. >> Yeah. Well, I heard it's maybe unlimited score. >> Oh, kind of like Disneyland, I think. >> Yeah. >> Challenge accepted, he says. Okay. All right, Tim. >> I got you. >> You know how cast members are can are I think are already previewing it. >> Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. So, >> and some media got to go >> and some media. Yeah. >> Very cool. >> I noticed. >> Yeah. >> DBC Andy was looking at the videos this morning and like they're trying to see how to >> trying to see how to like make, you know, get higher points. That's really cute. >> That's cute. >> Just a Disney girly. >> All the cute things. >> That is adorable. >> That's really, really cute. I like the color. Me too. >> I know. That shirt is really cute. I got that. I might need him. It was great meeting Josh and taking a selfie in Animal Kingdom. A That's awesome. Illusion. I'm sorry I missed you, but I'm glad you got to see Josh. Oh my goodness, that is so cute. I need that in my size. I also love this bag. The bag is $24.99. And then you've got your new backpack. They need that in a smaller size and it would be an add to cart immediately. I'm not seeing the ears. I'm not seeing any Stitchy ears yet. Isn't it adorable? >> So cute. >> Oh, yes. Those are cute. Thank you. >> I know. I love him, too. So cute. He needs a little >> Yes. >> So, you can have him on your backpack. But I like you how you did the little safety pin. >> Smart. >> I did two safety pins just in case one of them decided to >> Very smart. >> You know, pop open or >> the bow with the bag with a bow. Yeah, that that was cute. The Disney girly one. >> Yeah, that's really cute. So So cute. >> $34.99. Yeah, this is really cute. >> $34.99. Just like small, you know, like phone. >> Yeah, small wallet. >> Yeah, little wallet, whatever. Yep. >> Perfect. All right, let's go this way. Love all the plushies. I know. They're so cute. >> So cute. >> This is a new cup. He's He's angry. Stitchy. >> He needs ice cream. >> Oh, I have that one. Isn't he cute? >> They have a bunch of new ones like this. If Goofy Pluto, >> would it have the magnetic? >> Yeah, I forget who else, but I remember. Yeah, exactly. That's the magnet. Is that what that emoji is? >> Magnetic. >> Yeah, it's not clapping. It's magnetic. >> Clapping or praying. It's magnetic. >> I I love this and this. >> Uhhuh. I like this whole line. Me, too. >> The sweater. Although, it's kind of hard to think about a sweater, right? >> Yeah. That's why I like this and this. Although, you know, when the winter comes. Yeah. The hat, the ears. So cute. This is all her universe right here. The shirt is $44.99 and the skirt is $49.99. That's not bad, actually. Does it have shorts? >> No. Okay. >> Yeah, actually. >> Oh, it does. No way. Kind of like >> Okay. >> You know. >> Well, that's better than nothing. >> Yeah. >> Totally. >> I would still wear I would still wear like bike shorts under this because it's very much like a skirt. But this would make it less hot. >> Yeah, >> I do like that. That's cute. Uh, hey Regina, how are you? Welcome in. Regina Erie is here. >> And who else we got? Um, I just saw somebody else. I don't know where it went. Okay. Crackle. Crackle. >> Yes. >> Cracker Barrel. It's hard to say. Crackle. It's a new name. Um, he said had more Stitchy merch. Tim did. Oh, that's cool. I haven't been there in a while. >> Wait. Cracker Barrel is Stitchy merch. >> Yeah, they have a bunch of merch in here. Yeah, I know. >> Weird, right? >> All the Cracker Barrel >> all over. >> All the cute little >> jerseys. Hi, Kelly. Do they have the matching Disney girly hat? No. Is there one on Shop Disney? That's cool. >> I mean, they had a pink hat, but it >> Yeah, they had a pink hat, but does one say Disney girly? It probably does. Did you see these? >> Oh, that's really >> I already bought one and it has a >> That's really nice >> keychain. Or you can put it on your little, you know, Lumos or whatever. >> Oh, yeah. Oh my gosh. >> The boooos, right? >> They're going to come out with more. >> You could put it on and zip it so that >> Right. It doesn't fall off. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. I had to. It was an add to cart immediately cuz these are like Tokyo Disney. >> Yeah, they have a lot of Tokyo Disney stuff. I've been waiting for those to come here. Oh, that is cute. Little Kermy. >> I feel like they don't always have Muppet items in the stores. So, >> sorry when they do. Um Oh, they want to see my ears. Yeah, I did get my ears. I got them. They're not in the shop right now, but these are them. They're so cute. They're cuter in person. I mean, they're cute. >> Really cute >> in the picture, but like >> the color is really nice. >> Did we see them over here or they not? >> Uh, let's look. I haven't seen them yet. >> They do have the little blind bag um lounge flies. It looks like these are some that you can get. >> That looks really cute the way they have it. >> It does. And I don't think they're in this box. Are they? >> There's red. Do I have that pink? That pink one. >> No. Or unless it's that one. >> Is it that? >> Maybe it's that one. I don't know. But I do like the pink one. >> Must be in this silver. Maybe that one. >> It is Kermit. Hi, Daddy and Disney. Dan, she's doing okay. Thanks for asking. >> All right. Did you see the new Oh, here they are. So, they have the gold and they have Safari Mini and Mickey. >> Oh my goodness. >> I added cart Safari Mini and Mickey. But these are cute, too. I was going to ask you if they had these in Springs, but >> Yeah, they did. They have them here. >> And Safari, >> I bought those. They have them. They have the ears here, guys. If you want Stitchy ears, they're here. I already got them, so I'm good to go. >> Brand new. I'm surprised they don't have them by the Stitch stuff. Just going to say that. But they're here. >> Oh, you're welcome, Kelly. You want Britney wants all the merch. Sharon's shopping. >> So cute. >> That's yours. Instead of sassy Sarah, you're shopping Sharon. >> Yep. That's >> That's funny. >> That's it. I love it. So cute. >> They have the Cinderella ones. Aren't they cute, Lisa? But yeah, the safari ones here. Yeah. Show them the safari. >> Oh my goodness. >> I had to actually. That's a good one. >> So cute. >> If you're going to buy one, that's a good one. >> Really? >> And then Minnie. >> They have mini also. >> Yep. >> At least they did. >> Maybe to the right. >> Uh, one more. Two more. Whoopsie. Mickey down. >> Mickey. Mickey. >> Mickey down. There she is. >> There. >> Oh, you pulled some good ones. >> Those are adorable. Actually, the ears are straightish. The hats are straight. >> Uh-huh. >> You did good. >> The ears are kind of roundish. Good. >> Look at you. That must be a sign. >> Might have to add the cards. >> Yeah, that might be a sign. >> I might need to add these two cards. >> Uh, Joseph, uh, 1999, peer character looking at himself in the mirror saying, "Thanks for being you." with hearts popping out of his eyes. A Joseph, that's so sweet. Thank you so much for the super chat and for the kind message. Very, very nice. Thank you so much. All right, so they also have these that you can just purchase if you don't want to do the blind bag one. Joseph, I've been watching you guys for years. Love what you do. Thank you so much. Oh my goodness, that is so kind. >> Really appreciate it. >> Put it up. That's pretty. >> Very pretty. Did you get the Zootopia gang? >> I did. >> Yeah, they're cute. >> Back over here. We got these. >> Regina says those are so cute. >> So cute. All right, let's go look what's over here. >> I do like this shirt. I could see dad wearing this one. >> You doing Hi. >> Dad watches you guys on live stream one, right? If I say hi to I was going to ask. Yeah. >> Hi, Dad. >> A What's his name? >> Todd. >> Hi. You said Todd. >> Todd. >> Hi, Todd. That's awesome. Where are you from? >> Uh, Indiana. >> Oh, what part? >> Uh, like >> I'm from Indiana. >> Indiana. >> Southern. I grew up in southern Indiana. Oh, awesome. >> Petersburg. >> No way. My mom grew up in Petersburg. That is too funny. We lived in Vincent. Yes. >> So, super close. That's awesome. Well, enjoy your trip. That's too funny. Small world. >> Regina is a professional sharp shopper. Yes, >> we're all professional shoppers here. All right, Sharon. Shopping Sharon. >> Oh, this dress is so cute. >> Hi, Sims. Ta Sims. Um, okay. So, here is Sharon's spirit jersey or not jersey, baseball jersey. So cute. They have a ton of Belle. They are running low on the Rapunzel. A lot of people love her. >> Hi, Nico. Oh my goodness. Look at the Pluto shirt. That is so cute. I love it. Sleepy stitchy, granny stitchy, squishy stitchy, soft stitchy, all the stitches. Water bottle stitchy. >> Hi Paul acquired. >> All good. Yep. >> Yay. Shopping cheering. Sorry to hear you. >> You're totally fine. Oh my goodness. Look, I've not noticed this. They have a little um like spaceship and then Stitches in there. Stitches on the spaceship. >> Isn't that cute? I love that. >> Love it. Love it. All right. I am going to hand this to you when we get outside. So, I got to take this long sleeve off. >> Yeah. >> It's not long sleeve weather. It is. >> All right. >> Whenever you're ready. No worries. Hi, Nico. >> Thank you so much. Um, I'm going to go to the bench. >> Okay. >> China is getting benched. >> It's time to take a break. >> It's It's not hot, but it's too hot for a long sleep. >> It's Yeah, it's It's kind of the perfect temperature. >> It really is. >> My watch says it's 71. >> It feels >> How are you? >> A >> enjoy your life. >> They said they're going home today. That's always the sad day. >> A you're so sweet. >> When I used to when it used to be our last day and we were headed home, I was already planning our next trip. I mean 100% that's what you do. >> That's the only way you can get through it. >> Yes, exactly. It gives you something to look forward to. >> Basically, it was like Disney trip to Disney trip >> and you know >> those little jobs that we had in between that, you know, paid for them. >> Yeah. You got to go back to work and, you know, Good morning everyone. Sorry I cannot see the chat at the moment because it's so bright out here. >> The the uh glare on the >> Speaking of that, I have my sunnies I can put on. Well, you have the gimbal. You know, my Nikki one. >> Yes, Tim. Your whole year. >> See, I managed to see that. Your whole year is planning. Is that what he says? Is planning already? Yes. Mhm. I completely understand him. >> Where to next? >> Should we check? >> Yeah, I like that plan. >> Bring it. >> Well, let's walk towards the teacups cuz you know it's right there. >> We could also get on the train. >> Um All right. Oh, they're 25. Okay, >> let's not do that. >> Teacups are fun, but not worth 25 minutes. All right. Well, I have an idea. What's that? >> I think it's really >> I don't know, but let's go. >> Get there. >> Honda is 15. >> Says it's 15. >> We're gonna see when we get there. >> Reopen, I'm guessing. >> Yeah. Yeah, if it gets too long, we can always pivot and go somewhere else, but it's worth trying. >> It might be It starts to fill up right away after it reopens. >> Yeah, >> maybe we'll time it. >> So, should we We should just go straight, I guess. Or should we go across? >> Um, probably straight. Let's do straight. >> Yeah, >> I like that. >> I know a little squishy, but >> Yeah. >> Yeah, we'll figure it out. Hi, Julie. How are you today? Thank you for 1500 people in the chat. 680 likes. If you guys have not already popped that like button, please go ahead and do so. Helps YouTube know you're enjoying the stream and it will share it out to more friends. We'd love to add more resort hoppers. We just got to 213,000 subscribers. So, thanks everybody for subscribing. Also, if you've not subscribed over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale, uh we're almost to 13,000 over there, like really close. >> Wow. >> We're less than 20. >> Oh my goodness. That's really exciting. >> Yeah. So, definitely hit that subscribe button. We would love to add you. All right, here we go. And hopefully tonight or tomorrow, I'm going to edit the next cruise vlog. So, that should be going up soon. Thank you. They've been fun to like relive again, you know, >> and they're great memories. So, I I'm I'm glad we do them. >> 40 minutes for Winnie. Winnie the Pooa. Oh my. Look at mine train. >> Okay. Busy, busy, busy. We're heading to uh the mansion. Happy magical Monday, Safy. Thanks for being here. I'm thinking this ice cream sounds good today. >> Yes, I love that ice cream. >> The Aurora cone is good. >> It's all good. You know what else sounds really good? If the line's not long later, >> the mac and cheese from here. Oh, I Yeah. >> So good. >> I also love Isn't that where they have the loaded tots, too? >> Yes. Loaded tots with mac and cheese, I think. Isn't it together? >> Oh, maybe it is. >> I think I'm pretty sure. >> Hi, Wayne. Um, it's not spring break in Orange County, but I It's spring break around other parts, >> so it's busy, but not as busy as I was expecting. >> No. >> But it's also not even 11 yet. So, I'm assuming it'll get busier >> getting here. >> Yeah. Or people could be flying in today. >> Yeah. I think Florida went back today. >> Oh, yes. Yes. Today on spring break. >> Yep. Today the traffic was much busier, let me tell you. All the kiddos and teachers going back to school. Every time you pass by this area gives me so much nostalgia cuz I used to work at Poo. Oh, that's so cool. That's awesome. Love that. >> Yeah, that's really sweet. >> What a great ride to work at. >> Okay, we're almost there. >> Did it go up yet? >> Let us know, guys. >> Yeah. >> 55. >> 45 for Peter Pan is not bad. Wow, even Small World is out. Oh my goodness. >> Hello. >> Where are you going? >> Hello. We're going to Hanza. >> Oh, why? >> Well, I don't know why you wonder why they have. Everyone is so blown up. >> Ghost came. >> Ghost? >> Yeah. Oh, also by the way, >> um we we're honoring you today >> with the hat look like me. >> I mean, you're wrong. I'm sorry. I was wrong. >> I smile like Tinker Bell. >> It is >> Tinker Bell thinks you should every day. And it does have a red feather like >> Yeah. I mean, the hat the hat is >> You can actually say that. >> No, just pretend like rewind. >> Well, I think you should try to honor me every day. So perhaps you can make something for your friend that looks more like me. Green leaves you win games and find those Peter Pan. >> A green hat in amongst the trees. >> Okay. All right, Sharon. Are you on that? >> Bye, Peter Pan. >> Oh my goodness. That was fun. >> That was hilarious. >> That was so fun. >> Oh my word. Oh my word. >> Pinocchio. Whatever. >> Started with a P. It's fine. >> Okay. >> Did it go out? Did it go up, guys? I know. That was so cool. He literally just bam. There he was. >> I was like, who's putting their armor? >> Hey, are you Jenna? >> Yes. >> How are you guys? >> Hi. We watch you all the time. >> Thank you so much. Do you want to say hi on the chat or >> hi? I don't know. >> No worries. Okay. What was your name? >> Kaitlyn. >> Awesome. >> I go by Katie. We're from Jasper, Indiana. Oh, no way. >> We've seen you guys before. >> I love that. That's awesome. >> I just met some more people from southern Indiana just a minute ago. So cool. >> From right. >> Yes, we are. Yeah, they were from Petersburg. >> Oh, wow. >> A lot of southern Indiana. I love it. That's awesome. >> Hi, guys. >> No, that's okay. No worries. >> On spring break this week? >> We are. >> We're like we're like taking inventory of >> trying to figure out. Yeah. We are saw me come down. >> A Well, I hope you're enjoying the weather's perfect. Perfect. >> I hope so. I hope so. >> Well, thank you for watching. You too. Bye. Enjoy your popcorn. >> Bye. After. >> Okay. >> All right. I mean, 30 is not horrible. What do you guys want to do? Do you want to wait 30 or you want to move on? >> Oh my goodness. that little dog is. Oh my goodness, he's so cute. Um, >> I have an idea. Let's go to the emporium. >> Good idea. >> And then from Main Street, we can hop on the train. >> Oh, I love that idea. >> Okay, perfect. >> You know, if we wouldn't have come this way, we wouldn't have ran into Peter Pan. So, >> it was meant to be. >> Or Pinocchio. Pinocchio. My >> boat. That was funny. >> That was funny. But, you know, he did a great job with it, saying that we could, you know, make him an outfit. And that was so cute. He was like, >> "Wait, what did you just do?" >> That was funny. >> I swear I know my Disney characters. I really do. >> I mean, he was a celebrity. You were getting like a little shell shock there. I get it. >> I get it. I do that with celebrities. You're like, "Words, words are hard." All right. Hey, is there a parade today at noon? >> Oh, I bet there is. In fact, I wonder if there's two parades. >> Yeah, last week there was. Let's look and see if there is this >> noon and three, I want to say. >> Yeah, that's what it was last week. Curious if there's one at noon today, cuz if so, >> we could probably watch it. >> Oh, good point. >> We can ride the backwards choo choo. That's right, Tim. Look at that castle. >> So pretty tonight. >> Catalina, I'm doing well. How are you today? >> See, can't believe we're up here 9:30. Festival Fantasy Parade 12 and free. >> All right. Well, let's watch the 12:00 one. And I want to try to stand in my one spot that I like right over here. >> So, yeah, that's your Yeah. Get great character interaction there. And not as squishy sometimes. I wonder if anyone has ever asked Peter Pan about the Peter Pan peanut butter. That would be a fun question. Do you know you own a peanut butter company? >> That's funny. >> It's delicious, too. >> Dapper Dans are out again. >> New parade. All right. Thanks, guys. >> A Catalina, I'm sorry that you're not feeling well. This way. Oh, we're going to photo bomb. >> No photo bombing. Really good at photo. >> Yeah, >> it's true. Oh, here they come. >> Oh, sad day. Debbie said they got rid of the mac and cheese tots. What? They only have a macaroni cheese ham pie >> and cheddar bacon ranch tot bacon ranch to sound. >> It does. Yeah. >> How about that? Remember >> that was good. >> Thank you very much everybody and good morning. We are >> Dapper Band. >> That's right. We're the welcoming committee here at the Magic Kingdom. If you're looking for us, we're on this making our way up from Cinderell. >> Hi, Disney Dream. How are you? >> Um, we found the people on Main Street. Oh. Oh, dang. That was close. A Tom. Well, I'm glad that you know you're able to visit the park with us through the stream. >> There's always corn dog nuggets. I haven't had those in so long. >> Hi, awesomeness. >> Very cool. All right. Well, here we go into the shop. We made it. We did make it. And it's not crowded in here. I love it. Okay. Well, these are little fun little uh jewelry sets. Oh my goodness. >> So cute. They have several of the princesses. It's a cute souvenir for the little one people. And it's nice and small to take home. >> Oh, here's a new shoulder pal, Winnie. Look at Winnie. >> Oh my goodness, she's so cute. Tell me don't >> he is >> I don't know. >> I'm guessing 20 something. >> They're usually around 25 to 27.99, but free. >> Yeah, I like free. Transformer dad says, "I'm not a dapper Dan. I'm a chat and Chad." I love that. That was fun. Don't see your face. >> Okay. Oh, that's all right. See what we got here. Ooh, they have rose gold ones. >> Those might be an add to cart. >> Those are really cute, >> right? >> How much of these are really cute? >> Teal. >> Oh, >> that's not bad. Yep. >> Mhm. Those are cute. >> There's three left. >> Mhm. >> I mean, you know, I love my ears. >> They're nice and light, >> right? >> So, they don't really add much more weight to the bag. >> Okay, I'll carry them. They're supposedly getting a lot more colors and things. So, >> but I This is just classic. >> I love the idea of putting them on. >> Oh, I know. on the new emo or little characters. All right, guys. Let's see what else we can find. Oh, here's these new guys. So, they got Tiger, Pluto. I kind of want him. Look at him. He's so cute. Tim says $2. >> Regina says get them. Maria says get them. >> Yeah. I almost added. >> Yeah. Regina knows me. >> She knows. Get them. Get them. >> Uhhuh. She knows us. >> Shop and Sharon. >> Uhhuh. >> Um and then Yeah. This is >> This is really cute. >> Isn't he cute? >> Love it. Love it. >> He's also teal dollar hook. So yeah. Yes. Teal. Is that like So it's not like real money. No, it's just teal. Teal. Yeah. You can you pay with anything that's teal in your bag? >> I'd like this one. >> Like if you had a teal rock >> piece of gum or um you know >> teal um >> they have goofy too. Look cute. So cute. >> Okay, these are all cute. >> I know. I love this is all cuteness. >> Yep. Cuteness overload. All right. I I have them in my hand. Don't worry, guys. I'm probably going to buy them. Not that I need another keychain, but I need another keychain. Ooh, these are new. >> These are from the cherry blossom line. Aren't those pretty? >> Comes with little stopper. Okay, that is so cute. Well, 40. Did I say $49.99? My goodness. >> But it is cute. >> Is it? >> It's Yeah, it's classic. >> It is beautiful. >> I love the cherry blossoms. >> Get the stitch. Oh, I already had the Stitch. Otherwise, I would. >> I love these little guys. And they're only $35. And they have Guscus and Jack Jack back here. And then they've got Mrs. Pots. They've got um really cute. Wait, where's Oh, she's got Chip. That's Chip in her hand. >> I know. And then we got Pascal. >> Pascal scissors. Oh, Mickey. >> Scissors. >> Mickey. >> These are really cute. Every Monday morning is always going off to a great start for me. These magical morning streams are helping. A thank you. We have Aurora, Moana, and Ariel. >> I like that. >> Oh, yeah. The blue princesses one. Love the chip cup. I feel like this one's newish. >> That's a You think it changes colors when you put in something hot? >> I don't think so. I have one similar. >> I have a Stitch one. >> And does it just stay? >> I think it's just like the sketch art. >> I do like the size though. >> I know. It is a good size. This is new. >> The cart. Can't even see this one. >> That is adorable as well. So fun. >> Oh, look at Pluto. Food for what does it say? Feudin. >> Food for Wow. Yeah. Mhm. Feud. >> I wonder if that's an old cartoon. >> It looks like it. >> 1999. >> Okay. >> My daughter is definitely going to grab Rapunzel. Look at >> Okay, those are really cute. >> I know. I like the one in the pool. >> Oh my goodness. Two. Oh, this is new. >> Tin. It goes with that shirt. >> I do like >> just arrived at Magic Kingdom. I'm actually in the same gift shop. Oh, say hello. >> How much is it? Is it 50? >> I'm guessing. >> $39.99. Okay. It's not bad for that big of a tin. You know, >> I like the handle. Like if you have one of those sturdy clips, you can actually clip it to your >> little carabiner or whatever they're called. >> Yep. That >> um won't make the trip we had scheduled in May due to the shutdown. Had to push it till later. Uh sorry, Stacey. >> Sorry, Stacey. >> Yeah, it might be just as well. The Air Force looks like they've been crazy. >> I Yeah, I've heard nightmare stories. I do love this. Also 10. >> Yeah, I like this. >> Goes with the other mug. >> $29.99. It sure does. >> I wish they still had these necklaces. >> Uh oh, you know what? Disney Springs. Oh, I should have told you. Saturday they had the um trunk show and they had them. >> Oh my gosh. >> The trunk show. >> But I don't know if if they're still doing a trunk show at Disney Springs. >> That is very popular. >> It is very cute. selling out in the trunk. >> I told myself I didn't need it, but it was still there Saturday evening. >> I mean, it's true. Need >> Well, I just Yeah, but it's so cute. >> I might need it to make me happy. >> Um, yeah, you do. Like, like I need this. >> Exactly. >> Good morning, Resort Budgeting. Love the Montreal Cup. Just walk past you. All right. Well, definitely, like I said, just come say hi if you want. Come say hi. >> On Mondays we don't bike. >> No, not but every other day. No, I'm just kidding. >> Just kidding. I love how empty it is in here right now. >> I love this all this blue line. >> I know the blue and gold line. I love this bag. Is this new? >> $49.99. >> Yeah, that one's fun. It's just nice and >> Disney Springs also had the Laboo looking Disney characters. Yes, they have them back. >> The ones that the ones that you got shared on the shared. >> Yeah. >> Uhhuh. >> Oh, let's look over here. >> That's a new backpack. >> And I need this. >> You do. I know. You probably could buy the whole >> whole line. >> This is a cute bag. >> Really cute. >> Just like ours, but the big size. A little bigger. >> Yeah, >> the bigger >> cup holders. >> What's a Laboo? Um, okay. They're these little monster looking guys. Um, and they're from Pop Pop Mart. No. Yeah, PopMart. And, um, they're keychains and then you get blind boxes and you don't know which one you're going to get. They kind of look like the Stitch, but more like a monster face. So, they're plushy, but they have a hard face. >> See if they have any new TE's. This is new. I showed this to Brit. Britt said add to cart immediately. So, I got him one. >> Oh, good. >> Yeah. >> He said they didn't have them in their Downtown Disney. So, >> yeah, that's nice. >> Good shirts. Oh, there's um they need to come out here so I can >> Exactly. Come on down, Brit. What's this? >> I don't know, but that is when I when I'm seeing them I >> It's new. I know. >> That's cool. >> Oh my word. >> Oh, that's so cute. They're doing the um water maker drawing the Mickey on the pavement. >> That is adorable. >> I love it. >> I love that, too. >> I also like the material. It's nice and soft. >> Yeah. Lightweight. >> Yeah, it is. It's a soft shirt for summer. >> We have a Heihei shirt. >> He says clueless. Love that. Got some uh July 4th. >> Oh, I patriotic ones. Me, too. >> Oh, that is a good way to explain it. They're like beanie babies. >> Mhm. >> But new. >> Yeah, they're they're having their moment. >> Yep, they are. Oh, hey, Corey. Refresh. She says, "Lots of keychains are in disguise. They're really zipper pulls for jackets, purses, and whatever you needed." I like it. >> Smart. Smart. This one's new. >> Me, too. I like the red. >> Apparently, everybody else did, too, cuz there's no smalls. >> I love that. I was just telling Andy that. I said, "If you see a shirt that you like for the 4th of July, you better buy it now because they're probably going to start to sell." >> Yeah. Which is crazy. It's March. >> It's March, but it's such a big year. >> Yeah. Good point, actually. Darn it. I should have bought that. >> I really like that. >> Me, too. >> I'm sure they'll get more. >> Mhm. >> Yeah, that's one of my faves. >> You should buy a Sharon if they have your size. Oh my goodness. This is cute. Daisy and Minnie cowg girls. >> All right. They got some really good shirts in >> Memorial Weekend. That's true, Tim. That's coming up first. >> You can wear Memorial Weekend and the whole week of Fourth of July any other time. >> You can to Yeah. I mean, you live in the US, you can wear it anytime you want or out of the It doesn't matter. >> Wherever you just wear it, >> but it is fun to wear on July 4th. >> Yes. There's a store. >> Oh my goodness. >> So cute. >> I like the um Dodger and Oliver one, too. That was one of my favorite movies growing up. >> It made me want a cat. And my mom was like, "No, our doggy wouldn't like that." I'm like, "Fair." That's true. >> Fair. Mom, fair. Oh, >> sometimes they surprisingly that cute like each other. >> It's true. >> I think these are new. >> Really nice. >> Jesse might need to add to cart. >> I know. >> Send that to Jesse. >> Add to cart. Oh no. >> Yeah, >> mom. I do like that. >> It's gorgeous. I love that. >> I might get that. >> Yeah, it's a really nice. >> This is new. >> That's fun. It's really pretty. >> Yeah. Has a castle. It's pink, though. Castle's not pink anymore, though. >> It's like the collector's item. >> Oh, good point, actually. Oh my. This is the one I really want with his plushy pillow. >> And I really like the pirate one. >> Yeah. So much. I mean, 62626 is coming up. >> It is coming up. >> It's a special 626 >> cuz it's 62626. You're right. Oh, >> you got to get all your Stitch stuff ready. >> Get all your things. Oh, look. They got the ducks lined up in a row. Love it. >> Oliver Company was a pretty cute and funny anime movie. It was. And they had good music. So good. >> These are cute. >> These are really cute. >> Love that. >> They are free. >> Good question. >> They are free. I know. Can't find the prices today. I love this mint container. >> Oh my. >> Looks like the old ticket book. >> That is really, really cute. >> I might need that. $5.99. >> Let's go see what ears they have. All right. So, they don't have the stitch ears here. So, if you want them, they're in the Tomorrowland shop. >> Yeah, that shop is >> Don't let me walk out with this. >> I forgot you were holding that. >> I know. >> Yeah. Tomorrowland shop for the win. Sometimes they get the new stuff first. >> All right. Okay. Sometimes >> Oh, good call. Sometimes they have them over there. >> All right. >> You know what? I'm not going to add it to cart. >> Okay. >> Cuz you know why? I have the um I just remembered I have the ornament version. >> Oh, yeah. >> So, I don't need this. >> Okay. >> But I'm going to wait until they get >> other colors. Other >> colors. pink or >> the just classic Minnie Mouse would be cute. >> With the red bracelet, >> these are cute though. I'm going to hold off. Let's go put them back. >> A primo shopping sesh. Yeah, we got to see what all the new things are. You never know. Thanks, Manoa J. 626's on a Saturday. No way. I love that. That's cool. >> Got married on 3626. Wanted a 626 but didn't want to wait until June. Oh, I get that. Definitely don't have to. But that would be cute if you got married on 626. That would be adorable. >> Exactly. Oh, it's on a Friday. Well, that's even better. >> Even better. Love that. >> You'll be able to, you know, do your Friday night live >> with all things stitch. >> All things stitch. Was it this one? >> Was it this one? >> Yes. >> Yes. Okay, perfect. Thank you. Oh, look at that. Two left. >> All right. Well, let's go to the shop across the street and then we'll go check out um the train >> getting squishy. All right, guys. Well, let's talk about one of our awesome sponsors. We have mickeyras.com. If you guys are wanting to book a trip right here to Walt Disney World, mickeyras.com will help you book that trip. It won't cost you any more money than if you were to book the trip yourself. They help you plan for free with our expert advice. So, whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, make sure you book it with mickeyras.com. Also, go to mickeyblog.com for all of the latest Disney news. >> Disney balloons. >> A thanks, Julia. All right. Had I remembered 626 day, I would have scheduled my C-section for my son on that day. A >> instead of 628. >> That would have been fun. I love these tiny little bags. But I love this. >> Me, too. But I can't justify the price. >> I know. >> Especially for how small it is. >> Hi. >> I would probably go for this one first. >> It's bigger. >> I would use that. That would be cute for like a, you know, date night or something cuz you don't need much on a cruise. >> Yeah. You just need your necessities. >> Yeah. >> Is that Thanks, Candy. >> The neck. The chain looks small. >> The chain is all the way in the Oh, okay. I got you. >> Yeah. >> See if they have any new girls crew stuff. >> Mickey's still love the balloon earrings. >> Hi, TA Sims. How are you? Oh, are these new new stitchy ones? Oh my goodness, those are so cute. Hard to see. >> They're so little. Um, thanks for the live stream. That was my daughter that said hello from Petersburg any Oh, that's right. Okay. I forgot. I knew we had people from Petersburg in the chat. I just couldn't remember who it was exactly. Thank you. Good to see your daughter. Yeah, I agree, Britney. Good morning, Mark. Cats. >> There is a zero minute wait in the shop. >> Do you see any of the cruise loo stuff? >> The Walt Disney World um bracelet. I'm not sure. >> I like that. >> They had a ring too. Not like this one, but it was just like a ring that said Walt Disney World, but not in that >> in a different style. >> You want one of the necklaces? >> Oh my goodness. This is cute. >> Look at this. That's cute. >> Oh, that's really cute. >> Oh, there's three of them. I thought it was a dangle. >> I thought it was two. Oh, okay. Very cute. >> Yeah. Oh, >> you as I dropped them on the floor. Oh, >> same. >> Yeah, same. >> You could wear one color on one side. >> Actually, that would be really cute. What's this? Sparkly >> shiny thing. >> Shiny. Oh, it's moving. It's moving. >> All right. >> Let's go see what ears they have over here. >> Okay. Oh my goodness. Is that a train purse? >> What? >> Your dad needs a train purse. >> I know. My dad needs a train purse. >> Nobody in that little square area. You can put a lot of stuff in your >> purse. It's a train bag. >> That is the cutest thing I've ever seen in my life. >> Standard 300 on eBay. >> Oh my. >> Because we're limited to 100. >> Wow. Look at it. >> So $100. It is a lounge fl. It lights up. No way. >> This lights up. That's what he said. >> And there's a little plastic piece. Pull it out. >> Really? Wait, this opens. Oh, it sure does. Oh my word. Look at this. >> Okay, that's amazing. Hey, Arn somewhere. You're welcome. >> Okay, this is real. >> Minnie's on this side. Who's is Mickey on the other side? >> Yes. >> Oh my goodness. There's a bell. Wait, how does it light up? >> I didn't feel a >> Okay. Yeah. >> I was trying to see if you could feel Oh, >> no. Just kidding. >> Yeah. >> And it didn't feel like an onoff switch. >> Just buy it for dad and you can borrow it. Tim says >> take it back. There is a No way. >> Wait. Do you see that? >> Yeah. have this be of squeaky. >> What? >> Whatever. >> I want this so bad. >> It would just sit there on my shelf, but it's so cute. >> It is so stinking cute. >> Oh my gosh. >> Uh-oh. Cart ad tending. >> Okay, >> definitely get it, Rosa. >> Wow. Okay. How did you turn that? >> Oh, it was uh Did you find it? >> Yeah, there we go. >> Uh adorable. Like literally though, what would you fit in it? >> And then >> Yeah. What is What's that look like? Uh >> you could fit a You know, >> your cell phone. Yeah. >> Small wallet. >> Mhm. Okay. >> Well, we at least need to take a picture for dad so he can see it. >> Mhm. >> Well, that settles it. >> Dad needs a train bag. >> Yes. Here. Do you want to put it up here? And I'll I'll take a picture. That is adorable. Oh, yeah. Good call. Thanks. >> Turn around. >> Sure. >> Thank you. >> Oh my goodness. This is so cute. >> Adorable. >> Sharon, I would get it if I were you. >> I would get it. It is adorable. >> It's flying off the shelves. >> It does. It looks like a posh popcorn bucket. Yeah, >> that is so cute. >> Who would have thought? You know, >> that was >> smart. >> Well done. >> Smart Loungefly. Exactly. Oh, they do have the stitch ears here, guys. >> They sure do. So if you want the ones >> a good >> I'm wearing >> buy it for dad and just hold on to it for him. Tim says I like that plan. >> Christmas. >> Look, Dad. I got you a >> a train purse. >> No, no, it's a train bag. Train bag. >> Train back. Dad train back. >> You put your It's wallet in there. >> It's a gentleman's bag. >> We're going to We're going to title it a gentleman's bag for your dad. >> Yeah. And then he'll let me borrow it whenever I want >> and keep it at my house. >> That's so funny. >> Regina says, "Get it, Sharon." >> Thanks, Regina. >> It's so cute. So, so cute. >> Promise if you don't buy it when you see it, it may not get chance to buy it again. >> $300 on eBay is insane. Yeah. I mean I I guess if you can't get to Disney World, I >> Yeah, but why 300? It's 100. >> Keep one for ourselves and sell the other one for eBay. >> Actually, don't worry. I don't do that. We won't do that. >> I like to save the ones for the that people want to buy for >> Exactly. No. Yeah. >> I am not a reseller. >> We are not. We are not. >> I'm just saying that, you know, you can pay for your mango. >> It It's also true and probably why people do it. Uh this sounds good. English toffee. Yum. You could call it immerse. Yeah, like Joey from Friends, he called his immerse. >> Wait, what are these >> green M&amp;M's? I've got to know. Are they mint ones? >> Yep, they sure are. >> Oh, they're Christmas holiday mint. >> I bet those would taste good in cookies. >> Oo, yeah, they would. I must be really hungry cuz everything looks yummy, yummy, yummy, yummy. And you can tell, Dale, it's dad's, not mine. Tim says, >> "I bought this for dad." >> Keeping it for, you know, birthday/ Christmas, Father's Day. Father's Day's coming up. >> It is. And And I can just keep it at my house until I give it to him. >> Maybe use it a couple times. >> It's fine. >> You need to make sure it's working properly. >> Uh-huh. Exactly. >> Chocolate espresso cupcake. Oh, that looks good, >> doesn't it? >> So does the vanilla one. >> Yeah, it does look good. >> Yeah, it does. Um Yeah, they do. They Oh, sorry. They do have all the trash cans. The poly ones. >> Yep. I just looked. $300 to $400. What? That's insane. >> I still have your trash can, Tim, if you're watching. >> Oh, that's right. >> Keeping it safe for you. >> She's holding it hostage. No, I'm just kidding. I'll trade it for you. I'll trade it for a margarita. >> Oh, perfect. >> I like that plan. >> Oh, what's that one? >> That one looks like an Easter one, doesn't it? >> It sure does. >> Yum. >> I don't see a title, but it does look very >> This looks good, too. What is that? >> That looks really good. >> Okay, I'm just hungry. >> Back away from the candy. >> Starlight. >> Yeah, >> which was amazing. Yeah, >> I kind of just want the popcorn from that one. >> It was that good. I would just eat the popcorn. >> I don't need all that stuff. >> Yeah. Or maybe just like a drizzle of white chocolate. >> All right, let's go to the train. >> All right. >> I forgot where we were going. >> All right, guys. Um, we talked about Mickey Travels. Let's talk about um resort tv1homes.com. It's busy all of a sudden. >> Oh, you know what we need to do? >> It's 45 minutes until the parade. >> Should we not do the >> Oh, good point. >> Probably shouldn't do the train. >> Actually, I have an idea. >> Let's Let's go look and check out the sitch. >> I might need a restroom break. >> And then um I could always like just walk around, >> you know, near that area. Yeah, we can go to the Christmas shop. >> Love that plan. >> So, go check out uh resorttv1homes.com brokered by EXP Realy. If you guys are wanting to move here closer to the magic of Walt Disney World, again, go check out resorttv1homes.com. Go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. Resorttv1homes.com, guys, go check us out. Good idea, Tim. I got 30%, but I should probably plug in here shortly. Grab some corn nuggets and wait on the parade. That sounds good. Yep, it's getting a busies. Everybody getting their main street photos. What a great day for pictures, though. So sunny, >> so pretty. I hear a van. >> Let's go. Sidewalk. Looks a little less squishy. Thanks for almost 900 likes. Let's do a rapid fire bop as we're heading that way. So, if you guys don't know what that is, it's where we uh everybody joins in and bops the like button. So, all you have to do is close out of the chat. find the thumbs up and bop it. But you can just bop it once cuz if you bop it twice, it takes it away. So, are you guys ready? Are you set the like button and subscribe if you're new? >> Thank you. >> Yeah. >> Thank you. >> Yeah, no worries. >> Have a great day. >> Thanks. You too. Hi, Aya. >> Oh, yeah. That's a good one. Yeah. >> Here. Um, >> they just reopened. >> Yeah. Do you want to just hang out right here? I I think our spot will be fine for a little while >> and then I'll trade you. >> Sounds like a good plan. All right, let's see. >> Yeah. Uh, maybe away from the kiddos. Perfect. Thank you. Oh, yeah. Good. >> All right. Let's just look at the beautiful castle and the band. Yes, smooth joystate. It is a beautiful day. Look how blue the sky is. >> Really nice. >> There's a teeny bit of a breeze. So, it's not humid. Yeah, it's 74 according to my watch. So, yep. Perfect. Perfect day. I think it's supposed to get up to about 80 middle of the day. We're going to take a quick restroom break, take turns, and then go scope out a spot for the noon parade and Jenna can take you walking around Liberty Square $5 from Ben man. Great stream. Hi to Hi to Dad Frank. One of your fans also watching. Oh, that's so nice. Thank you, Ben. Man, I will make sure that Jenna sees that when she gets back. Hi Ally. Happy Monday. Oh, it's 33 where you are right now. Disney Dream Light fan. Brr. Yeah. Hello, MPL Disney, if I'm saying that correctly. Can you guys hear the band playing in the background? That's always fun. The marching band >> just splashing water all over my face. >> You know how when you squeeze the water bottle, see my face? >> You just need to cool down a little bit. >> That's all right. Thank you. Okay, no worries. >> Hello everybody. How's it going? Woo! It went in my nose. It was great. You guys ever done that? Taking a water drink out of your water bottle, plastic water bottle, and you accidentally squeeze it and it goes poof right in your nose. It was great. I'm sorry, TPG, but I hope it helps helps your day. Sleet and snow this morning in northern Indiana. Oh my goodness. I'm glad. Yes. I'm glad I'm not I'm not there. Sorry, you have to deal with that. Hot dog. Hot dog. Hot diggity dog. Hot dog. Hot dog. Hot diggity dog. All right, guys. Who's ready for the parade? It's going to be at 12, so we have a little bit of time. We're going to try to get a good spot for you. Almost 1,600 in the chat. Did you guys bop the like button? Hot diggity dog. You guys know this song? You think hot dogs for lunch? Was that a sign? Um, okay. So, who remembers during 2020 during COVID when there was no meeting characters when they would have characters just standing out here like Winnie the Pooh and Friends? Um cuz I don't think that restaurant was open either. Who remembers that? It was kind of a fun way to see characters. I do like that they, you know, still do random characters here and there. It's always fun. Oh, no. That's too bad. Transformer Dad. Jedi Master Bopped. Now you want hot dogs for lunch. Perfect. >> Uh oh, Sharon got it. But FYI, Ben man sent $5. Great stream. Hi to Dad. Frank, one of your fans also watching. A thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you to uh Ben Man and Frank for the super chat. Really appreciate it. Monoya J remembers. I don't want to go too far. >> So Sharon doesn't know where we went. Uh 52 tomorrow and then 60 and then the bottom dry dropped out again. Oh no. You found the train purse online for 158. Still more than it is here. Which I get it. I mean you have to have a little a little you know fee for picking it up and all the things dropping it off posting it in the mail. But not $200 to $300. That's That's a lot of money. >> It was It was a fun fun little time to wave at all the characters. Looks like the band might be heading this way. Hard to tell. All right. Going to get some chapstick cuz that sun I got burnt a little bit yesterday. We went to Aquatica. Haven't been there forever. And uh we left with our friends Kelly and Ivon. Had a nice chill day there, but I did get a little burnt, not going to lie. On my shoulders and on my neck. Hello. >> Nancy bathroom. >> It is. Isn't it nice? >> Yeah. >> Just telling everybody about how you have to be careful cuz even though it doesn't feel as hot as some days. Oh, we want to go this way. >> Um you'll still get burnt. Yesterday I put on lotion and I still got burnt on my neck and on my shoulders >> and my I don't think my lips got burnt, but they're really dry. So I'm like I got to keep putting that SPF chapstick on. That's right. Eagle sticks for sure. I know. I love the band. Oh, Mickey's out there. What was that? Nikki round with the hot dog. >> That is so cute. >> Getting better. >> All right. All right. All right. >> Well, you know what, Vicki? I know you're a very busy mouse. She got a lot of stuff to get to today. We want to thank you once again for taking the invite and coming out here and having a little fun with us. >> All right, goodness. I've never seen him before. That must be new. They were playing each other's trumpets. >> Oh my word. Mickey is adorable in his band leader outfit. >> Oh my goodness. There he goes to his castle. He shares a room. It's fine. He is a big cheese. Yes, he is. How cool was that? Yeah, the um the Disneyland band, they usually have characters out with their band. So, I'm glad they finally brought some for our band. >> That was awesome. >> All right. Well, who wants to see the parade today? I think it would be something fun. Yay. Okay. Me, too. >> Seen the parade for a long. >> Me neither. I want to come back and see Starlight again, too. I haven't seen that in a long time. >> It's a great parade. I think I would maybe come and do like the last parade. >> Yeah, >> cuz there's never quite as busy >> cuz the first parade gets really busy. >> Still worth it. Ooh, battery. Yes. Thanks, Amara. When we get over here, I will plug in. Okay, this is not busy at all yet, so that's good news. I've never seen Mickey do that either. I got so excited. Oh, this is different. They used to have a little cart here, but it's not here anymore. >> Yeah, I noticed. So, >> so we just hang out right here, I guess. Okay. >> So, like on this side? >> Yeah. I usually what I do is >> like stand here and you can stand right there. >> Yep. >> And they take it and go >> as long as we're inside the rope. >> Yep. >> So, we're okay. >> Yeah. >> So, all good. Definitely ready for a prey. Yeah, usually they had that little uh umbrella. >> Yeah. >> Where they would paint the umbrellas kiosk where they do the personalized umbrellas. Yeah. >> Super fun. Definitely ready for a parade. Awesome. >> Well, I'm happy to >> Are you sure? >> Stand right there. Walk them around. >> If you don't mind. >> Okay. Thank you. Actually, I'm going to plug in while we're >> some of my water. >> If you don't mind, real quick before you >> and then I feel like I'll be able to just squeeze them. >> Yeah, I think so. There you go. Do do you mind holding the peeps while I plug them in real quick? Otherwise, I'm going to forget. Thank you. >> Can you hear something? >> I know. It's >> the Peeps. >> All the Peeps. Speaking of Peeps, did you see they have the butterbeer flavored Peeps? >> No. >> They're actually really good. I tried those. >> But let me tell you, when we do go to Universal to get our HHM, >> we have to get the butterbeer cookie. >> Okay. >> Best thing I've ever had. Literally best drink ever. >> Okay, good. It sounds sharable. I bet it's rich. >> It's huge. >> However, you can take it home and have it for days like Dale and I did. >> Bring a a Ziploc bag or something. Yep. >> They're $10. >> Oh, but worth it. >> Yeah. I mean, >> it's two cookies. >> It's not that bad. >> No, two cookies and Oh my goodness, it's delicious. >> All right, guys. >> Also, while you were in the restroom, I forgot to tell you there was a super chat. >> Oh, yeah. No, thank you. somebody and >> but he said you read it. You did a great job. >> I read it. I wanted to make sure you read it. >> Thank you very much. I do appreciate that. >> Thank you. Thank you. All right. >> Wanted you to see it. >> Yeah. >> Well, enjoy hanging out. >> Drinking water. >> Thanks, Dar. Thanks, Sharon. Shopping, Sharon. >> Yeah, go shopping for me. >> I will. Darn it. >> You can go get that train bag. >> Oh, okay. I'll go grab it. It's on eBay. It's fine if we All right, I'm gonna go in here and then I'll I'll be back. We'll see what we do. I bought butterbeer pets. So good. Got them yesterday at Walmart. Aren't they good? Well, hello, John. Thanks for bouncing back into the chat. Looks like they have some Easter stuff. But the squishy Easter things, of course, they've got Christmas stuff. I love these pins that they just got. Like little pin, a pin of a pin lanyard with pins on it. It's just really cute. This one's new. I haven't seen that one. >> Stitching. >> So fun. This one's cute. >> They have a Mickey lanyard one. Oh, I like this one. So, >> you have a Dohipin. >> A Wait a second. Best dog parent. Oh my goodness. >> A I love that. >> Okay, that's adorable. Best cat parent and best dog parent. Yeah. >> Fourth of July one. >> You try the butterbe butterbeer goldfish. I forgot that was a thing. >> We're going on a cruise in a couple days. >> Yeah. I didn't know that was a thing. Okay. Okay, I'm going to have to go look for that butterbeer goldfish. Sure. It's like a graham cracker with a little hint of butterbeer. I'm I'm guessing. Sounds good. I'm in >> Stitchy Hot. >> I hear the Easter Bunny is supposed to be near there in the gazebo area by the Christmas shop. We're hoping to see Mr. and Mrs. Easter Bunny on April 1st. Oh, nice. Yeah, I've never met the Easter Bunny here at Disney before. He was in the mall the other day when um Ivonne and I went to uh the Florida mall. It was fun to see him in there. A pen board. Oh my goodness. So cute. Think I have that one. Let's go see what they have to eat at Sleepy Hollow. >> I haven't been here in a while. They did bring back the Nutella waffle, but it's it's good. It's not quite as good as the one they had originally, but it is good. They don't have as much fruit, I feel like. They have a corn dog with chips, which is delicious. Chocolate hazelnut spread, bananas, and whipped cream. Yeah, the waffles are good. Oh, and they have the savory, the sweet and spicy maple chicken. And it is spicy. >> Oo, I like that. Okay, got to go look for those, dilly. >> Doing great. Doing great. We'll be back. Uh, the $20 that I sent you earlier does not have to get Starbucks. If you'd rather have ice cream or a treat, that's fine, too. Oh, thank you so much, Debbie. That's very kind. Yeah, I'm sure we'll get a treat or something uh later. Probably off the string. We'll see. But yeah, thank you so much. I've heard it's good. If you like spicy, I've heard you'll love it. But if you don't like spicy, then yeah, cuz Dale is my test my spice test tester. and uh he said it was crazy spicy for me. So, >> was that handicap viewing area? >> No, Kenneth, we did not have annual passes for Disneyland um or Universal. It um we weren't there that long. I I wanted one. Now I'm glad we didn't get one because we didn't we didn't even live there a year. Um it wasn't it wasn't meant to be. Hi, Bird. What you doing? Are you going to go? Just don't fly and hit me. Okay. Okay. There he went. Anyhoo, um we did go to Disneyland. Um we went once with mom and dad when they helped move us to California in October, which was a lot of fun. So, it was Halloween. I've never I'd never been there at Halloween. Still never been at Christmas. So, that's on my on my bucket list here. Disneyland at Christmas. And we did not go to Universal anytime while we were out there. Lived there. And we also lived about 3 hours away. So, I mean, not far, but it was far enough where it was hard to go for a day without having to like get a hotel or something, if that makes sense. Popcorn. I need to get a popcorn bucket and just fill up my popcorn like dad. my next spring trip. Well, I was actually there on Saturday, but we didn't film. Um, but I also have a video from there I posted about a week ago, so probably won't go for a little while since I just did a video. So, go check out the Disney Springs vlog if you missed it. One of the moppers wants to post the link. That would be awesome. Also, go check out David's Vacation Club rentals. DVCrequest.com/tv dvcrequest.com/tv. If you guys would like to book a stay at a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost, again, check them out at dvcrequest.com/tv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's. No idea how long. >> Okay, let's go to the pin shop. >> To the pin shop. Here we go. Here's our opening. >> I have this t-shirt. I almost wore it today. I've always wanted to see Disney at Christmas. It's amazing. >> These glasses are fun. >> Polarized. $31.99. Oh, these are fun. Oh, I dropped them. Oh my goodness. They're also $31.99. They're okay. Stop touching Jenna. Oh, this is mom's magic band. >> Yes, Tim. There are people. >> Shall we see what's in the case? There is one thing in the case right now. One thing. Transformer dad. That's funny. No, I do not. It's good to rest my voice sometimes. for sure. That's hilarious though, guys. Rummy. >> This is fun. Sudden move. I love this one. I love Dalmatians. Oh, look at this one, guys. What? Okay, that's cool. Can see the Baymax one a little bit better. I love both of these. So cute. Yellow. It's yellow. This one's fun. Hey, Kayla. And then you've got the Mickey lanyard one. You got Goofy holding a pen. It's got the castle. Donald is holding Epcot. And Mickey is holding a pineapple. A pineapple dough. Wait, is he a bobblehead? >> No, his head just moves. Interesting. Okay. >> Orange bird. A cute goofy movie. Let's see. Oh, they have a pirate Mickey one. That's fun. Oh, this one's adorable. Hi, Shannon. I made it. I knew I would. Tom says, "There's a small shop that had a big out hat that Josh found. How does someone find it for sale online?" Oh, I don't know. I I don't know what hat we're talking about. Um I mean your best bet would be uh Disney Store online. They don't have all the stuff that they sell in the parks on the Disney store, but I would check there first. And if not, then maybe a personal shopper. Um I don't know. I don't know what hat that was. That's a great question. We're stuck. >> All right, we better start heading that way. is going to start getting >> filled up. >> You're at You're at Magic Kingdom today. That's awesome. >> Hope you're having fun. >> Was it maybe Sandra? They don't usually have character hats there though. But maybe maybe >> ah anything pirates. I get that. Oh, here comes one of the bears. Look like he's got his Haunted Mansion bow on. >> Love that. >> I forget what his name was. >> Oh, it is big. Yeah. I don't know where Josh saw it. Was he at Magic? >> Oh, it was a cowboy hat store. Oh, it's probably right here on in Frontier Land then. The hat store on right down the street there. I meant I didn't go in it. Sorry, guys. I want to get back and make sure the spot is good. Not getting too squishy cuz sometimes it gets busy and people squish her in. Squish people in there. >> So, let's go check. I think the Oh, yeah. A jungle bear. I love jungle bears. >> Bears of the jungle. >> So, guys, don't go anywhere. Parade's coming at noon, and it won't be too long until it gets down this way. Not too too long. >> This song always reminds me of the Muppets. I already miss Muppet 3D. >> Oh, she's good. It's not too busy yet. Uh Shannon, it's not too bad yet. It is going to get up pretty high in the 80s today. Hold on. Mid80s, but the breeze is nice. Shade is perfect. Hello. How's it going? >> Good. >> Okay. Really? I mean, >> I might walk around a little more then if you're good. I just want to check and make sure. >> Okay, cool. I'll just >> stroll around the castle. >> Haven't had to, you know, >> walk off the path. Yeah, exactly. >> All right. Well, perfect. I'll be right back. Thank you. What is that? >> Actually, no. Let's go. Right around the corner. >> We're going to get a picture. >> Wow, the blue looks nice and blue, doesn't it? >> So pretty. >> Sharon's outfit's so cute, isn't it, Shannon? A transformer dad. That's so cute. I love that the water is drained for now. Can't wait till they get done with the castle and put the water back and we can get some water picks again. Man, Sleepy Hollow is not busy today. They used to have really good chocolate chip cookies there. Sad that they don't anymore. And the one that they have now is only at Starbucks. It's not my favorite chocolate chip cookie. Josh loves it. >> It's okay. >> Lraange, Ohio. There's a Lraange, Indiana. Uh Martha, I was a fan of the pink as well, but this is classic classic uh castle, which I am here for. Looks like there's a marching band going down Main Street there. Okay, we're getting close to 1,000 likes. Thanks everybody. Bop bop bop the like button. Subscribe if you're new to your appointment. Yeah, it's much more chill today than I was expecting and I am here for it. >> Backsided castle. >> Oh, wow. Can't go through the castle at the moment. They have it blocked. But it is fun when you can go in here. Love the murals. Get to go in here as often. Cinderella's Royal Table. I haven't been there in a while. We got to go for my birthday one year. It was awesome. Yeah, Chicken Dog. It has. It has been a while. Agreed. Hi, Cindy. All right, let's get a good view of the castle. There we go. Backside. Thank you, Rich. >> Thank you so much and welcome in. How are you today? All right, let's make our way back to Sharon. So, it's going to start getting peopley. You guys don't mind waiting with us, right? Bippity boppity boutique over here. Let's go and Jack Jack. >> Sorry. Oops. Somebody dropped their Mickey bar. >> Come on, Silly. There's a marching bandage right there. Daddy got the stroller. >> The new paint looks makes it look bigger. I can see that. >> Yeah, >> I can see that for sure. >> Wait, it's getting warmer. I don't know what the temp is. Let's look. 77. >> That is nice. Never noticed that the castle has fake archery slots or whatever those narrow slits holes are called that the archers used to shoot out of. Just a neat feature for a nerd like me. No, I love that too cuz regular, you know, castles had that as well, which is a super cool detail. I know when we went to um Roenberg in Germany and they had a wall, it was a walled city um that we went and so we got to walk around the top part of the wall and they had those little arrow uh slits in there as well which is really cool. And yeah, that's what they used to to defend the city. >> So yeah, super cool. Love it. All right, well it's not long until the parade. All right, I will take my spot. Thank you so much. You're >> welcome. >> And uh we don't have much longer until the parade. >> I'm surprised they haven't come over and done their little >> Me too. >> I'm assuming we just learning that. Yeah. >> Um when they come down, we'll ask >> cuz there's still >> Yes. It's not that crowded. So >> I think I mean we've always been able to see them before. So as long as we're behind the Lo. >> Yep. >> Jilly loves the pink, too. Hello, Sandy Pandy. >> We took a little walk around the castle to check it out. So pretty. >> Yeah, I love the color. >> Somebody said that they think it looks bigger now that it's blue. >> Oh, I can see that. Yeah. And gray. >> I guess it's gray. >> The blue on the turrets is so pretty. >> Really, really love it. >> Good job there, Jenna. >> Thank you. I tried I tried to pick a good blue, you know, that would stand out. Thanks. I wonder what the name of that blue is. >> Standout blue. >> Stand out blue. >> Or royal blue. >> Oh, actually that's >> I'll have to ask Dale. >> You know, he picked him out. >> Royal turret blue. >> Royal turret blue. Uh, yes, it is 11:48 right now. >> Hi, Noel. We are Eastern Standard Time. There was a Mickey bar that had fallen on the ground. I was like, "Oh, sad." >> So sad. >> That happens so easily though with those Mickey bars. >> It does. >> Super easy. >> If I get a naked bar, I have to eat it over like a table or a little paper plate or something. >> Yes. Like lots of napkins at a table or a plate. Agreed. Or a bowl. >> It's nice when they have bowls that you can >> like the Aurora cone. I usually get it and ask for a bowl. >> Yes. >> Otherwise, it's all over your hand. >> Yep. >> I love the cone, but I don't like the mess. >> Dale got it painted so quickly. I know. He He knows some people that might, you know, that help out. So, it's funny. So, the parade, this parade comes from back here and then goes forward. So, um, >> it won't be too long after 12 that it'll be making its way this way. >> I don't know why, but mac and cheese sounds so good. >> That does sound really good. >> I don't know why. Like, maybe I need you need >> calcium. I don't know. >> Yeah, >> you need some carbs and a little protein. >> Maybe. Yeah, >> you're getting ready to run a race. Actually, you are getting ready to run a race. I am. >> When is your springtime? >> All right. Is this an okay spot? >> Yes. >> Okay, perfect. Um, our race is April 18th. Okay. So, less than a month away. >> Can I ask you guys what time it is? >> Yeah, it is 11:50. >> All right. >> You guys are good. You guys expect any more family members? >> No, it's just us. >> A little bit more now. They don't want to open it again just for the >> Okay, sounds good. >> Hey, cardboard box. How are you today? Happy Monday. What is more sad, a dropped ice cream bar or a balloon that floats away? >> I probably say balloon because it's more expensive. >> But they're both sad. Mac and cheese always sounds good. Ooh, spring rolls, too, though. We should do is get I I know. We should go get a thing of mac and cheese and spring rolls and split them. >> Yeah, I I actually like that. >> Sounds good, doesn't it? cuz then we get a little protein, more protein from the egg roll. >> I'm hungry. It's fine. Um Chad, they usually say the biggest week for spring break is Easter week. Um last week was pretty busy because of Orange County, but usually one of the busiest weeks of the year is Easter. So like the week before Easter or the week after Easter? >> That's a great question. >> I'm thinking maybe before. >> That's what I'm thinking. The week before. >> So next week. Is that next week? Uh, is this coming? >> I don't know. >> Let's check. >> Uh, yes. Next week is the week before Easter. >> Okay. So, next week might be even busier. >> Yeah. You can dip the spring rolls in the mac and cheese. I mean, now you're talking. >> Now, yeah, that's a really good idea. >> Now you're talking. >> All right. I think uh the marshalss are coming through. Parade marshals. First week of March was a choa block. >> What's a choa block? I've never heard that. S Sandra says that the first week of March was a choa block. Never heard that term before. Must mean busy. Mike says, "Leaving today. Was hoping to catch up with you guys. At least we met John Stamos in Epcot yesterday. Wait, what? >> Okay. Wait, he went to Epcot before he went to SeaWorld. >> Was it yesterday that you bumped over to Epcot to get your >> uh No, it was Saturday. Okay. >> So, that's crazy. He was at Epcot, then he went to his concert at SeaWorld last night with the Beach Boy. >> SeaWorld. Of course. Of course. Yeah. >> But you know who was at Universal on Saturday? >> Jimmy Fallon. >> Oh, yeah. I saw >> in front of his ride. In front of his ride. >> I'm like, "Oh my goodness." the one time we don't go. >> Mhm. >> He's there. >> We thought that the Beach Boys were at >> SeaWorld. >> Yeah. Did you guys >> We thought about it and then we didn't we didn't end up going. But um >> Yeah. Darn it. We missed it. >> Well, >> that's okay. >> Glad you got to meet him. >> He just randomly came to >> Disney cuz he loves Disney. >> He does unless he's doing, you know, something. >> He could, but he also just is a big fan. So, I get it. Hi Lee. Happy Monday. Oh, it's British slang for crowded. Cho block. >> Oh, we know more British slang now. >> Never heard that. I >> That could come in handy on a trivia competition. >> Yes. >> Chocolate block. >> Chocolate block. >> I like it. It's fun. It's fun to say. >> It sounds like it could be a cereal. >> It does. >> Chocolate block. >> Chocolate block. Eat it with milk. >> It's funny. >> Or or a candy bar. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. >> Chocolate. All right, I hear it. >> Ooh, plant-based cheese. That sounds good. >> Welcome one and all to the Magic Kingdom. In just a few minutes, we will proudly present an enchanting celebration in the streets. our Disney Festival of Fantasy Parade. And now, please welcome our honorary grand marshals celebrating Blake's birthday, the Reed family from Baltimore, Maryland. Heat. Heat. A so cute. Hello. Adorable. So cute. A That's awesome. You got to be grand marshals. I would love to do that one day. Oh, you're welcome. I'm excited they have it at noon so I can bring the parade to you guys. Heat. Heat. All right. So, the parade starts in 4 minutes. >> No, no. Hi. Hi. How are you? >> Good. How are you? >> I'm good, thank you. >> All the time. A >> We have something for you from our little hometown. magnet for big ballooning community. So that's >> so cool. >> And we wanted you to be the first to have one of our pins for our pilots. So we just >> do you want to say hi on the stream or no? >> Oh, sure. >> Okay. What were your names? >> I'm Jennifer. >> We're from Sussex, New Brunswick. >> That's awesome. Oh, that's so sweet. Look at this, guys. How cool is that? >> That's our hot air balloon. >> That's amazing. Thank you so much. >> So, if you ever want to go for a flight, come visit us. >> I would love that. Oh my goodness. That's so cool. If we ever get there, we will let you know. >> That's good. Everybody's welcome. >> Awesome. Very cool. Nice to meet you, too. Thanks for watching. Enjoy your day. >> A that's very cute. >> Thank you. Yeah. >> Okay. Pretty. Oh, here. Let's show that item. >> The magnet is so pretty. A >> That's so sweet. Made in New Brunswick. So, a little pin. Dead pen. That is so cool. I know. >> Oh, so they do balloon. They do hot air balloons. Isn't that fun? >> Oh my goodness. >> That's cool. >> All right. Tuck them in there for me. Thank you. >> So much. >> Perfect. >> Love hot air balloons. Yeah. I've never been on a hot air balloon before. >> Me neither. >> That would be fun. We might need a trip. >> Fun. >> A little scary. >> A little Yes. 100% agree. >> Fun, but a little scary. I see them. Sometimes you'll see them in like the Davenport area. They just have like hot >> and you I haven't seen them in a while, but like >> they're just so crazy. >> Yeah. So cool. >> All right. Today is your wedding. Well, happy wedding day. That's amazing. >> Congratulations. How cool. >> Hello, Karen. >> Linda, guys, we have 20 bops away from a thousand. I bet we can get that before the parade starts. Bop bop away. Subscribe if you're new. Um, let's talk about another sponsor. We have David's Vacation Club rentals. Uh, dbcrequest.com/tv. If you guys are wanting to book a stay at a Disney Villa for a fraction of the cost. Again, go check them out at dvcrequest.com/tv. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's. I've I've been seeing some people's pictures of the um >> uh tea experience. >> It looks delicious. >> Oh, so some people got you like a preview. >> Well, no, I think it's open now, isn't it? >> Oh, it is. Oh, I haven't even paid attention. >> I think so. >> I've been checking for reservations today. >> I haven't seen. Yeah, same. >> I need to >> I assume maybe they are preview day like when you can first, you know. >> Yeah. >> So, we got to keep looking. Uh, have you been on the hot air balloon at Disney Springs? I have. Have you been on that one? >> No. >> It's fun on a not windy day. >> I'm kind of terrified, too. But on a non windy day, it was fun. >> Okay, cool. >> Windy day. Uh Josh went and I went. I was like, "Nope, I'm staying right here." >> You probably have an amazing view. >> You do. Especially when you have sky like that. It's amazing. >> We actually have a video from up there. Um, if one of the moppers wants to find it and post it. If not, no worries. Probably just search hot air balloon Disney Springs Resort TV one. >> Dale surprised me. >> And we went. It was like a date day. Yeah, it was fun. >> Yeah. >> Hi, Teresa. >> Yeah, I think this roller coaster. For some reason, the hot air balloon just kind of frighten. >> Well, that one, you know, has a it's attached. It just >> But >> yeah, you don't have like the harness down over. >> It's true. It's true. They do have >> It's true. That one is attached. >> They do have handrails. >> Yeah, >> they have handrails. >> Tim says it's snowing. >> What? >> Tim. >> Oh, it's snowing. >> Yeah, that's official. You need to leave there. Sorry, Tim. >> Just installed a new balloon there at Disney Springs location. Um, no, that one's been there for a while. They they made a new one in Disneyland Paris, I believe. But no, the one here in Springs has been here for a while, >> as far as I know. >> Maybe we should go check that one out. >> Um, yeah, sign. Agreed. They also have a new Frozen. >> I know. That looks so amazing. >> Uh, yeah, it does. I want to go see Olaf and buy all the merch. >> Go on the cool rides. >> Mhm. >> It's a must. It is a M. Did you see they have a tangled um kind of looks like the teacups, but it's a tangled >> on the ball. >> So cute. I love it. >> Hello. The temperature. Um I looked a little bit ago. It was 77. >> Yep. I watched the 78. So yeah, >> 78. 78. And perfect. There's a nice breeze. >> It's perfect. >> Wish you guys were here. Yeah, it's gorgeous. >> It's not snowing. Yeah, exactly. Shannon says, "We got a dusting this morning, and if it was any more than that, I would have crashed out." A I get it. I remember those days. I'm so sorry. >> No bueno. It's like, no, I'm done with the cold and the snow, but it's I mean, the 20th was the first day of spring. >> Exactly. >> So, that means no more snow. >> It's time to do spring. >> Yeah. Time for the spring. So, the parade has started down in Frontier Land, so it'll be making its way soon. Michigan is lovely in the summer when you're sweating in Florida. No, that's true. It is nice in the summer. I have lived up near there, so I get it. Um, you could do could be like snowbirds, you know, if you can. That would be the ideal thing. We thought about doing that. >> The snowbird >> the snowbird thing, but then >> we knew that we would just be here all the time. >> Y like why bother keeping up a house somewhere else? >> I was going to say it's kind of hard to have two houses. >> Mom and dad tried for a while and it was too hard and they finally sold the one that >> Exactly. Seemed like a lot of work. >> It was a lot of work. >> Yeah. >> Yep. David's here. Uh he said it's the winter that never ends. It's back in the 40s again today. >> Oh wow. Sorry, David. I mean, the solution is find a house. Resorttv1homes.com >> right here in Central Florida, but no, I get it. You got to wait. Visa is still in school. I get it. Tim's got to find a job. I know it's it's hard. I get it. Oh, >> that little thing. >> The little thing that you got to Yeah. have money to buy things and live. And let's see, our last SP No, we have two more sponsors. We have dreamtable.co. dreamtable.co. If you guys are wanting to get a really hard to get reservation here at Walt Disney World, dreamtable.co will help you get that reservation. Um, all you have to do is put in your name, uh, the place you're looking to get, and, um, the date and the time. First, you got to download the app and or get it at dreamtable.co. And then um whenever the re reservation becomes available uh you'll get notified. So Dream Table will not make the reservation for you. They'll just notify you and then you go into the Disney app and make the reservation yourself. Dreamtable.co. Guys, go check it out. All right. Heat. Here ye, here ye royal guests from near and far. Welcome to the Magic Kingdom. You are warmly invited to join Mickey Mouse and his Fantasy Land friends for a magical celebration in the streets. Dreams will come true, hearts will soar, and you will become a part of the magic. For the time has come to take your kisses and prepare to welcome the wondous and wonderful Disney festival of fantasy parade. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I hear. >> Yes, Tim. We do need that. All right, guys. Parade is around the corner. I can see it. It's coming. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. We have 1 626 watching. Thanks, guys. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. What the Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. I got a dream breaking fever. You can catch me with the like everybody else. I've got a dream. Can't you see me with that special little lady growing in the room down the street? No, I won't disgust you cuz Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. There's no celebration. Data. Hi. Hi. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Wow. Wow. Wow. Look at this. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. right here. Philadelphia. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Donald. Donald. >> Donald Duck. Donald Duck. >> Oh, it's cute. That was so cute. M O. >> Oh my goodness, that was so fun. I love the character interaction right here. And Maleficent. Oh, I know. Perfect. I also did this little a little detail that I never seen when you're really close to the to the inside. The kids that are looking on Bye guys. Bye. That's cool. All right, we're going to let let this clear out a little bit. >> That was so fun. I love this parade. And it's not copyrighted. better. Oh, wow. Great for a while. >> Me neither. So fun. >> Wasn't that cute? Donald. Donald. Me too. just makes you want to dance. >> A thanks, Joy. I'm glad you enjoyed it. >> I love how the characters come right over. >> Love it. And there's nobody like really helps. It's a great spot. >> It is a great spot. Thanks to Kelly from Myers and the Mouse for finding this spot. Okay. He pointed out this was good spot. >> Yeah. Yeah. Good job, Kelly. Good job, Kelly. Oh, here's the end. That was a long note. Woohoo. All right. Oh, you're so welcome, guys. Well, let's head this way. And uh we got another sponsor to talk about as we uh slowly walk this way because you can tell they got to wait on the parade. So >> yeah, I guess we could go right when we can across that bridge. Yeah. So um definitely check out Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified. These are two books on Amazon. If you're wanting to know um how your favorite rides are created, go check out Behind the Ride. And Disney Demystified shares all the Disney knowledge that you might not know about Disney. Impress your friends um with all that Disney knowledge. Disney Demystified. Bye, David Mumpower. Let's just chill for a second. That looks good. >> I agree. >> Yeah. Um, you can get the ebook, the hard coverver copy book, or the um audio book for Disney Demystified again on Amazon, guys. Check it out. David says, "Hi, Sharon." And Andy was here earlier. Andy, >> he came in right as a parade was coming. Don't know if you're still here, Andy, but thanks for coming in. popping into the chat. >> All right. >> Isn't it gorgeous? Oh my goodness, it's so pretty. >> Well, trying to think. >> Mhm. I think we are going to go ahead and probably wrap up for the day. I am getting hungry. I've been talking about food all day, so I'm sure you're getting hungry. >> Thirsty. >> Thirsty. I'm glad we were able to bring you the parade. That's one nice thing about spring break. >> So, super fun. Definitely uh bop that like button. We uh did get 1,000 likes. So, thanks guys for that. Hit that subscribe button if you're new. And Josh should be live tomorrow for Tranquil Tuesday. So, t stay stay tuned stay tuned for that. Stay tuned for Tranquil Tuesday. >> That's how you know I need food. Stay tuned. Oh, you know what else was funny here? Let's go. Let's go over here by the fence. Um, when uh Peter Pan went by and Mar goes, "There's Peter Pinocchio or Pinocchio Pan. I forget what he said." >> That's my That's my total screw up characters. That's like Roy and and Walt. Yeah. But instead, I mix up Pinocchio and Peter. >> It's fine. We all do it at some point. So stay tuned guys for Tranquil Tuesday. Oh my goodness, tongue. I'm getting tongue tied. >> But uh thank you guys again for joining. It has been a fun day. And uh Josh will see you tomorrow. I will be live Wednesday, probably morning or soon after lunch. Again, stay tuned. Hit that notification bell so you know when we do go live or post a new video. And I'm not making fun of anybody. I'm making fun of myself. I accidentally said that. So, just if you're tuning in now, just so you're aware, >> making fun of anyone. Yes, >> it's me. I'm making fun of myself. >> We do a good job of making fun of ourselves cuz there's a lot to make fun of. >> It's true. >> Getting characters confused. >> You may get you get tuned. >> Yes, you get tongue tied. It's fine. It's all good. But thanks, guys. >> And again, I'll see you Wednesday. Josh will see you Tuesday. And go check out the cruise vlogs over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Hopefully, we'll get a new one out this week. Probably tomorrow if not Wednesday is my plan. All right, let's selfie by the castle. >> Thanks guys again for joining. Thanks to Sharon for hanging out. >> Yes, >> Peter Pinocchio, Stitch. >> And >> don't go back and look for that. Just move. We'll move on. >> No, it was really cute actually. The whole interaction. It was great. It was great. But um we'll see you guys later. And uh oh, you know what I didn't do? Hang on. Let's let's unself. >> Uh-huh. >> You know, exactly. >> My uh platinum members. Yes. We got to we got to thank them. Every stream we like to thank you guys. We have platinum members of the channel. Let me find those and then we'll selfie again. Where you guys at? Uh, members found them. There we go. All right. So we have Grey Rose Adventures, Total Care Tom, Amy Moore, Big Guy 1, Tiffany Mertz, Lovego Mini, Diane 515, Jack Sparrow, Sorcerer Mickey, My Grown-Up Life, Chuck Polly, the amazing Jayla Moxley, Ski, Skiander, Dani, Will Miller, Christopher Black, James Han, Ali Verismo, and Alan J. Thank you so much to all of our amazing platinum members of the channel, all of the members of the channel, as well as our Patreon members, our moppers for keeping the chat nice and clean, and um our hoppers and shoppers. Of course, we can't forget about you guys. David said aluminum members. That's a new one, David. Aluminum. All right, guys. We will selfie again. Thank you again and uh we'll see you soon. So for now, have a great day, beautiful tomorrow. Bye bye. Yeah. looking
