---
video_id: Fu7DLED47MY
channel: ResortTV1
title: "🔴Live: Magical Monday at Universal Studios - Butterbeer Season - Universal Live Stream - 3-2-26"
published: 2026-03-01
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fu7DLED47MY
---
Well, hey everybody. It's Jenna with Resort TV1 and we're live here at Universal Studios and Islands of Adventure for some um butterbeer. It's butterbeer season here at Universal Studios. So, we're going to be checking out all of the butterbeer treats, food, there's merch, all the things, and our adventure begins here. So, you guys ready for some fun? Before we get too far into the video, I want to make sure everybody's subscribed. Make sure you hit that notification bell so you know every time we go live or post a new video. Also, make sure you're following us on all of the social media. We're Resort TV1 on all the things. And before I forget, I did post a new cruise vlog yesterday, day two, um, over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. If you're not subscribed over there, go subscribe to Adventures of Jenna and Dale and go check out our cruise vlogs. Good morning, Jay. Hey, Benjamin. Hey, Zelina. Jim, Paul, Emara, Catalina, hello. Hello, Candy. How are you today? Uh, Rasca, hello. Welcome in, guys. So, I have some uh butterbeer buddies. I love that. Sharon and Jesse are here for all the yummies cuz you know >> Yeah, >> butterbeer buddies. >> I like that. >> We need shirts. >> Okay, >> butterbeer buddies. Okay, so uh get ready for all the treats. We're going to be on a sugar high after this, so uh it might get silly. Hi, Mommy Diva. Hi, Justin. Hey, Figment Vision. Welcome in. Ann is here. Hello, Ann. Hi, Melissa. Hi, uh, Quidd. Theater time with Kira Fay. Damn. William or Will, sorry, Will. Angela is here. This park is so beautiful. I love it. I always say it's like Adventure Land and Animal Kingdom crossed together, and I just love it. Hi, Darl. You're doing okay. Awesome. I'm so glad. >> Hi, Fabric. Bonjour. Bop the like. Subscribe if you are new to the channel. We're going to head back straight to Harry Potter Land. Hugs me cuz butterbeer's calling. Uh, Sapphire Sooner at $10. Get a butterbeer. Thank you so much, Sapphire Sooner. We shall. Thank you very much for the $10 super chat. Hello, Pat and Jeff. Oh, and a little um, you know, tip. If you guys are coming to Islands of Adventure or Universal, the Starbucks in Islands of Adventure is under refurb right now. So, you'll have to either get it out in CityWalk or over on the Universal side. Good morning. Tim is here. So, here it is. They are refurbing it. This is where it normally is. Hi, Nancy. Top of the morning to you. How's it going? Yeah. >> I'm curious to see what the um is it called Lost Continent or whatever the if it's like all walled up. We're going to see. Man, they're doing a lot of reurb. Confiscoco. Is that how you say that? I've never eaten there before. >> Smells good. >> I've heard. >> Yeah, me too. All right. This is the quickest way back to Harry Potter land. Man, they're even working on this section. I'm hoping they have Starbucks done by um uh spring break. >> Oh, yeah. >> Before spring break, cuz people need their Starbucks. Hi, Jane Dean. How are you? Hey, Age of Retro. Diana is here. Welcome in, guys. I bet everybody um zoomed back to Hagrids and Veloca Coaster. I bet that's the two that people ran back to. >> Let's just take a walk through Susand. I was going to take the shortcut. You can go this way, but let's take a little walk through. Why not? We're not rushing to a ride, so we got some time. Hey, Mr. Cruise Fever Universal Wallios. That's cute. I like it. >> Hi, Andrew. Good morning. out with the water. >> And uh hopefully the weather is nice where you guys are at. It is perfect here today. It's like a high of 68 right now or something, but the sun is nice and warm. Hi. Uh there's another Sharon. Hi Sharon. Uh in the chat says that this is exactly what I needed this morning. >> Me too. >> Yeah. >> I like this ride. It's silly, but it's cute. It has a lot of charm. >> Yes, it does. And I love that they like put you on a couch. That's your ride vehicle. >> And Circus Mcgherkus has some yummy, yummy treats and food. You know what? I did forget my wand. >> Me, too. >> Darn it. Oh well. >> I'd say I'd buy another, but I kind of want to wait for Epic. They have some really good wands there. We didn't get to catch up with you on our trip to Disney. We ended up getting stuck because of the blizzard back home. Oh no. 41 in. Oh my goodness gracious. Oh, you got stuck at Disney. Okay, that's not a bad problem. Sorry we missed you though. Hi Lisa. Good morning. How are you today? Such a cute little land. They usually bring characters out and about. They even do like a story time over here every once in a while. Oh, there the stories you'll hear. 11 o'clock is the first one. So, who in the chat has had butterbeer before? Let us know. >> Jesse has. Sarah has. Me, too. How you know it, Jay? You were in Disney for two weeks. That's amazing. Hey Hersel and Margie. Hey Marshall. >> They have some new cool wands at Universal. What? Tim Tim says he almost got one. Well, we'll check them out. >> Sounds good. I didn't know they had new ones. >> Are they the epic ones, Tim? Oh, that's a fun little spirit jersey. Cat in the hat. Yeah, they do. >> Andrew has had butterbeer before. I've had at Harry Potter in New York. Oh, I wonder if it tastes the same. I want to go to that store. It looks so cute. I think Did they open one in Chicago, too? That would be close. Well, is that closer? I think that's closer. >> Yeah, I think so, too. Hi, Jim. >> Jim's had it. When I was there, they didn't have the dairyfree version. Oh, sorry, Monoa J. It's delicious. And I feel like the cream on top is even better. >> Yeah, I prefer it. >> Right. Me, too. >> It's thicker. >> I've never had Butter Bear. Wish I could. Oh, well, maybe next time you come. They have it out in CityWalk now, so you don't even need a park ticket. You do have to pay to park, of course. But I'm curious if Epic has the Toothless Lounge. Maybe you meant Loungefly. That is a good question. Haven't been to Epic in a while. They have butterbeer, Hershey kisses at Target. Oo. Have you tried those? >> Yeah, we got some. >> Yum. >> They also have coffee. >> Coffee. Yum. >> Tim says that we need butterbeer peeps. >> Yeah. Tim sent me a little video about butterbeer peeps. >> Chicago has one. Okay, cool. Well, hello. There is not much that's going on. About the same. >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> This is closed now. I think >> I think they closed this. Oh, no. Just kidding. They're open at 11:00 to 7:00. Okay. Well, it's closing soon is what I've heard. >> That's what we were wondering. Okay. Since they're going to be refurbing, they're totally changing this area. >> Yeah. They changed that restaurant. >> I know. And it's such a cool restaurant. It >> really is. >> Hey, we can get some pearls over here. >> No worries, Sharon. Yeah, I don't know if they have those lounge flies still or not. Um, last time we were there, they did not cuz uh Sharon and I got them the time before that. The ones with the the ears, the lounge fly bags. I went to see Harry Potter and the Cursed Child last month. Got a bottle of butterbeer, but then I forgot it at my brother's house. Oh no, Manoa Jay. That's no bueno. Good morning, Disney dad. Shout the stream, guys. Let everybody know we're live. We're going to be trying some butterbeer treats. First one that we're going to try or first two are in the Three Broomsticks, which is the restaurant up here. And um they got a bunch of toothless stuff in here. And uh we're going to get the butterbeer waffle and butterbeer creme brulee. So we're going to go check those out now. >> Hi, Brownie Brown. Hey, Jedi Master. Oh, Tim thinks the restaurant's staying. Okay. >> I also want to come back here. Me, too. Okay, we'll come back. >> Yes. Yes. Oh, wait. I knew they'd have that Martyr shirt in there. >> Oh, the one that you got or the Yes. Cute. Maybe they have the other one. >> The gray one, but they might have the purple now. >> They might. >> Flop the leg. That's right. So, this side, the other side doesn't open till 10:00, so people are already waiting to go over there. >> Interesting. Hi, Tea Town. Mary Ellen. Sandra. Hello. Oh, I'm so glad you're excited for the stream, Mary. It is a butterbeer palooa. Last year for butterbeer season, they got like one or two new things. This year >> so many things. Should we go see what's in the candy store and then we could take it with us. >> Okay, let's go see. Apparently, I need a I need a wand to unlock it. >> That's so funny. Hello, Hamura. >> Oh my goodness. >> Okay, so where do we get in this store? >> That is so funny. >> Oh, good. They're like, "No treats for you." Thank you. The >> door's open. I'm holding it. >> Yes. Thank you. Yep, we're in trouble. >> All right, >> so some of the butterbeer treats are over here. I already see them. Oh my goodness. >> Okay, so That's the butterbeer cupcake. >> I don't see the I don't see the shortbread. >> We do have the cupcake. >> Pumpkin cake. That could be good. >> That is good. I've had it. >> Okay. Well, >> I bet it's supposed to go right there. >> The Yep. I bet you're right. >> Should we come back or should we get the cupcake? >> What are we eating the shortbread? >> The shortbread. Let's go get the stuff in there and then we'll come back. >> Maybe they're baking a mush. >> Yeah. Or they're on the other side. Either way. >> Shortbread. A pyramid. >> Yeah. There you go. >> All right. We're going to head into the uh >> three sets. Are you finishing? >> I'm thinking we should eat outside if we can. >> Yeah. >> So, let's head inside. >> Yeah. >> Hey, Mrs. Pumpkin Cat. How are you? Hey, Jarvis. >> Oh, can we sit outside? >> Yes. >> Okay. >> Everything is by mobile app. >> Mobile app outside. Okay. We're going to the window to the right. >> Okay. It is a beautiful day out today. Okay, see it's busier than I was expecting. >> Oh, here we go. Do you guys mind sitting in the sun? >> Okay. At least here we got a little bit better view. This is bad. >> A little bit left. Perfect. Thank you. Oh, that's okay. I'll get it. I got it. >> Okay. Thank you. >> There goes Veloca Coaster. All right. So, I will order the waffle. We can all share it. >> Yeah, >> cuz I cannot eat that whole thing. >> We can order the um or the coverage. >> Sure. I can >> or you can do it on my phone. Hi, John. >> Hello from Terote. Oh my goodness. That's where I went to college. Hello. >> Tero, Indiana. All right. So, we're going to go to the app and mobile order. Three broomsticks. >> Holy. $20 for a waffle. >> What? >> I know. However, it does. >> Well, yeah, it does come with a Oh, look. They added the beverage on. It does come with a beverage. >> They don't have the creme on. >> Oh, they don't. >> You think it's on the other >> What else is on there? >> Like, is there any other um >> Nothing else new Sorry. >> Yeah, it is. >> The this coaster. This is the Veloca coaster. >> Jesse and Sharon have been on it and they love it. >> Yeah. >> Jesse said she might split off and go ride it. >> Totally should. >> You could You should go get on it now, Jess. >> Yeah. And then we'll just watch you go back right here. >> Okay. >> So, you're you're ordering the butterbeer walk and just look that up. >> Oh, it already pulled up my password. How about that? >> Yeah, mine did too. Mine is >> Yeah, mine has been filling up my annual pass discount lately and I don't have to enter I love this place for >> I ordered um I got a drink. I ordered a non-dairy butterbeer. >> Okay, thanks. >> A frozen one. Yeah, I do like the frozen one. Sometimes those hurt my tummy. So, do you want beer? >> All right, I've submitted. All right. Do you want to copy? What you should do is get a latte and a regular butterbeer and then put some in there. >> We'll make our own butterbeer latte. >> A thank you. A dream come true. I'm excited. You're excited. So many things to drink. Some of the new things that they have for the butterbeer season are the butterbeer waffle, the creme brulee, which apparently is not here. I wonder if it's on the other side. >> I know. And what are you doing? >> Um they have a butterbeer um shortbread cookie >> cookie sandwich. The creme brulee is an epic. Okay, >> guys. We're going epic. >> Darn it. >> Um yeah, the creme brulee. Okay, so the creme brulee is an epic. I think the macarons are an epic. I guess that >> Yeah, >> crepe. I guess they've had that maybe since >> Oh, the crepe. >> I can't remember. Yeah, >> I still haven't. >> Okay. So, what's all here? >> So, >> in this one. >> In this one. Waffles. Candy more. I saw these caramel waffle cup waffles and cupcake cookie sandwich. >> I definitely want to try the sweater bar and the cupcake or the cookies or all three. I don't know. side of bacon. Thanks. I need some protein. We might get >> You ordered a what? A side of bacon. >> I love that. >> And coffee. Well, we might need the bacon to go with the waffle. It's really sweet. >> And I got a butterbeer. So, love that. >> The Jelly Belly butterbeer jelly bellies are They do taste like butterbeer. They're really sweet. Hi, Jen. How are you? >> Hello, Tiger Tail John. >> Oh, wait. He's here. My wife and I are so excited to be here. We are going to get home. Oh, that's so cool. >> Welcome to Florida, John. >> Yes. Welcome. >> Man Jay wants to try out Veloci. >> I'm worried. >> Man, come on out and we'll go on it with you. And I never will again. >> I think that that's more intense. I think it's probably more intense. >> Just from what I thought it was. >> Yeah, it I believe it goes faster. I could be wrong. >> Okay. >> And I think it has more of that zero g like >> Stardust. I literally thought I was going to fall out the entire time I was running. >> I'm like, why did Dale take me on this? Why? >> Yeah, you could do anything now. Dale Dale, >> right? >> Dale shouldn't have taken her. >> Oh, that's awesome. Karen, butterbeer chocolate bar. They have them here. They're really good. The butterbeer chocolate bars. They're white chocolate. >> Oh, I like white chocolate. >> Sandra says, "Maybe we'll visit Universal this week and try one." Oh, you come tomorrow. You have annual passes and love this place. Nice. >> Tim says, "You'll never know until you ride it." >> Exactly. >> Maybe I'll be brave later. We'll see. >> Yeah, you can do it. >> After four, I get express. >> Uh-huh. >> Oh, yeah. >> Wait, are you talking about Blossom Coaster? >> Do they have Do they take >> They do. >> And so does Tiger Tail. >> I know. It's awesome. >> Oh, I love that. Maybe we should say just cuz you had to. >> I know. >> I would. Do you know what's really interesting about we used our express yesterday? Um >> Oh, yeah. >> Yeah. Um at ET and they didn't scan our they didn't scan our room key. They did a facial recognition. >> Oh, that's new. >> So, they must know that you're linked like you have or they've already taken your picture for your ticket. It's linked to your room. >> Was that everywhere or just there? >> Well, it's there because we also did >> Well, we did the villain and they didn't do it there. >> No, they scanned it. >> Okay. I wonder if they're testing it. >> That's smart though cuz then you don't have to wait for people to pull your ticket out. >> Smart to do it on a ride like ET that may not have as much express traffic. >> That's a good point. >> That is a good point. >> I said, "Hey, Noel, how are you?" >> Sometimes maybe you don't want to go on a ride and let's say Dale was here with us and let's say he wanted to do with Jesse in the In the past, I could just give them my room key and they scan both of them. But if you're going to do a facial recognition now, you can't you can't >> loan out your Right. >> Which is kind of I mean doesn't matter who uses, >> right? Exactly. >> Exactly. Same thing. Yeah, >> that's a good point. But it is nice. >> It is Sharon. It's Sharon and Jesse. John wanted to know. Hi. >> Good morning. >> Good morning from uh Hogsme. We're going to get our butterbeer breakfast and then we're going to get more butterbeer. >> We're going to get our butterbeer breakfast and our butterbeer brunch. Our butterbeer lunch >> and dessert >> which is lunch. >> Everything is dessert. Dessert. Thank you. >> I'm glad you got bacon. It's probably just got that better for us. >> Bacon. >> Bacon with waffles. >> Yeah. >> Sorry guys. I didn't know I didn't know how many people got breakfast at the park. >> I didn't think it would be crowded in here. >> I thought it would be empty. >> I was surprised how many people are here. Tim says at Epic they have group facial recognition for Express. It can scan multiple people at once. What? That's brilliant. >> That's crazy. >> Crazy computers. >> Wow. >> Jyn said I'd I'd literally just go to Universal for butterbeer. Same. >> Insane. Group facial recognition. >> I know. Isn't that crazy? >> Let's try that. Come back, Jim. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> So, whenever we um got off the cruise, if you you know, you have um a uh what's it called? Passport. Um you go to this one line and you literally just stand there and scan and go. You don't have to show them your >> passport. If you've done the facial thing, >> most people have passport. So, it was so easy. They were just like, "Stand here. Okay, you're good." >> Wow. >> Yeah. It was quick. Would you say there are slow nonthrill rides at Universal? >> Yes. Not as many as Disney, but yes. Okay. I'm trying to think here. They've got this trolley. >> Cat in the Hat Dark ride. Dark ride. >> And which one? >> The dark ride. The Cat in the Hat. >> Cat in the Hat. Dark ride. >> And the other Cat in the Hat ride. The one that's the It's kind of like Dumbo, but it's >> Oh, the cat um the threeish. >> Yeah. One fish. Wow, they are they are more there. >> Um, >> and they're cute. >> They're very over. Yeah. >> Yeah. So, I would say Kong. >> Spider-Man's not really. >> Yeah. >> No. >> Does Spider-Man. >> I mean, Spider-Man is really good unless unless her virtual screens bother you. >> True. >> Okay. And then you said Minions >> over at Universal. The two Minions rides. >> Yep. ET. ET. >> ET definitely the best. >> Roller coaster. Unless we're talking just dark rides. >> Yeah, >> roller coaster is like pretty. >> It's pretty easy. Yep. >> So, they've got some they do have a lot of coasters, but that's what people like. >> Transformers. >> Oh, Transformers. Yeah. Which is very similar to Spider-Man. Yeah. >> Screens. Yep. They do have the screens. So, those if you don't like those, you won't like that ride. Yeah, Jen, it is the atmosphere here just to like walk around. >> Yeah, it's like a kind of souped up light. >> Yeah, it is. It spins a little, but it doesn't bother me. >> Yeah. Yeah, >> cuz many things will get used, but >> this one doesn't. >> There's no screens. >> Yeah, >> I think that the Jurassic Park ride is actually fine. It has one drop. But >> it is a wet ride. We don't like to get wet. >> Just a little drop. That's what we call it. Just a little. >> Just a tiny little It's fine. It's like riding Splash Mountain except there's only one drop instead of Splash Mountain. >> Yeah, that's a good point to be honest. >> Yeah, I agree. We were talking to Jesse about it and she doesn't know. She thinks the one here is bigger than >> it is techly. But the drop might be a little bigger, but you're also bigger. That's what I call. >> So it feels >> it doesn't feel. >> So maybe we can get her on it. We'll see. Oh yeah. Jimmy Fallon. >> Oh yeah. >> It's kind of like Minions a little bit. >> So yeah. >> Wow. That breeze is amazing. >> There are a lot of like the virtual rides like the Simpsons and that one. >> So it just depends on how you do with the screens. There's several screens me more like >> some of the screens bother me more than going on roller coaster. >> Okay. Yeah, it >> feels the same. >> Yeah, >> same. >> See, I it depends. >> Usually screens don't bother me. >> Okay. But roller coasters have like Everest gets me. >> Yeah, actually Everest gets me, >> but that's kind of the only roller coaster that gets me. And I think it's just cuz of that one really long corner. It's just like never ending. That's what gets me. >> You want going forward or backwards? >> Forward. >> Forward. Yep. >> It's really fast in a circle and then it just stops. >> That's what gets me. >> The backwards. >> Not backwards. More intense than most. >> Like the mummy >> is like very short. >> Yeah. The only thing I don't like about the mummy is it's a little rough >> areas. I'm not horrible. Like it's the you know when it goes back and then it stops. Yeah, we did the mummy last night after our float. >> Oh, fun. >> Yeah, it was fun. >> It is a fun ride. >> Hey, Stacey. How are you this morning? Welcome in. >> While we're waiting, I can show you guys my outfit. Sorry, I literally did not think it would take this long. Oops, I hit the wrong button. That's still the wrong button. Hello everybody. So, I have my uh new flare headband on and my Harry Potter Gryffindor shirt. I am ready for better be your season. Just says being prepared. Not a coaster person. And there's still plenty to do at Universal. No, I 100% agree. All right, let me turn you guys back over to the poster. >> Hi, Diana. >> The butterbeard. >> What did you say? >> They have to go harvest the butterbeard. And I said butterbeard. >> Even better. >> Buttons are hard. I agree. Hi, John. >> Buttons, words, all kinds of things. >> All the things. Uh, I purchased at Walmart coffee mate creamer. Yeah, Jesse is saying that I add to my folders coffee. >> It has pumpkin flavor. Ooh, >> okay. You're on to something. They need to come out with a seasonal pumpkin flavor. >> Oh, yeah. I'm surprised they have it already. >> Wouldn't that be good? >> Pumpkin is so popular. >> Like mainly pumpkin flavor with >> Yeah. flavor. Yum. >> That would be amazing. How was the race Friday? I watched you and Josh do the Epcot resorts but missed uh if you talked about it. Yeah, I talked about it a little bit. Um it was fun. We had a good time. >> Lots of fun. >> Uh it didn't rain. >> Weather was great. >> The weather was perfect. Last year we froze our butts off. It was perfect. >> So nice. >> We had a good time. >> And uh we were in Coral A, which was even better. >> Yeah, cuz cuz we're so fast that they put us in Corral A this time. >> Exactly. >> We really don't know how. But we did. We got it. It's fine. >> Yeah, we did fine. >> We did. >> We did our run. >> A Oh, yeah. Mantra Monday. Butterbeer makes everything better. >> Oh, I love it. >> I love that, Amara. Good job. I got the butterbeer creamer, too. It helps fill the void, but nothing compares to universal butterbeer. I agree. So, this one has a giant drop right at the beginning and then the rest is more twirl and upside down. >> Yeah. Loopy. Okay. >> Mhm. >> Even the giant drop doesn't feel as giant cuz there's still a little bit of a turn halfway through. >> They turn you. So, you don't really get that like dropped stomach feeling. >> It's a cool view. It's just like >> And that's it. You just look at the beautiful park. >> It's okay. >> It's okay. Did you >> ever feel like you were going to fall out? >> Never. No. >> No. No. Unlike Stardust. Unlike Stardust. >> Oh, hello. >> Yes. >> Do you need any creamer and sugar for the coffee? >> I need just creamer. >> Just creamer with you. >> Three creamers. >> Sure. >> Bacon. >> Bacon on a plate. >> All right. So, here I ordered two of these if I didn't know how small it was. You >> sure? It's bacon. >> Bacon and coffee. Apparently, you still have time cuz mine's not here. >> Tim says two weeks until we have to register for the um marathon weekend. >> All good. All good. We're fine. >> Okay. >> I believe you. >> Oh, you like Lefu's brew better. >> Thank you so much. I think you are the first person I've ever heard to say that. Do you guys like >> what is it? >> I've never had it at Cavern. >> I don't think I've ever had it. To be honest, >> it's not my favorite stuff at that place. >> It's worth a try. >> I do like the cinnamon roller. >> Yeah, I was going to say I know I've had that. >> If you like um apple cider. >> Oh, it's heavy on apple cider. >> Okay. I do like apple cider. >> Pork is fine. Pork is fine though. But it's not my favorite. But I know people like it. >> Butterbeer and bacon make everything better. >> Just Thank you for validating my bacon order. >> It's It It's American bacon. It's It's not Canadian bacon. >> That's right. >> It's okay. >> Or they just call it bacon. >> Bacon. >> Bacon. Or American bacon. >> Exactly. >> Manoa J says, "An enjoyable ride through the park with a few steep drops. I know Jay also likes the food brew. Okay, >> I definitely prefer butterbeer, but again, it's worth trying. >> It was too It got too much for me. >> Let me take a few sips and then I was like, "Okay, >> the topping's good." The topping is like a marshmallow flavor. >> Apple cider is Thank you. >> Yes. seriously different. >> Oh, I will totally feel like we need protein. >> I intended to get it. >> Oh, Sandra says aka streaky bacon in England. That's what this bacon is called. >> Streaky. >> Never heard that before. Hi, Ryan. >> My wife loves this huge cinnamon rolls at Gastons. Yeah, they're good. They are very good. >> Why does it taste so nice for a waffle? >> Everybody must be ordering these. >> You're probably right. Sorry everybody. >> Nothing like screams of joy with your morning butterbeer. It's a good way to start the morning. So, I've heard that this waffle tastes similar to a Nikki waffle. Okay. >> But with butterbeer syrup, >> so I can't wait. Whoa. >> I'm doing well, Ryan. How about you? the same. >> I love it. >> What's my favorite treat at MK? Oh my goodness, that's hard. >> Sweet treat. >> My favorite savory treat is the cheeseburger egg. Same. >> Yes. >> I agree with you. >> So good. Hey, how are you? >> Good. How are you? >> I'm doing well. You, too. >> Oh, this is Yay. Thank you. Perfect size. So cute. Thank you so much. >> Look at the butter. >> Oh my goodness. It's so cute. Look at this butterbeer waffle, you guys. Okay, so we've got butter and I think that's cream. So you guys can have all of that. And this is our butterbeer syrup. And you got a drink of choice. So, it was either like coffee, soda, butterbeer. There was even hot butterbeer. I of course got dairy free. I hope it's dairy free. That's what I ordered. Looks like it. More bacon. >> Yes, ma'am. >> Yay. That came out fast. >> That did. >> All right, guys. >> All right. So, guys, >> thank you, too. I want a picture of this and then we can dig in. Awesome. >> Hi. >> So fast. >> I know. That bacon came out really fast. All right. So, of course, you can have the top or whatever else you want. I was going to ask you for a knife, but look. >> I have some. >> I could have done the same thing, but give me a spoon. >> That is so funny. Tim says, "I need that." >> Mhm. >> All right, we're going to cut this. There's something on the >> Yeah, I think it's just >> It looks like part of the >> Yeah. Oh yeah, it looks like an herb or something. A herb. How much do you guys want? Should we cut it in like fours? >> And then everybody take a fourth and then we can share the last ordinary friends. >> Tim that isn't here. >> Timmy, you okay? Please take some bacon, too. >> Okay, thank you. Please take the cream cuz I can't have it. >> Okay. >> Oh, good. Yeah, you have to do already. >> Mhm. >> Perfect. There was a reason why I ordered more bacon. >> Bacon. Take some bacon. >> I would love some bacon. >> She can take some bacon. Why don't you take my take this off? She has space. Thank you very much. >> Got it. >> There you go. >> Okay. Take more. >> More bacon. >> Yep. Strawberry. >> Thank you. >> Does anybody want part of the butterbeer butter? >> I don't want any. Thank you. >> Yeah. >> Do you mind if I Thank you. >> Yeah. No worries. Hi. >> Let's get a little You You didn't want any? >> No. Thank you. >> Do you want more? I'm good. Okay. You might need that some of that for the other half. That's true. I will put some on this half. And then the best part. I was just going to dip, but if you guys want to put some on your plate, >> do like the tiniest. >> Whatever. No, get whatever you need. I'm going to try a bite of the waffle by itself. And then we'll go in for the butterbeer. >> All right. So, without syrup first. >> Okay. It's good waffle with butter. >> So, without the syrup, it's just like regular. >> There's butterbeer taste to the cream. >> Are you serious? >> Cream is butterbeer cream. >> Oh, I'm so sorry. I can't eat it. >> Yum. Okay, so there's butterbeer flavor in the cream. Okay. It's almost like the topping for the butterbeer, but >> yum. Trying to I'll put a little on there. That's the best part. >> Agree. That's why I'm glad they got it on very All right. So, I put a little syrup on my strawberry with this much cream on it. >> Yeah. >> I haven't touched this at all. Taste the green. >> Yeah. >> Fine. It's fine. >> All right. I'm going to taste with the butterbeer syrup now. >> Oh my word. >> I was still butter. >> The syrup is very butterberry. Oh yes, I did. I had to had to take the second bite. >> I taste it more when I'm not eating the strawberry. >> All right, let me just taste a little of the green. You're exactly right. I wish they could do a non-dairy. That would be so good. >> That would be awesome. >> That syrup. Got it. Oh, good. Yeah. The syrup is delicious. >> I would get this again. >> Right. There's more syrup if you need more. 20. >> Mhm. >> This is very good. >> Hey, Tropic Adventure. >> Also, it's nice to share because that was a big waffle. >> It is. That is so kind. Tropic Adventure says, "Thank you and your family and your friends for being good and kind role models for the kids." That's really sweet. Robin. >> Yeah. Just There is >> Oh yeah, this is delicious. It's worth of It's worthy of a dance. >> 70 in Orlando, 25 in Kansas City. Oh, no. >> The bacon goes perfect, too. Yeah. Good thing you kind of need that savory to go with the sweet. >> Hello, John. How are you? And then I got the non-dairy beer to go with it. >> And it's smaller than the normal ones, which I like, >> especially for agree. >> Here's a tip though. If you get the hot butter beer, it's only have cups. >> Well, there you go, guys. There's your little case >> you ever wanted to get. >> Tip for today. You being smart. >> I know. >> You should start your own vlog. >> I think we should all do a vlog like the >> Yeah. >> You need more? >> No, thank you. >> Funny. >> Yummy. I like that the butterbeer syrup is buttery, which sounds silly, but it it does have a buttery taste to it. >> It does. >> Yes. >> Aside from the butterbeer taste, >> agreed. >> It's buttery and butterier. >> Mhm. >> Sandra said it was 9° when she got up. Oh my goodness. >> No bueno. view of the last cluster. I guess >> I can't eat all that. So, we have to share it. >> I'll take the butter off, >> right? I'll cut it like a pie. >> All right. >> And then you guys can All right. >> And there's more butter if you want some. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> You're going to try new stuff around Epcot. Nice. Nice. Hey, Night Lock. How are you? Happy magical Monday. Whatever. These both are cleaner. >> Okay. Thank you so much. >> So, we definitely um recommend this butterbeer waffle. Also, get a side of bacon. >> Mhm. >> Subtle bacon. >> Subtle bacon. >> Subtle subtle butterbeer flavor, which is sort of nice on a waffle because otherwise it might be sweet. >> But yeah, perfect. >> Rob says, "Happy February 30th to all who celebrate." >> That's funny. I almost didn't wear shorts today cuz when I got up it was chilly, >> you know. I'm like, >> but then I was like, nope. And I'm really glad I did. >> Yeah. >> Did you get some? >> Yes, >> we did. Thank you. Oh, it is beautiful here in March for sure. John, hi Katie. Oh, thank you. >> I would wear this again. >> It's a nippler on my head. >> Is he stealing all your money? >> That's where it went. >> Uhhuh. Or he's stealing other people's money and collecting it for you. >> That's it. Mhm. He stole some pearls. I'll sell them. >> Yep. >> Oh my goodness. This is delicious. >> Mhm. >> Yep. >> I want the right amount. >> I couldn't eat that big. >> No. Yeah, it is giant. >> Agreed. It's really big. It is really good. I can probably share with just one other person. It was so good. >> But three people was perfect. It was just sampling. >> Everything goes better with bacon. >> Agreed. >> When we order the creme brulee, it'll be a side of bacon. And then we're going to get the shortbread cookies. A side of >> side of bacon. Got to keep that protein up. >> Mhm. >> Just grab your wand and cast a spell to bop the leg. >> I mean, we can't waste this. >> I know, right? >> Oh, no. Sorry, it was freezing rain yesterday. That is no way. That's scary. How was the bacon? A really good. >> It's really good. >> Yeah, I'm kind of picky about bacon. >> It's good. Surprisingly good. >> It was surprisingly good. >> 100% agree. >> All right, guys. We're going to move on in a minute. Yep. We'll walk around a little. >> Hey, smooth joystick. >> Let this settle and then we'll get more treats later. >> Maybe on the other side. >> Yeah. >> And Mara says, "Tim and I will take any leftovers from you ladies." You know, for science. >> Well, that's a deal. You just you just have to show up in like the next 10 minutes and you guys are on. >> Right now we have no leftover. There's a little butter and butterbeer syrup. You want that? >> Yeah. >> Hey Andy. Hi Andy. Andy. >> I heard you guys had a great time at the game yesterday. >> Oh yes. >> Oh my goodness. That was yummy. Andy was excited because the Detroit had their star pitcher. >> Mhm. >> Um, which is always fun to see in spring training. >> Totally. I guess he pitched the first three innings. That's a big deal. >> That is really cool. >> Yeah. >> Tim says fast. >> Butterbe last till May, >> I think. So, something like that. >> Yeah. Does there have to be a butterbeer season, though, or can it just be year round? >> I think it needs to be >> year. Year. >> You're young. >> All right, friends. Here we go. Thanks for having breakfast with us this morning. Feel like I have syrup all over me. >> Same. I think I'm okay. >> And now I get to have my butter beer. But I can walk with that. >> Yes. What do you think? >> Cuz I didn't get my Starbucks, you know. >> Oh, it is dairyfree. There's usually a little leaf on the cup somewhere. >> It's on the bottom. >> That's handy. >> Yeah. >> Well, when we go to the other side, Starbucks. >> Oh, yeah. >> That will be needed. I hate to say this, but I am a little warm right now. >> Yeah, it was very warm sitting. >> It was all right. Think we got everything. Oh, let me grab her bag. >> Oh, I'm so sorry. Creature was just hanging out. Um, our breakfast this morning was butterbeer waffle, brand new. Just came out for butterbeer season. And a side of bacon. And now butterbeer cuz you have to. It is a thing you have to do. What is this? Have you seen this wizard? >> Trainicus Hagrid. Any information leading to the rest of this man shall be duly rewarded. Notify immediately by Al, the Ministry of Magic. That is so funny. >> Do you think they change out? >> Maybe. >> I wonder if it's somebody that's training. >> Yeah. >> Oh, >> that's cute. >> That is awesome. I did, Tony. I'm sorry. >> Welcome to Hags meet everybody. Let's go see Hogwarts. There's Ollivanders. You can go get your wand. You can also get your wand other places. They do have the time turning popcorn bucket still. Here's our thumbnail today. Right here. So cute. >> Oh, they're right there. >> Shall we go shopping in the castle? >> Yes, >> let's do it. You guys should ride that. It's only 10 minutes. >> I wish I could. Does it make you nauseous? >> I just feel okay. >> I would if I could take the stream. >> Sometimes. >> Up to you. If you want to, you totally can. I am sorry that you got scared. >> Okay. >> Sounds good. >> Walk me through the castle. >> I know. I do love that. Sometimes it does work in there. >> Sometimes it doesn't. Yeah. All right, let's go do a little bit of shopping. >> I hear it. >> This is a fun little ride, too. >> It is >> cute. And it's more zippy than I expected. >> It is. I know. I wish we could film on this one, but Oh, hi, friend. >> Yeah, you do. >> Yeah. It's a little faster than Goofy's >> and longer. >> And longer. Yeah. >> Fun. >> All right, let's go to Filch's Emporium. They have some great things in here. Usually, it's also the exit of the ride. They also have some AC, which I feel weird saying that I want some AC. Love this shirt. I >> think I might have to buy that. >> It's kids, but I'll get the big size. >> I think it's really cute. >> Oh, I like this backpack. >> Oh, wow. >> It's just, you know, it goes with everything. Gray. >> Is it heavy? >> I like that color. No. >> No. Oh, and there's a wand holder. >> That's a nice size. That's nice and padded, too. Is it $75 one cup holder? >> It's weird that it's on the same size as your >> wand with you. >> However, this is this is long. So, it wouldn't get if you have your water bottle in there, it wouldn't get wet. >> Yeah. >> This is like so nice. >> Oh, almost like a >> Oh, wow. Like, is there a zipper in the back? Like a laptop. >> Like a laptop. But there's not a use it as a bag. >> That is really nice backpack. But it's weird because there's not really a laptop. >> Oh, there's not. >> There it is. >> Kind of like Yeah. >> Mhm. >> But since that's the only >> They do let you um >> Yeah, you could. Oh, yeah. >> They do let you tour the castle if you want. Yes, they do. >> You can walk through the whole ride. >> Yep. Sure can. Oh, here's the butterbeer merch. >> So, we've got the new butterbeer spirit jersey. That's cute. What does the front look like? >> In the British Isle. >> Oh, fun. Oh, and just has a mug on the front. Okay. >> It's probably 80 or something. >> Uh oh. Oh, you're fine. No worries. Uh 85, I think. Yep. >> And then we've got the butterbeer shirt. I'm assuming there's something on the back cuz there's not a lot. Oh, that's cute. >> That's so cute. >> I like that. Super fun. >> And that is >> we have one. >> I don't have $30. >> 30. Okay. >> Okay. >> I also like the >> I can't drop my coffee. It's very important. >> I know, right? Oh, and this is new. The >> bucket hat. It's so cute. >> $30. Those come in handy in the summer. >> Yeah, they do. That's really cute. I like that. Hey, Darl and Victoria. How are you? It was good seeing you on the float as well. I'm glad you guys yelled my name cuz I might not have seen you. That was cool. >> You guys are looking at new stuff. They quietly launch hoodies at some point recently. I saw them. >> Oh, is it a sweater? It's just like a zip-up hoodie, but it looks like the way and it also has a wand pocket on the inside. It's 80 instead of 140 like the >> Okay, that might be a >> They're kind of a sleigh. I'm not even going to lie. >> Thank you for showing us. I saw you guys. >> Thank you. You too. >> Okay, that is that is going to be >> It looks like the robe >> add to cart. >> And it's it's a nice weight. Not too heavy. >> I love that. would keep you warm in the it's got >> she said it was 80 layers >> but 15% off. >> Yes. >> Somebody math for me please. Andy, are you still in the chat? >> So that would be $12. >> $12. Yep. >> Good job, guys. >> You did math on Monday. I'm so proud. >> Monday math day. >> Monday math day. >> Only day I can do math. >> Okay, good. >> It's usually the only day I don't. Do they have extra small or they just Oh, >> this is an extra small. It looks >> really big. >> It's so um that means you have I have to buy it. >> You have to buy it. >> Yeah, right. That's yours. >> Thank you. >> Is that the extra small or >> This is the extra small. >> They're kind of They look big, >> which the sleeves are supposed to look big cuz you know, like a robe. I guess >> they look like a robe. >> Yeah. This is the extra small. >> Oh wow. >> I mean, >> okay, try that on for us. >> Try it on for us if you don't mind. >> I will try it on. Okay, I'll try it on. Why not? >> I would normally not wear an extra small. That is for sure. >> Here, Jesse. Thanks. >> Tim wants a Ravenclaw in a large, please. >> They have plenty right now, but they are new, I guess. model Sharon over here. >> Cute. >> Okay. So, you know. >> Okay. Yeah. Yeah. >> I would >> That is cute though. >> It's so cute. >> I would probably get a medium or large. So, it's probably It looked big on the hanger, but I bet it would actually Oh, and the sleeves are loose. >> Yeah, I like that. Like a robe. >> That's so cute. >> Oh, yeah. See? Dang it. I'm going to need that. Okay, >> that's really cute. >> We might be able to wear it like two more days. >> Add to cart. >> Add to cart. >> Okay. Amazing. >> Alrighty. Well, that was nice of her for showing us the new merch >> that slays. >> That slays. Yes. I love that. That was cute. >> You can also get crook shanks if you want her. >> Oh, gotcha, John. That's cool. >> You know what? I bet these are going to sell. >> Are you going to get it now? I'm going to get back later. Okay. We're not. >> Yeah, good call. >> Yeah, since it's just out now. >> Unless all the people in the chat are going to rush over and buy it. Those are cute sweatpants. >> They look comfy. >> T Oh, there's a raincoat, too. That's right. I forgot about that. >> A raincoat um >> robe. Like it looks like a robe, but it's a rain coat. >> That's really smart. I saw that. >> Yeah, I saw it online. I haven't seen it in person. >> Oh, right when we walked in. >> Oh, we'll have to go see it. A bag. >> It's adorable. Isn't >> that cute? >> I know. >> It's tiny. >> It is tiny. I would fit >> Is the price tag >> my phone? >> No, the price tag is 65. >> $65. >> I also love this shirt. So many things we need. >> Yeah, that's cute. >> They have a Griffin back. >> Oo. Okay. Wait, are these 75? >> 65. >> And do we have a Oh, yes. There's a wander. >> Wand holder. Is it as heavy and padded as the other one or is it lighter? >> It's lighter weight. >> Okay. >> Actually really do like that. >> It's a good size. >> Dang it. I'm gonna spend all my money today. >> And there's two. >> Good thing the nippler's helping you get some more size. >> Oh, see that's a that's a must. >> Okay. We're going to be doing some shopping today, guys. And I wasn't planning on it >> cuz flower and garden starts Wednesday and there's more shopping. >> Uhhuh. You know, I might have a lounge flag I can sell. >> Yeah, exactly. >> Right. >> Anybody want a lounge flag? >> We got the Christmas plates here. Christmas merch. >> All right, let's go see the raincoat ones. >> Were they in the other room? The first room? >> Oh. Oh. Here it is. Okay. All right. >> This is it right here. >> Okay. That's cute. It's more like a poncho. >> It is totally >> Does it not have sleeves? >> It's like a poncho meets a meets a Well, >> come on. >> They're like poncho sleeves. >> Okay. >> So, that's good. Your size would stay. >> Oh, is this it right here? >> Oh, >> 50. And it comes in a bag. >> That's convenient. >> It's convenient. >> Oh, look at the back. Oh, >> can be nice. And >> actually, yes. >> Did you buy anything at the expo? I only bought a pin, Tim. >> Yep. >> Pin. >> That's cute, too. >> And some other stuff. >> We don't have to talk about Bruno. It's fine. All right. Let's head on out of here. That was fun. >> I like new merch. I like new merch and I cannot lie. >> I had to. I'm sorry. >> Oh my word. Good morning, Edwin. How are you? >> I feel like I just got butterbeer all over my face. Did I? >> Nope. cuz I put the cup like all the way up. Do you remember that one time that I did? >> It was like butter. It was like a cup of butterbeer all around me. It was funny. >> It's like the the milk mustache, but it's a butterbeer mustache. >> Exactly. >> So cute. >> Yep. I'm going to need that. >> I love it. >> I did save money. That's right, Tim. >> All right. Shall we go to the All Holo Z store? >> Yes. >> Hey, let's do it. Hello, girly girl. How are you today? Welcome in. Happy magical Monday. >> It is a gorgeous day here today in Hogsme. So glad you guys are joining us. >> Oh, here's some more butterbeer merch over here. Let's go check it. They do. >> I do like this shirt. This is fun. >> 37. You get your butterbeer hoodie. >> 70. >> 70. Kind of >> pricey for a hoodie. >> Hot and cold. That is cute. >> And socks. >> Oh yeah, those are fun, too. >> 25. Oh, gotcha, John. No worries. Oh, good. Got your bucket here. This actually has candy in it. 24.99. >> Did it make you look like Dumbledore? Wait, what? >> The hoodie. >> They do have the new ones. These. I have this one. I don't see any new ones though. Like this one. >> Oh yeah. Is that your name? Your name? Is that Sirius Glass? Oh, I guess. Awesome. I have this one. I have Luna. >> No, actually that's a good one. >> Okay, this way. We're going to be trying some more butterbeer treats here in a little bit. It is butterbeer season. Happy butterbeer season, everybody. Thing that they started here at Universal. It started yesterday and it goes through May, I believe. Somebody help me out. But I think it's through May. Hi Jason. Hey Joint. How are you? Bop that like button and subscribe if you're new. >> Restroom. I know. There'll be one out >> somewhere. This is new little cart. >> I like that bag. >> Yeah, it's a popcorn bucket. It's cute though. All right. And here is a butterbeer stand. You cannot get non-dairy at the stands. Just FYI, you have to go into the restaurants to get the non-dairy. What is Hagrids? >> Me neither. >> Oh my. >> 110. >> It's on that sandwich board instead of the instead of the >> Oh, okay. because the digital wasn't working. >> Maybe the digital is perfect. >> There's the Hogwarts Express. >> Hi, buddy. >> It is just um butterbeer season, so they have new treats, new food, and new merch. Basically, that's that's basically it. But, you know, when you can celebrate butterbeer, why not? >> I got a hint tattoo here once. It was fun. >> How long did it last? >> Um, about 2 weeks. >> Oh, wow. Oh, that's >> Yeah, Ivonne and I got it one night before HHN. >> It was so fun. I actually kind of want to do it again cuz then it'll be kind of like a test for cuz I got a I got a paw print. >> Yeah, >> it'll be a test for my real one. >> Maybe we'll go later. >> You want to? Yeah. Okay. >> I think we should skip the henna and just go straight to the tattoo shop later. >> I mean, I don't mind that either. Well, let's go here first before tattoos. Let's go here. >> I actually thought about dropping by just to talk to them. >> You should be an appointment. We're >> here and then they want to know what you're interested in and they can draw us and where you get there for your reop. >> Exactly. >> I have an opening right now. >> Sit down. >> And you don't even have time to change your mind. >> I know. It's true. sweatshirt. >> Oh, >> I do love that sweatshirt. >> I went >> I like this too though. >> Yesterday to get it in the store in the front, the big store was out. >> Nuhuh. >> They were. But >> seriously, >> they do have them over here. >> They do. >> Oh, and they have my minis and I told myself if they had them, I was going to get them. >> Yay. I love unboxings. >> My first four were all different. And I got a super secret. >> Oh my word. They're bigger than I than your picture looked. >> She's gotten different ones every time. >> So, wait. Are these two the secrets? >> Yeah. That's amazing. All right, so you so far you have Jack. >> I have Jack, which was my number one want. >> I have Frankie. >> Frankie. >> I have super secret bride. >> Love that. >> And I have Scarecrow. >> Nice. Yay. >> I really want Chance. >> She's the one that I really want. >> Okay. Chance that goes with Jack. >> Yeah. >> Love it. I I probably won't live stream the tattoo. No, but I'll show you pictures after. How about that? Be kind, not a monster. That's cute. October forever. That's fun. We have a scarecrow Funko Pop. I love how it just looks like Halloween in here all the time. It is so so cool. They have that guy. They have a lot of his merch. That guy, that's funny. Oh, this is a fun shirt. The cat. It's cool. Do like that. It's weird that there's a window open in here. Are we lagging? Are we good? Oh, the birds. I might need a Marty girl earring set. These are cute, too. Hey, Santana family. How are you? Welcome in. Did >> you pick the right ones? >> I don't know. Find out. >> Hopefully. >> Is this the wall you were talking about? The birds? >> Yes. >> Creepy. >> Actually is really cool looking. >> Yes. >> It kind of freaks her out. >> Yeah. I'm I'm not a fan. >> Not a fan. A, he's cute. >> That's so cool. They can exchange here. I wish Disney did that. A little exchange for the blind box store. Say, you know, somebody didn't want the one they wanted, then there's a couple behind the counter that you can exchange. And then the more people exchange, the more you'll have back there kind of thing. I like that. That's cool. So, yeah. Again, these are the ones you can get. $22 each. I'm counting down to September, too. I'm so excited. I do like this. $50. That's 10. It looks plastic. Man, they are out of the shirt that I bought. This one's cute, too, though. And they're out of the mini beignet. All right, what else we got here? Oh, we got a bag. Glows in the dark. Marty girl hat. We've got the headbands and um the twonton shoulder top. I really like this too. The lanyard from Marty girl. The chocolate bar is $10. Hello from Carile, England. Hello. Hi Chelsea. How are you today? Come in everybody. $27 gets you a bottomless drink. >> Get you some uh beads. I kind of need the crazy banana ones. I should just break down and buy it. Every time I'm like, "Ah, I'll do it." And then I never do. Okay, guys. Let me see here. Just going to show you our video. So, this is our newest cruise video right here on Mostly Perfect Day at Coco K and on the Star of the Seas. So, go check it out if you haven't already. Posted it last night. And if you haven't seen the boarding, the largest cruise ship in the world, go check that out as well. Those are our two vlogs we just posted over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale, Dale and Ice channel from our cruise. So, if you wondered what we got into that day, is Jesse open them? Are you opening them? >> Yeah. >> Yes, >> because I just offered to switch out. Another Jack, >> but that's okay cuz he is my favorite. And then I got the bride, but the one that I don't have. >> Yay. Okay, that's exciting. >> I'm trying to decide if we didn't open your >> That's so cool. >> They don't do that at every store. >> Do they have a chucky? >> Thank you. >> This is just a very generous team member. Here's his little box. >> We do the same thing um at the outside store. I don't know if they've changed it out the two weeks, but I mean, >> yeah, >> if you decide. >> It's worth the ask. That's awesome. >> The vlog will make you hungry. Yes, bring your snacks. I was watching the newest Gwen. No, I was watching the newest when this one started, but I'll finish it later. Yeah, no worries, Penguin Pammy. That's awesome. >> This is a fun mug. >> That was really >> That is so cool. I wish Disney would do that with their blind box store. Wouldn't that be nice? >> I actually looked up the Pluto Stitchy that I want in that set on eBay just to see. >> They have it. It's $30. >> Yeah. I mean, 30 is not bad, but it's way more than what he's >> costs. And that's 30 before um shipping, I think. So, it was more with shipping. So, I was like, I don't know. >> Not every store does that at Univers. That'd be awesome. Not every store does. >> The trading you have to ask. >> Some of the team members kind of start their own little thing. >> That's so cool. I love that. >> Which is I think it's so fun. It's just so And if everybody ends up happy. Exactly. >> Happy Monday, Scott. How are you? Let's go in here. Let's just ask. Or do you guys mind asking? They might not want the stream to see you. Just Yeah. Thank you. >> Oh, we got we got the song going. So, these are the toothless ones. And I kind of want a baby and or Toothless. I did get Light Fury. Oh, just hit myself in the face. That's awesome. Good job, Jenna. Off to a great start. 20 bucks. >> She's only at this location. >> Okay, good enough. >> There you go. >> You did. You got Toothless, right? Or no, >> I got >> I got Light, too. >> Yeah. And I love Light. >> So cute. >> Is that the one I got? Yes, the grunk. >> Oh, Stormfly is ador. >> I love Stormfly. >> Babies are ador. >> I know they I think they are. Yeah. So, is he the secret? Wonder who's the secret. >> Wait. >> Or the baby's the secret. >> The babies. >> Is it just one baby or three babies? >> I think you just get one. >> Mystery A, B, and C. >> Okay. I 100% just hit myself in the face with the string. >> Are you okay? >> I was like showing him and I was like, >> you have it turned around towards you. >> It's true. >> Oh my goodness. >> All right, I might have to come back. >> Uhhuh. >> That's a great deal. >> Yep. To this one. And they have lots of boxes. >> Yeah, they do. >> Maybe the longer you wait during the day, the more >> Hey, Leslie. You never know. You never know. That's true, too. >> Or maybe you miss out on the ones that >> move it. Move it. >> Yes. Happy magical Monday. Perfect day for butterbeer. Hello, Strawberry Peel Cherry. How are you? We got King Julian over here. Hi, Noel. Um, I'm Jenna with Resort TV1. Thanks for being here. Like and subscribe. What's your name? Move it. Move it. Move it. like to move it. Move it, >> Tim. I like this idea. Now, however, do you think they would do two lands in two different I mean, I guess they did with Harry Potter. That's a good point. All right, Tim has a great idea. >> Yes. Yes, Tim. >> He said just a thought, but what would what do you think if they turned this into another how to train your dragon lamb? >> Yeah, >> right. love that. >> And then I was like, well, would they do that though? And then I was like, wait, they have duh. Harry Potter is in three parks. >> Love that. >> Yep. >> That would be incredible. Yes, you're right. They do have Harry Potter in three parks. >> All three parks. I mean, they're different obviously. So, they'd have to think of something different for this one. >> And it would go with if they're keeping the restaurant. Yeah. >> Yeah. >> And they would go that kind of the same way. That is a good idea. >> That is so true, Tim. Good thought, Tim. >> We approve. Get on that team. >> Yep. Yep. >> Call your people. >> Call your people. Tell them we approve. Not that they want our approval, but you know, if they do, >> right? >> Yeah. Exactly. So, we're going to walk right underneath Veloca Coaster. We're going to head into Jurassic Park here in a minute. I heard they have new food. Have you heard? >> I have heard. >> They have the cones. I forgot >> that you they have an epic, but they're different. >> They're different flavors. >> Silly. Yeah. So, I want to go see what the fillings are. One, I think is an al chicken Alfredo, but I don't know what the other one is. That's where we were sitting just a minute ago. Back side of uh 36. Tim says, "I'm for hire Universal. Call me. That's funny. >> Ah, yes. Sorry about that. I know. This is why we moved to Florida, to get warm and wear shorts. I get it, though. I'm originally from Indiana, so I get what cold is. I lived in northern Indiana for 10 years. It was miserable. It was so cold. Here it goes. Wow, >> I missed it >> so fast. I missed it. >> Yes, please pop the like button, everybody. Appreciate that. It helps YouTube know you're enjoying the stream and it pushes it out to more people to enjoy the stream as well. And we'll get more hoppers joining us. A Nancy, that's so sweet. Thank you very much. That's very kind. >> Welcome to Jurassic Park. I still think they need to do a Jurassic uh agent house, >> right? >> Scary. It would kind of be like Five Nights, you know, like with animatronics and >> Yes. >> coming through the wall at you. The original movie, >> but just the thought of a dinosaur chasing you. >> Yes. And you can have that last year, right? Yeah, >> that would be so cool. >> Oh, it's a donut. I was like, what is that in there? I always like to see what treats they have cuz they always have different things. That's not our dino. >> I've been waiting for you guys. >> All right. So, I'm thinking a restroom break soon. >> Uhhuh. >> I think there's one here around the corner. >> Okay. >> So, if you guys want to go and then we can flip-flop. >> Sound good? >> In this corner? >> Yeah. It's like I think back in this corner over here. Look at the giant plushies. Or it's maybe over by the restaurant actually. Yeah, you're right. >> Okay, >> let's go that way. >> They're so cute. >> The dinosaur. >> Me, too. >> Looks like Chomp. >> A It is from Jurassic Park. Yes, we are in Jurassic Park World or land or whatever you want to call it. >> I'll go see what the new food is. >> Okay, uh perfect. >> Yeah, back there. Yep. Let's go check out the food. I think this is where those cones are. And I want to see what they are. So, they do have pizza here. I do know that. Yeah, here it is. garlic bread cones. Meatball marinara and chicken Alfredo. And I believe they're the same cones as you would get in Epic. I am all for the meatball marinara. Chicken Alfredo sounds good. I just can't have it. Grilled chicken Caesar. And they have cheese, pepperoni, and meat lovers pizza. >> The brookies are amazing if you've never had those. >> All right. All right. Have to try that sometime. >> Transformer dad. That's funny. >> They do have a a Jurassic Park dinosaur encounter. Raptor encounter right here. I know. The Brookies are so delicious. Sometimes it's the baby and sometimes it's the regular raptor. >> I don't know who it is today. It's hard to tell. >> It's the regular one. >> Veloca Coaster. So guys, go check out one of our awesome sponsors, resort tv1homes.com, brokered by EXP Realy. If you guys are wanting to uh move closer to the magic of either Walt Disney World or Universal, either one, go to again resorthomes.com brokered by EXP Realy. Go over there, fill out the information form, and we'll get you in contact with the right realtor for you in the area that you're looking. Resorttv1homes.com, guys, go check us out. We also have mickeyras.com. mickeyras.com. They will help you book your trip to Walt Disney World. It won't cost you any more money than if you were to book it yourself. They help you plan for free with their expert advice. So, whenever you're booking your next trip to Disney, make sure you book it with wiki.com. Also, go to mickeyblog.com for all of the latest Disney news. Puppetronics. Oh, that's cute. So, you put them It's like a puppet, but it's also electronic. That is adorable. There's a little remote. It's so fun. I don't know how much it is. I'm sure it's not cheap. I would have loved that as a kid. I mean, who am I kidding? I would love it now. These are cute. Little bracelets. Feet. Don't fail me now. Feet don't fail me now. Look at that giant sloth. That is adorable. This is a restaurant and a shop, the Burger Digs. And then downstairs, they got like a little interactive area. It's great for when it's really hot or rainy. Oh, did they venture in? That's cool. I got a headache. A small headache after riding Disneyland Space Mountain. Oh, John, that's too bad. That's no buenos. Also, go check out David's Vacation Club rentals at dvcre request.com/tv dvcre request.com/tv if you guys are wanting to book a stay. Um, let's see. I'm trying to figure out where I guess we could journey that way. Oh, I went and looked. They have a meatball. Careful. >> It moves. >> It does move. Uh, they have a meatball marinara one. >> That one sounds amazing, >> right? Agreed. And the other one's chicken alfredo. >> Okay. >> So, >> that also sounds good. >> We might need >> All right. >> lunch. The people. >> Hello people. Thank you. You can just journey at this little gift shop. >> Yeah, I showed them. There's like this puppetronic over there. It's really cute. >> Okay. Thank you. Gift shop. Gift shop. >> They're all of your universal gifting needs. Actually, these bracelets are really cute souvenirs to take back to people. I think they personalize them. Yeah, they do personalize them. >> I like this little seashell. >> Little turtle on it. >> I kind of like these. >> Hello, Tim. >> That looks like Hi, Tim. That look like leather. I don't really know what it's made out of. Those are kind of cool. >> Could get a major saw tooth. >> Mhm. >> Necklace. >> In case you're missing a tooth. >> Yep. >> Take that to the dentist and say, "I would like to have this tooth." >> You know, like hockey players could use this. >> This is what she That's actually really cute. Alan says, "Karen and I are heading to Florida on the 12th of May for 21 days." Wow. >> And spending 17 days in the parks. That is amazing. >> That's a nice long trip. >> Mhm. >> I see. He is like a puppet. >> That's very cute. >> It's really cute. Is it true that Harry Potter in Epic is closed today? I don't know. I haven't heard really. >> We could probably check. >> Like the ride or the whole land? >> I don't know. >> Sometimes they will cap the line if the line for that ride is really long. I do not know. >> I wonder if they're having issues. So, they didn't open it yet. I don't know. We'll do some research. >> Somebody rented it out for a private party. Wouldn't that be fun? >> I like this. got bucket hats which are great for the sun in case your bucket needs a hat. >> I like the white one. Me, >> too. >> So, there's a raptor encounter that I've never done. Me neither, >> but it looks very fun. You get to meet Blue or I think there's another another dinosaur that you maybe get to meet, too. We're heading to Orlando in miday. How's the weather? Is it sticky and humid? Vin says >> it can be. >> Yeah, >> not as bad in May, >> but it should be warm and some humidity and maybe some afternoon rain. >> Very exciting though. >> Yes, super excited. excited for your trip. May is a nice time because flower and garden is still going and Epcot. Oh, cool. Andre says, "My wife and son from Germany are in Universal right now. Maybe you'll meet them. That would be awesome." >> Tell them to come say hi. I guess >> Oh, yeah. Perfect. >> All right, let's head this way and then we can make our way back to the front and head to the other side for more treats. >> And then if we want, we can ride the train back later and get those for lunch if we want. Yeah, that sounds really good. >> Yeah. >> Have you Have you guys had the ones at Epic yet? >> No, actually. >> If they're like the ones at Epic, the cone by itself is just >> Oh, okay. >> So good. And garlicky. It's delicious. >> There's a lot of food we need to try at Epic. There's so much good food that we couldn't get through all the >> You got to go to Epic and just do like a food >> Yes. A food crawl. >> A food crawl. Exactly. Uh, so we went to Harry Potter already. Rewind and you can check it out. But then we're going to go to Harry Potter on the other side here in just a little bit. So I was talking about David. So let's go ahead and talk about them again. David's Vacation Club Rentals DVC request request.com/tv dvcrequest.com/tv. Go over there and you can find a deluxe. Let's go in the shop. Can find a Disney deluxe villa for a fraction of the cost. You don't have to be a DVC member to rent from David's. Again, dvcre requests.com/tv. >> I heard that they had like other stuff in here right now because the ride is down. So, like they kind of added some things. >> Yep. >> Yeah. >> Refurbing. Yep. Oh, are they going to add some of the extras like that they have in California? >> I don't know. >> You know, it has it has like the thing that comes at you in the from the water >> at you in the water. >> Okay. >> You know, >> you just use the bathroom. >> Well, you might have somebody watching you, not just him. >> Well, that is pretty. Oh, look at all the Funkos. >> A She's so cute. >> She's so cute. I've never even seen that. The newest movie, but she's adorable. >> Your favorite is Jurassic Park. >> No, we have not tried the other Butterbe treats. We're going to head that way. >> It is on our to-do. Don't worry. >> Sugar break. >> Yeah, exactly. >> Oh, look. We can get a dino necklace with our burst stone. That's adorable. >> That is adorable. >> This one's mine. >> Is it finished, Jessie? >> Yep. July. >> No, that's March. >> Um, where is August? >> Your is too popular. >> Where's that one? May. >> June. July. >> Um. Oh, yeah. Maybe it's behind. Well, interesting. >> I don't I don't get a necklace. >> Nope. Well, you can pick any color you want. >> Pick a color. >> Pick a color. Exactly. So, this is where you would get off the ride if it were open, but it's not open. >> I know. Isn't it so cute? Taking a nap. $34.99. >> All right. >> Mhm. >> I do like this ride when it's warm outside. I like this ride. You do get wet for sure. >> You can get some expensive. >> You just don't know. Oh, these are cute. Mini Chompers. Hopefully I get to go in September to Universal depending on the price. Oh, yeah. I hope so, too. August is a popular month. They're sold out. Yeah, I guess so. Is it from the second movie, Benjamin? I'm sure um YouTube will tell me when I get copyrighted for it. Hopefully not. But yeah, this ride is down at the moment. Thank you for bopping the like, John. Yeah, guys, if you've not already bpped, please go ahead and hit the thumbs up. Or sorry, Manoa J said, "Did anyone add to cart and then subtract from wallet any merch yet today?" >> A little bit. >> Not yet, Monoa J. Not yet. >> Food merch. >> Yes, food merch. >> Blind boxes. I take it back. Jessica got a couple of blind boxes. up. That was fun. They have a a drink just for Marty Girl at the Coke machine. Whatever it is, it's green. I've never eaten in here either. >> I'll have to do that sometime. >> We'll have to do a vlog. >> I know. Oh, we'll have to do a vlog for science. >> Hi, Jacob. So, yes, let's do a rapid fire bop. We haven't done one of those yet today. So, all you have to do is um find the thumbs up, close out of the chat, and bop it. And you can only bop it once cuz if you bop it twice, it takes it away. You guys ready? Are you set? the like button and subscribe if you're new everybody. Hi Sapphire. Doing well. How are you? >> 30 minutes. Oh, is he? I love that. Oh, that's so fun. >> What a great queue and great like outside ride. Not so impressive. it. I was just telling Jessica, I enjoyed it. Yeah. If it had a short weight, I think it's you're looking for something to do. >> Totally. >> It's enjoyable. But I wouldn't >> No. >> Oh, this is where they have the pizza skulls sometimes. Let's see if they still have them. >> That was so much fun. >> I don't see them anymore. W sad. Okay, took them off the >> off the menus. >> I do call it Donkey Kong or did I call it Donkey Kong just now? I don't even know. >> Have you been on King Kong a long time? >> Okay. Okay. >> Have scare actors. >> Yes. And they jump out at you. >> Yes. I miss that. I'm >> You will definitely get wet. >> Oh my god. This one doesn't play around though. >> No. So wet. And this is an aggressive ride. >> Very aggressive. >> It's like it's a matter upside down in >> a matter because it's not the most comfortable. >> Uhhuh. >> Yeah. It's a matter sent you through the shower. >> I mean, it goes fast. Look at it. >> It's like a bullet through the water. >> And then >> Jennifer, thank you so much. So appreciate that. >> I did say pizza skull. Yeah, they're a staple at HSN. So they're like bread and then they've got all the yummies inside and it's shaped like a skull. Oh my word. And the nice thing, however, if you didn't happen to get wet on the ride, >> when you're coming around close to the exit, there's like a little shower that kind of comes down. Yeah, it's it is crazy. You're going to get wet. >> And then this one, this is the one that can shoot you. The um >> Popeyes, you can put water and shoot people. And >> if you're going to go on a water ride, just get them done all at once and then change. >> I was going to say one day would be fun if we just dress like we knew we were going to get soaked and just ride them all. Wear your, you know, flip flops or Crocs or whatever shoes that don't, >> you don't care about getting wet. And then >> you could even bring a change of clothes. >> Change of clothes. Put them in a locker and >> good to go. >> Exactly. >> Was a U. >> It's under rebound. >> Okay. So, >> I'm also going off. >> We're going to go through Toon Island or whatever this is called. Toon Lagoon. I think it's Toon Lagoon. But we have to go in the shop cuz um it's Hello Kitty now. >> They have a Hello Kitty section. >> Mhm. >> And Sharon's all Hello Kitty Kitty. >> So, it's a verb. >> This is a shirt from our Hello Kitty cafe. >> Yes. Oh, that was so fun. The truck. The Hello Kitty truck. That was a fun day. I got the little ornament cup. >> Yes. What's a good place to eat at Epic for a quick lunch? Oh my goodness, there's so many good places. Um Isa Berg. Well, they're not really quick, but they're quickish. Um I love the one in Harry Potter. Uh well, I the cafe is good, but then there's also the um >> Leobblet something. Yes, >> the gabet noir. I love that one. It's delicious. It's kind of off the bean path, so it's never as busy. >> I think that one is quicker because it's not as busy. >> Yes. Um, Monsters C or No, that's what it's called. What is it called? >> Uh, I thought that I don't remember what it's called. Something oak tavern. Something >> starlen star tavern. So close. The plaster owl is the bar, >> but I have renamed it the hoot now. >> It's my favorite. >> The hoot now. >> That was funny. I mean, it works. Yeah. The star the >> I love that >> Oaken Star Tavern. Delicious. >> Actually, you can't go wrong with any option. >> I thought it was so funny. >> I want to sing the song. Have you had a bad day? There's Betty Bop. Dale likes to call her. >> Betty Bop. >> Betty Bop. >> Mhm. She bpped the like button. >> Good job. >> Hey Tim, we have >> Tim. Tim, you you have a backpack. You have a headband. You have a plushy. >> Man, Tim has a whole line dedicated to him. >> They're laughing at the hoot now. >> Hello, Mr. Cruz fever. character. Oh my god, >> this is funny. >> I agree. >> It's hilarious. The hoop now. Tim is very popular at Universal. Yes. Yes. You can get your magical mystery bus. Sour green apple candies. >> That sounds good. >> I know, right? That's really cute. Scooby snacks. >> Orange flavored candies. That's cute. Chocolate bacon bar. No. >> Chocolate with bacon bits. >> H interesting. >> Could be good. >> It could be. It has potential. >> Uh-huh. >> I try it for science. So cute. >> $20. Oh, I I love these earrings so much. >> Wow. >> You know, we could buy these and split them. >> I still owe you for the >> Yeah, >> cuz I want her. >> You want her or her? >> Tiff says, "I love my merch. I still still owe you for this merch wherever it's at. I owe you a uh coffee or whatever. The beignet. >> I don't remember. I can buy you another one. I think I still owe you. >> True. >> But you bought bacon. That's cute. Oh, these are fun. Komi and a Hello Kitty fanny packs. This is cute. >> That is cute. >> It's really lightwe. >> Oh, nice. It's Florida weight. >> It Yes, as Scooby would say. Rummy. >> Do they have any new bows? Let's go see. This is fun. >> Yeah, I need a new bow. >> I like both of these backpacks. Oh, they're green. >> 55. That's not bad. >> Do they have a new one? >> I haven't seen one. No idea. >> No. And the polka dot. The checkered is cute. >> That's really cute. >> I like that. That's cute. >> Mhm. >> Add to card. >> Mhm. And the polka dot. >> So, and this >> headband dots >> with the bow and the button is 25. Each additional button is five. >> That's not bad. >> That's actually a good deal for a pair of ears. I have her. I love her. I got to wear my Hello Kitty outfit soon. Scary kitty. >> One of each. >> Uhhuh. Oh, see it has a cute checker. >> Oh, see now you wouldn't need that. >> Uhhuh. >> That's cute. Hello, Alen. How are you today? Welcome in. I love the succulent. >> Yes. >> Oh, this is cute. >> This is also cute. >> Right. >> Oh my goodness. Do it like that. >> If we did a Hello Kitty race, we'd need this. >> Oh my. Um, we would be unique because you can wear Hello Kitty in Disney because they have it in the Epcot shop and we generally run through Epcot. >> Good point. We could all be Hello Kitty. >> Most people wear other Disney characters. >> Yeah, we already have the ears. >> We're set. >> That is a good point. >> Your first trip to Universal at 74 years old. Well, I hope you have a blast. It's so fun. So, so fun. I love all the stationery. Reminds me of when I was a kid. >> They had not the checkered one, Tim. It was the sailor one. Yep, you're right. You are correct, sir. All right, let's go to Marvel Land or whatever they call it. >> Avengers Campus. No, wait. >> So, Andre, they do not let you go on rides here. Um, unless it's like ET or the trolley. So, we're just going to walk around and enjoy. >> Hope you're enjoying this stream. We enjoy shopping. Oh, look at the crazy banana. >> Oh my goodness. >> Too funny. >> You could whack them and >> wackaole. Yes. Hi. A He's cute. >> Giant flamingo. >> Oh my goodness. Look at Hello Kitty dressed as a kitty. That's so cute. and Wicked. >> Yeah, these are fun. >> Time to see go-kart man and bank guy. Yeah, I get to name the I get to name the characters. I like go-kart guy. He's awesome. >> Hi, Gail. Welcome in. Welcome to Marvel Superhero Island. Iceman, squishy guy. It's my favorite part. water, dude. Like how your dad named exactly. >> I don't know what to call that guy. Bendy. Yeah, man. >> Bendy man. I like squishy dude. Lightning lady. I haven't seen Lightning Lady yet. Oh, there's Captain America. Fun. >> I know, Matt. Same. Same. Well, we know these guys. That's Captain America. That's Thor. And that's Iron Man. This is uh Electrocuting Man. Oh, is it actually Iceman? Well, there you go. See, I know what I was talking about. >> Octopus dude. >> Bendy metal man. Look, pretzels. And Spider-Man. I do like this ride. I think it's fun. If you don't mind screens, it's a fun ride. It's 40 minutes. I wonder if they'll rethe it, too. I know. Good question. Pumpkin guy. >> I like pumpkin guy. >> Me, too. There's bank guy. >> And go-kart man. >> Have you guys been on this one? >> No. >> Me, too. I actually like it. >> I like that. I really like it. It's called uh Dr. Doom Fearfall. >> Yes. >> And it shoots you up. >> Yes, it does. >> Yes, it does. >> And it kind of shoots you back down, too. >> You stop >> and then it shoots you back down. >> Trying to see if it's going to go here soon. >> I hear it. >> Wonder if it's Oh, there it goes. It's fun. >> It's very similar to Tower Terror, just outside, not inside. >> Um, I go to Universal, you know, sometimes, several times. Not as much as Disney, just cuz you guys don't enjoy it as much, unfortunately. >> But, uh, that was funny. He was trying to get the baby to look forward. But I enjoy coming here. Heard rumors that they're in negotiations with WB for DCIP, but none with the Paramount thing. Okay. All right, Mega Nerd. That's awesome. I love that. You got the uh Fantastic Four Cafe. >> I actually like this ride. >> Do you? It gets my head. >> Yes. >> Yes. >> I mean, it gets my head, but that goes away. >> It knocks out some brain cells. It's >> It didn't get my head as bad as rocket. >> Oh, no. You're right. And to most people, that is probably >> This one made me so nauseous. So nauseous. I couldn't ride anything the rest of the day. I really all long it wasn't as shaky. >> Oh, really? >> And then they revered it to try and make it less shaky, but to me it made it more shaky. >> Oh, really? See, I haven't been on I wanted it done for me. Never again. >> Also, a long long long time ago, we were younger. >> A long long time ago. >> Yeah, that's true. >> But I know >> we go backwards. >> I teach you when you're younger. All right. Yeah, it does. It hurts my brain. Agreed. >> That's right, Jason. >> Well, let's go in the shop on the way out and then we'll head over to the other side. >> And didn't open yet. >> I know. >> Darn it. So, if you guys weren't here at the beginning of the stream, Starbucks here in Islands is under refurbishment. So, there's no Starbucks over here. You have to go either to CityWalk or to um the other park, Universal Side. >> I know. Luckily, they do have some nearby. Can you imagine if Disney closed one like at one of their parks? >> That would be devastating. >> It would be devastating. >> I mean, >> I don't think they could. It would just be a big uproar. >> The last time that the Starbucks and Universal Studios open, they moved it to another >> You're right. >> Oh, yeah. I forgot about that. >> I'm actually surprised they didn't do that here. >> Also because of the team members, too. >> Yeah. >> All right, we're going to go through this little shop here. >> Let's see if they have the sweatshirts here. So then we wouldn't have to >> There they are. >> Oh, perfect. >> The the robe sweatshirts. >> Yeah, there they are. >> They are really cute. >> They are so cute. Battery check. We're at 38%. Thank you. Thank you. You're not Hustle Puffs. >> You can be if you want. >> You're right. >> Jesse, what are you calling yourself these days? >> Well, the internet sometimes calls a little >> Slytherin. >> Oh, one of these two. Okay. And I'm >> Before you were I thought you were No, I've never Okay. I've always been Gryffindor. Every >> Gryffindor and Hufflepuff. Okay. >> Andy's Raven. >> Dale is too. >> Raven. >> Yep. >> And Jesse Mouse. >> And I bone. >> Wow. >> I know. Isn't that crazy? >> No wonder we like them. >> I know. >> It's true. >> And your Zach is >> Oh, he is so slither. >> So Slytherin. >> There's no question. >> Slytherin and proud of it. >> I love that. Oh, they have the raincoat. If you want the rain coat, >> they have the lug wicked bag. I have the pink version I got at one of the lug events that we went to. >> It's like a perfect size. >> That's so cute. >> It's really cute. >> I have a smaller like their standard kind of cross body, but it's a little bigger than the just a little. >> See, sometimes the little ones don't fit >> all the things. Like if I have my camera >> I love them. Like they're great if you're just running to like the grocery store or whatever. Something quick. about >> or if you're not like a pack mule like I am. >> Well, that's the problem. >> Uhhuh. >> Those little bags. >> Yep. >> Sometimes you need a backpack and the little bag. >> House of black. It it true. Actually, I do that sometimes. >> Mhm. >> Wait, what's that? That gray thing. Makeup case. >> Or I think so. >> Whatever you want it for. Oh, that's >> whatever you want it for. >> School supplies. Mhm. Nice. Like I hear something back there. I'm like, is it a magic trick or is it a >> pins? You know, Disney and Universal >> pins. Yep. Mhm. >> So many uses for these. >> I could I could see a lot. >> Team Ravenclaw. >> Oh, yeah. Or the little uh blind box figures you could put in there >> if you don't have a place on your shelf. >> Tim, you're only $29.99. Tim is sticking out his tongue at everyone. Fernando Universal Creative 299. It's been a minute. Magical Monday at Universal. Oh, hey Fernando. Thank you so much for the 299 super chat and thanks for being here. Yeah, we're excited to be back at Universal. It has been a minute. We're enjoying it. Oh, they have your characters. >> Oh boy. >> Here, too. >> The other place. >> No traies. Great. No, >> they also have Oh, what's this one? Wait, this is different. >> Kung Fu Panda. >> A I haven't seen those. >> Those are really cute. >> Oh, >> I'm not into kung fu as much panda, but they're cute. >> They are. There's the dragon ones. I was going to say, where's the dragons? Here they are. >> So, these are 20. These um I assume are 20. >> Yep. And these probably are a little more cuz they're bigger. >> I think they're 22. >> 22. Yep. 22. Nice. Of course, you get your you do get your discount on these unlike at the Dropbox store. >> Yep. >> Um you don't get your discount, >> your AP discount. >> That's a fun shirt. I can see Josh liking that one >> or Brit. >> All right, this is the time to shop. Nobody's in here. >> I know. you like seriously want to get souvenirs or whatever. It's so much quieter in the morning in the shops. >> It is. Oh, that is cute. I could totally see you wearing that. Adorbs >> add to carton. >> Add to cart. >> Add to wish list. Yeah, this is a good good time. They have Marty girl stuff here too if you guys were wondering. >> Marty girl. >> Yeah, they got Ivonne shirt. she got the other night. Sparkly. >> We were talking about this. >> It is so cute. It was adorable on her. >> So cute. >> We have all the Super Nintendo merch. Don't think there's anything new in Super Nintendo merch right now. I really want this Yoshi hoodie. >> Yeah, this stuff is Oh, that's that's really >> I have the t-shirt. I love the bright orange. >> $79. >> I know. I have it. I haven't worn it yet, but I have it. >> You can wear it with you. You know, the sweatshirt. >> Mhm. >> Are you allowed to film the horror makeup show? >> Oh, okay. >> Jesse says yes. >> They even tell you that you're welcome to. >> Okay, that is a really good show. >> Do you have ones based off of Shrek? Um, yeah, they did have some Shrek stuff >> somewhere back there. >> How is Britt doing? and Brett is doing well. They just don't have um Disneyland tickets right now, so they're not able to stream for us as much. They have the toothless headband. He's so cute. All right, are we ready to head to the other side? the Princess Daisy stuff. Aw, love that. All right, so it's just a short little walk over to the Universal side. I do love that about these two parks. So easy to get back and forth. Epic's a little far away. >> I actually am okay with that right now because I would be so sad if I saw it and couldn't get in it. Oh, that's that's a very good point >> right >> now. Later when they add it to the AP, then I'm going to be like, man, I wish it was closer. It looks like they're doing some work over here or just don't have any merch right now. The powerup bands, that's a great question. I don't know how much they are now. I think they've discounted them, but if they're in the shop, we'll check them out on the other side. Okay, let's take a cuties this way. Oh, we'll get to see some of the construction as we go by for the new um what is it? Uh >> oh, yeah, the um >> you know, that's it. I was like speed cars. Fast and Furious roller coaster. >> Waterpool. >> Waterpool. >> Yeah. If you watch my first cruise vlog, you'll know what water pool means. That was funny. And yeah, please go watch the vlogs over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. Happy Monday, Jessica. Oh, I'm glad you're excited for Universal. We love coming here, too. He's like Stitch's cousin since they were both created by Chris Sanders. >> Wait, who? How to train your dragon? Is that what we're talking about? We're talking Are we talking about Toothless? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Maybe he didn't say, but I bet that's what you mean. >> Angry speed car movie. >> Yep. >> Great. Oh, thank you, Sandra. Um, so Marty Girl goes on here at Universal until I think the end of March. We're going to find out. It's on the little medallion as we go in. >> We'll see. Got the Tootsum Chocolate Emporium over here. Hard Rock Cafe next to it. >> My favorite Margaritavville across. >> Me too. Margarita. How far away is Epic? I would say Do you want to go up? I don't know if it matters. Um, I would say it's probably what, a 20 minute drive from here. 15. I'm not sure. I've actually never driven from here to Epic, so I don't know. Hi, Streamfinder. How are you today? Happy sunny Monday, Lee. How are you? Thanks for popping in, everybody. We're going to head right back to um Harry Potter area and get some treats cuz you know, treats before lunch. Or just treats for lunch. >> Or that. I like that. Okay. >> Perfect. And you guys could get Starbucks if you still need it. >> Oh, Andy. Thank you, Andy. He said, "Universal Marty Girl goes till April 4th." Wow. Late this year. Oh, sorry. We should have stayed down. >> Oh, well, we'll get our steps. You looked it up on Apple Maps and it says it's only 8 minutes. Really? >> How many? >> 8 minutes >> from here. >> Okay. >> There's no traffic. >> That would make sense since they run the resort buses. >> That's true. Good point. Okay. Too far away. >> I know they've got some new roads open, so maybe that helps with the >> with the traffic. Yeah, >> they really redid that area. >> All right, we're going to go down the stepies. >> No tricks, just treats. >> Okay, the bus ride to Citywalk from Epic is less than 10 minutes. Okay, so eight minutes makes sense. >> Okay, >> I was way off. Sorry, guys. Yeah. So, not far. >> No. >> Thank you, Streamfinder. I'm glad you're enjoying the walk around Universal today. >> Tim says, "I took a bus from Epic. It's anywhere between 15 to 20." Okay. >> So, it probably depends on traffic, too. You know, there's a lot of traffic or not. >> It's a busy area of Orlando. >> It is. And this is where they're making that new coaster behind here. >> That's why the walkway is a little weird. And then these boats take you back and forth to the different uh Universal Resorts. >> Some of them you can get by boat, some of them you have to take a bus like the Cabana Bay. >> Uh Helios, of course. Epic. >> Trying to think. Surfside and dockside. I think those you have to take a bus. >> All right, Tim. Have a good lunch. when I was in college. >> I love that, John. >> Speaking of treats, what's your favorite sweet treat at OMK? Oh my goodness, I didn't answer that, did I? >> Huh? I mean, I love a good coconut doip. I love I'm trying to think. Um, the peanut butter M&amp;M cookie pie thing from the sweet shop. I love that. Um, >> I don't know. Hi, Carly. How are you? Welcome in. >> It doesn't seem overly crowded today. At least to me. Wait, do they paint all this white? >> Wasn't it that color? >> Or am I remembering things? >> I honestly can't remember. >> I feel like it was that color >> cuz we're usually just like >> like look under there. That's the same color as that. >> Yeah, you're right. >> I bet they color colored it. They colored it. >> They did a really good job in the line. >> They got their markers out. And that's funny. >> They had leftover things from your castle house. >> Yes, exactly. >> They brought it over. >> Yeah, that looks different. I wonder >> kind of look like a paint. So, I actually wonder if they're going to freshen up the paint. >> You're probably right. They'll probably go back over with the other one. >> I like it this color. >> I don't mind it. Very clean. Yeah. >> It does. Yeah. Well, we'll see. >> Yep. >> It smells fresh. >> There's the proof. >> The what? >> So, there's the proof. >> The proof. Oh, yeah. >> Crazy. >> Yep. >> Uh, yeah. >> Yeah. Oh, yeah. I got to get my pass out. All right. So, they do the facial recognition here. Pretty easy. They scan your pass. You stand there and it kind of takes like a little picture of you and let you know if you're good to go. Thank you. >> All right, guys. We're in. >> And it's Marty girl. All right. Let's go in the treat shop. >> I'm curious what they have in there. they have anything butterbeer. I kind of doubt it, but let's go check. >> Then they should have some Marty Grout tweets in here, too. I haven't checked those out yet this year. >> Ooh, the cake looks good. >> I don't know what it is, but it looks delicious. Oh, and they have the king cake, but it looks a little different. >> Oh, yeah, it does. >> Mini king a king cake. Okay. >> Say that 10 times fast. >> Mhm. Yeah, exactly. They have a Bailey's macaron, salted caramel, maple bourbon, kingake, lavender, and banana rum. Banana smells good. Crazy. >> One of it. One of each. Itch. All right. Well, they did have some treats in here. >> Oh, no. So sad. All right. Oh. >> I'll just walk slowly. >> All right, guys. Are beignet at French Quarter or at Universal better? You know, I haven't had the ones at French Quarter in a little in a little minute. So, I really like the ones from here. I'm not going to lie. Um, I do like the ones at French Quarter. I like them better than the ones at Magic Kingdom. Those are not my favorite. The ones at Magic Kingdom. I wish I liked them more, but yeah. My favorite ride in Universal is probably Hagrids, Gringots. It's all the Harry Potter rides. um and Forbidden Journey, but I also really love the classic ET. You can't go wrong. What's your recommendation for a visit Universal? What's the best time of year for really low times? I would say I would say the best time to come is like right after HHN, >> right before Christmas and right out if you want low crowds. if you don't mind missing HHN or come at the end of HHN and then stay after. Um cuz it's pretty dead after that. See what I did there? >> Too funny. >> Yeah, the MK beignet are Have you had those MK? >> Yes. >> Not good. >> We were disappointed. >> So disappointed. The ones here I might like better than the ones at Port Orleans. >> So good. >> They're amazing. >> I agree with that. >> I love Port Orleans. >> They're good there, too. But >> and Disneyland. >> Yeah, Disneylands are really good. Can't go wrong. All right. Well, we're going to go back to uh Diagon Alley. Diagonal and uh get some more treats. Yeah. right before they start all their Christmas stuff, before um Thanksgiving, you know that like week one or you know the first week or second week of November, I would say are a great time to visit. Oh, look. The weather's nice. >> Forget her name. What is her name? >> She's from Despicable Me. >> Yeah, we were getting the kids names mixed up yesterday. >> Agnes. No, that's a baby. That's a little >> Margo. That's it. Yeah, Agnes is the little one. And then who's the middle one? >> Edith. >> Edith. Good job. >> Yes. >> Thanks for >> Yes. The gorals. Thanks for um almost 600 likes. Keep on bopping and subscribing if you're new, guys. Would love to add you to the resort hopper family. Here's our subtle banana popcorn. And I would say my favorite thing from the Marty Gro food booth besides the beignet is the pancake >> uh dessert. >> That was so good >> in Austria. It's pancake pieces. If you've not seen my Marty Gro video over on Resort TV1, go check it out. But it's pancake pieces with applesauce and lingberry dips. >> Yeah. >> Amazing. It looks like something tore up a pancake and put it in a and it just >> but it tastes so good. >> So good. It's amazing. Tim says, "Can we stop for subtle banana popcorn? Maybe later." Tim, look at hashtag. >> Jesse and I really love the Puerto Rico right here where they have that kebab. >> Yeah, I've had that this year. Okay, >> I'm going to fill my water and then I'll find you guys. >> Sounds good. >> Pretty good pina colada. >> And they do have a Yeah, I haven't had it this year, but I've had it >> actually pass. And it was very good. >> Do they have something here? Oh, this is the grease booth. >> Yeah. >> Spanicopa. >> Lemon juice, simple syrup, cucumber essence, and mint. >> I mean, that could be surprisingly good. >> It could be. Let's go say hi to hashtag. He's really dancing it up. >> He's waiting to meet you. >> I know. Oh, they're going to meet him. >> So cute. >> I love it. >> Woot woop. >> He was about to twerk. Did you see that? That was adorable. So, here's your official sign. And we're getting Fast and the Furious Hollywood Drift. It should be Orlando Drift. I'm just saying. I agree. >> New roller coaster coming in 2027. All right, they're done. Say hi. >> Hi. Hi. How are you today? That was a great dance. I've got to say I loved it. Can I see some more some more moves? All right. All right. Thank you. All right. No more. Yeah. Oh, he likes our ears. Yes. Thank you. Thank you so much. All right, have a good day. >> Bye. >> Bye. They're dancing down here. Hi. I asked him to dance again and he didn't must not heard me. He just stood there and waved. Cookie. Here's the Puerto Rico booth. >> Delicious. Yes, ma'am. >> Last night, Julian got the fritters from there also. He said they were good. >> I wanted to try those. They sound good. Yeah. Okay, good to know. Hi, Michael. Oh, it opens in Hollywood this summer. Okay, cool. Hi, Tracy. Sounds like the dancers just got done cuz I don't see them, but I hear them. Have you been back in the arcade since they took all the HHN stuff down? >> Actually, no. >> Let's go in there. I'm curious. >> I haven't either. Finigans is closed for refurb. So during HHN, the Palace Arcade was the tribute store. It wasn't the best tribute store they've ever done, but they had limited space, I guess. >> I hope this year they'll put it up front if they're not going to use the space back here. All right, let's go. Oh, yeah. Look, they still they have all the games back in there. Interesting. something else. >> Okay. It does look way different. >> All right. They did a good job transforming it. >> Yeah, >> cuz it looks like a plain old building now. >> Yeah. >> Crazy. >> Okay. All right. And then this is the um exit of the mummy, but this they also use as part of the um agent store. That's cute. >> They still have a sign for the Museum of Antiquities. Oh, they have a creature mug. That's cute. Oh, >> there's a guy in here. He's very tall. >> Tall man. >> Tall man. >> Hey, proud patriot. >> Have we gone back to the future? No. No, we have not. They don't have that ride anymore, unfortunately. I wish they still had it. It was a good ride. Which one? >> Uh, Back to the Future. >> A Yeah. So good. >> All right. Harry Potter Land, here we come. >> He didn't look real. I know. He was standing. He would scare somebody back there. That was a good spot for him. And Starbucks is right here. You guys haven't been here before. It's on the corner of the street. Good morning, Olly Roger. How are you? Yeah, it definitely can for sure. You thought it was a good animatronic. Yeah. >> Ah, a breeze. >> Yes, that breeze feels great. >> We're in trouble this summer if we think it's hot. >> I know. They have Bloody Marys over there. I'm not a big fan. I've never been a fan of Bloody Marys. >> With Jackarly. >> With what? >> Jack links. >> Jack links. Oh, interesting. >> Okay. >> Hello, Mr. Pigeon. Looks like they're working on the >> water show. >> Always wanted to go to Harry Potter. Well, awesome. We're going to take you there today. Let's go. There's not as many places to sit here, so we might have to take our treats and come out >> here somewhere, which is fine. They have plenty of tables. Back to the Future ride is coming 2031 at UK Universal inside of Back to the Future themed land. What? Fernando Back to the Future Land. >> Fernando Universal Creative just said that. That is amazing. I have to go to the UK now. >> Turn that back into the >> Right. Take Simpsons land away. Sorry. >> I mean, >> girls trip to the UK land. >> That would be amazing. I would go there. Oh, that would be really fun, >> right? >> Yeah. >> Let's go. Let's start saving our pennies. >> Mhm. >> We've only talked about like other That would be a really fun girl rehearsal. >> Uh-huh. >> When it opens. >> Hey, Bruce. >> Okay. Oh, yeah. There's There's Brucey. >> I kind of want to try the margarita or margarita. >> Okay. Me, too. >> The shark drink. And Jesse's like, "Margarita, sign me up." >> The chomp chomp. >> Yeah, the chomp chomp. I don't know if that's the name, but that's what we're calling it. The chomp chomp. Get some streaky bacon while you're there. Okay, I got to try the streaky bacon. This is where you get that dessert. We were talking about the pancake one. It's got a different name. >> Delicious. >> So good. Quasers. >> Kaiser. >> Kaiser. There you go. You got it. >> Fluffy torn pancake pistas dusted with powdered sugar served with applesauce and lingberry jam. Highly recommend. >> It's right here. Tim says, "How about a friends trip?" >> Tim, you're part of the girls. It's fine. >> Girls plus Tim. >> Yeah. Girls plus Tim. If you think this is hot, I think you're going back to your Southern California root. >> Well, it's been so chilly for Florida this year. This feels weird. Is there a butterita? Oh my word, that would be amazing. A butterbeer margarita. >> Interesting. >> I'd try it. >> Uh-huh. I agree. >> Yeah. >> I agree. >> Good point. >> Love that >> cuz it would be really sweet. The train's only 10 minutes. Okay, everybody ready to get their wands out? We're going into Harry Potter World. >> Wands at the ready. Yes, me too. I think this is one of the best entrances into a land. It's just so good. >> Mhm. >> I remember the first time I came in, I was like, y'all on the ground. Welcome to Diagon Ellie. >> The Greens ride is one of my favorites. >> Oh, yeah. I know. I love that one, too. All right, straight to the candy. >> Don't get any puking pastels. >> I got lost. You have too. >> Oh, sad sad day. They don't have anything here. A sad day >> out. >> Guess we could ask. >> Do you not have any of the butterbeer treats here? Is it all on the other side or you just sold out? >> We sold out yesterday. >> Wow. Okay, good to know. Thank you. >> They're gone. >> I know. They didn't plan very well, did they? >> I'm curious if they're going to have >> Yeah. Apparently, we should have gotten Well, all they had was a cupcake on the inside, right? >> So, I'm curious as though if they'll if they're creating more. >> Oh, yeah. >> Wow. >> Or if day one like >> I'm sure they'll have more. >> It must have been busy. >> That is crazy. >> Okay. Oh, I'm glad we got the waffle at least. >> Yes. >> Sad story. >> Tim says, "Butterbe ice cream. They do have the butterbeer ice lolly. Have you guys ever had that? >> No. >> It's pretty good. >> Yeah. >> So, was there other Well, where do you get the um creme brulee? >> Yeah. You want to go there? >> Let's go. >> Sorry everybody. We thought we were going to be trying all the things, but uh apparently we'll have to come back. This is olivander. So they have one on both sides which is great. >> Such a pretty sky today. >> Let's go see some creatures. While he's on a bunk apparently, >> that's right. Butterbe season season part two coming up. So cute. I almost brought him today >> or her. Her. >> Did I tell you the story of this? >> No. how I got it. >> No, >> I didn't tell you. Okay. So, I came one day just to hang out with Kelly and Ione to get out of the house so soon after Chloe and everything. And so, um, and Dale had work to do. So, met him the other afternoon and they went in to get ice cream and I didn't for like ice cream. I had gotten uh banana popcorn. So, I'm just standing cuz it was a long line just right outside the ice cream place and I'm just eating my popcorn and this team member walks over and she goes, "Hey, do you want a boat truck?" And I was like, "A what?" She goes, "Do you want a boatle?" I was like, "Sure." her. She's like, "Follow me." So, she brings me in here and I think she wanted to give me this guy, but they were out. They were sold out. So, she's like, "Pick anything else you want." >> Oh my goodness. >> So, I picked I picked him. He's from the Epic Show. The >> Yeah. Anyway, how sweet was that? >> She made my day. >> Very special. >> It was the cutest thing ever. I was Yeah. She goes, "You were just over there hanging out. I figured I'd make your day." I'm like, "Well, you did." >> I know. Oh, isn't he adorable? I would have totally picked him if he was there. >> Pick it. But he was cute, too. He's like a little kelp kelp horse. >> It was hard. >> I'd stand there forever. >> I It was hard, let me tell you. >> I mean, within reason. Like, I couldn't have any of the >> expensive guys. I know. Those are cute. He's cute. Oh, let's go see the dragon. He's about to blow. Sorry. So good. All right. Well, let's go to Diagonelli. I mean, Nocturn Alley. We're in Diagonal. Diagon Alley. Welcome in if you're just joining us, guys. Appreciate you stopping by. Keep bopping that like button. Share out the stream. Today would have been a good day to bring um the wand that you do with the app or whatever. Have you guys gotten any new wands yet? >> Oh my goodness, they're so fun. You get to do your your patronis over here. Mine's a dog. It's really cute. >> I can't see. Okay, they need a little more light here. I can see there's a car right here. Don't run into it. I feel like I'm in an H chin house. Yeah, no journali. >> So that one right there is where you um do your little trick and then your patronis comes out whatever you pick. So you go on the app, you pick which one you want >> cuz my other one So I have two interactive ones that you can do that. So I have two, one is a dog and one is a dolphin. >> So cute. >> We did on the stream one night. It was so fun. >> Hi Anthony. pick three assigned to the wand or you go on the app and you pick whatever you want. You put your your um >> I was going to say class. You pick your That's it. House. You pick your house and then you pick your petronis. >> Yeah. It's cool. It's fun. >> The wands are a little more but they are they vibrate. They light up. >> And those are the ones you get in there. >> You No, you can get them here now, too. Yeah. Instagram. >> Yeah. >> Let's see. Well, let's chat about um dreamtable.co. dreamtable.co. If you guys are wanting to get a really hard to get reservation in Walt Disney World, dreamtable.co will help you get that reservation. Again, dreamtable.co. Um, all you have to do is go over there and download the app and then put in the restaurant that you're looking for, the date, the how many people, all the information, and then they will contact you whenever the reservation becomes available. So, they'll notifi notify you and then um you go over to the Disney app and then you put in or you go in and try to make the reservation. Again, dreamtable.com. Check them out. Well, that's a bummer. I was excited for more treats. >> Me, too. >> Me, too. >> Let's go into Madame Milkins. It's where you get your robes. Let's see if there's anything different in here. And maybe not. I was going to go in there, but it's very squishy. >> Did you guys want any other things, butterbeers or anything before we leave this land? Good. Okay. Sitting outside in the balcony of our hotel. The weather is just absolutely phenomenal. It is great, isn't it? >> I know. There's no humidity. That's what I'm loving. >> Well, why don't we try something from a food booth? >> I like it. Which one should we do? >> It's a chunk margarita. Okay, let's do it. It's right here. >> Let's get a pancake. >> I love that plan, too. >> Yes, pancakes. Cuz we were really wanting something sweet. That's what we were coming over here to get. >> All right. Pancakes and a margarita. >> Mhm. >> Or whatever it is. >> We should have brought our refillable cups. >> I know. >> I don't know that that one counts anymore. >> I don't think it does. Oh, that one. Okay. >> I I thought you meant a food booth. >> Yeah, I know. But we still could have brought them. >> Yep. >> Just for fun. >> Just for funsies. >> In case you want a pinata. >> Yeah. I haven't had one yet. >> A pinana. >> They're delicious. >> They are really good. So yeah, we'll we'll try out these pancake things that we've been telling you guys about. Now you can actually see them a little bit better. Even though it is on my vlog over on Adventures of Jenn and Dale. If you've not seen it, check out that Marty Gro vlog. It was fun. >> Just I can grab it. >> Grab the pancake. Okay. Sounds good. >> Thank you. >> I can try to find a table in the shade over by Bruce somewhere. >> This is the Fast and the Furious ride right now. Oh, and this is where you exit for it. >> Oh, it is bright. We also got to plug you guys in here soon. >> Oh, yeah. Okay. So, here is where you get that margarita or not margarita, whatever drink, shark drink. And we might need to do that today. We'll see. We'll see. Curious what it is. I'll have to see what the ingredients are. Oh, fizzy flint. >> All right, girls. We're going to sit here and so I can plug you guys in, get you some charge, and we're going to try some treats. I was going to say Margaritaville treats, but Marty girl. Oh my goodness. So funny. Let's see here. Where did my stand go? Okay, it's in here somewhere. H seriously though. Oh, I put it in the pocket. That was smart of me. All right, guys. Also, go check out Behind the Ride and Disney Demystified by David Mower on Amazon if you guys are wanting to uh, you know, learn all the Disney things and how your favorite rides are created. Um, that's behind the ride. And then if you want to, you know, impress your friends with your Disney knowledge, that's Disney Demystified. You can get the ebook, the hard coverver copy, or the audio book for Disney Demystified on Amazon, guys. Go check it out. And the battery is going quicker today. I think cuz it's warmer than it has been. Not Not that it's hot, just warmer. >> All right. Hope you guys are having a good day so far. >> A good magical Monday. Let me look up the temperature. Hang on. We're supposed to get up to like 78 or 9 today. Let's see. Seems it is 78. 78 feels like 80. Beautiful. Thanks for 600 likes everybody. So this right? No, that's Animal Actors. This right here. So, this is all Simpsons Land right here. This is the Simpsons ride. Used to be the Back to the Future ride. And what I want them to do is make this whole area right here Back to the Future Land. How cool would that be? Yay. Thank you. Oh my goodness. Look at these. Mhm. They're amazing. >> Yeah. It doesn't look as exciting as it tastes. >> Oh, wait. Should I bring >> Oh, should you bring it? >> Yeah. Is that okay? >> Can you hold the table? >> Cuz it's a whole show, I guess. >> Yes. Oh, no. No. I'm happy to. >> Okay. Do you want anything? >> Um, I don't know if I can get more than one drink. >> I'll have my water. >> Okay. >> Yeah, I might get one after we see how you like yours. >> Okay. >> All right. Let's go, >> guys. So, the with this drink, they do a whole little show. We're going to check it out. You You got the fork. >> I got all the forks. >> I meant the fort. You You're holding down the fork. >> Look at >> the fork and the fork. >> Well, that's funny that they don't have it here now. They have it on the side. >> Yeah. Hey, we're going to check this out. Hopefully, he does a good job. >> I know. >> I wonder how many people order it by just saying, "Oh, boy." >> Oh, boy. Here we go. Masquerade Bruce. Oh my word. That's amazing. Just the name. Oops. Sorry guys, I pulled on the gimbals. >> Yep. It's had a margarita. Oh, okay. And Mara was asking what everybody's favorite treat is at Universal. That's hard. There's so many good ones. >> Hi, uh, Jazz. How are you? >> I mean, during the festivals is always fun to try all the things. They always have treats for each different thing. Um, HHN treats, >> Marty girl treats. I was at the trifle cakes. I seem to like those a lot. I'm kind of curious about the Margaritavville one. >> They're gonna do one. >> No. Okay. >> Marty Gro started with an M. >> Marty Gro. >> That'd be funny if we walked up. Can we have a Martyville? >> Margaritavville. >> Margarita. >> Margarita. He'd be like, "Uh, >> it's just a lady's medical." >> Oh my god. >> They also have a bayou bite. It looks like it's got Captain Morgan spice rum, >> blackberry brandy, >> a banana. >> Oo, >> orange juice, pineapple juice, grenadine. >> Grenardine. Okay. >> Good afternoon, Plymouth Rock. How are you today? >> Be ninja watching. Awesome. Just like Tim, that's funny. >> Oh, go >> All right, guys. It's almost time for Jesse's chomp chomp drink. >> What do you think he'd do if I ordered? >> He'd be like, "I'm excuse me." What? >> If he was in a in a fun mood, he'd probably just make it up for you and be like, "Okay. Wow, it's a put your hair up kind of thing. >> I wasn't ready for this. >> We ate at Lombard's Landing when we were last Oh, yeah. That Have you ever eaten at Lombard? >> It's delicious. If you like something, >> no worries. So this is the Marty Gro yummies. >> The regular Bruce is the blue one, right? Not the masquerade Bruce. >> Did you hear that one? I just want to prize. >> Anything else for you to say? Thank you. >> The ocean again. >> Oh, you're right. You're right. It's not the Bruce. >> The ocean's attack. That's right. I forgot about that. >> Don Q Coco rum. >> I know. >> Bruce is basically margarita. Oh, it sure is. >> Blue carousel, pineapple juice, Sprite, Dash Gren. It's delicious. It's a very just like refreshing drink. >> Curious how this one's going to be. >> No, not today, man. One day hopefully. >> 96565. Sorry you're tired of the cold. I totally get it. It's >> why I moved here. >> Hi guys. How we doing? >> Hello. >> I won't be able to make it for you today. Actually, I don't have any caffeine. >> Sad. >> Yeah. I mean, I can definitely try to do a picardi for you. I just can't guarantee it probably tastes the same. It's more like a rum. >> What if we just did the regular? >> I've had it before. >> No. >> Anything else for us today? >> I'm good. Thank you. >> That is heavier than normal. >> Good catch. I'm local. >> She's I'm local. She's from >> the next one. >> We have some Marty girl treats to try. >> There's gumbo. Gumbo's pretty good. >> The gumbo. Okay. >> I was like pretty impressed. >> Nice. All right. You ask play along. >> Uhhuh. >> We're going to have here. Raise those arms up. >> I love his little hat. That was so cute. >> Adorbs 17. Thank you so much. Have a good day. >> Thank you. >> Oh, sorry. It is adorable though. It is. >> We still got a show. >> Exactly. >> And I technically have had it, but I haven't done the show part. >> Oh, you haven't? Okay. >> I wanted him to know. >> Yes. That was awesome. >> I I ate twoirds of one, so the rest are for you guys to share. >> A thank you. Here. Thank you. >> Well, it was warm. So, they were out of the masquerade one because they didn't have the one rum. >> Captain Morgan's I think. >> Did they run out yesterday? >> Probably >> apparently really busy. >> You guys were here. Did it seem busier than Saturday? >> Um, >> I didn't think so, but Saturday we were >> Wait, what? We did some Well, we have the express, but I didn't It didn't feel as busy to me. I felt like Saturday would have been busier because of the concert. But >> yeah, >> but it also was the first day of the Yesterday was the first day of the butterbeer. >> Yeah, I didn't think it felt any busier than any other day we've been here. >> Hi, Howard. >> Definitely cleared out since there was no concert after the parade. >> It definitely got after the parade. Yeah. So, >> that makes sense. >> It was a fun time to ride the mummy with Jesse and Julian. >> Fun. All right, we're gonna see how Jesse likes her drink here. I'm gonna selfie us. Is that okay? >> Yes. >> Push the right button. There we go. Okay. All right. So, this was blue cir. I don't remember what else. Rum. >> Rum. >> Grenadine. I think that's the red, right? I don't know. >> And a Bruce. >> And Bruce. Exactly. >> Oh, Sprite. Makes it delicious. I mean, freshy. >> It's a classic. >> Mhm. >> Almost like a pin colada without the pineapple. >> Oh, there you go. >> Yeah, cuz the other one had pineapple and orange. >> Yeah, >> the Marty girl one. >> And he was going to use what rum? >> He said he could use a party, I believe, which is >> notice spiced. >> So, it give it a little different flavor. >> But Bruce still had his Marty party hat on. >> He did. And it was adorable. I just want to buy that. >> Mhm. >> Can we buy that? >> All right. >> So delicious. >> Is this your fork or my fork? >> Oh, that one's yours. And throw mine away. Yep. >> I'm like, let me just pick up your fork and then >> All right, let's try this. >> Try it. So, you can you guys can split that one up. Oh, >> I'll try it. >> However you I mean, I'm fine with just this. >> A little more. >> Okay. If I can do this gracefully. You got it. >> Two3. Two3. Two/3. >> So like you said three/3. >> John says, "Hi." Seriously, Jesse, >> this is delicious. >> Right. >> I definitely taste the coconut. >> Yeah. Oh, so there's coconut. There you go. It is a bit pinky. >> Mhm. Mhm. >> There you go. Thanks. >> You need more berries and >> I don't know what happened to yours, right, Jessica? >> It's gone. All right, guys. So again, it's it's they're little pancake pieces and then you've got applesauce and linganberries that you dip it in. >> So simple, but so good. >> Mhm. >> And the shade feels amazing. >> It sure does. >> Oh, thank you. >> I saw that. Cute. >> The pancakes are like if you combined pancakes and uh shortbread cookie dough. >> Oh. >> Oh my word. You're right. >> Mhm. >> It does have that little shortbread >> Mhm. >> flavor. >> We were watching her make the pancake and and she may have been sprinkling some butter around it. Some liqufied butter if it was making the shortbread. I'm >> gives it that buttery shortbread flavor. >> So good. So, apparently all we're having today is breakfast. I tried the meatballs in Burke on Jenna's suggestion. Oh, the meatballs. >> Wait, in in Burke? In Berkeley? Do you mean Burke? Um, I'm trying to think where those are. >> Oh, in the restaurant in Burke, probably. >> Oh, those are good. >> There's so many good places to eat in Epic. >> Mhm. >> I know. I kind of want to go even though I know it's busy, but you can still have fun. Like, >> yeah. >> Eat, drink, >> and be merry. >> And be merry and shop. M. Okay. Amazing. It corrected it to Berkeley. That's funny. Yes. Is of B. There you go. I thought that's what you meant. >> Are you getting one? Oh, wait. I should drink my water first. >> He was really good, but you could tell he was a little >> like shyish, which I thought was cute. >> Mhm. >> Cuz you were He was like, "Have you seen this before?" Almost like, "Do you really want me to do this?" >> Exactly. That's why I said I hadn't cuz >> really Yes. Juicy when I'm holding it. >> I know. Hi, Diane. >> He did great. >> He did. He did a great job. There's one guy that worked there. >> Uhhuh. >> Like an older >> I know who you're talking about. He is like the OG. >> Mhm. >> Forgot his name. >> Me too. >> I've gotten a drink from him, but it wasn't that one. >> Okay. I've gotten this drink from him. >> Yeah. >> Tim says, "I'll eat, drink, and be Tim. Not Mary." >> Tim with the oneliners. >> It's a sign. I have to go. >> I'm working on a project at work called Berkeley. Oh, that's so funny. >> Sorry, Amara. >> We're hungry. >> No leftovers today. >> Yeah, we practically ran a marathon. >> Mhm. It was a 5K, but you know, think of all the calories burned. >> By the time I was done with Friday Night Live and got home, I had over 30,000 steps. >> Yes, >> that was insane. >> So many steps that day. >> So, you definitely did a half marathon in walking. >> Mhm. >> I sure did. >> And then the next day, you threw beads, which is also >> a surprising workout. I know. >> Hey, Aaron, how are you? It is a workout. >> It's like a different muscle that you don't normally use. >> Also, when you play top ball, it's a different muscle. >> Like, it kind of hurt my back cuz the way you're swinging your back. >> Yes, I did hurt my back the last time I did top ball. >> Me, too. >> I pulled something that doesn't normally >> something you don't normally eat. Yeah. >> Is Universal more walking than Disney? >> If you go from one park to the other, >> maybe. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Otherwise, I don't think so. I think it's more compact. >> Mhm. >> Yes. Yeah. >> Because of the stairs. >> Uhhuh. >> They do like stairs. I think Disney is more I think the parks are >> especially if you park in the GTC >> at Magic, that's the most you're going to walk because you have to walk all the way from the parking lot to the front or I guess most people take the trail. >> I don't know. >> That's a good point though because sometimes from the garage here into the park is a long walk. >> It's a lot of steps. >> They do have those moving sidewalks. >> Yeah, they do help >> help. Here's my current packing status. 15 shirts, eight socks. >> Good job. >> Did you have enough? Oh, yeah. Me, too. >> Okay. >> Thank you. >> Mhm. Thank you >> for the pancakes. We just did. >> That's funny. >> Islands is a lot of walking if you backtrack. That's true >> cuz you have to go around the water. >> Here. I mean, you go around this water, I guess, but it doesn't seem as big as this park seems smaller to me. I to me. Me, too. Okay. Yeah. >> Hi, V Peter. How are you today? I got to get a Bruce on Bruce picture. Love that. >> At Epcot, you get your steps in. Mhm. Kind of the same thing. You have to go around the water. >> Cruise on cruise. Wondering if you can walk Islands, Epic, and Universal in one day. >> Well, you can, but >> you could. You just have to take a bus to Epic. >> That's the only difference. >> Yummy. >> All right. I've never gone on that um Simpsons ride, but it's also kind of like the Dumbo sort of ride, but that's another one that's kind of a the twirl and ride. >> You're right. I always forget about those spinning. >> And for the person who was asking about thrill rides, >> I think one of the best things about Universal Parks are the shows, >> which are an attraction, but they're just so well done. Like the makeup show or the epic the drag how to train your dragon show is >> so good. >> Bring tissue. >> Yes. >> So good. >> Bring them. >> It is good. And oh look there's Doc is meeting by the Delorean. Okay. I've not seen that. >> Cool. >> I don't think I've ever seen him over there. >> Oh, and the animal actor show. >> I know. I love the animal show. Guys, do you see Doc Brown right here? >> He's got his plutonium outfit on. >> As you do. On Saturday when we came to meet you guys and do the parade, he had his little not big helmet thing that he has on one of the movies >> where he's trying to read Marty's mind. >> Tim says, "As soon as we get APs for Epic, I'll be hopping to all the parks." Same same. You haven't done the horror and makeup show. It is good. It's very good. >> It's really funny >> and you learn a lot of cool things. >> You do? >> Yes. >> It's got cool history. >> Yep. >> The Born Show is fun, too. You cannot film that one show. Oh, you can't? >> I don't think so. >> That's a really good show. >> You can film the animal actors. >> You can also film the tupless show in Epic, which I love. You cannot film the Harry Potter one. >> Not yet. Okay. As far as I know, >> Sandra, we just showed you. Sorry if you rewind a little bit. It was the pancakes from Austria. They were delicious. >> They're gone now. >> Sorry. >> No more to see. >> No more at home. >> Mhm. >> The pancakes. Yeah. >> Pancakes. >> Put lots of >> powdered sugar and butter on them. >> Cut them up into just random pieces. >> Uhhuh. with some applesauce and your sort of jam of choice on the side. >> Strawberry would be good, too. You don't have lingberry, which most of us don't, unless you go to IKEA. >> They have lingberry there. Sorry, guys. Trying to unzoom. There we go. Um, okay. So, for the Martyra booth, there's I think there's one right there or two. No, there is two. Two on the bridge. Okay. We didn't make it that far. I don't know if there's any between here and the ones we saw Saturday, >> like Brazil. >> Oh, they had cheese bread in Brazil. >> Yeah, that cheese bread looked good. >> Really good. >> We We wanted to We were going to try that >> when we went back to ask about the drink. >> Oh, yeah. >> Yesterday. >> Yeah. So, mom and I were here either it was either the end of January or 1st of February. I can't remember, but we were sitting Oh, thank you. Oh, boy. >> I'll throw it away. >> Oh, thank you. >> Right here. >> And there were seagulls everywhere. And now they're not here. >> Oh, there they are. They heard you. >> Okay, never mind. >> They sure did. >> You don't think we're here? Oh, >> we'll show you. >> Okay, they must have been. >> That is too funny. >> That is so funny. All right. Um, also, there was no million dollars here >> the last time I was here. >> Oh, yeah. >> I mean, it was here and now it's not here. >> It was here. >> Excuse me. Lost and found. I I lost my million dollars. Did someone turn it in? I know somebody has it. Okay, never mind. Here comes the seagulls. >> That is hilarious. >> That is so funny. Maybe cuz when mom and I were here, it was after lunch and there was probably >> and it's about lunchtime now. So, >> all right. Well, this is a nice spot to sit. >> Very nice. >> I love the view. >> Me, too. Trying to think. I guess we could um >> I don't know if I want to go all the way around. >> Maybe we could just go this way and cut over to like the ET side. >> Mhm. >> Let's do that. I like it. >> Show a couple of those boots. >> Like how we call it the ET side. >> The ET side. >> Hello, pigeon. >> Oh, also yesterday Jessica and I got the ice cream in the trolls area. >> I've not had that. pink or the blue. >> We got the blue. It was okay. Okay. >> Not that good. Okay, good to know. >> And we just got it in a cup to share. >> Okay. Okay. >> Which is nice that you can do that. >> Yeah. >> So, next time I would have tried the pink, which is straw supposed to be strawberry lemonade. >> Okay. And the blue was like >> the blue was like some sort of berry. >> Oh, yes. Yes. Yes. Okay. >> Not not as good as you were hoping. >> No. >> And it turned our lips tone >> blue. >> Uhhuh. tea. Thank you, Manoa J. >> Good to know. >> Okay. >> Where did you get your creature bag? It is so cute. He got the messy. >> Mhm. I was going to say I don't think I've seen any like it. >> All right, guys. We're going to continue walking around. See what else we can find. Everybody got everything? >> Oh, yeah. Anxious artist. I know it is hard to figure out where to go. Disney or Universal. And if you can, if you're here long enough, you can try to go to both. They're both fun. >> Let's go see what's in here. Sometimes they have different treats. Fudge special. Not not free fudge or get two free. Wow, that's >> Oh, there is free fudge. See, >> Ivonne Ivonne was right. >> Oh my good. That was funny. >> I thought there was free fudge. Yeah. See, I would try that. >> It's probably if it were buttercream frosting, that would be delicious. >> Yeah, that would be good. This also sounds intriguing cuz it's a croissant cake. >> Oh, okay. Mhm. And of course, >> thank you. You can't go wrong with macarons. >> Oh, it's my song. We used to play this in band. All right. Scooby. My Chirona. Don't copyright me. My Shirona. >> All right, everybody. We're going to head this direction. See what else we can find. What other booths we can check out. >> RTOR Burgers. They have some good burgers in there if you've never tried it. >> Sounds like they got the street dancers out again dancing. Let's get loud. Fast and Furious when they open the new one. >> They are. >> Oh, are they? Did they say that? Okay. I figured they would cuz >> Oh, the ride. It's >> not super popular. Rachel. >> The music is very fun, isn't it? >> Yeah, I've met Hello Kitty once. She's She's fun to meet. >> She's very cute. But it's been a couple years ago. It was um Well, I met her once with Jesse Mouse and then once with my mom. Nice. That's another nice thing about Universal. They have a lot of fun characters. >> So many characters. Yeah, I agree. >> So, it looks like Transformers is only 15. That's not bad for that ride. Again, that's another one of those, you know, screen >> rides. So, if you can't do those, that's that. Pigeons everywhere. Hi. >> Uh, Fast and Furious Supercharged at Universal is set to close permanently in 2027. Okay, thank you, Fernando. >> I had forgotten that. I figured, but I had forgotten. The sky is just so pretty today. It's really nice. >> Bright blue, some puffy clouds. >> Seeking in for lunch. You need a Universal trip. Yes, you do. It's so fun here. >> Going to miss U Fast and Furious Supercharged. I don't know if I'll miss it. It was an okay ride, but I get if you liked it. >> Actually, you know what? We should go down Hollywood and uh go in the shop there on the >> whatever it's called. Five and dime. >> The little five and dime. >> The little five and dime. You know they're little. >> Beetlejuice is out. >> So on Saturday we got to meet Prince Gator over there. He was adorable. But yeah, this is where they usually have a ton of characters. They'll have Beetlejuice sometimes. Sometimes Scooby-Doo in the gang, Betty Boop. I had to think about that for a second. Not Betty Bop. Yeah, Simpsons sometimes. Here is the Marty Girl tribute store, which I love. Oh, there's the Simpsons. Fun. Oh, there's there's Betty Bop. Betty Bop, >> Dale, >> Betty Boop, >> Marilyn and Betty Bop. That's so funny. Yep. The tribute store. The monster store. You make me feel alive. That's cute. Oh, they have these guys here again. >> Oh, really? Okay. All right. >> I wonder if they trade here. >> We asked them yesterday. >> No. Okay. >> Well, good to know about the other place is having fun with that. >> I love that. That's so cute. Oh, they have these. You got these in Epic, right? The bitty ones. >> The bitty ones are cute, too. They're more >> They're 24. >> Huh. >> But they do they do have something that goes with them, I guess. >> Yeah. It cost more if you're bitty. >> Did you get the secret one in this? I forget. >> No. >> No. >> I would love the secret one. You got >> I have >> bride of >> No, I have regular Frankie, the regular Dracula, creature. >> Oh, yeah. You traded for Creech, right? Yeah. >> Get >> And the Wolfman is adorable. So, so cute. Oh, boy. We came in at the wrong time. >> Thank you. >> Yep. They got the monster pennies. You're going this weekend? That's awesome. Maybe we should pivot out of here and go to the tribute store. It's busy. I think you need him, Jesse. >> A motorcycle. >> I've never seen that. >> Is it for sale or is it like a crop? It's very cute. >> It is cute. >> Thank you. >> I know. >> His little face is adorable. >> All right, we'll walk through the tribute store. Why not? If we must. If we must. We'll show you some HHN uh little tidbits that we think might be little Easter eggs for what's coming >> or we like to think. >> We like to think. We have no idea. This is just us like having fun. >> Come on over. >> Oh, thank you. >> All right, we're going into Tonton's Roadhouse. Hey Ally, how are you today? Welcome in. >> I just get like HHN smells. >> That's what she just said. >> Yes. >> Yeah. I mean, and I think the little >> the song right next to the building looks like the magic. >> Yeah, you're probably right. Good call, guys. >> So, okay, that's the first round. >> It does. Captain Jake's spicy rum. >> Is that Bruce? >> I just like to look at all the little signs and like >> I think >> Oh, yeah. This is Gerg from um Christmas. Remember he was with Earl the squirrel >> in the picture soul llama and feet failure. That's cute. And then over here I noticed that they had a Earl sort of alcohol. I forget what it was. Oh yeah, Earl Lort. >> That's funny. You know what they didn't do this year is put your picture on things. >> You're right. >> Cuz I thought maybe they would do it with these bottles, but apparently they didn't do it. >> Interesting. >> Oh, Jess's fave holiday shot. Gnog. >> Okay, >> there you go. >> I didn't know that. Black Lagoon Brew, Green Planet Pzner, and Amity Malt Light. Oh, that's fun. That's so fun. I love all the little little hidden details. >> What is it? >> Just don't buy a bottle, too. >> Eight and a half. >> Acorns. A sweet acorn liquor. There's a lot of um ET things in here like the green planet. >> Yeah. >> Oh, is Magdal. Yeah. >> Oh, that's right. >> I forgot about that. Never clear. Bold flavor. Even bolder smell. >> That's funny. >> Third largest ball of lint. >> Okay. >> Bats. Oh, birds. >> I'm starting to wonder about the birds. >> Is this a nod to Is this a hint? >> We going to get a bird's house. There's a lot of birds items in >> Universal. Yes. >> Mhm. >> That would be an awesome house. >> We might get a bird's house. We'll see. >> The Haley Goose. >> Jessica's freaking out. >> She's like, "No, thank you." >> No birds. No birds. >> Oh, here you go. >> Lizard person. Got the band over here. The moose ton road house Marty girl party mary girl moose be speed bead throwing beads must hang from a single point tying double or more point ties is 10 points. Oh okay. So you have to get your your beads >> and then you get points. Okay. Stood here for quite a while last night trying to make it. >> They took because it was way more full. >> Oh, was it? Oh, fun. >> Okay, that's really cool. >> The Saints go maring. Uh-huh. >> You know how people have talked about a Jaws house? That would be really >> That would be fun. >> See, you notice how we'd like to make everything into house. >> I know. Well, because that's what they do. >> Uhhuh. >> Is that the set list? >> Yeah. >> That's fun. >> All right, let's go on to the next room. See what we find in here. >> Beads. >> We found the beads. >> Sorry. Oh, it's one of these guys. >> I can only find one. In last year's HHN house, there were like four of them. >> Anything new in the fridge? Nope. >> Oh, yeah. And in the fridge, you check it out. And you've got the bat batilda from one of the years at HHN. Was that like two years ago? >> Mhm. >> You've got yetis. You've got some of the statues from the museum. That one in the back is from the Museum of Antiquities. >> And a Kraken. >> And the what? >> A Kraken. >> A Kraken. >> We've seen lots of pirate stuff. >> Oh, we did have a pirate house one year. That was amazing. What was that called? Dead Man's Pier. >> Yeah, >> that was so good. >> Here's a Yeti. Here's a mouse. >> Yes. 35. >> Oh, >> yeah. I think they're bringing back some some of their hits. >> Maybe, >> you know, like fire is >> Let's see what's on the grill. >> Okay. Oh, fancy crab. >> It is a fancy crab. >> And a side of lob or a side of crawfish or lobster. I don't know what that is. >> I think it's a crawfish. >> Yeah, >> it's a tiny lobster. >> That is so funny. I know, Ally. Isn't it a good one? That's it, Jenna. You can make a Spotify list where you sing along. Okay, I love this plan. Gator Black Cat Club open nightly. >> What is that? What is that? >> Is it a doll? >> Yeah. >> Okay. What's that? >> Earl. I found Earl. It's Earl the squirrel. Earl. >> There he is just hanging out. >> Oh, hi Earl. >> A. So cute. I'm like, there's something up there. It's Earl being cute. All right. And so here's our first nod to what we think could be a clown for Jack the Clown. >> Mhm. >> There's also a clown on that fence post. >> Yes, there is. Did I? And then Tim said, if you back up a little bit, this right here is Little Boo. This is his head, his shoulder coming down to his two hands right here. Little Boo. I see it. >> I see it, too. >> Especially if you take a picture and then look at it. Take a picture and check it out. Duck head. >> I know. I don't get the duck head. >> We think it looks like something. >> I think it looks like Five Nights at Freddy's. >> I do too. But >> yeah, >> maybe we're getting a Five Nights too. >> Oh, yeah. Here's another bird. Two birds. I'm telling you. >> Look at him. He's cute. >> I know. He's so cute. >> It's either Jack or Pennywise. Tim says, >> "Oh my word. Every time I walk past here, I see this right here and I think somebody's going to jump out at me. I'm like, "Oh, >> they combine the trivia store with an HN house." >> Uh-huh. And then we have another clown face up here. >> Yep. >> And now we're in the shopping area. >> So fun. It's such a great What is it? >> Fresh fudge. My phone says it's free fudge. My phone thought this red free fudge. She's like, "How do you get this free fudge?" And they looked at her like it was so funny. >> So, so fun. I love this tribute store. All righty. And that's it, guys. Then we've got Earl's truck, Marty Growler bust. I love that so much. >> Oh, they're probably close. >> Well, all righty then. Let's uh let's go up here and we're going to wrap it up. I think I'm I'm getting hungry. I don't know about you guys. Even though we've been eating all day. I don't know. Actually, not all day. We had breakfast and then we had breakfast again. Yeah, just part of the day. >> It's fine. >> We do some >> more protein. >> Agreed. But I hope you guys have enjoyed the stream with us today. If you missed my Marty Gro um stream, we did stream the parade and we got amazing seats. We were like family of the day, so we got great seats. So, go check out that stream if you missed it. Go check out the Marty Gro um vlog over on Adventures of Jenna and Dale. And then don't miss my second cruise vlog I put out last night. Coco K and Star of the Seas. So, a lot of things for you guys to go check out and catch up on. Hope you enjoyed hanging out with us today. We had a good time. A good good good time. There's Scooby DoobyDoo. The Wicked store is still here. I wonder if they're going to keep that or they're going to >> We were wondering right now. >> Yeah, cuz the second movie's out now. So, >> maybe that'll be the tribute store. That would be huge. >> Fantastic. >> Right. >> You're in charge. >> Okay. >> Make it happen. >> I will. A So cute. There's a little doggy. >> Well, guys, I think we'll wrap it up right here. Even though I can't see anything right now. Thanks for joining us. Let's do a little selfie. Oh, you know what? Before we do that, I do need to thank our amazing platinum members of the channel. That's not my phone. Let's see. There it is. You hold that for me. Thank you. Okay. So, let's thank our platinum members. Thank you very much. Let's see. We like to uh thank them and read their names out every stream. Oop, I'm on the wrong channel. I got to go to Resort TV. So, we have um See, I'm not there yet. Almost. >> There we go. All right, guys. So, we have Grey Rose Adventures. Total Total Care Tom Amy Moore Big Guy One Tiffany Mertz Love Go Mini Diane 515 Jack Sparrow Sorcerer Mickey my crazy grown-up life Chuck Polly the amazing Jayla Maxley Skander Nani Will Miller Christopher Black James Han Ali Verismo and Alan J. Thank you so much to all of our platinum members of the channel. All of our members of the channel as well as Patreon members and our moppers. We thank you guys for mopping hoppers for being here and supporting and bopping the like button. Of course, shoppers can't leave without either. >> So, and thanks to you guys. >> This was fun. >> Too bad we didn't get to try more butterbeer treats, but >> y >> that means we have to come back. >> All right, everybody. Thanks again. Uh Josh will be live tomorrow for Tranquil Tuesday and I will be live Wednesday from the opening day of Flower and Garden Festival. So, do not miss that bright and early Wednesday morning. All right. So, for now, have a great big beautiful tomorrow. Come on outside. There we are.
