---
video_id: 1TvY5HgKOfo
channel: TPMvids
title: "Top 10 WORST & BEST at the Disney Theme Parks 2025 - New Disney Rides, Attractions & More!"
published: 2025-12-28
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1TvY5HgKOfo
---
Welcome to [music] TPMVids DisneyBE Welcome to [music] TPMVids DisneyBE Welcome to [music] TPMVids DisneyBE where we talk about all things Disney. where we talk about all things Disney. where we talk about all things Disney. If you're new to the channel and like If you're new to the channel and like If you're new to the channel and like what you see, hit that subscribe button what you see, hit that subscribe button what you see, hit that subscribe button and click the bell icon to be notified and click the bell icon to be notified and click the bell icon to be notified [music] when we upload a new video. You [music] when we upload a new video. You [music] when we upload a new video. You can also find us on all your favorite can also find us on all your favorite can also find us on all your favorite social media platforms. So much happened in 2025 at the Disney So much happened in 2025 at the Disney So much happened in 2025 at the Disney theme parks. There were many new shows, theme parks. There were many new shows, theme parks. There were many new shows, attraction reimaginings, bars, and some attraction reimaginings, bars, and some attraction reimaginings, bars, and some big announcements on Instagram and in big announcements on Instagram and in big announcements on Instagram and in the community tab. I asked all of you to the community tab. I asked all of you to the community tab. I asked all of you to weigh in on the best and worst at the weigh in on the best and worst at the weigh in on the best and worst at the Disney theme parks this year. So, thanks Disney theme parks this year. So, thanks Disney theme parks this year. So, thanks to your suggestions, let's count down to your suggestions, let's count down to your suggestions, let's count down the top 10 best to worst of the Disney the top 10 best to worst of the Disney the top 10 best to worst of the Disney theme parks in 2025. Number 10. We're going to start the list Number 10. We're going to start the list Number 10. We're going to start the list off with the best and make our way down off with the best and make our way down off with the best and make our way down to the worst. So, with an overwhelmingly to the worst. So, with an overwhelmingly to the worst. So, with an overwhelmingly positive response, Test Tracks positive response, Test Tracks positive response, Test Tracks Reimagining was voted as the best of Reimagining was voted as the best of Reimagining was voted as the best of opened on July 22nd, and after a opened on July 22nd, and after a opened on July 22nd, and after a year-long refurbishment, Imagineers year-long refurbishment, Imagineers year-long refurbishment, Imagineers truly knocked it out of the park. It truly knocked it out of the park. It truly knocked it out of the park. It feels like a classic Epcot attraction feels like a classic Epcot attraction feels like a classic Epcot attraction filled with tons of edutainment. It filled with tons of edutainment. It filled with tons of edutainment. It starts right here in the queue with the starts right here in the queue with the starts right here in the queue with the exhibits showcasing the evolution of exhibits showcasing the evolution of exhibits showcasing the evolution of automotive technology. I love that they automotive technology. I love that they automotive technology. I love that they uncovered all the windows in here as uncovered all the windows in here as uncovered all the windows in here as well as the window by the seat belt well as the window by the seat belt well as the window by the seat belt check. Now, when it comes to the check. Now, when it comes to the check. Now, when it comes to the physical ride, Imagineers did such a physical ride, Imagineers did such a physical ride, Imagineers did such a great job of combining digital effects great job of combining digital effects great job of combining digital effects and physical sets to tell the story. and physical sets to tell the story. and physical sets to tell the story. Imagineers even incorporated smells into Imagineers even incorporated smells into Imagineers even incorporated smells into the ride, like pine as you make your way the ride, like pine as you make your way the ride, like pine as you make your way through the winding roads in the forest through the winding roads in the forest through the winding roads in the forest and then burning rubber during that and then burning rubber during that and then burning rubber during that close call with the semi-truck. What I close call with the semi-truck. What I close call with the semi-truck. What I found the most impressive though were found the most impressive though were found the most impressive though were the amount of physical sets compared to the amount of physical sets compared to the amount of physical sets compared to the previous version of the ride. These the previous version of the ride. These the previous version of the ride. These definitely heightened the entire definitely heightened the entire definitely heightened the entire experience. One standout wow moment that experience. One standout wow moment that experience. One standout wow moment that wasn't a physical set has to be the wasn't a physical set has to be the wasn't a physical set has to be the scene before you're propelled outdoors. scene before you're propelled outdoors. scene before you're propelled outdoors. Now, I know projections are sometimes a Now, I know projections are sometimes a Now, I know projections are sometimes a touchy subject, but Test Track uses them touchy subject, but Test Track uses them touchy subject, but Test Track uses them in such a tasteful and effective way. in such a tasteful and effective way. in such a tasteful and effective way. By using advanced cameras and sensors, By using advanced cameras and sensors, By using advanced cameras and sensors, [music] vehicles are constantly scanning [music] vehicles are constantly scanning [music] vehicles are constantly scanning the road ahead, helping to prepare us the road ahead, helping to prepare us the road ahead, helping to prepare us for any surprises. In the most recent for any surprises. In the most recent for any surprises. In the most recent breakdown video, I featured some clips breakdown video, I featured some clips breakdown video, I featured some clips of this LAR scene with the lights on, of this LAR scene with the lights on, of this LAR scene with the lights on, and it's amazing to see how such bland and it's amazing to see how such bland and it's amazing to see how such bland spaces are turned into something so spaces are turned into something so spaces are turned into something so immersive. If I'm being honest, Test immersive. If I'm being honest, Test immersive. If I'm being honest, Test Track 2.0 was never my favorite ride, Track 2.0 was never my favorite ride, Track 2.0 was never my favorite ride, but now with this refurbishment, it's but now with this refurbishment, it's but now with this refurbishment, it's definitely back on my musto list at definitely back on my musto list at definitely back on my musto list at Epcot. Number nine. Number nine. Number nine. Another 2025 edition that received an Another 2025 edition that received an Another 2025 edition that received an overwhelmingly positive response was overwhelmingly positive response was overwhelmingly positive response was Disney Villains Unfairly Ever After at Disney Villains Unfairly Ever After at Disney Villains Unfairly Ever After at Hollywood Studios. The show opened on Hollywood Studios. The show opened on Hollywood Studios. The show opened on May 27th, replacing Lightning McQueen's May 27th, replacing Lightning McQueen's May 27th, replacing Lightning McQueen's Racing Academy, and it is a wickedly fun Racing Academy, and it is a wickedly fun Racing Academy, and it is a wickedly fun time. [music] &gt;&gt; As the show takes us into the magic &gt;&gt; As the show takes us into the magic &gt;&gt; As the show takes us into the magic mirror's reflective [music] realm, mirror's reflective [music] realm, mirror's reflective [music] realm, Kruella Deville, Captain Hook, and Kruella Deville, Captain Hook, and Kruella Deville, Captain Hook, and Maleficent take center stage to plead Maleficent take center stage to plead Maleficent take center stage to plead their case on why they are the most their case on why they are the most their case on why they are the most misunderstood Disney villain. That black misunderstood Disney villain. That black misunderstood Disney villain. That black Peter Pan gets all the attention at the school. [music] at the school. [music] at the school. [music] I suppose you say that the ever princess I suppose you say that the ever princess I suppose you say that the ever princess was my was my was my &gt;&gt; It's not quite a musical, but in &gt;&gt; It's not quite a musical, but in &gt;&gt; It's not quite a musical, but in addition to the opening song, Captain addition to the opening song, Captain addition to the opening song, Captain Hook also sings a little diddy, which is Hook also sings a little diddy, which is Hook also sings a little diddy, which is definitely one of my favorite parts in definitely one of my favorite parts in definitely one of my favorite parts in the show. [music] the world. &gt;&gt; It's also really impressive how these &gt;&gt; It's also really impressive how these &gt;&gt; It's also really impressive how these massive LED panels transform the entire massive LED panels transform the entire massive LED panels transform the entire theater in very clever ways. The show theater in very clever ways. The show theater in very clever ways. The show has a lot of different moving parts. has a lot of different moving parts. has a lot of different moving parts. What's really fun is that there are What's really fun is that there are What's really fun is that there are three possible endings with either three possible endings with either three possible endings with either Kruella, Maleficent, or Captain Hook Kruella, Maleficent, or Captain Hook Kruella, Maleficent, or Captain Hook winning the most misunderstood Disney winning the most misunderstood Disney winning the most misunderstood Disney villain. The winner is supposed to be villain. The winner is supposed to be villain. The winner is supposed to be based on crowd reaction, and I've gotten based on crowd reaction, and I've gotten based on crowd reaction, and I've gotten to see each villain win at least once. to see each villain win at least once. to see each villain win at least once. The show is a great time and it's been The show is a great time and it's been The show is a great time and it's been packing crowds for all 15 performances packing crowds for all 15 performances packing crowds for all 15 performances every single day. It just shows you how every single day. It just shows you how every single day. It just shows you how popular the Disney villains really are. popular the Disney villains really are. popular the Disney villains really are. &gt;&gt; Oh no. Number eight, [music] the Beacon Barrel Number eight, [music] the Beacon Barrel Number eight, [music] the Beacon Barrel over in Adventure Land at Magic Kingdom over in Adventure Land at Magic Kingdom over in Adventure Land at Magic Kingdom opened on August 29th, and this is opened on August 29th, and this is opened on August 29th, and this is another project that Imagineers knocked another project that Imagineers knocked another project that Imagineers knocked out of the park. The entire bar is so out of the park. The entire bar is so out of the park. The entire bar is so rich in detail. This level of theming is rich in detail. This level of theming is rich in detail. This level of theming is the sort of thing that we expect with the sort of thing that we expect with the sort of thing that we expect with Disney. And when you're inside, it feels Disney. And when you're inside, it feels Disney. And when you're inside, it feels like a space that's been around since like a space that's been around since like a space that's been around since Pirates opened in 1973. Pirates opened in 1973. Pirates opened in 1973. There are so many interactive elements There are so many interactive elements There are so many interactive elements to explore in each room with surprises to explore in each room with surprises to explore in each room with surprises around every corner, including Ramy the around every corner, including Ramy the around every corner, including Ramy the Parrot. I got a standing spot at the Parrot. I got a standing spot at the Parrot. I got a standing spot at the bar, and I just loved seeing him lead bar, and I just loved seeing him lead bar, and I just loved seeing him lead some of the interactive story moments. [music] mermaid. &gt;&gt; It's very much in the style of Trader &gt;&gt; It's very much in the style of Trader &gt;&gt; It's very much in the style of Trader Sam's. Only here, everyone, regardless Sam's. Only here, everyone, regardless Sam's. Only here, everyone, regardless of age, can enjoy the ambiance. &gt;&gt; Now, not only was the theming topnotch, &gt;&gt; Now, not only was the theming topnotch, &gt;&gt; Now, not only was the theming topnotch, but the drinks and food were equally as but the drinks and food were equally as but the drinks and food were equally as great. My favorites for cocktails were great. My favorites for cocktails were great. My favorites for cocktails were the hibiscus rum punch royale and the the hibiscus rum punch royale and the the hibiscus rum punch royale and the salty seas margarita. salty seas margarita. salty seas margarita. When I ordered the margarita, the server When I ordered the margarita, the server When I ordered the margarita, the server made me say it like a pirate. I really made me say it like a pirate. I really made me say it like a pirate. I really did appreciate how far the cast members did appreciate how far the cast members did appreciate how far the cast members went in terms of story and went in terms of story and went in terms of story and immersiveness. It just added to the immersiveness. It just added to the immersiveness. It just added to the experience. Then for food, you cannot go experience. Then for food, you cannot go experience. Then for food, you cannot go wrong with the corn griddle cakes and wrong with the corn griddle cakes and wrong with the corn griddle cakes and Kraken's Catch. Honestly, I would get Kraken's Catch. Honestly, I would get Kraken's Catch. Honestly, I would get both again, but my favorite was Kraken's both again, but my favorite was Kraken's both again, but my favorite was Kraken's Catch. It was just layered with so much Catch. It was just layered with so much Catch. It was just layered with so much flavor. Oh, and even the non-alcoholic flavor. Oh, and even the non-alcoholic flavor. Oh, and even the non-alcoholic choices were great, especially the choices were great, especially the choices were great, especially the Treasure Trove, which comes with a Treasure Trove, which comes with a Treasure Trove, which comes with a vanilla cake pop bar. Getting a vanilla cake pop bar. Getting a vanilla cake pop bar. Getting a reservation can be a bit tricky, but if reservation can be a bit tricky, but if reservation can be a bit tricky, but if you book as soon as the 60-day window you book as soon as the 60-day window you book as soon as the 60-day window opens up, you should not have a problem. Number seven. Number seven. Number seven. One surprise from all the responses was One surprise from all the responses was One surprise from all the responses was the mention of the Tron Aries overlay at the mention of the Tron Aries overlay at the mention of the Tron Aries overlay at Magic Kingdom, but the more I think Magic Kingdom, but the more I think Magic Kingdom, but the more I think about it, the more it deserves to be on about it, the more it deserves to be on about it, the more it deserves to be on this list. On September 15th, Tron Life this list. On September 15th, Tron Life this list. On September 15th, Tron Life Cycle Run received a limited time Cycle Run received a limited time Cycle Run received a limited time overlay to celebrate the release of Tron overlay to celebrate the release of Tron overlay to celebrate the release of Tron Aries. They switched everything on the Aries. They switched everything on the Aries. They switched everything on the ride from blue to red, and it really ride from blue to red, and it really ride from blue to red, and it really heightened the entire experience. It heightened the entire experience. It heightened the entire experience. It begins at the launch with the addition begins at the launch with the addition begins at the launch with the addition of a brand new voiceover. [music] I am of a brand new voiceover. [music] I am of a brand new voiceover. [music] I am master control and have taken over your master control and have taken over your master control and have taken over your new directive. Spread my code throughout new directive. Spread my code throughout new directive. Spread my code throughout the grid. Do so or be derezed. launch in 3 2 1. launch in 3 2 1. launch in 3 2 1. &gt;&gt; Then, as you race the red light cycle, &gt;&gt; Then, as you race the red light cycle, &gt;&gt; Then, as you race the red light cycle, you'll weave through red and orange you'll weave through red and orange you'll weave through red and orange light trails along to a new soundtrack light trails along to a new soundtrack light trails along to a new soundtrack by 9-in nails. [music] I absolutely by 9-in nails. [music] I absolutely by 9-in nails. [music] I absolutely loved this overlay, and dare I say, I loved this overlay, and dare I say, I loved this overlay, and dare I say, I prefer this over the normal ride. The prefer this over the normal ride. The prefer this over the normal ride. The experience just feels a little more experience just feels a little more experience just feels a little more complete. [music] complete. [music] complete. [music] There has been no announcement in There has been no announcement in There has been no announcement in regards to when the overlay will end, regards to when the overlay will end, regards to when the overlay will end, but I really hope it's more than just a but I really hope it's more than just a but I really hope it's more than just a limited time experience. [music] Now, limited time experience. [music] Now, limited time experience. [music] Now, would you be in favor of keeping the would you be in favor of keeping the would you be in favor of keeping the overlay permanently? Comment below. Number six. Number six. Number six. Another great thing that 2025 delivered Another great thing that 2025 delivered Another great thing that 2025 delivered was The Little Mermaid, a musical was The Little Mermaid, a musical was The Little Mermaid, a musical adventure at Disney Hollywood Studios. adventure at Disney Hollywood Studios. adventure at Disney Hollywood Studios. The show also opened on May 27th with a The show also opened on May 27th with a The show also opened on May 27th with a brand new set design, costumes, puppets, brand new set design, costumes, puppets, brand new set design, costumes, puppets, [music] and songs. The entire production [music] and songs. The entire production [music] and songs. The entire production is a true technological upgrade to the is a true technological upgrade to the is a true technological upgrade to the previous Voyage of the Little Mermaid. I previous Voyage of the Little Mermaid. I previous Voyage of the Little Mermaid. I mean, in this show, Ariel even swims. I mean, in this show, Ariel even swims. I mean, in this show, Ariel even swims. I just love that this time though, the just love that this time though, the just love that this time though, the story is told in chronological order story is told in chronological order story is told in chronological order with the addition of Daughters of Triton with the addition of Daughters of Triton with the addition of Daughters of Triton and Kiss the Girl, plus all the other and Kiss the Girl, plus all the other and Kiss the Girl, plus all the other songs from the original show. The sets songs from the original show. The sets songs from the original show. The sets and costumes are very vibrant, and Under and costumes are very vibrant, and Under and costumes are very vibrant, and Under the Sea is such a showstopping number. back here. [music] [singing] &gt;&gt; I really appreciated that Disney &gt;&gt; I really appreciated that Disney &gt;&gt; I really appreciated that Disney composed original orchestrations of the composed original orchestrations of the composed original orchestrations of the songs that aren't just ripped from the songs that aren't just ripped from the songs that aren't just ripped from the movie. It adds a bit more pizzazz. Plus, movie. It adds a bit more pizzazz. Plus, movie. It adds a bit more pizzazz. Plus, I have to mention all the skilled I have to mention all the skilled I have to mention all the skilled puppetry in this new show. From Ariel's puppetry in this new show. From Ariel's puppetry in this new show. From Ariel's Finn to swimming fish and under the sea, Finn to swimming fish and under the sea, Finn to swimming fish and under the sea, flamingos and frogs and kiss the girl, flamingos and frogs and kiss the girl, flamingos and frogs and kiss the girl, and an updated Ursula puppet, the show and an updated Ursula puppet, the show and an updated Ursula puppet, the show is full of so much puppetry [music] is full of so much puppetry [music] is full of so much puppetry [music] life. It feels so fresh and new. It's life. It feels so fresh and new. It's life. It feels so fresh and new. It's become another one of my mustos. So, if become another one of my mustos. So, if become another one of my mustos. So, if you're a fan of The Little Mermaid, you're a fan of The Little Mermaid, you're a fan of The Little Mermaid, you're not going to want to miss this you're not going to want to miss this you're not going to want to miss this show. Number five, Number five, Number five, we cannot look at 2025 and not talk we cannot look at 2025 and not talk we cannot look at 2025 and not talk about Disneyland's 70th anniversary about Disneyland's 70th anniversary about Disneyland's 70th anniversary celebration. Quite a few of you celebration. Quite a few of you celebration. Quite a few of you mentioned it, and I agree. The 70th was mentioned it, and I agree. The 70th was mentioned it, and I agree. The 70th was a lot of fun. The celebrate happy theme a lot of fun. The celebrate happy theme a lot of fun. The celebrate happy theme song that played across the resort was song that played across the resort was song that played across the resort was super catchy and you heard it super catchy and you heard it super catchy and you heard it everywhere. I know some people weren't everywhere. I know some people weren't everywhere. I know some people weren't crazy about the giant keys to crazy about the giant keys to crazy about the giant keys to Disneyland, but we actually had a blast Disneyland, but we actually had a blast Disneyland, but we actually had a blast exploring the park trying to [music] exploring the park trying to [music] exploring the park trying to [music] find each of the stations. Where the find each of the stations. Where the find each of the stations. Where the celebration really came to life though celebration really came to life though celebration really came to life though was at night because between both parks, was at night because between both parks, was at night because between both parks, there was quite a bit to see. Over at there was quite a bit to see. Over at there was quite a bit to see. Over at Disney California Adventure, there was a Disney California Adventure, there was a Disney California Adventure, there was a brand new version of World of Color brand new version of World of Color brand new version of World of Color called World of Color Happiness. [music] called World of Color Happiness. [music] called World of Color Happiness. [music] Here, the characters from Inside Out Here, the characters from Inside Out Here, the characters from Inside Out took us through a kaleidoscope of took us through a kaleidoscope of took us through a kaleidoscope of emotions following some pretty epic emotions following some pretty epic emotions following some pretty epic moments from Disney films. My favorite moments from Disney films. My favorite moments from Disney films. My favorite part though was the Muppet [music] part though was the Muppet [music] part though was the Muppet [music] pre-show, which captured their humor so pre-show, which captured their humor so pre-show, which captured their humor so well. We definitely need more Muppets. well. We definitely need more Muppets. well. We definitely need more Muppets. The epitome of the anniversary The epitome of the anniversary The epitome of the anniversary celebration was Tapestry of Happiness on celebration was Tapestry of Happiness on celebration was Tapestry of Happiness on the facade of It's a Small World. It the facade of It's a Small World. It the facade of It's a Small World. It featured so many tributes to park featured so many tributes to park featured so many tributes to park specific attractions, past and present, specific attractions, past and present, specific attractions, past and present, honoring their place in Disneyland honoring their place in Disneyland honoring their place in Disneyland history. I feel like these milestone history. I feel like these milestone history. I feel like these milestone celebrations need to do more of this celebrations need to do more of this celebrations need to do more of this instead of hitting us with the same instead of hitting us with the same instead of hitting us with the same Disney films over and over. We want to Disney films over and over. We want to Disney films over and over. We want to celebrate Disneyland with things that celebrate Disneyland with things that celebrate Disneyland with things that actually celebrate the park. Now, one actually celebrate the park. Now, one actually celebrate the park. Now, one entertainment offering from the 70th entertainment offering from the 70th entertainment offering from the 70th that kept getting mentioned was the that kept getting mentioned was the that kept getting mentioned was the return of the Paint the Night [music] return of the Paint the Night [music] return of the Paint the Night [music] parade. Even though Paint the Night parade. Even though Paint the Night parade. Even though Paint the Night originally debuted 10 years ago, it originally debuted 10 years ago, it originally debuted 10 years ago, it still felt as relevant and enjoyable still felt as relevant and enjoyable still felt as relevant and enjoyable today. It just felt so right having this today. It just felt so right having this today. It just felt so right having this parade back at Disneyland. There's parade back at Disneyland. There's parade back at Disneyland. There's nothing quite like the upbeat soundtrack nothing quite like the upbeat soundtrack nothing quite like the upbeat soundtrack as each of the eight floats along with as each of the eight floats along with as each of the eight floats along with dozens and dozens of performers light up dozens and dozens of performers light up dozens and dozens of performers light up the parade route. It just gets you in the parade route. It just gets you in the parade route. It just gets you in such a great mood and I'm so glad it's such a great mood and I'm so glad it's such a great mood and I'm so glad it's set to return January 30th after the set to return January 30th after the set to return January 30th after the holiday season. Number four, Number four, Number four, another attraction that marked a big another attraction that marked a big another attraction that marked a big milestone at the Disney theme parks in milestone at the Disney theme parks in milestone at the Disney theme parks in was the debut of Walt Disney Magical was the debut of Walt Disney Magical was the debut of Walt Disney Magical Life on Disneyland's actual 70th Life on Disneyland's actual 70th Life on Disneyland's actual 70th anniversary. The 17minute presentation anniversary. The 17minute presentation anniversary. The 17minute presentation begins with a one man's dream film. Then begins with a one man's dream film. Then begins with a one man's dream film. Then the curtains pull back to reveal Walt the curtains pull back to reveal Walt the curtains pull back to reveal Walt Disney himself. This was the first audio Disney himself. This was the first audio Disney himself. This was the first audio animatronic figure of Walt Disney. And animatronic figure of Walt Disney. And animatronic figure of Walt Disney. And it just happens to be one of it just happens to be one of it just happens to be one of Imagineering's most complex humanoid Imagineering's most complex humanoid Imagineering's most complex humanoid figures to date. One of the most figures to date. One of the most figures to date. One of the most impressive moments is when Walt stands impressive moments is when Walt stands impressive moments is when Walt stands up to speak to the audience. up to speak to the audience. up to speak to the audience. &gt;&gt; You know, I was stopped one day when the &gt;&gt; You know, I was stopped one day when the &gt;&gt; You know, I was stopped one day when the little boy asked, "Do you draw Mickey little boy asked, "Do you draw Mickey little boy asked, "Do you draw Mickey Mouse?" And I had to admit, I do not Mouse?" And I had to admit, I do not Mouse?" And I had to admit, I do not draw anymore. He is a very impressive draw anymore. He is a very impressive draw anymore. He is a very impressive figure, but Walt Disney Imagical Life figure, but Walt Disney Imagical Life figure, but Walt Disney Imagical Life received a mix of responses as the best received a mix of responses as the best received a mix of responses as the best and worst of 2025. When the show first and worst of 2025. When the show first and worst of 2025. When the show first debuted, a lot of people said that it debuted, a lot of people said that it debuted, a lot of people said that it didn't really sound like Walt, even didn't really sound like Walt, even didn't really sound like Walt, even though they used archival recordings. though they used archival recordings. though they used archival recordings. They were just cleaned up and processed They were just cleaned up and processed They were just cleaned up and processed to sound like audio from 2025 and not to sound like audio from 2025 and not to sound like audio from 2025 and not from 1960. This processing did get rid from 1960. This processing did get rid from 1960. This processing did get rid of a lot of the grit in Walt's voice. of a lot of the grit in Walt's voice. of a lot of the grit in Walt's voice. But to be fair, we're only used to But to be fair, we're only used to But to be fair, we're only used to hearing Walt Disney speak through hearing Walt Disney speak through hearing Walt Disney speak through microphones from the 50s and 60s. Then microphones from the 50s and 60s. Then microphones from the 50s and 60s. Then there's been a lot of discourse about there's been a lot of discourse about there's been a lot of discourse about whether this actually looks like Walt whether this actually looks like Walt whether this actually looks like Walt Disney or not. I will admit though, I Disney or not. I will admit though, I Disney or not. I will admit though, I don't think the face sculpt is a 100% don't think the face sculpt is a 100% don't think the face sculpt is a 100% accurate [music] match. Certain angles accurate [music] match. Certain angles accurate [music] match. Certain angles look more like Walt than others, but one look more like Walt than others, but one look more like Walt than others, but one thing for sure is that his movements are thing for sure is that his movements are thing for sure is that his movements are very impressive, especially the hands. very impressive, especially the hands. very impressive, especially the hands. You can tell a lot of work went into You can tell a lot of work went into You can tell a lot of work went into creating this animatronic. With that creating this animatronic. With that creating this animatronic. With that said though, I'm very interested to see said though, I'm very interested to see said though, I'm very interested to see what kind of updates are made to the what kind of updates are made to the what kind of updates are made to the figure once the Walt Disney animatronic figure once the Walt Disney animatronic figure once the Walt Disney animatronic is added to Carousel of Progress at is added to Carousel of Progress at is added to Carousel of Progress at Magic Kingdom. Number three, Number three, Number three, as we get further into the list, we're as we get further into the list, we're as we get further into the list, we're approaching additions that got mentioned approaching additions that got mentioned approaching additions that got mentioned more for the worst of 2025. And one of more for the worst of 2025. And one of more for the worst of 2025. And one of those things was unfortunately [music] those things was unfortunately [music] those things was unfortunately [music] Disney Starlight at Magic Kingdom. On Disney Starlight at Magic Kingdom. On Disney Starlight at Magic Kingdom. On July 20th, the long- aaited nighttime July 20th, the long- aaited nighttime July 20th, the long- aaited nighttime parade made its official debut, and it parade made its official debut, and it parade made its official debut, and it really does feel like classic Disney. really does feel like classic Disney. really does feel like classic Disney. The nine floats are absolutely stunning The nine floats are absolutely stunning The nine floats are absolutely stunning with some impressive kinetics and with some impressive kinetics and with some impressive kinetics and surprises along the way. Float surprises along the way. Float surprises along the way. Float highlights for me are still Coco, Peter highlights for me are still Coco, Peter highlights for me are still Coco, Peter Pan, and Whimsy the Train. It's a Pan, and Whimsy the Train. It's a Pan, and Whimsy the Train. It's a quintessential finale moment with tons quintessential finale moment with tons quintessential finale moment with tons of energy and a great mix of Disney of energy and a great mix of Disney of energy and a great mix of Disney characters. Then there's the soundtrack, characters. Then there's the soundtrack, characters. Then there's the soundtrack, which I thought was a nice blend of the which I thought was a nice blend of the which I thought was a nice blend of the old and new. There's parts with that old and new. There's parts with that old and new. There's parts with that lush orchestral sound that's synonymous lush orchestral sound that's synonymous lush orchestral sound that's synonymous with Disney along with callbacks to the with Disney along with callbacks to the with Disney along with callbacks to the Main Street [music] Electrical Parade. Main Street [music] Electrical Parade. Main Street [music] Electrical Parade. It felt so great having a nighttime It felt so great having a nighttime It felt so great having a nighttime parade back at the park. But the major parade back at the park. But the major parade back at the park. But the major criticism that's constantly been criticism that's constantly been criticism that's constantly been mentioned since its debut [music] was mentioned since its debut [music] was mentioned since its debut [music] was the need for more ground performers. the need for more ground performers. the need for more ground performers. Whether that's dancers or more Disney Whether that's dancers or more Disney Whether that's dancers or more Disney characters, it just needs to be beefed characters, it just needs to be beefed characters, it just needs to be beefed up a bit. A lot of the dancers that are up a bit. A lot of the dancers that are up a bit. A lot of the dancers that are currently in the parade are very hard to currently in the parade are very hard to currently in the parade are very hard to see, but [music] recently Disney did see, but [music] recently Disney did see, but [music] recently Disney did make their first positive change. They make their first positive change. They make their first positive change. They replaced the fans used for the Moana replaced the fans used for the Moana replaced the fans used for the Moana dancers with these LED strands, and it dancers with these LED strands, and it dancers with these LED strands, and it looks pretty good. Now, the costumes looks pretty good. Now, the costumes looks pretty good. Now, the costumes just need some more lights. [music] I just need some more lights. [music] I just need some more lights. [music] I think this change signals that more think this change signals that more think this change signals that more changes could come to Disney Starlight, changes could come to Disney Starlight, changes could come to Disney Starlight, but the biggest thing would be to add but the biggest thing would be to add but the biggest thing would be to add those ground performers. Just imagine those ground performers. Just imagine those ground performers. Just imagine Anna and Kristoff added to the front of Anna and Kristoff added to the front of Anna and Kristoff added to the front of the Frozen Float. Dancing skeletons the Frozen Float. Dancing skeletons the Frozen Float. Dancing skeletons could lead the Cocoa unit. The Lost Boys could lead the Cocoa unit. The Lost Boys could lead the Cocoa unit. The Lost Boys could be with Tinkerbell, and there could be with Tinkerbell, and there could be with Tinkerbell, and there could even be a couple small whirly could even be a couple small whirly could even be a couple small whirly units placed throughout the parade as units placed throughout the parade as units placed throughout the parade as well. The good thing is that the bones well. The good thing is that the bones well. The good thing is that the bones of Disney Starlight are solid. There of Disney Starlight are solid. There of Disney Starlight are solid. There just needs to be some little tweaks for just needs to be some little tweaks for just needs to be some little tweaks for it to be a 10 out of 10 experience. it to be a 10 out of 10 experience. it to be a 10 out of 10 experience. &gt;&gt; Already [music] &gt;&gt; Already [music] &gt;&gt; Already [music] done, just like us. done, just like us. done, just like us. [music] Number two, Number two, Number two, one of the newest attractions at Walt one of the newest attractions at Walt one of the newest attractions at Walt Disney World is Zootopia Better Zoo at Disney World is Zootopia Better Zoo at Disney World is Zootopia Better Zoo at Animal Kingdom. This actually received a Animal Kingdom. This actually received a Animal Kingdom. This actually received a tied number of votes for the best and tied number of votes for the best and tied number of votes for the best and the worst of 2025. When we arrive inside the worst of 2025. When we arrive inside the worst of 2025. When we arrive inside the Tree of Life Theater, we're there the Tree of Life Theater, we're there the Tree of Life Theater, we're there for the Zugto Day watch party. The for the Zugto Day watch party. The for the Zugto Day watch party. The broadcast which is hosted by a new broadcast which is hosted by a new broadcast which is hosted by a new character named Heidi Howler. Then character named Heidi Howler. Then character named Heidi Howler. Then officer Clawhauser is chosen as the Vis officer Clawhauser is chosen as the Vis officer Clawhauser is chosen as the Vis who has to fill in for Heidi after she's who has to fill in for Heidi after she's who has to fill in for Heidi after she's been blown away. Clawhouser then been blown away. Clawhouser then been blown away. Clawhouser then controls which biomes to switch to. controls which biomes to switch to. controls which biomes to switch to. Honestly, the best part of the entire Honestly, the best part of the entire Honestly, the best part of the entire show is the Clawhouser animatronic, and show is the Clawhouser animatronic, and show is the Clawhouser animatronic, and he's really impressive. As for the show he's really impressive. As for the show he's really impressive. As for the show overall, I really wanted to love it, but overall, I really wanted to love it, but overall, I really wanted to love it, but it just wasn't for me. I think it's one it just wasn't for me. I think it's one it just wasn't for me. I think it's one of those attractions that skews much of those attractions that skews much of those attractions that skews much younger in terms of tone, and it just younger in terms of tone, and it just younger in terms of tone, and it just feels like it was made for kids and not feels like it was made for kids and not feels like it was made for kids and not families. Those are two very different families. Those are two very different families. Those are two very different audiences. There are also a lot of audiences. There are also a lot of audiences. There are also a lot of inconsistencies. Like Clawhauser exists inconsistencies. Like Clawhauser exists inconsistencies. Like Clawhauser exists live in the Tree of Life Theater, right? live in the Tree of Life Theater, right? live in the Tree of Life Theater, right? But then he's having a full-on But then he's having a full-on But then he's having a full-on conversation with Nick and Judy who are conversation with Nick and Judy who are conversation with Nick and Judy who are in a completely different biome, but in a completely different biome, but in a completely different biome, but they're somehow all able to see each they're somehow all able to see each they're somehow all able to see each other. A lot of the same special effects other. A lot of the same special effects other. A lot of the same special effects from It's Tough to Be a Bug were reused, from It's Tough to Be a Bug were reused, from It's Tough to Be a Bug were reused, but I don't think Better You Gather fits but I don't think Better You Gather fits but I don't think Better You Gather fits with the Tree of Life and Animal with the Tree of Life and Animal with the Tree of Life and Animal Kingdom. I watched it six times so I Kingdom. I watched it six times so I Kingdom. I watched it six times so I could film the multi-angle video, and could film the multi-angle video, and could film the multi-angle video, and after every show, I'd kind of linger after every show, I'd kind of linger after every show, I'd kind of linger [music] to listen to what others would [music] to listen to what others would [music] to listen to what others would say. I heard many comments about say. I heard many comments about say. I heard many comments about people's distaste for the show, mixed people's distaste for the show, mixed people's distaste for the show, mixed with adults saying it was cute, but in a with adults saying it was cute, but in a with adults saying it was cute, but in a way that they were unsure. Honestly way that they were unsure. Honestly way that they were unsure. Honestly though, I never heard one kid say though, I never heard one kid say though, I never heard one kid say anything about the show, which is so anything about the show, which is so anything about the show, which is so much different than all the times I much different than all the times I much different than all the times I watched the Country Bear Musical watched the Country Bear Musical watched the Country Bear Musical Jamberee. Every time I've left the Jamberee. Every time I've left the Jamberee. Every time I've left the theater, I would hear so many kids and theater, I would hear so many kids and theater, I would hear so many kids and adults express how they like the show so adults express how they like the show so adults express how they like the show so much better than the original. I agree much better than the original. I agree much better than the original. I agree that Zootopia Better Together is cute, that Zootopia Better Together is cute, that Zootopia Better Together is cute, but that doesn't necessarily mean it's but that doesn't necessarily mean it's but that doesn't necessarily mean it's good. Clearly, Disney created the show good. Clearly, Disney created the show good. Clearly, Disney created the show with kids in mind, but do they even like with kids in mind, but do they even like with kids in mind, but do they even like the show? Will it be something they the show? Will it be something they the show? Will it be something they remember and would want to go back and remember and would want to go back and remember and would want to go back and see it again? See, that I'm not sure of. see it again? See, that I'm not sure of. see it again? See, that I'm not sure of. But I know for me personally, if I But I know for me personally, if I But I know for me personally, if I didn't do that multicam video, I didn't do that multicam video, I didn't do that multicam video, I wouldn't have seen the show more than wouldn't have seen the show more than wouldn't have seen the show more than once. once. once. Number one, what was unanimously Number one, what was unanimously Number one, what was unanimously mentioned as the worst of 2025 were all mentioned as the worst of 2025 were all mentioned as the worst of 2025 were all the closures at Walt Disney World. So the closures at Walt Disney World. So the closures at Walt Disney World. So far, we've said goodbye to its tough to far, we've said goodbye to its tough to far, we've said goodbye to its tough to be a bug. Most of Dino Land USA except be a bug. Most of Dino Land USA except be a bug. Most of Dino Land USA except for Dinosaur. The Rivers of America have for Dinosaur. The Rivers of America have for Dinosaur. The Rivers of America have been closed and drained, and demo work been closed and drained, and demo work been closed and drained, and demo work is already pretty far along. But the one is already pretty far along. But the one is already pretty far along. But the one closure you all kept mentioning was closure you all kept mentioning was closure you all kept mentioning was Muppet Vision 3D. After running [music] Muppet Vision 3D. After running [music] Muppet Vision 3D. After running [music] for over 34 years, Muppet Vision 3D for over 34 years, Muppet Vision 3D for over 34 years, Muppet Vision 3D played its last show for guests on June played its last show for guests on June played its last show for guests on June the reimagining of Muppet Courtyard into the reimagining of Muppet Courtyard into the reimagining of Muppet Courtyard into a new Monstropolis Land themed to a new Monstropolis Land themed to a new Monstropolis Land themed to Monsters, Inc. So far, they've already Monsters, Inc. So far, they've already Monsters, Inc. So far, they've already demolished what needs to be demolished, demolished what needs to be demolished, demolished what needs to be demolished, and work is already well underway on the and work is already well underway on the and work is already well underway on the courtyard. Muppet Vision 3D was one of courtyard. Muppet Vision 3D was one of courtyard. Muppet Vision 3D was one of my mustos at Hollywood Studios, and my mustos at Hollywood Studios, and my mustos at Hollywood Studios, and although the attraction was almost 35 although the attraction was almost 35 although the attraction was almost 35 years old, I still thought it held up years old, I still thought it held up years old, I still thought it held up pretty well. It was very clever Muppet pretty well. It was very clever Muppet pretty well. It was very clever Muppet humor with some cheap 3D tricks that humor with some cheap 3D tricks that humor with some cheap 3D tricks that worked really well. I do miss the worked really well. I do miss the worked really well. I do miss the attraction, but I'm glad that the attraction, but I'm glad that the attraction, but I'm glad that the Muppets will still be at the park once Muppets will still be at the park once Muppets will still be at the park once they move into Rock and Roller Coaster they move into Rock and Roller Coaster they move into Rock and Roller Coaster next year. Prior to closing Muppet next year. Prior to closing Muppet next year. Prior to closing Muppet Vision 3D, Disney did say that they're Vision 3D, Disney did say that they're Vision 3D, Disney did say that they're exploring ways to preserve the Muppet exploring ways to preserve the Muppet exploring ways to preserve the Muppet Vision film as well as other parts of Vision film as well as other parts of Vision film as well as other parts of the experience. There has been no word the experience. There has been no word the experience. There has been no word on what this preservation looks like, on what this preservation looks like, on what this preservation looks like, but they did spend an entire evening but they did spend an entire evening but they did spend an entire evening filming the attraction. My long-term filming the attraction. My long-term filming the attraction. My long-term hope is that Muppet Vision 3D or some hope is that Muppet Vision 3D or some hope is that Muppet Vision 3D or some other Muppet show will move into Sunset other Muppet show will move into Sunset other Muppet show will move into Sunset Showcase. Then with Rock and Roller Showcase. Then with Rock and Roller Showcase. Then with Rock and Roller Coaster, this entire area becomes this Coaster, this entire area becomes this Coaster, this entire area becomes this mini Muppets Land. So, we'll just have mini Muppets Land. So, we'll just have mini Muppets Land. So, we'll just have to wait and see what happens with the to wait and see what happens with the to wait and see what happens with the Muppets. So, in your opinion, what were Muppets. So, in your opinion, what were Muppets. So, in your opinion, what were the best and worst at the Disney theme the best and worst at the Disney theme the best and worst at the Disney theme parks in 2025? I'd love to know. Leave a parks in 2025? I'd love to know. Leave a parks in 2025? I'd love to know. Leave a comment down below to start a comment down below to start a comment down below to start a conversation, and don't forget to hit conversation, and don't forget to hit conversation, and don't forget to hit that like button if you enjoyed the that like button if you enjoyed the that like button if you enjoyed the video.
