---
video_id: wKD6vN6v20U
channel: TPMvids
title: "Is AlpenFury at Canada's Wonderland Worth the Hype?-  NEW Dual Launch Coaster"
published: 2025-07-18
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKD6vN6v20U
---
[Music] Welcome to TKM Vids, where we talk all about theme parks and more. If you're new to the channel and like what you see, hit that subscribe button and click the bell icon to be notified when we upload a new video. You can also find us on all your favorite social media platforms. [Music] Canada's Wonderland is where you can find one of the most anticipated coasters of 2025, and that's Alpen Fury. Over the past year, I've had the opportunity to go behind the scenes to check out construction, and seeing the transformation to welcome the park's 18th roller coaster has been fascinating. Well, we started planning in the early early spring of 2023. We got into construction in the winter of 24. We had a lot of work to do inside the mountain to make the the space ready and provide new construction access. So, about two plus years from start to end. On July 12th, Alpen Fury officially opened to the public. And even though there were a few bumps in the road, boy was it ever worth the wait. You know, it's been a long time coming and we are so proud of this coaster, of this ride. I I really enjoy being here in the plaza or even up on the platform watching the the reactions of our guests. It's such a good feeling. We're happy. We're happy that people are riding and that they're having fun. From the first launch right into the final break run, Alpen Fury really packs a punch for the entire 1 minute and 20 second ride. Not only is this the longest, tallest, and fastest launch coaster in Canada with its nine inversions, it also sets the record for the most inversions on a launch coaster in the world. It's not a out ofthe-box ride. Um, so we had some flexibility. we had some opportunities and we took those opportunities to to tweak it and dial it in to what we needed. The ride begins with that first launch out of the load station and it's a short but punchy launch. It reminded me a lot of the launch on Backlot Stun Coaster which is another Premier Rides coaster. Then as you dive into Wonder Mountain, this second launch has a lot more force. Here, you'll reach a top speed of 115 kilometers or 71 miles per hour in a matter of seconds. Also, can we talk about how cool this lighting effect is in here? It happens so fast, but before you know it, you're blasting out the top of the mountain, climbing up 164 ft into the double inverted top hat. For the entire ride, you're flying across the track with one inversion after the other. It all happens so quickly that you're not even able to process each element. It's such an exhilarating and intense coaster that covers over 3,200 ft of coaster track. It's massive and the opening of Alpen Fury also marked the official designation of Alpenfest. As many people might know, we're trying to get back to our roots with the theming, bring some new life to some of our areas, and Alpenfest is the latest. Alpenfest takes us into the Swiss village that's in the midst of celebrating their annual fire and ice festival. The villagers here believe that a mythical force has taken over the inner depths of Wonder Mountain. Only those who are brave enough can board a sled and find out what happens when fire and ice collide. Like what we saw in Frontier Canada, Alpinfest really shows the park's commitment in bringing the theme park back into Canada's wonderland. The area is filled with so much more life. And the best part is that there are some nods to Wonderland's past. Yeah, that goat used to stand on the mountain uh or sorry on the bit of the mountain here at the Baron Curve. Then it was replaced by Clockworks. Um and the goat went into storage at that point. So um we wanted to have a mountain goat back on the mountain. So that's the same old one. We gave him a new paint job and freshened them up. Then there's this glock and spiel clock on Alpine Outfitters. Not only does it play a tune, but it also pays tribute to the clock that used to be on clockworks. We dug out the old plans for the glock and spiel and we manufactured a new one and our our mechanical team built the mechanisms and our creative team built the sculptures and we got that back in as well. And then the former Blenzian entrance has been reused for the entrance to Alpen Fury. I just love all these little nods to defunct park history. Overall, Alpinfest looks really, really great. And the best part is that it's not finished. We're going to work on that over the years. I think there's opportunities for events, maybe uh additional theming. So, you're going to have to wait and stay tuned to see what else comes, but I think this is a great start. I cannot wait to see what else is in store. Alpen Fury has not only transformed this area of international festival, but it's also transformed the landscape of the entire park. Already, Alpen Fury has become a very popular ride at Canada's Wonderland. Now, when it comes to the queue, Alpen Fury offers a regular standby line, their single rider, as well as fast lane. Now, just note that the weight for single rider can still be very long compared to other coasters at the park like Yukon Striker. Alpen Fury does have a bin system for smaller items like your phone, wallet, or fanny pack, but it needs to fit into this size of a cubby. Anything larger like a backpack or a bag needs to be checked into a locker which can be found to the right of the entrance. Elf and Fury is such a great addition to the ride lineup at Canada's Wonderland, and I cannot get enough of it. They've definitely hit a home run. And with that said, enjoy my reverse POV reaction to Elp and Fury. Are you ready? I'm so excited. It's going to be amazing. Okay. Okay. Here we go. First launch. First launch. Here we go. Oh my gosh. Oh my god. Oh my god. This is awesome. Fire. Oh my gosh. Here we go. Oh my gosh. Oh my god. That air time. Oh, I want more. That is so That was amazing. I want to go again. Isn't it insane? I want to go again. It's beautiful. Yeah, it is insane. Oh my gosh. But it all happened so fast. It all happened so fast. I really want to go again. I think we all have to go again. Yes, we all have to go again. You hear that? Oh my gosh. Isn't it crazy? That's phenomenal. We hope you enjoyed your ride in that's like a number one and not even just at one part. No, like the entire thing. Also, I love that launch and the mountain and that's it. All of a sudden, you're getting up the mountain and you're so disoriented. But then like you see the track, you see it kind of twist and you're like and then and then you're there and then you're done. That was so what are your thoughts on Alpen Fury? Do you have any plans on riding it this season? I'd love to know. Leave a comment down below to start a conversation. And don't forget to hit that like button if you enjoyed the video. [Music]
