---
video_id: 5_fWEI6VzKs
channel: TPMvids
title: "Top 10 Disney Fails & Animatronic Malfunctions Pt 22"
published: 2025-08-31
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_fWEI6VzKs
---
[Music] Welcome to TPMVids DisneyBE where we talk about all things Disney. If you're new to the channel and like what you see, hit that subscribe button and click the bell icon to be notified when we upload a new video. You can also find us on all your favorite social media platforms. [Music] The Disney theme parks are full of hundreds of audio animatronics. But with their complexity, these robotic figures are bound to fail, malfunction, and break down. It just happens. Now, thanks to submissions from viewers like you, today we have a lot of hilarious and wild malfunctions to share. If you've caught a failure malfunction on camera, you can submit it to tpmvids.com for a chance to have it featured in a future video. Now, you know how this works, so let's count down the top 10 Disney fails and animatronic malfunctions, part 22. Number 10. We're going to start the list off with everyone's favorite purple dragon figment. Over the years, the animatronic has really been through it. Starting with that simple crick in the neck sent in by Mia. Upside down. Now you're talking. That's the best idea you've had all day. [Applause] With just a spart of inspiration, I made my house and then it's all downhill from here. If an neck spasm wasn't bad, how about a dislocated shoulder? [Music] Look at that thing go. Yep. Yeah, I think it's nice and loose now, Figment. Then there was this time back in 2023 when he was just completely busted. What is going on? You're turning this entire open house upside down. Upside down? Now you're talking. That's the best idea you've had all day. With just a spart of inspiration. That foot is doing overtime, rocking him from side to side. Poor guy. And just when he thought it couldn't get any worse, he rocked so hard he broke his neck. What is going on? You're turning. Oh, just you wait. Upside down. Upside down. Now you're talking. Now you're talking. Now you're talking. That's the best idea you've had all day. [Applause] It's just a Spartan. Lately, Disney has limited his range of motion. And now his body and leg no longer move. It's just the arms. There's a big difference when you look at his movement back in 2018. I mean, at this point, I think Disney just needs to rebuild the entire animatronic. Or better yet, I think many Figment fans would love a complete reimagining of the ride. What do you think? Number nine. Staying here at Epcot, we'll move over to the American Adventure where a viewer named Sarah caught Ben Franklin with a stiff arm. What we've accomplished in that tiny span of time, my dear doctor. And it appears one singular finger is sticking out as well. Good thing it wasn't the middle one. No dynamic people has ever survived these dangers. I may have invented these bif focals I'm wearing, but I can assure you they are not rosecoled. This happened on July 9th, 2025. And come with the readies on YouTube also sent in another clip of the malfunction. Their [Music] dialogue probably goes a little something like this. Hey, I think your arm's messed up. Yeah, you're damn right it is. Just got to smile and wave. Smile and wave. [Applause] [Music] Number eight. This next submission comes from Jacqueline and Josh with Buzz Lightyear over at Magic Kingdom. Buzz has a stiff neck solutions of flight for a medium to infinity and beyond. Head on to a masseuse. A space masseuse. A chiropractor could fix the problem, but there has to be something on the ceiling. I mean, he's so fixated on it that he just fell right back. Like in this next submission from Sarah. All right. Like I said, there's something really important on the ceiling. This is a perfect position to be in. Oh, yeah. Looks like he found the dust. They look just like him. Splitting image. Then another viewer named Jennifer also caught the same malfunction this day. Infinity. Now, a malfunction like this usually means that the animatronic lost pressure somehow. With this collapse, Buzz's torso joint probably lost its holding ability. and then gravity overran the actuator leading to this. Number seven, when the Country Bear Musical Jamberee opened last year, Disney updated all the animatronic figures and they move better than ever. It's so great seeing the bears get some love. But that has not stopped the occasional lazy eye, like here in this submission from Ria. So, get those paws tapping and those claws clapping for five bears who need no introduction, but I'll give them one anyway. Let's hear it for the five bear rocks. Hit it, boys. Then Britney caught Wendell rolling his eye right into the back of his skull. Over sideways and under. [Music] Weirdly enough, this look kind of suits Wendell, doesn't it? [Music] Even Teddy Beer has a little crosseye action going on. [Music] Then sometimes it's just a lazy eyelid and it can happen to either one of her eyes. A viewer named Desmond even caught it stopping the show. Folks, the Country Bear Musical Jamberee is experiencing technical difficulties and we are unable to continue with our show at this time. We're sorry for the inconvenience. [Music] up because there have been times where Teddy doesn't even make it out and the show still goes on. There is something creepy though with her having only one eye open. Number six. This next segment is dedicated to Panchito on the Grand Fiesta Tour. Starting off with a submission from Veronica where he's missing his pistol. [Music] Then in a submission from Kila, the animatronic is a little lopsided. We shall say we [Music] What's interesting here is that it appears as though he's doing his normal animation. He's just taking a big stretch. When this happened back in December of 2023, a few more viewers also caught him like this. [Music] Then there's a submission from Brady, which speaks for itself. There's something dripping from bando. Yep. Yep. That's a good old hydraulic fluid leak. Is it supposed to happen? No. But I wonder how many people if they saw this would think that it's just part of the show. Like, yeah, he's just sweating profusely under the lights. It's a new effect. It's Disney magic. coming. That hydraulic fluid is just pouring right out. I mean, his sleeve is soaked. But anytime you do see something like this happen to an animatronic, it's always a good idea to let a cast member know so they can get it looked after. Number five, I don't think the hatbox ghost has ever been featured on these lists before, and that's all going to change right now. There's been a few malfunction videos submitted from Disneyland that actually give us a better understanding of how the Hapbox ghost illusion works. So, in this first video from a viewer named Brett, we have the Hatbox ghost head not appearing at all. [Music] See that light from inside the figure where his head should be? Well, this appears to be the projector that provides the face animation. It's a very bright light, but when the head retracts into the torso, the projector is turned off. Then, as the head pops back up, it turns back on, bringing the hatbox ghost right to life. When we slow it right down, you can see all the components coming together. In this video here, the projector malfunctioned, allowing us to get a peek at what the face mold actually looks like, which is pretty cool. He kind of looks creepier like this, don't you think? Then in the actual hatbox itself, you can see the hair is a physical prop inside. Then they use the Pepper's ghost effect to make his face appear. [Music] Number four. If you've been on the Little Mermaid ride at Magic Kingdom pretty much anytime from April to July of 2025, there was a good chance you saw Ariel's under the sea animatronic looking like this. TPM videos. Ariel is not moving, dancing, shaking, zip. This is what her animation is supposed to look like, but over these past couple months, there have been dozens and dozens of submissions with Ariel just frozen. It seemed like she never actually worked, but sporadically she would move. You can see she's frozen in different positions. And this is all confirmed in this next submission from Heather taken on June 23rd. neck. Yeah, she's not in the best shape. This is probably why Disney would just leave her frozen because I have a feeling malfunctions like this were happening very often. Now, once the ride went down for a short little reverb back in July, they got Ariel working again. Although, she did appear a bit more jittery as seen in this footage from Mondo Lens. She's nowhere near perfect, but at least they have her moving. Now, you're probably thinking it must get better. Well, unfortunately, it doesn't. [Music] Poor Ariel can't catch a break. This was posted on Tik Tok by Sister Travel Diary, and it happened on August 21st at 5:00 p.m. Obviously, the ride had to close so they could quickly address the issue. And when it reopened, they had Ariel placed in this position, which was sent in by Stephanie. Looks like she's trying to recreate that Part of Your World rock pose. Thankfully, the next day, though, Ariel was back to a normal pose, as you can see in this clip from Alex. She's not completely frozen, though, because if you look at the tip of her tail, that's the only thing that's moving. They now have the animatronic working properly again, but I didn't even realize the tail had any articulated functions. the more you know. Number three, there are all kinds of submissions that get sent in. And while I was going through stuff from Pirates of the Caribbean, I realized there were quite a few submissions where animatronics had dropped or damaged something they were holding. So, we'll start off with Barbosa's broken sword sent in by Evan. They need a bit of persuasion. Fire at will. I don't know how much defense a bent sword will provide, but just hope he doesn't have to go into battle. Then Amy sent in this one of red. Quit your gentle wants the rum, don't you? Um, well, there's no bottle of rum in your hand. Then Amy and Hamish sent in this video of the fallen mandolin. Yep. Yikes is right. But I got to say, this animatronic is moving pretty well. Now, just up the way, a viewer named Nate caught this pirate so drunk he dropped the lantern. It's literally hanging on by a thread. Or I guess it would be a wire. But my favorite prop drop was sent in by Nico. Where anchor now you swabies. What may I offer for these hearty heads? everyone an egg layers. [Music] Yeah, not sure this one's laying any eggs cuz I think it's dead. Then another viewer named Jamie also caught the same malfunction, but this time the chicken was trying to get away. [Music] No chicken. Number two, anytime Mr. Potato Head drops his ear, the animatronic goes into standby mode until a cast member comes to reinstall it. Well, take a look at what happens after he drops his ear in this clip from Franchesca. Get ready because the commentary is just too adorable. fell off. Um, can you hear me? Are you okay? Are you okay? Please tell us. Okay, you can't hear me. Now, I'm not sure why the eyes are red, but hopefully that cast member puts his ear on, right? Sometimes they'll put it right back in and he's good to go. But when the issue can't be fixed, well, the brick twins caught what happens. His ear is missing. His ear is gone. He's an angry quarter. Number one, Walt Disney Magical Life opened at Disneyland on July 17th, and it didn't take long for the animatronic to malfunction. During an evening performance on opening day, a viewer named Manuel sent in a video of Walt freezing mid show. Take a look. And he he was the happy. What am I? I I always said he's the smart Disney. [Music] They were so quick to close those curtains. But I love that his body is just shaking and his mouth is still moving perfectly. I mean, he still had a lot more to say. Then just a couple of weeks later on August 4th, a viewer named Lanne sent in this and the Presidential Medal of Freedom for a lifetime of inspiring others. He created dreams that live on today for millions around the world. Walt's just taking a little nap. We apologize, folks. Our show has not going to continue this time. One last thing, please exit through the doors on the right. Make a turn through the gold curtain and you'll be back on Main Street. I mean, this kind of malfunction was bound to happen sooner or later. I'm just confused how he ended up standing. The segment begins and ends with Walt leaning against the desk, so something caused him to jump up and just fall asleep. [Music] It gets funnier the more maybe Walt secretly had narcolepsy. Who knows? So, have you ever experienced an audio animatronic malfunction in person? What was that experience like? I'd love to know. Leave a comment down below to start a conversation. And don't forget to hit that like button if you enjoyed the video.
