---
video_id: S_KWVBzsD5I
channel: TPMvids
title: "Disney World Myths DEBUNKED!"
published: 2025-10-26
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_KWVBzsD5I
---
[Music] Welcome to TPMVids DisneyBE where we talk about all things Disney. If you're new to the channel and like what you see, hit that subscribe button and click the bell icon to be notified when we upload a new video. You can also find us on all your favorite social media platforms. There is no shortage of mysteries and myths across Walt Disney World. Tons of stories have been passed around, from hidden sinkholes to abandoned show buildings and famous quotes Walt Disney never actually said. These legends have kind of taken on lives of their own. But how much of what you've heard is actually true? Well, sit back because today we're going to go through some Disney history at Epcot to discuss and debunk five Disney World myths. Number five. Over at Dreamers Point in World Celebration, one of Walt Disney's quotes is inscribed on the plaque. You can find Walt Disney quotes on everything from construction walls to merchandise. Now, you've probably seen the quote, "If you can dream it, you can do it." Attributed to Walt Disney a couple of times. Following the themes of determination, optimism, and dreaming big, it does sound like something Walt Disney would have said. Only, it's just a myth, and it is not true. Disney's very own D23 even confirmed that it was never said publicly by Walt Disney. The quote is actually attributed to Disney Imagineer Tom Fitzgerald. The surprising thing is that he didn't even have the original idea. And it all starts here at Epcot with Horizons. Step into the future in Horizons. Step into the future today. In 1981, Tom Fitzgerald made his way into the show design department of Wed Enterprises. He was asked to help write the script for the General Electric Pavilion, which then went on to become Horizons. When Fitzgerald became the main story writer for the attraction, it was already settled that the ride would focus on what the future could and would look like. So, he came up with the tagline, "If we can dream it, we can do it." Coupled with G's tagline at the time, which was, "We bring good things to life." These mottos became the underlying theme for the attraction. When Horizons opened in October of 1983, one of the first things you saw when you entered the building were the words, "If we can dream it, we can do it." Even the Horizon's theme song opens with these lyrics. [Music] we can dream it, we can do it and not if you can dream it, you can do it. Essentially, they are two different phrases with the same idea. But it turns out Tom Fitzgerald got inspiration for his quote from GE. Back in 1981, a copywriter named Cherylyn Silverstein was working for an agency tasked with a GE engineering recruitment campaign. The idea was to inspire new engineering graduates to come and work for GE. So, Silverstein came up with the tagline, if you can dream it, you can do it. Many magazine ads use the quote as their header. And in later publications, they even used it as G's tagline. Since Tom Fitzgerald and the team of Imagineers were collaborating with General Electric, one of those ads came across their desk. This GE tagline fit with what they were trying to convey in Horizons. So Fitzgerald adapted Silverstein's motto into if we can dream it, we can do it. It seems like the first time the Walt Disney Company used if you can dream it, you can do it as a Walt Disney quote was in 2007 when they released the Science of Imagineering DVD series. I'm not sure how this got approved, but it did. So if you ever see this quote, just remember that it wouldn't exist in the context of the Walt Disney Company if it wasn't for Cherylyn Silverstein, Tom Fitzgerald, and Horizons, not Walt Disney. Number four, World Showcase is always full of so much life, especially at the Germany Pavilion. As they celebrate Oktoberfest, you can take in the music, shop, and grab some delicious food. But the one thing missing is a ride. Well, Imagineers originally planned for an attraction in the pavilion called the German River Cruise or the Ry River Cruise. The common rumor is that the entire show building for the ride was built and then Disney just abandoned it. But only part of that is true. See, the Rin River Cruise was designed as a water-based dark ride that would take guests on a scenic journey down Germany's most famous rivers, taking you on a ride under the moonlight, you'd travel past German towns, the countryside, castles, and other historical landmarks. It looked like a promising concept, but due to the scope and scale of building Epcot, time was not on their side, and construction was falling very behind. So it was decided that the Ry River Cruise would be part of phase 2 for World Showcase. That meant when Epcot opened on October 1st, 1982, only part of the Ryan River Cruise show building was completed. This is the original layout of the pavilion and the gray section is where the ride was supposed to be. When we overlay this section onto Google Maps, the show building is really only this section in green. It would have housed the load and unload stations, but today it's just used for maintenance storage. Most of what was actually built for the Germany pavilion wasn't even for the ride. The other side of the building is just the beer garden restaurant and some back of house facilities. Only this small little section here would have held some of the rid's flume. Well, like many of the World Showcase pavilions, phase 2 never happened and the Ry River cruise was cancelled. It's a real shame because this ride would have complimented the nighttime atmosphere of Beer Garden so well. Part of the ride's exit was meant to pass along the side of the restaurant and it would have been in this area where the buffet stations are today. Outside, this window to the right would have been the doorway out. But if we pan to the right, one of the only reminders left of the Ry River Cruise is this mural that covers the back wall. This is actually where the entrance of the ride was supposed to be, and Disney just covered it up. It's pretty ironic that it's a painting of a German river traveling through the countryside with a couple of famous German castles, sort of like what we would have seen on the Ry River cruise. Although Disney has never spoken about the attraction again, it's really unfortunate that this one never left the dock and made it into Epcot. Realistically, at this point, if a ride ever does get built in the Germany pavilion, it'll probably be some sort of tangled boat ride to tie in with the rest of the IP Synergy in World Showcase. For now, though, we'll just have to settle with this mural of the German countryside instead. [Music] Number three, from across World Showcase Lagoon, you can spot the Swan and Dolphin Resort peeking out of the skyline. They have been in view since 1990 with the Walt Disney World Swan opening in January and the Walt Disney World Dolphin opening in June. Now, if you ever looked up at the towering Dolphin Hotel, you've probably noticed that big dark rectangle etched into the building. For years, there's been a longtime legend that this was supposed to be the opening for the Montreal. It would pass right through the hotel just like it does at Disney's Contemporary Resort. It's a fun rumor that sounds sort of plausible, but it is not true. That space was never meant for the Montreal, and it's part of the original story Michael Graves came up with when designing the hotel. The Walt Disney World Dolphin was imagined as an island rising out of the sea. The pyramid shape mirrors a mountain that's burst up from the ocean. The dark rectangle actually represents the moment that burst occurred underground. Then down below, the cascading shell fountains complete the illusion of water spilling off the mountain. There was never a single drawing or permit showing a monorail traveling through the hotel. So, this is really just a case of misunderstanding postmodern architecture. Now, in researching the topic, the origins of the rumor seem to point to the original contract between Disney and Tishman, who was the developer of the hotels. Part of the agreement was that the Swan and Dolphin would be connected to Walt Disney World's transportation system. At the time, many interpreted this as an extension of the Montreal, but Michael Eisner fulfilled the transportation clause with boats and buses. So, that is the main reason why people thought this dark rectangular void was meant for the Montreal. These kind of myths and rumors spread very quickly, but it's not the only one surrounding these two iconic buildings. From across Crescent Lake, the Walt Disney World swan looks like it's covered in waves, whereas the dolphin is patterned with palm leaves. Because of that, people have believed that the statues ended up on the wrong buildings. Well, there are many documented conversations with Michael Graves where he explained that everything is exactly where it is supposed to be. In the story of the resort, the mountain that emerged from the dolphin sends water across the lake towards the swan, splashing the waves against the building. At this moment, two swans that were flying overhead were so amazed at the sight of these waves that they perched themselves on top to get a better look. And the story with the dolphins is that when the mountain emerged from the ocean, two mythical dolphins leaped into the air at the exact same moment. It's a lot of abstract symbolism, but it's fascinating how much thought went into this resort. So, next time you see the iconic Swan and Dolphin landmarks, just remember that everything you see was always part of the plan. Number two, we talked about Horizons earlier, but have you ever heard the rumor that the ride had to close because there was a sinkhole under it? It's another one of those stories that's been floating around for years. See, when Horizons permanently closed in early 1999, it was a pretty sudden decision. Although the ride was popular with Epcot fans, Horizons just wasn't drawing the crowds it used to. Plus, there were many other reasons to justify the closure. In 1993, the ride had lost its corporate sponsor, and as the years went on, its technology was becoming outdated. It needed a massive refurbishment and when it was decided that Horizon's was not coming back by mid 2000 the entire building was demolished. There were rumors of structural issues and this is what sparked that mysterious sinkhole theory. Fans thought that if the building wasn't in good shape and these rumors were true, Disney had no choice but to demo it for safety reasons. Now, sure, Florida is prone to sudden sinkholes, so the theory sounded believable, but here's the truth. There was never a confirmed sinkhole under horizons. If there had been, Disney would have never built Mission Space in the exact same spot just a few years later. Where I think a lot of the confusion comes from is that Epcot actually has a real sinkhole. It's just not where most people think it would be. Back during Epcot's construction in the late '7s, Imagineers discovered a massive sinkhole right in the middle of the park. It sits right between World Discovery and World Showcase near the Odyssey, and today it's under this pond right in front. They actually ended up discovering the sinkhole while they were drilling concrete footings for the Montreal supports. Late imagineer and Disney legend Marty Scolar said that the sinkhole was so enormous and so deep that every steel piling they tried to drive into the ground simply disappeared. The earth was literally swallowing their construction equipment and it would go on to explain why some of the construction trucks started sinking. Construction crews and imagineers tried everything they could but nothing would stabilize the ground. They soon realized that no large heavy buildings could be built on top of this parcel of land. So they needed to shift their plans. The Odyssey was pushed back to more stable soil and huge steel plates were layered across the top of the sinkhole to stabilize the ground. It was strong enough to withhold supports for the pedestrian bridge and then they turned that unstable section into this beautiful pond. So this tranquil stretch of water you walk across isn't just there for decoration. It's literally hiding part of a sinkhole. And that's right, it's only part of the sinkhole that sits in this pond. The rest of it is under a portion of World Showcase Lagoon. According to former Imagineer Joe Rodie, the size of the lagoon is only as big as it is because they had to account for the sinkhole. This made the lagoon much wider than what was originally planned. So, next time someone tells you that Epcot has a sinkhole, just remember it has nothing to do with Horizons and it's just quietly sitting under the glistening water. Number one, when you ride Living with the Land, the narration proudly mentions that the fruits, vegetables, and fish you see on the ride are served in the land's restaurants. These crops taste as good as they look. In fact, we serve more than 15 tons of produce from our green houses and restaurants here at the land every year. And Disney really reinforces this idea. The Garden Grill page says that many of the veggies served are grown in the green houses. And even the page for Sunshine Seasons mentions the goodness of the green houses in the land pavilion. Even the official Living with the Land attraction description says that you can enjoy a meal at those restaurants, both of which serve fresh produce and seafood grown right here. Now, it is true that the Land Pavilion is a real working greenhouse, and everything you see growing there is authentic, but it's easy to take those quotes and assume that produce in the land's restaurants are supplied entirely by the greenhouse, because they definitely are not. Every year, the green houses produce 30 to 40 tons of produce and 5,000 lb of fish to supply the restaurants around Walt Disney World. It seems like a lot, but this scale can't even match the demand for the food at Epcot alone. It only equates to about 1% of Walt Disney World's food needs being met. Epcot serves thousands of meals an hour, which is far more than these green houses could ever supply. Instead, the greenhouse harvests are used selectively as supplements, garnishes, or limited specialties over at Garden Grill and Sunshine Seasons in the Land, the Coral Reef Restaurant at the Seas, as well as the France and Canada pavilions. Living with the Land demonstrates a genuine farm-to-table concept, just on a much smaller scale than what Disney might make you think. A fun fact is that the greenhouse is also a zerowaste facility. So any unsuitable produce is used for animal enrichment over at Animal Kingdom. So yeah, that salad at Garden Grill or the fish at Coral Reef Restaurant may have come from living with the land, but there's a better chance that it didn't. The real purpose of the greenhouse is designed for research and to inspire and teach guests about sustainable hydroponic farming systems. So, what is your favorite Disney myth either from Epcot or just any Disney theme park? I'd love to know. Leave a comment down below to start a conversation. And don't forget to hit that like button if you enjoyed the video.
