---
video_id: V1HHS37Jb_I
channel: TPMvids
title: "NEW Zootopia Better Zoogether FULL [4K] POV Multi Angle - Walt Disney World Animal Kingdom"
published: 2025-11-14
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V1HHS37Jb_I
---
You're watching TPM Vid Spotlight Series. All right, Mel, this is it. Please, no flash pictures or video lighting during the watch party. Tell your turn friends. Thank you. And if things get too wild, walk, do not stamp he to the doors on your left. Here we go. Glasses on everyone. Let's get wild. Clap your paws. Stop your hooves. I want to hear you roar because we're live in three, two. It's together tonight featuring special live performances from across unforettable concert finale from superstar girls your host me. Happy zoo together day. Today we celebrate our communal existence, our shared environment and our sacred responsibility to party. T-shirts teachers and surprise one of you will kick off the show as our zoo gy don't worry. Oh, but then I don't have the slot. So now whatever you come on up and out of shape and what's your name my spotted friend Benjamin clawhouser Benji you have the best seat in the house to watch it all go down now your job press that big red button that's totally standard. Okay this one I'm really bad at this maybe the giant blinking one. Yes. Wow, great for me. Oh, this is going to be a blast. Miss Howard, are you okay? We need you to fill in behind. Say what? Sweda. Hey. Oh, Tricaman. No. Oh, there it is. Please welcome our cold weather correspondent, Cash Mo. Coslo, predator brain. Nice dressings. Balance of nature. Suga strong like mother. White snowflakes on fire. Oh wow. Judy. Nick. Mhouser. Did you do this? I got no idea. Just breathe, big guy. Okay. Hey, try counting your spots. Nick, I think we may be looking at criminal sabotage. Yep. No fs, ands, or buts, except that. Uh partner, come on and grab a leg. Detective cops and wild. Well, I'm sure she's fine. Nick, the other celebrations could be in danger. Clawhouser, where you next? Um um Oh, on to Marsh Market. Stay sharp, donuts. Oh, donuts. No, stay focused. On to Marsh Market. Celebrating the lifegiving waters that keep us all wetter together. Oh my god. The mares straight up flies sabotage together. Okay, I'll check you while you interview the witnesses. I can help you out. Nibbles, we need to know if anyone saw anything. Okay. See who did this? Seriously. It was clogged with wool and my face. Where's your next blouser? Uh oh. Oh, little rodentia. How does it make a treat? What? Let's move on. Happy together day from the ship room. In the room that you may be all but every creature no matter the size I think so you are going to get ice. Donuts do save lives. I am shocked. I knew it. But why? Oh, Judy. Next is the concert. We're in pursuit. Utopia. And there you Happy Day. Hey boo, big buffalo. Oh jeez. Boo. Go out. But you said you were going to a security conference. I'm undercover. Hey, chief. I admire your confidence, sir. What a wild animal kingdom. It's going on. Standing together, day chief. Hey, want to shed your inner vision? Oh no. Oh no. Get down. You're going to ruin the finale. I got it. I know what's behind it. Gazelle. Hey, grab on. Beware of Judy. Gazelle. Oh, we lost the connection. And on a day all about connection. Oh. Oh, Miss Howler. So together day is ruined. Really? Yes. Not the reaction I was expecting. Hey. Hello. Fell wither. A sheep and a wolf's clothing. Clever. Oh, well done Judy. You just love figuring stuff out, don't you? Hey, can we skip the monologue? Oh, let's all work together. Let's make the world a better place. She Case closed. Boom. Yay. We never got our big finale. Did someone say finale? Has she just been waiting up? Come join me, Vis. the best day ever. Let's hear you sing, Zootopia. For legal reasons, I cannot dream a dream. Make a wish upon a whisker. Here we go. Joining up with brother sister. We're pouncing toward a better as on our train of thought. I think they've seen a lot. We love what we got in the melting pot. We are united in every way. Neighbor to neighbor. So raise your voices and say something for or her and shut out the doors to your left. Please drop your glasses in barrels. Have a great day.
