---
video_id: 5Z6ifxQDTxQ
channel: TPMvids
title: "Top 10 NEW Disney Attraction Updates & Changes at Walt Disney World- September 2025"
published: 2025-09-28
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Z6ifxQDTxQ
---
[Music] Welcome to TPMVids DisneyBE where we talk about all things Disney. If you're new to the channel and like what you see, hit that subscribe button and click the bell icon to be notified when we upload a new video. You can also find us on all your favorite social media platforms. [Music] 2025 has proven that there is never a dull moment at Walt Disney World because there have been even more announcements made. From Rock and Roller Coaster with the Muppets to an opening date for Zootopia, updates coming to Cinderella Castle, a Walt Disney animatronic being added to Carousel of Progress, and the new Beacon Barrel opening. There is a lot to catch you up on, so sit back as we count down 10 new attractions, updates, and changes at Walt Disney World. Number 10, Rock and Roller Coaster at Hollywood Studios has been thrilling parkgoers since 1999. Well, if you're not aware, you have until the end of 2025 to experience the ride with Aerosmith because in 2026, the ride will be rethemed to the Muppets. So, here's what we can expect with Rock and Roller Coaster starring the Muppets. First off, the guitar in the Courtyard will have a slightly different look, sporting a new psychedelic color scheme. It's definitely in line with The Muppets. In terms of the attraction story, well, it's very similar to the current rock and roller coaster. It still takes place at GeForce Records, only now it's been purchased by Scooter's uncle, JP Gross. The Electric Mayhem have used GeForce Records to record all their latest hits, and this is where they can be found just jamming out. The only issue is that they're headlining their biggest concert in Hollywood this night and Scooter is trying his best to get Electric Mayhem to head to their concert. There are quite a few Muppet characters in the concept art and it has been confirmed that Scooter along with the Penguins will be audio animatronic figures. Then the Electric Mayhem along with Kermit and Miss Piggy will be screenbased media. Now, when it comes to the physical ride, Disney says, "With the help from our friends at Muppet Labs and A Very Fast Limousine, we'll take a twisting, turning, and screamingly fun road trip across Hollywood to reach the concert in time. The iconic Hollywood scenery in the ride will also feature a Muppet twist, but I don't foresee any major changes to the layout of the scenery. Then, in terms of the coaster's music, expect to hear some of Electric Mayhem's most iconic hits. As you can see, Imagineers have essentially just substituted Aerosmith with the Muppets. And honestly, I think this is the best way to go. Not only is it a cost-effective transformation, but the attraction is already laid out to fit this getting to the concert narrative. The Muppets chaos will lend itself really well to the story, and there are now so many opportunities to add even more humor. I am intrigued though with the mention of Muppet Labs. This could just be a call back or it might mean that even more muppets like Dr. Bunson Honeydew and Beaker could be in the loading area. There are definitely opportunities in here to add more characters, but it'll be interesting to see what Imagineering comes up with. We still don't have a concrete closing date for Rock and Roller Coaster starring Aerosmith, but we'll just have to stay tuned. [Music] Number nine. Since January of 2025, Big Thunder Mountain has been undergoing an extensive refurbishment. Not only has the entire track been replaced, but when the ride reopens in 2026, we can also expect to find some new enhancements. It sounds like Disney has a couple of things up their sleeves, but one new moment will be in the first liftill. After leaving the load station, expect to see hundreds of bats before it transitions into the Rainbow Caverns. The ride at Disneyland already features the Rainbow Caverns, but here at Walt Disney World, there's a little more magic being added to the story. So, the mine here at Big Thunder Mountain was started by Barnabas T. Bullion. He struck gold on the land, but has always had to deal with the forces of nature. It's caused a lot of strange and unexpected things in the mountain. So, as we pass through the first liftill, we're going to hear a crack of lightning and thunder, which transforms the caverns into this ominous red color. It's warning us to maybe not venture too far into these mines. As soon as I saw the rainbow caverns, I immediately remembered the rainbow geysers in that Piston Peak map. This was definitely intentional and acts as a perfect way to tie in the new elements coming into Frontier Land. In a media presentation at the end of August, there was mention of the miners trying to get the motherload of gold that's just out of reach and how we'd learn more about that later. When the Big Thunder Mountain reverb was announced, many of us thought we were getting the dynamite scene on the third liftill. Hearing this comment makes me think it might turn out to be something completely original to Magic Kingdom. Something that deals with gold directly, further emphasizing the strange and unexpected events around the mine. Maybe they'll bring back those shaking boulders. They've been off for years now, but you can see how it used to look right here. Add some gold right up here at the top, plus some projection mapping, and you have a pretty cool scene. Either way, come 2026, Big Thunder Mountain will be back looking better than ever, and I cannot wait to take a spin again on the wildest ride in the wilderness. [Music] Number eight, Tron Light Cycle Run has become one of the most popular rides at Magic Kingdom. And for a limited time now, you can experience a brand new overlay. To celebrate the release of Tron Aries, everything has been turned red, completely changing the vibe of the ride. Well, the canopy only turns red about every 5 to 10 minutes, but when you're on the ride, it's a totally different experience. As you race on the red light cycle this time, you'll weave through red and orange light trails along to a new soundtrack by 9in nails. You can get a feel for the experience in this video from Vibe and Chris, but I cannot wait to ride myself. There's been no announcement in regards to a timeline for the overlay aside from it being a limited time. So, if you're at Magic Kingdom, enjoy the overlay while it lasts. Number seven, the Beacon Barrel over in Adventure Land is now open, and it looks even better than the concept art. Imagineering completely knocked it out of the park. The entire bar is so rich in detail, which helps immerse us into the world of these pirates. This level of theming is the sort of thing we expect from Disney, especially here at Magic Kingdom. There are so many interactive elements to explore in each room with surprises around every corner. This also includes Ramy the parrot. He makes an appearance every 15 minutes or so and helps lead some interactive story moments. [Music] [Applause] This is very much in the style of Trader Sam's, but here everyone, regardless of age, can enter the bar. Let's sing around together. [Applause] Now, it wouldn't be a bar without drinks. So, in addition to this interactive theming, there are some fantastic themed drinks and food. The Beacon Barrel serves a variety of alcoholic and spirit-free drinks, as well as small bites. I haven't been in person yet, so I can't comment on how the food or drinks taste, but it all looks great, and I already have my reservation set for my next trip. Now, the only way to experience the Beacon Barrel is by making an advanced reservation. Dining times are limited to 45 minutes, but this does allow as many guests as possible to experience the bar in a single day. If you have a trip coming up, make sure you book your reservation as soon as your 60-day window opens up because people have been snagging spots very, very quickly. Number six, the countdown to extinction for Dinoand USA at Animal Kingdom is near as work continues on Tropical Americas. Well, you're going to want to mark your calendars for February 1st, 2026 because this will be the very last day to experience Dinosaur. Since opening in 1998, the ride has had a fantastic 27-year run, but it will definitely be missed. You may already know this, but the ride is going to be transformed into a new Indiana Jones ride, which will have a unique story compared to Disney's other indie rides here at Animal Kingdom. Indiana Jones has discovered a preserved Maya temple. He brings us inside to explore the rumors of a mythical creature hidden deep within. February 1st will also be the last day to dine at restaurantosaurus and meet the characters in their Dino Bash costumes. Donald Daisy Chip and Dale will be relocated to a new location in the park. But come February 2nd, all of Dino Land USA will be completely extinct, gaining its spot in the Disney history books. With the Boneyard now closed, crews have wasted no time with demolition. These images from Bio Reconstruct on Twitter show that the entire structure is almost gone, making way for what will be a brand new carousel. It's going to feature authentic wood carvings of Disney characters as the animals on the ride. Then when it comes to the new Encanto attraction, crews are making great progress prepping the site. A giant crane was actually just installed, which means we'll begin to see vertical construction very, very soon. Aside from this tweet from Jared Bush saying he's writing the dialogue for the Encanto ride, we still don't have any new details in terms of the type of ride system. What we do know is that we're going to take a tour of the Madreal's Casita, which just happens to be on the day that Antonio receives his gift. Seeing this new land come to life is really exciting, and I cannot wait to track more of its progress. Tropical Americas is still set to open in 2027. Number five. At this year's Destination D23 event, it was announced that Cinderella Castle at Magic Kingdom will revert back to the castle's original colors. Disney says the updated paint will feature grays, creams, blues, and touches of gold, aiming to enhance the castle's architecture. In 2020, Cinderella Castle was painted rose gold with navy blue turrets and gold accents in preparation for Walt Disney World's 50th anniversary. Now, Cinderella Castle is one of the most recognizable theme park landmarks in the world, and having it return to the iconic classic colors is a very welcome change. There was no timeline shared for the project, but I could see this happening next year. Having the castle shift back to the original colors makes me think we might get the castle dream lights back. It's one of my favorite castle looks during the holiday season, and it's just such a wow moment. Don't you agree? Number four. During the Disney Villains panel at Destination D23, we learned a little more about Villains Land coming to Magic Kingdom. Disney legend and former animator Andreas Deja, responsible for animating some iconic Disney villains like Gaston, Scar, and Jafar, will be consulting on the project. Since many of Disney's films derive from European fairy tales, Imagineers traveled to Europe to research and study the architecture. They went to Paris and Barcelona specifically to study the art nuvo design that sprung up in the late 1800s. Disney says the natural motifs and swirling designs in Paris make nature appear to be cursed, whereas Barcelona's art style has less natural patterns, but gives the architecture and otherworldly unnerving appearance. To describe Imagineers's unique approach for Villains Land, they've coined the term conjured architecture. This will blend historical components and fantastical worlds to create something wicked. Now, in terms of what villains we can expect in the land, well, nothing has been announced, but there are some clues. Maleficent is heavily represented in the original concept art, but then the inspirational collage Disney released features Maleficent, Hades, Dr. Facilia, Chernabog, and Ursula. When you think of these five characters specifically, you can already imagine what kind of immersive environments Imagineers could create. I cannot wait until we learn more specifics of what to expect with this land. And I have a feeling we'll learn all of this at next year's D23. [Music] Number three, we finally have an opening date for Zootopia: Better Zoo coming to Animal Kingdom. So, you're going to want to mark your calendars for November 7th because this will be the official opening day of the new 4D show. Not only do we have an opening date, but we also got the full rundown of what to expect with this new show. When we arrive inside the Tree of Life Theater, we're there to join Nick Wild and Judy Hops for the Zooather Day festivities. Like I said before, this is still going to be a 4D attraction, but instead of bug vision, it's going to be presented in carrot vision. I really hope they have orange 3D glasses. All the original voice actors are returning. Plus, there will be an original song. So, as we start this collective, we are united together. Now, the 9-minute film also features a live TV broadcast for Zug Day hosted by a new character named Heidi Howler. She takes us to live feeds from the different biomes we've seen in Zootopia with special performances from some of the residents. So, the first stop is in Tundra Town with the Predator and Prey Valley. Next, Marsh Market is a new location from Zootopia 2, which will include a performance from the Marshmaids. Then, we take a trip into Little Rodentia with a performance from the Shrew Angels. Just looking at those drone hovercrafts, part of me thinks they might be taking the place of the spiders. The mechanics are already there. Then the broadcast ends in Sahara Square where Gazelle brings the entire Zootopia community together as she performs Try Everything with the animation team from Zootopia 2 also working on the new attraction. It sounds and looks like it's going to be a quality addition to Animal Kingdom. I would love if they had a Gazelle animatronic popup live in the theater, but the animatronic that was actually confirmed is Officer Clawhauser. He'll be prominently featured in the attraction, but it's still unclear what his exact role will be. Disney has confirmed there will be previews for cast members, annual passholders, and DVC members, and we can probably expect dates for those very soon. Now, as we head into number two, there's a little more Zootopia news. In addition to Zootopia Better Together, there's also a brand new meet and greet location coming to Animal Kingdom near the Tree of Life. You'll be able to meet Nick and Judy at the Zooather Day Gathering Spa where they will be wearing their new outfits from Zootopia 2. If you notice, Nick's head sculpt also has a new updated look, but I don't know how I really feel about it. Part of me prefers the old design, but I mean, like anything, we'll eventually get used to it, right? The Zooather Day Gathering Spot sounds like it's going to be opening at the same time as the new attraction, so get ready for Nick and Judy at Animal Kingdom. Number one, for years now, we've been asking for updates to Carousel of Progress, and I am so excited to say that it is finally happening. At Destination D23, it was announced that a Walt Disney animatronic will be added to Carousel of Progress. Walt Disney will introduce the attraction in the new intro scene before act one. And as you can see, he's wearing the same outfit he wore in the 1964 World's Fair TV special. I mean, if there was one place to include an animatronic of Walt Disney at Walt Disney World, the Carousel of Progress is the perfect place. I'm sure Imagineers have been listening to all the feedback from when Walt debuted at Disneyland, but I really do hope they adjust and tweak his face sculpt a bit to make it look more like Walt. Now, this isn't the only new addition. There will also be updates coming to the entire attraction with additional details still to be revealed. Disney says that the Imagineers working on Carousel Progress are going to make sure that the heart of the attraction stays the same. Just seeing the projects Imagineers have delivered this year alone, I think we're going to be in for a treat. This also goes with saying that the animatronics in the attraction will probably be updated or upgraded as well. Now, in terms of the layout, I wouldn't be surprised to see the time periods of act two and three shift a bit. So then act four can still look into the future. Or maybe with Walt Disney now introducing the show as he did in the World's Fair TV special, act 4 will just revert back to the 1960s. This could create more of a timeless historical attraction, whereas if they go with act 4 being the future, it will eventually become outdated. Now, no specific dates have been announced quite yet, but either way, I am very excited to see some new life brought into Carousel of Progress. It's going to allow for a new generation of fans to appreciate this Walt Disney classic. So, what updates and changes are you looking forward to the most at Walt Disney World? I'd love to know. Leave a comment down below to start a conversation, and don't forget to hit that like button if you enjoyed the video.
