---
video_id: OdtzBnw5crk
channel: TPMvids
title: "NEW Test Track 3.0 FULL Ride POV [4K] EPCOT Walt Disney World"
published: 2025-07-20
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OdtzBnw5crk
---
You're watching TPM Vid Spotlight Series. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Hello. The seat belt check is around the corner. Please remain seated with your seat belt securely fastened and your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the vehicle and please supervise. Thank you. [Music] [Music] Welcome riders. I'll be your guide on today's journey. And I'm your automated vehicle. Welcome to the test track. [Music] We've always been dreaming about the road to tomorrow. And now we set a course for the future. Before we can visualize tomorrow, we have to start by looking at the world of today a little differently. That's where I can help. Let me show you how I see the world. By using advanced cameras and sensors, vehicles are constantly scanning the road ahead, helping to prepare us for any surprises. Hey, now nicely done. Surprises, huh? I was built for this. Tomorrow's roads will be built with technology, too, like inductive charging to help keep you powered up. Smart road activated. Power transfer complete. Smart roads are just the beginning. Imagine being able to customize your vehicle at home. Can I show them? Go for it. First, select a new vehicle model. H. What about this one? Good choice. Now, let's see how it looks. Let's try another. That look good with the third row. And here's one I think you'll really love. Oh, I could get used to this. [Music] Now, how about we kick back and enjoy the ride? Sure. It's always fun to be free. [Music] Watch I told you I got this. Our road might have had some twists and turns, but the future is always just around the corner. And together, we keep moving forward, finding new ways to drive to a brighter tomorrow. Ready to see what else lies beyond the horizon? Let's go. Heat. Heat. Our test drive might be complete, but just ahead is the vehicle showcase where you can explore the latest innovations from General Motors. Not to shift gears, but please remember to watch your step and take all of your personal belongings with you as you hit the road. You see what I did there? I think you should just leave the jokes to me. Maybe you're right. Thanks for joining us. See you in the future. [Music]
