---
video_id: K4aooUEufuI
channel: TPMvids
title: "Top 10 NEW Disney Attraction Updates & Changes at the Disney Theme Parks"
published: 2025-08-03
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4aooUEufuI
---
[Music] Welcome to TPMVids DisneyBE where we talk about all things Disney. If you're new to the channel and like what you see, hit that subscribe button and click the bell icon to be notified when we upload a new video. You can also find us on all your favorite social media platforms. [Music] There is never a dull moment at the Disney theme parks, and so far it's been an action-packed summer at both Walt Disney World and Disneyland. From construction updates to attraction closures and refurbishments, the new Walt Disney animatronic, test tracks reopening, another new attraction coming to Hollywood Studios, and the grand return of a nighttime parade at Magic Kingdom. There is a lot happening, so sit back as we count down 10 new attractions, updates, and changes at the Disney theme parks. Number 10. On July 6th, the Rivers of America along with Tom Sawyer Island and the Liberty Bell closed for good to allow for work to begin on Magic Kingdom's largest expansion in Frontier Land. This includes Piston Peak, which will be home to a new Cars Rally race ride, plus an additional attraction for the younger ones, as well as the entire Villains Land. Here in Liberty Square, any area that backs onto the river has already been walled off, including the Liberty Bell dock. The construction wall continues all the way until the boardwalk in Frontier Land, but I suspect they'll eventually be added along this pathway as well. Further into Frontier Land, the construction walls started back up again by Tiana's Bayou Adventure, and they've added a bunch of billboards to them that fit Frontier Land. Clearly, Disney is not wasting any time. So, get used to seeing a lot of construction walls in the park because they will be around for many, many years. Over by the boardwalk, you can still get a glimpse of Tom Sawyer Island, which has already seen progress on demolition. They've been tagging a lot of items to be removed or saved, and have already gotten a lot done. This is what the theming around Tom's Landing used to look like, and now this is all that remains. It looks like they're saving all the lighting fixtures, which I'm guessing we'll see pop up again in Piston Peak, or at least I hope they do. Then on the other end, they cut out part of the fence that had Tom and Becky painted on it. And my guess is that this went into the archives since the entire fence wasn't removed. They've also slowly started to drain the river. You can see where the water level used to be on these rocks. Looks like this turtle found a new tanning spot and was definitely taking advantage of a very quiet Rivers of America. It shouldn't be too long before all the water is drained, which is something we've seen before. Only this time, they won't be filling it back up again with water. Now, since construction crews will need to cross the railroad tracks to demo and move materials in and out of the area, train service at Magic Kingdom has also been modified. The Walt Disney World Railroad is now offering shuttle service between Main Street and Storybook Circus. The Frontier Land station along with the rest of the railroad will be closed for the foreseeable future. Disney has modified the seats on the train to face both directions since you travel backwards now from Main Street to Storybook Circus. To add a bit more fun to this caboose's first journey, Stitch has been invited to be the co-conductor for the trip. Folks, say hello to experiment 626. Although you might know him as Mr. Conductor, can Stitch drive the train? I can do it. All aboard. It's actually pretty clever to have Stitch be the one driving the train backwards. He's up to his usual antics, but it does travel a lot slower going backwards than it does going forwards. I'm just glad they didn't close the railroad entirely like they did when they were building Tron. So, I guess that's a win. Number nine. In Walt Disney World refurbishment news, there are a couple of big projects to take note of. Here at Magic Kingdom, work on Big Thunder Mountain is making great progress. The last time we checked in, all the new track had been installed, and they were beginning their clearance envelope testing. After this process is successfully complete, they can begin installing new effects and scenic elements, but we probably won't see any of that until the ride reopens next year. With the Rivers of America closed and the train not running through Frontier Land, it's now very difficult to see the progress, but it was confirmed that the ride will be reopening with enhanced effects. This is believed to be the dynamite scene on the third liftill. And on the Liberty Bell's last voyage, new lighting effects were seen in that first liftill. Big Thunder Mountain is set to reopen at an unannounced date in 2026. In Tomorrowland, August 3rd marks the closing date of Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin as it undergoes a multimonth refurbishment. It's no secret that this ride has been feeling a bit tired lately, and the refurbishment will bring some muchneeded upgrades. First off, the ride vehicles are getting a complete makeover along with brand new handheld blasters equipped with a laser effect to help you aim better. We're going to have so much more control. Plus, new interactive Ztargets are being installed. And at the beginning of the ride, the Astro Accelerator will be replaced by a new animatronic named Buddy. He's an original character who will act as target practice to help your laser blaster aim and give you a quick check before you're off to defeat the evil Emperor Zurg. I am very excited for this ride update, but I really hope they also give some love to that Buzz animatronic. He really needs it. Like Thunder Mountain, Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin is also set to reopen at an unannounced date in 2026. Lastly, over at Epcot, Spaceship Earth will be closing for a refurbishment on August 24th, but the ride is expected to reopen later this year. Since Disney hasn't really said much in regards to the refurbishment, I don't expect to see any major changes aside from general maintenance. Those speakers at the top are due for replacement amongst other things in the ride. Since the reimagining of Spaceship Earth in 2008, the ride has never been closed for a multi-month refurbishment. It's always just been a couple of days here and there, so this refurb is definitely needed. Who knows, maybe there will be some surprises when it reopens, but I think we should probably keep our expectations low. With that said though, since the 2020 reimagining of the ride was shelved, I could see Spaceship Earth along with Figment being the next rides to receive complete overhauls. Now, wouldn't that be exciting? Number eight. On July 17th, Disneyland celebrated its 70th anniversary, which also marked the debut of the long awaited Walt Disney A Magical Life. When you first enter the opera house, there's an exhibit called The Evolution of a Dream, which showcases how Disneyland grew from Walt's idea into the theme park we all know today. There's all sorts of historic renderings in here, as well as some of the original furniture from Walt's fire station apartment. The next exhibit you'll find is the history of audio animatronic technology from Walt's time. And again, there are some really cool pieces on display. This includes Juan the Barker Bird from the Tiki Room and a couple of original pirates from Pirates of the Caribbean. The main event though in the opera house is the actual 17-minute presentation of Walt Disney a magical life. It begins with the one man's dream film now narrated by CEO Bob Iger. The story of Walt's life is truly a magical one and no one could tell it quite like Walt himself. Then the curtain pulls back to reveal Walt Disney himself. Also to have the the public uh appreciate and accept what I've done all these years. That that is a great reward. One of the most impressive moments is when Walt stands up to speak to the audience. Finally, he looked at me and said, "Mr. Disney, just what do you do?" Well, I said, "Sometimes I think of myself as a little bee. I go from one area of the studio to another and gather pollen and sort of stimulate everybody." Imagineers used archival recordings of Walt Disney that were cleaned up and processed to sound like audio from 2025 and not from 1960. This processing did get rid of a lot of the grit in Walt's voice, but to be fair, we're only really used to hearing Walt Disney speak through microphones from the ' 50s and60s. He would have sounded a lot different in person. Now, there's been a lot of discourse about whether this looks like Walt Disney or not, and I will admit, I don't think the face sculpt is 100% accurate. Certain angles look more like Walt than others, but his movements are very impressive, especially the hands. After all, this is Imagineering's most advanced humanoid animatronic they've built, and you can tell that they've put a lot of work into creating this figure. I haven't seen the show yet in person, but when I've talked to others who have, they've really enjoyed it. I can't wait to see it. Walt Disney I Magical Life is running continuously in the Main Street Opera House, but once the 70th anniversary celebrations are concluded, it will then run in rotation with great moments with Mr. Lincoln. Number seven. Whether you love it or hate it, you can't deny that It's a Small World is a classic Disney attraction. Well, just for Disneyland's 70th anniversary, a new verse was added to the finale of the ride. Richard Sherman actually wrote the new verse for It's a Small World prior to his passing in May of 2024. Not only did the new verse debut in the ride at Disneyland, but here at Magic Kingdom, you can also hear it in the finale. [Music] The new verse really fits the whole tone and message of It's a Small World. [Music] It's even more special that it came from one of the original composers and lyricists. I think the new audio recording seamlessly blends in with the original and it sounds like this will be a permanent change to both attractions. Number six. As soon as Muppet Courtyard closed at the beginning of June in Hollywood Studios, work officially began on the new Monsters Inc. Land. Construction walls block off this section of the park, and they've wasted no time beginning demolition. Within the span of just a couple of days, Muppete courtyard went from looking like this to the stage one company store being completely demolished. The building came down very, very fast. And in this picture from Bio Reconstruct on Twitter, you can see that it's only a pile of rubble that remains. With the stage 1 building gone, it really opens up the courtyard a lot more. Now, here on the construction wall, Disney has put up concept art for the new Monsters Inc. Land. And much to our surprise, there were some positive changes. First off, the old Muppet Vision Theater is now called the Glob, which is a pun on the iconic Globe Theater, and this will be home to a brand new theater show. The big change though in the art has the Door Coaster building pushed back quite a bit. This is the original, and then this is the art from the construction wall. An entire new plaza was added to the front of the building, which now looks a lot more like this piece of concept art that was originally shown at D23. Creating the plaza will really open up the space a lot. And it seems like there's some sort of play structure back here as well. Now, the door coaster will be the first suspended roller coaster in any Disney theme park, and it's going to be exactly like the movie. In the station, our train will load on ground level. Then, just like the film, our door is hoisted up onto the track. Then, before we know it, we'll be on this high-speed adventure through the door warehouse. At D23, they had this model on display, which does give us a good idea of the layout. It appears to be a pretty large show building. And in a recent aerial shot from Bio Reconstruct on Twitter, you can see that they've dug out the perimeter of the show building. When you compare it to the land as a whole, you can see just how massive it is. This got me thinking what the distance was from the fence at the back of Muppet Courtyard to the front of the Door Coaster show building. So, by using Google Earth, I measured it and it appears to be about 255 ft, give or take a bit, over and under. To put that into perspective, this is approximately the same distance from the top of Grand Avenue up to the entrance into Galaxy's Edge. So, that's quite a bit of space. I mean, Monstropolis with the Door Coaster is a true expansion. and I am very excited to track its progress. Number five, staying here at Hollywood Studios, get ready to say goodbye to Animation Courtyard as we know it today because some big changes were just announced. Come 2026, this area is going to be reimagined into the Walt Disney Studios lot in California. And with that comes some brand new experiences. First off, Disney is going back to their roots and will be transforming Star Wars Launch Bay into the magic of Disney animation. Before Launchbay opened in 2016, this used to be the animation building. And honestly, Launch Bay has overstayed its welcome. The return to honoring Disney animation is a very welcome change. Now, the magic of Disney animation is going to bring us into the animation building from California while taking inspiration from the Emmy-winning short Once Upon a Studio. You'll get to tour the building and see the different departments. But since the animators have stepped away, tons of Disney characters bring the building right to life. Interactive portraits will come to life. There's going to be a presentation of a short film, tons of indoor character meet and greets, plus the return of the animation academy where we'll be able to draw some of our favorite Disney characters. Then for the little ones, there's going to be an interactive play area called Drawn to Wonderland. It'll be themed after Alice in Wonderland and will be filled with an oversized flower garden with musical instruments, a mad tea party playset, and a tuggly wood exploration area. In the attraction poster, Mushu and Stitch are prominently featured characters, and this is no coincidence. Their respected movies were the two animated films that were completely animated here in Florida. That's right, Mulan and Lilo and Stitch were fully animated here at the animation studios at what used to be Disney MGM Studios. In addition to the changes inside the animation building, we can also expect a brand new Disney Junior show to debut in the sound stage. My guess is that it's going to be the new Mickey Mouse Clubhouse show that just debuted in California, but there is no official confirmation of this just yet. I mean, compared to the concrete jungle that's here today, the new reimagining of the courtyard looks great. I love that they're going back to the old tan, maroon, and teal color scheme for the soundstages. All of the trees and landscaping really softens the area. But the biggest change is the removal of the old MGM Studios arch. It's been replaced by the same entrance you'd find at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank. Although, it's sad to lose a piece of park history like this. It's going to really open up the space to Hollywood Boulevard. And the sorcerer hat on the animation building will act as the weenie. This will just draw more people into the land. I mean, who knew we'd be getting a sorcerer hat back at Hollywood Studios. Now, mark your calendars for September 24th because that will be the very last day to experience Star Wars Launch Bay and Disney Jr. Just note that during construction, The Little Mermaid, a musical adventure will remain open. And if you haven't seen the show yet, you need to see it. It's a fantastic production. [Music] [Applause] Number four. Last year, Walt Disney Imagineering was doing some play testing with the BDX droids in Disneyland's Galaxy's Edge. And right now, until August 30th, you can catch them here at Hollywood Studios. Seeing these little droids in person is really cool, and it's so much fun to interact with them. I was really looking forward to seeing them, but every time I went into Galaxy's Edge, I had zero luck finding them. I checked the app when I was there and I didn't see them listed. Maybe I just missed them, but the BDX droids are in there now. It gives you all the times and locations you can find them, but generally they're out about seven times per day. Hopefully, you have better luck finding them than I did because they make Batu just that much more immersive. Number three, back over at Magic Kingdom, Adventureland is getting ready to welcome the Beak and Barrel, which is the new Pirates of the Caribbean themed bar. The construction wall has moved over a bit to allow for installation of the new sign. And it sounds like the interior is almost complete. Over on the Imagineering Instagram page, they recently shared a video which gives us our first peek inside the bar, which will be made up of two main rooms. First, there's the mess, which is where you'll find the physical bar, and that's what they're installing here. This is all real handcarved wood, and the mess is where we can expect to find Remy the Parrot. Then, beside that, there's the captain's quarters, which is more like a lounge. Here, they also used handcarved wood on the booths to tell the story of Captain Jack Sparrow, and the detail is quite impressive. When this all comes together with lighting and set dressings, it's going to add so much warmth and character to the bar. Now, lastly, they also showcased this room, which is called the mapmakers room, and that can be found to the left of the main bar. My guess is that this is just another little room that'll have additional seating. So far, what they've shown though looks to be very, very promising, and it's filled with all that detail and storytelling you'd expect from Disney. There will also be interactive elements throughout the entire bar, and this will include some storytelling, singalongs, and other surprises. The Beacon Barrel will be open to guests of all ages and will serve a mix of small bites, non-alcoholic drinks, and cocktails for guests over 21. It has been confirmed that this will be reservation only, and like OG's Cantina, it will have a dining time of 45 minutes. The Beacon Barrel is set to open in late 2025, but something tells me we'll be seeing this open just after summer ends. I don't know, it's just my hunch, but we got to keep our eyes peeled for an opening date. Number two. On July 20th, the long awaited Disney Starlight made its official debut at Magic Kingdom. In this new nighttime parade, the Blue Fairy brings the dreams and wishes of many beloved Disney stories to life. It really feels like classic Disney. The nine floats are absolutely stunning with some pretty impressive kinetics and surprises along the way. Highlights for me would have to be the Cocoa Float, Peter Pan, and then Whimsy the Train. It's a quintessential finale moment with a great mix of Disney characters and an awesome part of the soundtrack. And speaking of the soundtrack as a whole, I thought it was a really nice blend of the old and new. There's parts with that lush orchestral sound that's synonymous with Disney, and then there's more electronic sounds which call back to the Main Street Electrical Parade. The main theme song was stuck in my head for days. It was very, very catchy. Honestly, it feels so great having a nighttime parade back at the park. But my only major criticism is that the parade needs more ground performers. Whether that's dancers or more Disney characters, it just needs to be beefed up a bit. There are dancers in the parade, but a lot of the times it's hard to see them or they're carrying props, which does constrict their choreography. Hopefully, there's still room to make some changes, but the good thing is that the floats were done right. If you're interested, I do have a multi-angle video of the full parade here on the channel. And then if you're at the park, you can catch Disney Starlight twice a night. It's performed at 9 and 11:00 p.m. with Happily Ever After scheduled at 10:00 p.m. And generally, the second performance isn't as busy as the first since the park does close at 11:00 p.m. Now, just note that with afterhour party season approaching for Halloween and then Christmas on these select nights, Disney Starlight will not perform. So, if you want to see the parade, definitely plan your Magic Kingdom days accordingly. [Music] Just like that. Number one. On July 22nd, the reimagined test track officially reopened, and I got to say, Epcot is back. The Imagineers who worked on this project really brought the edutainment aspect back into the attraction. It feels like old school Epcot all over again. It starts right from the queue where it now features a bunch of different exhibits showcasing the evolution of automotive technology. One of my favorite details is the fact that the windows up here were exposed again, so now you can see the cars zooming around the track while you're waiting in line. They did get rid of the designing your own car feature, but now the queue fills the entire space. I also love this moment here where you can see into the queue as you approach the seat belt check. Now, when it comes to the physical ride, it follows the exact same ride path as the previous versions of Test Track, but they did such a great job combining digital effects and physical sets to tell the story. Imagineers even incorporated smells into the ride, like pine in the forest and then burning rubber during that close call with the semi-truck. I was very impressed with the amount of physical sets, though. It definitely heightened the experience of the entire ride. But one standout wow moment that was achieved through projection has to be this scene here before you're propelled outdoors. Just the scale of it is really cool. Then once you're outside, it's still the same thrilling experience where you almost reach 65 mph, but dare I say it felt faster for some reason. Like before, Test Track offers a regular standby line, single rider, and it's part of the Lightning Lane multipass. So, on your next trip to Epcot, do not miss out on Test Track. So, what project are you most excited for at the Disney theme parks? I'd love to know. Leave a comment down below to start a conversation. And don't forget to hit that like button if you enjoyed the video.
