---
video_id: PRgVARAH-GY
channel: TPMvids
title: "Top 10 Hidden Secrets, Tips & Tricks of Super Nintendo World at Epic Universe- Universal Studios"
published: 2025-08-17
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PRgVARAH-GY
---
[Music] Welcome to TKM Vids, where we talk all about theme parks and more. If you're new to the channel and like what you see, hit that subscribe button and click the bell icon to be notified when we upload a new video. You can also find us on all your favorite social media platforms. [Music] Super Nintendo World at Universal Orlando's Epic Universe is bringing video games to life like never before. Kinetic energy radiates from every corner as the sights and sounds truly immerse you right into the video game world. It's a place where you can race through Bowser's Castle. Punch blocks for coins, visit Yoshi Island, and even hop into a mine cart straight out of Donkey Kong Country. With so much to do and see, it truly feels like a theme park within a theme park. Consider this your complete tour of the land. from tips to deliciously themed food, all the rides, and everything else in between. So sit back as we count down 10 tips, tricks, and secrets in Super Nintendo World. Number 10. It's not Super Nintendo without the characters. And here at Epic Universe, there are five different characters you can meet. The main trio you'll find are Mario, Luigi, and Princess Peach. They're all articulated characters with blinking eyes, moving mouths, and the ability to talk with guests. It's nice to meet you. Mario and Luigi appear together from the double doors to meet in the middle of the land, while Princess Peach greets guests from under the gazebo beside her castle on the second floor. These are the three guaranteed characters you can find in Super Nintendo World. But then, depending on the day, you might also catch Toad and Donkey Kong. I never spotted Toad during my visits, and it took several attempts before I finally caught Donkey Kong first thing in the morning. Each character set lasts around 15 minutes, and because the characters are so popular, the lines are cut almost immediately after they start. So, my advice, arrive at least 10 to 15 minutes before their scheduled set to secure your spot in line. [Applause] Number nine. One of the best ways to level up your time in Super Nintendo World is with a powerup band. In my opinion, it really enhances the experience since so much of the land is interactive. There are eight different character bands available for $48 after tax. They are a little pricier than when Super Nintendo World opened in Hollywood, but the good news is that the bands from Hollywood or Japan for that matter still work here at Epic Universe. You can buy a PowerUp band in almost any gift shop inside the land. Mario Motors, the OneUp Factory, and even the outdoor stands all have them available. Plus, you can even get them at the kiosk just before the park entrance. Once you have your van, open up the Universal Orlando app. Go to the immerse yourself tab. Click Universal Play in Super Nintendo World, then play now to scan your band. You can even set your own display name. Although, when I tried TPM Vids, it was apparently inappropriate, so that was kind of rude. Just note that if you are using a band from another park, you'll need to rescan it in the Universal Orlando app. As you make your way around the land, you'll see plenty of coin blocks. Without a band, you'll hear this. But with a powerup band, you'll hear. And that sound means you're collecting digital coins. Oh, and you can also earn stamps. For example, punching a question mark block gets you a stamp plus 15 coins. I mean, it's a lot of fun, but punching blocks is just the beginning, and there are many more interactive elements to discover. Number eight, if you have a powerup band, another thing you can't miss are the key challenge mini games. There are five of them here at Epic Universe, which can all be identified with a golden key icon. First up is Piranha Plant Nap Mishap, where you race to turn off all the alarm clocks before the Piranha Plant wakes up. This one's easier with more than two people since you'll be running around a lot. Doing it solo, it's quite the workout. [Music] Next is Goomba Crazy Crank, where you spin the wheel as fast as possible to knock down the Goomba. It's very straightforward, but it's still my favorite game. Then there's Thamp Panel Panic, which can be found tucked inside this mini cave. The objective is to flip all the panels to one color of your choice. It sounds simple enough, but it's surprisingly tricky again, especially when you're solo. Over at Koopa Troopa Power Punch, you need to time your POW block punch so the last block lights up with the shell in the middle of the pipe. Getting the timing just right is especially challenging if you're on the hard mode. Then the final game is a bit hidden, but the entrance to the Ba Bomb Kaboom Room is behind Koopa Troopa Power Punch. Before reaching the game, you'll find other blocks and small games like this one on the back wall, which is activated by hitting the block on the right. Once you follow the arrows and bomb bombs, you'll shrink down before entering the main room. This is my favorite little detail. Once you make it inside, you'll collect puzzle pieces scattered around the play area and assemble them to create the key. It's much easier with two or more players where one collects and then one assembles. I tried it solo and failed miserably, so hopefully you have better luck. You can replay key challenges as often as you like, but once you beat that game, every subsequent attempt that day switches automatically to hard mode. Number seven, you are not collecting keys for nothing. Once you have at least three, you can take on Bowser Jr. and Shadow Showdown to win back the golden mushroom. Shadow Showdown is located right beside Thamp Panel Panic, so you cannot miss it. Once you scan your band and verify your three keys, you can enter Bowser Junior's Castle. One powerup band supports up to four players in Shadow Showdown, so not everyone in the group needs to have one. Now, the theming in here is just perfect. The walls are lined with portraits of Bowser Jr., plus there are more blocks and interactive touch points. After the pre-show briefing room on how to play, you'll enter the chamber and head to your assigned number to begin the challenge. Filming isn't allowed in Orlando, so this footage is from Hollywood, but the game play and setup are the exact same. It's 2 minutes of swatting bombs, dodging bullet bills, and jumping for power-ups. It's a blast and you can replay it multiple times a day if you've stacked up enough keys. Wait times do drop later in the day. The highest I saw during peak hours was about 40 minutes with the lowest being around 10 minutes. Again, this can all change from day to day, but definitely take advantage of Shadow Showdown if you have the power up. [Music] Number six. Beyond coins and key challenges, Super Nintendo World is also full of interactive touch points, including eight hidden 8-bit characters. You just got to keep an eye out for the M icons because tapping it with your band makes a character appear. Mario here can be found leading into the Ba Bomb Kaboom Room. Once you continue along, you'll spot Peach, Goomba, and then the largest 8-bit character is Luigi. Inside the thamp panel panic cave, there's an 8-bit Koopa Troopa. Near Toad Stool Cafe, you'll find Toad. Plus, 8-bit Bowser is up on the staircase landing. The hardest one to spot is Litu, so you're going to want to enter the OneUp Factory near Donkey Kong Country. If you look to the left, you'll see the M icon on the wall. Each 8-bit character earns you a stamp and a onetime bonus of 45 coins. Also, as you're exploring the land, see how many hidden Pikmin you can spot. They're everywhere, including over in Donkey Kong Country. And speaking of Donkey Kong Country, the interactivity of the powerup band extends in here as well with the barrel slot machine, letter blocks to spell out Kong, and a lot more. One activity you cannot miss is Ramby's Bongo Breakout. And the best part is that you don't even need a powerup band to play. All you need to do is follow the beat on the bongos to reveal an animatronic ramp. [Music] Even in the Mushroom Kingdom, there's also a few places where you don't need the power band. You can still match icons on the slot machine and then play the note block rock following the lights to activate different songs. [Music] The AR binoculars are also worth a look. With a powerup band, they unlock secret areas and hidden characters, but even without one, they offer great views of the land in a new interactive way. As you can see, Super Nintendo World is really a giant living playable video game. I love that the Mushroom Kingdom and Donkey Kong Country both have unique vibes, and you can easily spend hours just collecting coins, stamps, and playing all the games. But there is so much more to explore. Number five, here in the Mushroom Kingdom, there are two rides. First, we'll look at Yoshi's Adventure, which can be found at the base of Mount Bean Pole. Your journey begins as you step through the warp pipe into a queue that brings Yoshi's Island to life. It's complete with giant Yoshi eggs and more interactive touch points along the way. Once you reach the treehouse, you'll board your Yoshi for a slowmoving omnim mover ride. It's relaxing, vibrant, and even has a built-in interactive element. You need to find the three colored eggs along the ride that will lead you to the golden egg. The ride is pretty charming and it's packed with a lot of kinetic energy. Although, I wish there was more than one indoor scene. With a ride time of about 4 minutes, it's not the shortest ride, but it's not the longest either. If you're waiting more than 30 minutes, though, you might feel a little underwhelmed, but if you're traveling with younger ones, they'll definitely love Yoshi's Adventure. [Music] Number four, the main restaurant of Super Nintendo World is Toad Stool Cafe, which is where Toad and his staff have been cooking up Italian American dishes. Once you place your order and are seated at a table, the food is delivered by a team member. While you wait, you can watch the toads in the kitchen or look out at the Mushroom Kingdom. Also, every 15 minutes, Bowser's airship passes by. The music gets all ominous, the lights turn blue, and all the toads freak out. It's great. Now, when it comes to the food, unfortunately, it was a bit disappointing compared to how much I enjoyed the restaurant in Hollywood. I tried multiple dishes over two visits, and while the theming is fun, the flavors often fell very flat. Here's a short rundown of what I tried. First up is the Superstar Lemon Squash Drink, which was a solid five stars. It's a honeylemon soda, which wasn't overly sweet, with mango and tropical boba. Honestly, one of the best things at Toad Stool Cafe. Then for appetizers, there's the super mushroom soup, which gets one star. It was served in a cute mushroom bowl, but sadly it had almost no flavor, and I love mushrooms. There's also garlic knots shaped like little mushrooms, which I'd actually give four stars to. I tried the one that came with the kids powerup spaghetti, and it was good. It had a nice garlic parmesan flavor, but in terms of the spaghetti itself, that gets two stars. The tomato sauce had zero flavor and needed seasoning. I get that it's a kids meal, but kids need seasoning, too. Now, for the main dishes, we'll start with the Luigi burger, which was my favorite in Hollywood. But surprise, surprise, here at Epic Universe, the chicken pesto burger lacked flavor, earning this 1.5 stars. Thankfully, the chicken was at least moist. But whatever Toad is working in the kitchen is seriously allergic to salt. The truffle fries had no seasoning either, but thankfully the garlic ioli helped. Then I tried the fireflour spaghetti and meatballs, which gets three and a half stars. The sauce was tasty and on the spicier side, but the noodles themselves needed salt. Come on, Toads. The redeeming factor of this dish, though, were the meatballs, which were very juicy and full of tons of flavor. I didn't try it, but this leads me to believe that the Bowser's Fireball Challenge meatball would be delicious. Finally, I tried the Chef Toad herb chicken special, and the chicken was especially dry, earning this two stars. It had an overly tangy lemon cream sauce, but the best part was honestly the spinach and the potatoes. Then for dessert, my favorite was definitely the Mountain Bean Pole cake, which gets a solid five-star rating. It was a cake spin on Neapolitan ice cream with chocolate pudding, strawberry mousse, and vanilla cookie cake topped with a matcha mousse. Really, really delicious. Now, another downside to Toad Stool Cafe was that the service was very slow. Food often took over 30 minutes to arrive on top of the 25 minutes it took to get a table. On my first time eating here, I saw Bowser's airship twice before my meal even showed up. So, my advice is to visit during non- peak dining times. Also, definitely use the Universal app to place your order while waiting for a table. That way, the kitchen can start preparing your food as soon as you're seated. If your heart is set on eating at Toad Stool Cafe, I'd suggest the Mario Burger as a safe choice and the desserts. But honestly, you might want to save your appetite for the snacks in the land because that is coming up next. Number three, the food at Toad Stool Cafe may have been hit or miss, but when it comes to snacks and drinks, Super Nintendo World really delivers. First stop in the Mushroom Kingdom is Yoshi's Snack Island, which serves calzones and smoothies. I tried the Red Shell Kzone, which gets a solid five stars. This was the meat option filled with Italian meat sauce and cheese. Honestly, it was better than anything I ate at Toad Sto Cafe. I then had Yoshi's smoothie in the apple melon flavor, which also gets a solid five stars. It was creamy, sweet, and had a refreshing apple melon tang. Over in Donkey Kong Country, you're going to want to head over to the bubbly barrel for the DK crushed float. I give this four and a half stars, but it's pineapple soda topped with banana pineapple soft serve served in a waffle bowl. You can even get it in a souvenir glass. The ice cream flavor was spot-on. The waffle bowl was delicious, and overall it wasn't heavy. It was actually lighter than the Yoshi float. So, if you're looking for quick, tasty themed treats, the snack stands here in Super Nintendo World are definitely worth making time for. Number two, the headline attraction in the Mushroom Kingdom is Mario Kart Bowser's Challenge, which just happens to be one of the park's most popular rides. Now, whether you do standby, express, or single rider, your journey starts in Bowser's Castle. On this visit, I went through the single rider, which skips parts of the queue. But during previews, I saw the full experience. This includes Bowser's library and factory, where he's building ba bombs and bullet bills. Eventually, you'll grab your Mario hat before heading into the broadcast room for the pre-show. But just note that Single Rider skips most of this queue. You're taken straight to where you pick up your hat and then you have to head down the massive staircase to the loading area. As an accessibility note here, anytime there's a staircase, there's at least one elevator. This applies throughout the entire land as well because there are a lot of stairs here in Super Nintendo World. Well, once you're in the load station for Mario Kart, each ride vehicle seat has an AR visor that snaps onto your hat. If you have a power up and remember to tap the center of your steering wheel to earn coins and stamps. Now, sure, the ride itself isn't fast, but it's a classic modern dark ride with huge physical sets, animatronics, and an AR overlay that brings the race right to life. Without the AR, it's hard to judge from video alone because it's a completely different ride with it. Luckily, in Hollywood, I was able to film through the AR goggles, so you can get a better sense of the experience. It looks blurry on camera, and you're only seeing one side of the lens, but in person, I promise you, the animation is crystal clear. The ride is a lot of fun once you get used to aiming and firing shells by moving your head. It has a great ratability factor. Only wait times here at Epic Universe can be extremely long. I'm talking over an hour and a half. So, if you're staying at a Universal Hotel, use your early entry to ride first thing in the morning. I would even do Yoshi first, then quickly get into line for Mario Kart before it opens to regular day guests. Otherwise, if you're not staying at a Universal Hotel, I would try later in the evening or see if Single Rider is open. When I went at 6 p.m., standby was 65 minutes, but Single Rider only took 15. With a ride time of about 5 minutes, Mario Kart Bowser's Challenge is a really fun ride that truly makes you feel like you're right in the game. Number one, crossing into Donkey Kong Country, the vibe completely shifts where here it's all about barrels, bananas, and broken tracks. It sets the stage perfectly for Donkey Kong Minecart Madness. Super Nintendo World is all about bringing video games to life, and this coaster does it in a way that's never been done before. The premise of Minecart Madness is that we're on a journey to help Donkey Kong protect the golden banana. Yes, that golden banana right there. Whether you choose standby or single rider, you'll pass through the queue, getting the chance to see Cranky Kong and his parrot, Squawks. They were both very impressive animatronics. I need all of you to hop in these here minecarts and help the DK crew chase those blackheaded tiki tacks out of the temple. Do you mean me? Then once you reach the load station, your adventure begins to protect the golden banana. The ride does such a great job of recreating those iconic minecart levels from the classic Donkey Kong Country games. The illusion of jumping broken tracks is made possible by the boom coaster technology. The train actually rides on a hidden track below, allowing it to leap over gaps. With a majority of the ride taking place outdoors, the track is filled with tons of sharp turns and tight drops, but there are also a few indoor sections where you'll encounter close calls with some familiar characters. Now, it's not the smoothest coaster, which does add to its charm. And then the onboard soundtrack and sound effects just tie everything together really nicely. Universal hasn't released an official top speed, but it feels much slower than Hiccup Swing Gliders. I'd estimate it being around 30 mph, keeping it in the family coaster category. With a ride time of nearly 2 minutes, Minecart Madness is thrilling without being too intense, and it's the perfect finale to your Super Nintendo World Day. So, what are your thoughts on Super Nintendo World? Do you have any plans on visiting Epic Universe? I'd love to know. Leave a comment down below to start a conversation. And don't forget to hit that like button if you enjoyed the video. [Music]
