---
video_id: -h1ukXAhAv4
channel: TPMvids
title: "Top 10 New Disney Rides & Attractions Coming in 2026 - Disney World, Disneyland & Paris"
published: 2025-12-21
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-h1ukXAhAv4
---
Welcome to [music] TPMVids DisneyBE Welcome to [music] TPMVids DisneyBE Welcome to [music] TPMVids DisneyBE where we talk about all things Disney. where we talk about all things Disney. where we talk about all things Disney. [music] If you're new to the channel and [music] If you're new to the channel and [music] If you're new to the channel and like what you see, hit that subscribe like what you see, hit that subscribe like what you see, hit that subscribe button and click the bell icon to be button and click the bell icon to be button and click the bell icon to be notified [music] when we upload a new notified [music] when we upload a new notified [music] when we upload a new video. You can also find us on all your video. You can also find us on all your video. You can also find us on all your favorite social media platforms. Disney theme parks. And with 2026 just Disney theme parks. And with 2026 just Disney theme parks. And with 2026 just around the corner, there are some great around the corner, there are some great around the corner, there are some great things in store. So, get ready for things in store. So, get ready for things in store. So, get ready for another action-packed year as we count another action-packed year as we count another action-packed year as we count down the top 10 new rides and down the top 10 new rides and down the top 10 new rides and attractions coming to the Disney parks attractions coming to the Disney parks attractions coming to the Disney parks in 2026. in 2026. in 2026. [music] Number 10, we're going to start off with Number 10, we're going to start off with Number 10, we're going to start off with Frozen Ever After at Epcot, where the Frozen Ever After at Epcot, where the Frozen Ever After at Epcot, where the animatronics will all be getting a animatronics will all be getting a animatronics will all be getting a facelift come 2026. When the ride opened facelift come 2026. When the ride opened facelift come 2026. When the ride opened in June of 2016, the projected faces in June of 2016, the projected faces in June of 2016, the projected faces never really received a positive never really received a positive never really received a positive reaction [music] from guests. Well, in reaction [music] from guests. Well, in reaction [music] from guests. Well, in February of 2026, we can expect brand February of 2026, we can expect brand February of 2026, we can expect brand new physical faces for Anna, Elsa, and new physical faces for Anna, Elsa, and new physical faces for Anna, Elsa, and Kristoff. They will look identical to Kristoff. They will look identical to Kristoff. They will look identical to what we've seen with Frozen Ever After what we've seen with Frozen Ever After what we've seen with Frozen Ever After in Hong Kong, as well as the in Hong Kong, as well as the in Hong Kong, as well as the animatronics at Tokyo Disneyland. It's a animatronics at Tokyo Disneyland. It's a animatronics at Tokyo Disneyland. It's a big improvement, and I'm really glad to big improvement, and I'm really glad to big improvement, and I'm really glad to see Disney taking this step to fix their see Disney taking this step to fix their see Disney taking this step to fix their past mistakes. Now, to allow for these past mistakes. Now, to allow for these past mistakes. Now, to allow for these changes to take place, the ride will changes to take place, the ride will changes to take place, the ride will close on January 26th and will later close on January 26th and will later close on January 26th and will later reopen on an unannounced day in reopen on an unannounced day in reopen on an unannounced day in February. So, your last day to see the February. So, your last day to see the February. So, your last day to see the projected faces will be January 25th. projected faces will be January 25th. projected faces will be January 25th. Ever since the ride opened in 2016, it's Ever since the ride opened in 2016, it's Ever since the ride opened in 2016, it's never undergone a refurb that's lasted never undergone a refurb that's lasted never undergone a refurb that's lasted more than 4 days, so I'm sure we'll see more than 4 days, so I'm sure we'll see more than 4 days, so I'm sure we'll see some other general maintenance done some other general maintenance done some other general maintenance done during this downtime as well. during this downtime as well. during this downtime as well. Number nine. Number nine. Number nine. If you or your kids are fans of Bluey, If you or your kids are fans of Bluey, If you or your kids are fans of Bluey, well, get ready for 2026 because these well, get ready for 2026 because these well, get ready for 2026 because these adorable dogs will be coming to adorable dogs will be coming to adorable dogs will be coming to Disneyland and Animal Kingdom. First up Disneyland and Animal Kingdom. First up Disneyland and Animal Kingdom. First up over at Disneyland, beginning March over at Disneyland, beginning March over at Disneyland, beginning March to be transformed to welcome Bluey's to be transformed to welcome Bluey's to be transformed to welcome Bluey's Best Day Ever. Disney says this new show Best Day Ever. Disney says this new show Best Day Ever. Disney says this new show will have Blueie and Bingo take center will have Blueie and Bingo take center will have Blueie and Bingo take center stage alongside a troop of comedic stage alongside a troop of comedic stage alongside a troop of comedic actors and musicians to bring the best actors and musicians to bring the best actors and musicians to bring the best of the music and games from Blueie to of the music and games from Blueie to of the music and games from Blueie to life. It definitely sounds like it will life. It definitely sounds like it will life. It definitely sounds like it will be a very interactive experience for the be a very interactive experience for the be a very interactive experience for the little ones where they can just dance little ones where they can just dance little ones where they can just dance and let off some energy. Then over at and let off some energy. Then over at and let off some energy. Then over at Disney's Animal Kingdom, you're going to Disney's Animal Kingdom, you're going to Disney's Animal Kingdom, you're going to want to take the Wildlife Express to the want to take the Wildlife Express to the want to take the Wildlife Express to the conservation station because that's conservation station because that's conservation station because that's where you'll be able to find Bluey and where you'll be able to find Bluey and where you'll be able to find Bluey and Bingo come summer of 2026. Disney says Bingo come summer of 2026. Disney says Bingo come summer of 2026. Disney says you'll be able to dance and play some you'll be able to dance and play some you'll be able to dance and play some games from Bluey episodes with a fun games from Bluey episodes with a fun games from Bluey episodes with a fun animal twist. Then outside, you'll also animal twist. Then outside, you'll also animal twist. Then outside, you'll also be able to see some animals from be able to see some animals from be able to see some animals from Australia. Just judging by Bluey's Australia. Just judging by Bluey's Australia. Just judging by Bluey's popularity, I could see this being the popularity, I could see this being the popularity, I could see this being the busiest the train has ever been at busiest the train has ever been at busiest the train has ever been at Animal Kingdom. With Blueie moving into Animal Kingdom. With Blueie moving into Animal Kingdom. With Blueie moving into Conservation Station, this probably Conservation Station, this probably Conservation Station, this probably means we'll be saying goodbye to the means we'll be saying goodbye to the means we'll be saying goodbye to the animation experience. But thankfully animation experience. But thankfully animation experience. But thankfully though, it will be returning to another though, it will be returning to another though, it will be returning to another Disney World theme park, which we'll Disney World theme park, which we'll Disney World theme park, which we'll discuss a little later on. discuss a little later on. discuss a little later on. Number eight. Number eight. Number eight. Next, we're going to shift gears and Next, we're going to shift gears and Next, we're going to shift gears and head on over to the Disneyland Paris head on over to the Disneyland Paris head on over to the Disneyland Paris Resort. You're going to want to mark Resort. You're going to want to mark Resort. You're going to want to mark your calendars for March 29th because your calendars for March 29th because your calendars for March 29th because that is the official day that the Walt that is the official day that the Walt that is the official day that the Walt Disney Studios Park officially Disney Studios Park officially Disney Studios Park officially transforms into Disney Adventure World. transforms into Disney Adventure World. transforms into Disney Adventure World. This reimagining will almost double the This reimagining will almost double the This reimagining will almost double the size of the park. And right at the size of the park. And right at the size of the park. And right at the center of the transformation is the center of the transformation is the center of the transformation is the all-new World of Frozen. Here you're all-new World of Frozen. Here you're all-new World of Frozen. Here you're going to step right into Arendelle, going to step right into Arendelle, going to step right into Arendelle, featuring the North Mountain crowned by featuring the North Mountain crowned by featuring the North Mountain crowned by Elsa's ice palace towering over this Elsa's ice palace towering over this Elsa's ice palace towering over this lakeside village. So far, everything in lakeside village. So far, everything in lakeside village. So far, everything in this land looks stunning. The main this land looks stunning. The main this land looks stunning. The main attraction here is Frozen Ever After, attraction here is Frozen Ever After, attraction here is Frozen Ever After, which is essentially the same version of which is essentially the same version of which is essentially the same version of the ride that opened at Hong Kong the ride that opened at Hong Kong the ride that opened at Hong Kong Disneyland. It's based off the ride at Disneyland. It's based off the ride at Disneyland. It's based off the ride at Epcot [music] and will feature all the Epcot [music] and will feature all the Epcot [music] and will feature all the same scenes plus the updated same scenes plus the updated same scenes plus the updated animatronics. Then there's a new quick animatronics. Then there's a new quick animatronics. Then there's a new quick service restaurant called the Nordic service restaurant called the Nordic service restaurant called the Nordic Crowns Tavern, which will offer dishes Crowns Tavern, which will offer dishes Crowns Tavern, which will offer dishes inspired by Nordic cuisine. [music] inspired by Nordic cuisine. [music] inspired by Nordic cuisine. [music] Royal Encounter at Arendelle Castle will Royal Encounter at Arendelle Castle will Royal Encounter at Arendelle Castle will give you an opportunity to walk through give you an opportunity to walk through give you an opportunity to walk through the castle's portrait galleries and then the castle's portrait galleries and then the castle's portrait galleries and then meet Anna and Elsa. Plus, there's a new meet Anna and Elsa. Plus, there's a new meet Anna and Elsa. Plus, there's a new show on the water. Multiple times per show on the water. Multiple times per show on the water. Multiple times per day, you'll have a chance to experience day, you'll have a chance to experience day, you'll have a chance to experience Celebration in Arendelle. This new Celebration in Arendelle. This new Celebration in Arendelle. This new Kristoff, and a group of villagers Kristoff, and a group of villagers Kristoff, and a group of villagers arriving on massive Viking ships. The arriving on massive Viking ships. The arriving on massive Viking ships. The show will be filled with tons of music, show will be filled with tons of music, show will be filled with tons of music, including a new original song. And this including a new original song. And this including a new original song. And this is also where the brand new Olaf is also where the brand new Olaf is also where the brand new Olaf animatronic comes to life. Walt Disney animatronic comes to life. Walt Disney animatronic comes to life. Walt Disney Imagineering has developed this Imagineering has developed this Imagineering has developed this life-size interactive version of Olaf life-size interactive version of Olaf life-size interactive version of Olaf that feels like the animated character that feels like the animated character that feels like the animated character has jumped right off the screen. He's has jumped right off the screen. He's has jumped right off the screen. He's just so adorable. Not to mention the just so adorable. Not to mention the just so adorable. Not to mention the level of realism Imagineers were able to level of realism Imagineers were able to level of realism Imagineers were able to achieve. Now, beyond Arendelle, the achieve. Now, beyond Arendelle, the achieve. Now, beyond Arendelle, the expansion coming to Disney Adventure expansion coming to Disney Adventure expansion coming to Disney Adventure World also introduces Adventure Bay. World also introduces Adventure Bay. World also introduces Adventure Bay. This will become the stage for a brand This will become the stage for a brand This will become the stage for a brand new nighttime [music] spectacular called new nighttime [music] spectacular called new nighttime [music] spectacular called Disney Cascade of Lights. This allnew Disney Cascade of Lights. This allnew Disney Cascade of Lights. This allnew nighttime spectacular will have a score nighttime spectacular will have a score nighttime spectacular will have a score filled with many Disney tunes as filled with many Disney tunes as filled with many Disney tunes as fountains, projections, pyrochnics, fountains, projections, pyrochnics, fountains, projections, pyrochnics, [music] [music] [music] and 379 drones bring the show to life. and 379 drones bring the show to life. and 379 drones bring the show to life. Then along the new avenue down Adventure Then along the new avenue down Adventure Then along the new avenue down Adventure Way, you'll also find Rapunzel Tangled Way, you'll also find Rapunzel Tangled Way, you'll also find Rapunzel Tangled Spin. This is where riders will twirl in Spin. This is where riders will twirl in Spin. This is where riders will twirl in lantern lit gondilas set to the music lantern lit gondilas set to the music lantern lit gondilas set to the music from Tangled. Then there is the gazebo from Tangled. Then there is the gazebo from Tangled. Then there is the gazebo gardens as well as the new Disney gardens as well as the new Disney gardens as well as the new Disney princess character dining location princess character dining location princess character dining location called the Regal View Restaurant. Plus, called the Regal View Restaurant. Plus, called the Regal View Restaurant. Plus, there will also be daily performances there will also be daily performances there will also be daily performances from the Disney marching band where from the Disney marching band where from the Disney marching band where Minnie Mouse and her 12 musicians parade Minnie Mouse and her 12 musicians parade Minnie Mouse and her 12 musicians parade down Adventure Way. Then later on, an down Adventure Way. Then later on, an down Adventure Way. Then later on, an upthemed swinging ride will be opening. upthemed swinging ride will be opening. upthemed swinging ride will be opening. Plus, work on the second expansion Plus, work on the second expansion Plus, work on the second expansion [music] featuring a Lion King themed [music] featuring a Lion King themed [music] featuring a Lion King themed area is already underway. There are so area is already underway. There are so area is already underway. There are so many exciting things happening over here many exciting things happening over here many exciting things happening over here at Disney Adventure World in 2026, and I at Disney Adventure World in 2026, and I at Disney Adventure World in 2026, and I cannot wait to check it all out next cannot wait to check it all out next cannot wait to check it all out next year. Number seven, Number seven, Number seven, Big Thunder Mountain at Magic Kingdom Big Thunder Mountain at Magic Kingdom Big Thunder Mountain at Magic Kingdom has been closed for refurbishment since has been closed for refurbishment since has been closed for refurbishment since January of 2025, and it was recently January of 2025, and it was recently January of 2025, and it was recently announced that the iconic Disney coaster announced that the iconic Disney coaster announced that the iconic Disney coaster will be reopening in spring of [music] will be reopening in spring of [music] will be reopening in spring of [music] Not only has the entire track been Not only has the entire track been Not only has the entire track been replaced, but we can also expect some replaced, but we can also expect some replaced, but we can also expect some new enhanced magic coming to the first new enhanced magic coming to the first new enhanced magic coming to the first liftill. After leaving the load station, liftill. After leaving the load station, liftill. After leaving the load station, we'll see hundreds of bats before it we'll see hundreds of bats before it we'll see hundreds of bats before it transitions into the rainbow caverns. transitions into the rainbow caverns. transitions into the rainbow caverns. When passing through, we're going to When passing through, we're going to When passing through, we're going to hear a crack of thunder and lightning, hear a crack of thunder and lightning, hear a crack of thunder and lightning, which then transforms the caverns into which then transforms the caverns into which then transforms the caverns into this ominous red color. It warns us to this ominous red color. It warns us to this ominous red color. It warns us to maybe not venture too far into the maybe not venture too far into the maybe not venture too far into the mines. It has been rumored that some mines. It has been rumored that some mines. It has been rumored that some enhancements will be also made to the enhancements will be also made to the enhancements will be also made to the third liftill, but there has been no third liftill, but there has been no third liftill, but there has been no concrete announcement about that. concrete announcement about that. concrete announcement about that. Originally, it was rumored that we'd get Originally, it was rumored that we'd get Originally, it was rumored that we'd get the dynamite scene from Disneyland, but the dynamite scene from Disneyland, but the dynamite scene from Disneyland, but earlier Disney mentioned something about earlier Disney mentioned something about earlier Disney mentioned something about the miners trying to get the motherload the miners trying to get the motherload the miners trying to get the motherload of gold that's just out of reach. To me, of gold that's just out of reach. To me, of gold that's just out of reach. To me, it sounds like something in this third it sounds like something in this third it sounds like something in this third liftill will probably deal with gold liftill will probably deal with gold liftill will probably deal with gold directly, further emphasizing the directly, further emphasizing the directly, further emphasizing the strange and unexpected events around the strange and unexpected events around the strange and unexpected events around the mine. Either way, come spring of 2026, mine. Either way, come spring of 2026, mine. Either way, come spring of 2026, Vic Thunder Mountain will be back Vic Thunder Mountain will be back Vic Thunder Mountain will be back looking better than ever. Number six, Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Number six, Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Number six, Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin at Magic Kingdom is another ride Spin at Magic Kingdom is another ride Spin at Magic Kingdom is another ride that has been closed for an extensive that has been closed for an extensive that has been closed for an extensive refurbishment and that will also be refurbishment and that will also be refurbishment and that will also be reopening in spring of 2026. Now, what reopening in spring of 2026. Now, what reopening in spring of 2026. Now, what can we expect when the ride reopens? can we expect when the ride reopens? can we expect when the ride reopens? Well, first off, we're getting brand new Well, first off, we're getting brand new Well, first off, we're getting brand new ride vehicles. They'll have a fresh ride vehicles. They'll have a fresh ride vehicles. They'll have a fresh design inspired by Buzz Lightyear and design inspired by Buzz Lightyear and design inspired by Buzz Lightyear and Star Command along with video monitors Star Command along with video monitors Star Command along with video monitors showing your realtime score. Plus, say showing your realtime score. Plus, say showing your realtime score. Plus, say goodbye to those stationary laser goodbye to those stationary laser goodbye to those stationary laser blasters, and hello to new handheld blasters, and hello to new handheld blasters, and hello to new handheld blasters equipped with a laser effect to blasters equipped with a laser effect to blasters equipped with a laser effect to help you aim better. You're going to help you aim better. You're going to help you aim better. You're going to have so much more control. Plus, all the have so much more control. Plus, all the have so much more control. Plus, all the static Z targets are being upgraded to static Z targets are being upgraded to static Z targets are being upgraded to be interactive. Then, at the beginning be interactive. Then, at the beginning be interactive. Then, at the beginning of the ride, a brand new scene is of the ride, a brand new scene is of the ride, a brand new scene is replacing the Astro Accelerator, replacing the Astro Accelerator, replacing the Astro Accelerator, featuring a new animatronic character featuring a new animatronic character featuring a new animatronic character named Buddy. He's going to act as target named Buddy. He's going to act as target named Buddy. He's going to act as target practice to help your aim and give you a practice to help your aim and give you a practice to help your aim and give you a quick check before you're off to defeat quick check before you're off to defeat quick check before you're off to defeat the evil Emperor Zerg. I'm also hoping the evil Emperor Zerg. I'm also hoping the evil Emperor Zerg. I'm also hoping we see a brand new updated Buzz we see a brand new updated Buzz we see a brand new updated Buzz Lightyear animatronic in the queue. And Lightyear animatronic in the queue. And Lightyear animatronic in the queue. And who knows, maybe there will be some who knows, maybe there will be some who knows, maybe there will be some other surprises in the ride. Prior to other surprises in the ride. Prior to other surprises in the ride. Prior to closing, Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger closing, Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger closing, Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin was feeling very tired. So, these Spin was feeling very tired. So, these Spin was feeling very tired. So, these updates will definitely infuse the ride updates will definitely infuse the ride updates will definitely infuse the ride with some brand new life. Number five, Millennium Falcon Smugglers Number five, Millennium Falcon Smugglers Number five, Millennium Falcon Smugglers Run opened in 2019, and next year we're Run opened in 2019, and next year we're Run opened in 2019, and next year we're finally going to be seeing the first finally going to be seeing the first finally going to be seeing the first major update coming to the ride. On May major update coming to the ride. On May major update coming to the ride. On May and Hollywood Studios will receive a and Hollywood Studios will receive a and Hollywood Studios will receive a brand new mission featuring Grou and the brand new mission featuring Grou and the brand new mission featuring Grou and the Mandalorian. This will completely Mandalorian. This will completely Mandalorian. This will completely replace the current Coaxium Heist. These replace the current Coaxium Heist. These replace the current Coaxium Heist. These here are some renderings from the new here are some renderings from the new here are some renderings from the new mission which will allow you to visit mission which will allow you to visit mission which will allow you to visit many iconic Star Wars locations. This many iconic Star Wars locations. This many iconic Star Wars locations. This includes Tatooine, Cloud City on the includes Tatooine, Cloud City on the includes Tatooine, Cloud City on the planet Vespin, and the wreckage of the planet Vespin, and the wreckage of the planet Vespin, and the wreckage of the second Death Star around the planet second Death Star around the planet second Death Star around the planet Endor. Disney has been working with Epic Endor. Disney has been working with Epic Endor. Disney has been working with Epic Games Unreal Engine to develop this new Games Unreal Engine to develop this new Games Unreal Engine to develop this new mission, which will still render mission, which will still render mission, which will still render everything in real time. Imagineers have everything in real time. Imagineers have everything in real time. Imagineers have also gone and reworked the roles within also gone and reworked the roles within also gone and reworked the roles within the cockpit, creating an even more the cockpit, creating an even more the cockpit, creating an even more interactive experience. Pilots will get interactive experience. Pilots will get interactive experience. Pilots will get expanded control over the ship. Gunners expanded control over the ship. Gunners expanded control over the ship. Gunners will see a better responsiveness from will see a better responsiveness from will see a better responsiveness from the updated rendering. And the best the updated rendering. And the best the updated rendering. And the best update is with the engineers. [music] update is with the engineers. [music] update is with the engineers. [music] They will now interact directly with They will now interact directly with They will now interact directly with Grou during key moments in the Grou during key moments in the Grou during key moments in the attraction. It's definitely going to attraction. It's definitely going to attraction. It's definitely going to bring a lot more excitement to the role. bring a lot more excitement to the role. bring a lot more excitement to the role. Plus, this new mission will bring a lot Plus, this new mission will bring a lot Plus, this new mission will bring a lot more excitement overall to the ride. more excitement overall to the ride. more excitement overall to the ride. Number four, Number four, Number four, Rock and Roller Coaster starring Rock and Roller Coaster starring Rock and Roller Coaster starring Aerosmith at Hollywood Studios has been Aerosmith at Hollywood Studios has been Aerosmith at Hollywood Studios has been thrilling parkgoers since 1999. Well, thrilling parkgoers since 1999. Well, thrilling parkgoers since 1999. Well, you have until March 1st to experience you have until March 1st to experience you have until March 1st to experience the ride with Aerosmith [music] the ride with Aerosmith [music] the ride with Aerosmith [music] because come summer of 2026, the ride because come summer of 2026, the ride because come summer of 2026, the ride will be rethemed to The Muppets. The will be rethemed to The Muppets. The will be rethemed to The Muppets. The transformation into Rock and Roller transformation into Rock and Roller transformation into Rock and Roller Coaster starring the Muppets has already Coaster starring the Muppets has already Coaster starring the Muppets has already begun with Disney recently blocking off begun with Disney recently blocking off begun with Disney recently blocking off the Aerosmith pre-show. Then come March the Aerosmith pre-show. Then come March the Aerosmith pre-show. Then come March [music] 2nd, the entire attraction will [music] 2nd, the entire attraction will [music] 2nd, the entire attraction will close to finish off the rest of the close to finish off the rest of the close to finish off the rest of the work. Now, when the ride reopens next work. Now, when the ride reopens next work. Now, when the ride reopens next [music] summer, it's still going to take [music] summer, it's still going to take [music] summer, it's still going to take place at GeForce Records, only now it's place at GeForce Records, only now it's place at GeForce Records, only now it's been purchased by Scooter's uncle, JP been purchased by Scooter's uncle, JP been purchased by Scooter's uncle, JP Gross. The Electric Mayhem have used Gross. The Electric Mayhem have used Gross. The Electric Mayhem have used GeForce Records to record all their GeForce Records to record all their GeForce Records to record all their latest hits, and this is where they latest hits, and this is where they latest hits, and this is where they could be found just jamming out. The could be found just jamming out. The could be found just jamming out. The only issue is that they are headlining only issue is that they are headlining only issue is that they are headlining their biggest concert in Hollywood this their biggest concert in Hollywood this their biggest concert in Hollywood this night and Scooter is trying his best to night and Scooter is trying his best to night and Scooter is trying his best to get Electric Mayhem to head to the get Electric Mayhem to head to the get Electric Mayhem to head to the concert. It has been confirmed that concert. It has been confirmed that concert. It has been confirmed that Scooter along with the penguins will be Scooter along with the penguins will be Scooter along with the penguins will be audio animatronic figures and then the audio animatronic figures and then the audio animatronic figures and then the Electric Mayhem along with Kermit and Electric Mayhem along with Kermit and Electric Mayhem along with Kermit and Miss Piggy will be screenbased media. Miss Piggy will be screenbased media. Miss Piggy will be screenbased media. Now, when it comes to the physical ride, Now, when it comes to the physical ride, Now, when it comes to the physical ride, Disney says with the help from our Disney says with the help from our Disney says with the help from our friends at Muppet Labs and a very fast friends at Muppet Labs and a very fast friends at Muppet Labs and a very fast limousine, we'll take a twisting, limousine, we'll take a twisting, limousine, we'll take a twisting, turning, and screamingly fun road trip turning, and screamingly fun road trip turning, and screamingly fun road trip across Hollywood to reach the concert in across Hollywood to reach the concert in across Hollywood to reach the concert in time. The iconic Hollywood scenery in time. The iconic Hollywood scenery in time. The iconic Hollywood scenery in the ride will also feature a Muppet the ride will also feature a Muppet the ride will also feature a Muppet twist, but I don't foresee any major twist, but I don't foresee any major twist, but I don't foresee any major changes to the layout of the scenery. changes to the layout of the scenery. changes to the layout of the scenery. Then, in terms of the coaster's music, Then, in terms of the coaster's music, Then, in terms of the coaster's music, expect to hear some of Electric Mayhem's expect to hear some of Electric Mayhem's expect to hear some of Electric Mayhem's most iconic hits. Essentially, most iconic hits. Essentially, most iconic hits. Essentially, Imagineers have just substituted Imagineers have just substituted Imagineers have just substituted Aerosmith with the Muppets. And Aerosmith with the Muppets. And Aerosmith with the Muppets. And honestly, I think this is the best way honestly, I think this is the best way honestly, I think this is the best way to go about this rethe. The ride is to go about this rethe. The ride is to go about this rethe. The ride is already laid out to fit this getting to already laid out to fit this getting to already laid out to fit this getting to the concert narrative. I really do hope the concert narrative. I really do hope the concert narrative. I really do hope we get a couple more animatronics in the we get a couple more animatronics in the we get a couple more animatronics in the load area, especially by the launch load area, especially by the launch load area, especially by the launch because there is room for so much more because there is room for so much more because there is room for so much more Muppet humor in here. Either way, still Muppet humor in here. Either way, still Muppet humor in here. Either way, still expect the same hair raising inversions expect the same hair raising inversions expect the same hair raising inversions and track layout when Rockn Roller and track layout when Rockn Roller and track layout when Rockn Roller Coaster reopens next summer. Number three, staying here at Hollywood Number three, staying here at Hollywood Number three, staying here at Hollywood Studios. Work on reimagining animation Studios. Work on reimagining animation Studios. Work on reimagining animation courtyard is well underway. Construction courtyard is well underway. Construction courtyard is well underway. Construction walls outline the entire area, but come walls outline the entire area, but come walls outline the entire area, but come summer of 2026, this will be reimagined summer of 2026, this will be reimagined summer of 2026, this will be reimagined into the Walt Disney Studios lot in into the Walt Disney Studios lot in into the Walt Disney Studios lot in California. The best part is that we can California. The best part is that we can California. The best part is that we can expect a bunch of brand new experiences. expect a bunch of brand new experiences. expect a bunch of brand new experiences. First off, Disney is going back to their First off, Disney is going back to their First off, Disney is going back to their roots and transforming Star Wars Launch roots and transforming Star Wars Launch roots and transforming Star Wars Launch Bay back into a space that celebrates Bay back into a space that celebrates Bay back into a space that celebrates animation with the magic of Disney animation with the magic of Disney animation with the magic of Disney animation. This reimagined space is animation. This reimagined space is animation. This reimagined space is going to bring us into the Disney going to bring us into the Disney going to bring us into the Disney animation building from California while animation building from California while animation building from California while taking inspiration from the Emmy taking inspiration from the Emmy taking inspiration from the Emmy award-winning short Once Upon a Studio. award-winning short Once Upon a Studio. award-winning short Once Upon a Studio. You'll get to tour the building and see You'll get to tour the building and see You'll get to tour the building and see the different departments. But since the the different departments. But since the the different departments. But since the animators have stepped away, tons of animators have stepped away, tons of animators have stepped away, tons of characters will be bringing the building characters will be bringing the building characters will be bringing the building right to life. This includes interactive right to life. This includes interactive right to life. This includes interactive [music] portraits. There's going to be a [music] portraits. There's going to be a [music] portraits. There's going to be a presentation of a short film, plus a presentation of a short film, plus a presentation of a short film, plus a brand new indoor meet and greet called brand new indoor meet and greet called brand new indoor meet and greet called Off the Page. Here, six unique Off the Page. Here, six unique Off the Page. Here, six unique departments from the animation studio departments from the animation studio departments from the animation studio will come to life with one character will come to life with one character will come to life with one character meeting in each station. It's already meeting in each station. It's already meeting in each station. It's already been confirmed that Rapunzel will meet been confirmed that Rapunzel will meet been confirmed that Rapunzel will meet in the background and layout department, in the background and layout department, in the background and layout department, and then Mulan will meet in the story and then Mulan will meet in the story and then Mulan will meet in the story department. Plus, there will be four department. Plus, there will be four department. Plus, there will be four other characters joining them. The magic other characters joining them. The magic other characters joining them. The magic of Disney animation also marks the of Disney animation also marks the of Disney animation also marks the return of the animation academy where return of the animation academy where return of the animation academy where we'll get the chance to draw some of our we'll get the chance to draw some of our we'll get the chance to draw some of our favorite Disney characters. Then for the favorite Disney characters. Then for the favorite Disney characters. Then for the little ones, there's going to be an little ones, there's going to be an little ones, there's going to be an indoor interactive play area called indoor interactive play area called indoor interactive play area called Drawn to Wonderland. It'll be themed Drawn to Wonderland. It'll be themed Drawn to Wonderland. It'll be themed after Alice in Wonderland and will be after Alice in Wonderland and will be after Alice in Wonderland and will be filled with an oversized flower garden filled with an oversized flower garden filled with an oversized flower garden with musical instruments, a matte tea with musical instruments, a matte tea with musical instruments, a matte tea party playset, and a Togi wood party playset, and a Togi wood party playset, and a Togi wood exploration area. The Magic of Disney exploration area. The Magic of Disney exploration area. The Magic of Disney animation is set to open late summer of animation is set to open late summer of animation is set to open late summer of stage, a new Disney Junior show will stage, a new Disney Junior show will stage, a new Disney Junior show will open earlier in the summer. This will be open earlier in the summer. This will be open earlier in the summer. This will be the new Mickey Mouse Clubhouse live show the new Mickey Mouse Clubhouse live show the new Mickey Mouse Clubhouse live show that debuted in California earlier this that debuted in California earlier this that debuted in California earlier this year. It's actually a really fun show year. It's actually a really fun show year. It's actually a really fun show for the little ones. Plus, it's a big for the little ones. Plus, it's a big for the little ones. Plus, it's a big upgrade compared to the DJ dance party upgrade compared to the DJ dance party upgrade compared to the DJ dance party that used to be in here. It was also that used to be in here. It was also that used to be in here. It was also announced that Cool Kid summer is making announced that Cool Kid summer is making announced that Cool Kid summer is making its return to Walt Disney World in its return to Walt Disney World in its return to Walt Disney World in summer of 2026. So, I feel like the summer of 2026. So, I feel like the summer of 2026. So, I feel like the Disney Junior show, in addition to the Disney Junior show, in addition to the Disney Junior show, in addition to the rest of the courtyard, will be open in rest of the courtyard, will be open in rest of the courtyard, will be open in time for that. In 2025, Cool Kids Summer time for that. In 2025, Cool Kids Summer time for that. In 2025, Cool Kids Summer debuted at the end of May. So, I'd say debuted at the end of May. So, I'd say debuted at the end of May. So, I'd say expect a similar timeline for next year. expect a similar timeline for next year. expect a similar timeline for next year. I'm very excited for this entire I'm very excited for this entire I'm very excited for this entire project. Plus, it marks the return of project. Plus, it marks the return of project. Plus, it marks the return of the Sorcerer Hat to Hollywood Studios. I the Sorcerer Hat to Hollywood Studios. I the Sorcerer Hat to Hollywood Studios. I never expected that for 2026, but I am never expected that for 2026, but I am never expected that for 2026, but I am definitely here for it. definitely here for it. definitely here for it. Number two, Number two, Number two, soaring around the world has been soaring around the world has been soaring around the world has been entertaining guests since [music] 2016, entertaining guests since [music] 2016, entertaining guests since [music] 2016, but next year a brand new version of the but next year a brand new version of the but next year a brand new version of the ride will make its debut at both Walt ride will make its debut at both Walt ride will make its debut at both Walt Disney World and Disneyland. [music] In Disney World and Disneyland. [music] In Disney World and Disneyland. [music] In Epcot by Memorial Day, which would be Epcot by Memorial Day, which would be Epcot by Memorial Day, which would be May 25th, then at Disney California May 25th, then at Disney California May 25th, then at Disney California Adventure on July 2nd. This new version Adventure on July 2nd. This new version Adventure on July 2nd. This new version of Saurin will take guests on a flight of Saurin will take guests on a flight of Saurin will take guests on a flight highlighting some of the country's highlighting some of the country's highlighting some of the country's natural beauty and iconic [music] natural beauty and iconic [music] natural beauty and iconic [music] cityscapes. The new film will let us cityscapes. The new film will let us cityscapes. The new film will let us soar over a dozen different locations soar over a dozen different locations soar over a dozen different locations set to the iconic soar and score we all set to the iconic soar and score we all set to the iconic soar and score we all know and love. Now, soaring across know and love. Now, soaring across know and love. Now, soaring across America is part of Disney Celebrating America is part of Disney Celebrating America is part of Disney Celebrating America, a celebration that honors the America, a celebration that honors the America, a celebration that honors the the promo video Disney released, our the promo video Disney released, our the promo video Disney released, our chief flight attendant Patrick says, chief flight attendant Patrick says, chief flight attendant Patrick says, &gt;&gt; "What better way to celebrate the &gt;&gt; "What better way to celebrate the &gt;&gt; "What better way to celebrate the [music] country's semiquincentennial [music] country's semiquincentennial [music] country's semiquincentennial than with a limited time sea to shining than with a limited time sea to shining than with a limited time sea to shining sea itinerary." [music] sea itinerary." [music] sea itinerary." [music] &gt;&gt; So, it sounds like this will be a &gt;&gt; So, it sounds like this will be a &gt;&gt; So, it sounds like this will be a limited time engagement, although there limited time engagement, although there limited time engagement, although there has been no timeline stated on how long has been no timeline stated on how long has been no timeline stated on how long Sword Across America will play. It could Sword Across America will play. It could Sword Across America will play. It could be a couple of months or a couple of be a couple of months or a couple of be a couple of months or a couple of years. So, we're just going to have to years. So, we're just going to have to years. So, we're just going to have to wait and find out more. Number one, Number one, Number one, Cinderella Castle at Magic Kingdom is Cinderella Castle at Magic Kingdom is Cinderella Castle at Magic Kingdom is one of the most iconic theme park one of the most iconic theme park one of the most iconic theme park landmarks in the world. Well, come next landmarks in the world. Well, come next landmarks in the world. Well, come next year, the castle will revert back to the year, the castle will revert back to the year, the castle will revert back to the original colors that debuted in 1971. original colors that debuted in 1971. original colors that debuted in 1971. [music] Work will begin in early January [music] Work will begin in early January [music] Work will begin in early January that's all in order, the infamous castle that's all in order, the infamous castle that's all in order, the infamous castle cranes will be brought in to begin cranes will be brought in to begin cranes will be brought in to begin painting. The good news is that Disney painting. The good news is that Disney painting. The good news is that Disney is planning to have as little is planning to have as little is planning to have as little disturbance as possible to the guest disturbance as possible to the guest disturbance as possible to the guest experience with this whole experience with this whole experience with this whole transformation. Cranes will only be up transformation. Cranes will only be up transformation. Cranes will only be up during the morning. Then by noon, during the morning. Then by noon, during the morning. Then by noon, they'll be lowered and out of sight. So, they'll be lowered and out of sight. So, they'll be lowered and out of sight. So, you'll still be able to get those you'll still be able to get those you'll still be able to get those picture perfect moments in front of picture perfect moments in front of picture perfect moments in front of Cinderella Castle. Because Disney Cinderella Castle. Because Disney Cinderella Castle. Because Disney [music] is putting the guest experience [music] is putting the guest experience [music] is putting the guest experience first, it does mean that the first, it does mean that the first, it does mean that the transformation will take a little transformation will take a little transformation will take a little longer. They're aiming to have longer. They're aiming to have longer. They're aiming to have everything complete by later in 2026. everything complete by later in 2026. everything complete by later in 2026. So, my guess is that by summer So, my guess is that by summer So, my guess is that by summer everything should be done. The updated everything should be done. The updated everything should be done. The updated paint will feature grays, creams, blues, paint will feature grays, creams, blues, paint will feature grays, creams, blues, and touches of gold, aiming to enhance and touches of gold, aiming to enhance and touches of gold, aiming to enhance the castle's architecture. Having the castle's architecture. Having the castle's architecture. Having Cinderella Castle return to its iconic Cinderella Castle return to its iconic Cinderella Castle return to its iconic classic colors is a very welcome change. classic colors is a very welcome change. classic colors is a very welcome change. It's not that I don't like the current It's not that I don't like the current It's not that I don't like the current rose gold color from the 50th, but rose gold color from the 50th, but rose gold color from the 50th, but there's just a certain type of elegance there's just a certain type of elegance there's just a certain type of elegance that the original colors evoke. [music] that the original colors evoke. [music] that the original colors evoke. [music] Don't you agree? So, what are you Don't you agree? So, what are you Don't you agree? So, what are you looking forward to the most in 2026 at looking forward to the most in 2026 at looking forward to the most in 2026 at the Disney theme parks? I'd love to the Disney theme parks? I'd love to the Disney theme parks? I'd love to know. [music] Leave a comment down below know. [music] Leave a comment down below know. [music] Leave a comment down below to start a conversation. And don't to start a conversation. And don't to start a conversation. And don't forget to hit that like button if you forget to hit that like button if you forget to hit that like button if you enjoyed the video.
