---
video_id: g6bnzB_VI9k
channel: TPMvids
title: "Top 10 Disney Fails, Breakdowns & Malfunctions Pt 17 - Disney Parades & Shows"
published: 2025-11-09
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6bnzB_VI9k
---
[Music] Welcome to TPMVids DisneyBE where we talk about all things Disney. If you're new to the channel and like what you see, hit that subscribe button and click the bell icon to be notified when we upload a new video. You can also find us on all your favorite social media platforms. The Disney theme parks bring many of our favorite stories to life. But sometimes the magic is interrupted when things malfunction and break down. It just happens. Thanks to submissions from viewers like you, today we're diving into parades and live performances at the parks, even giving you a little behindthe-scenes look to get a better understanding of how some technical aspects work. If you've caught a failure malfunction on camera, you can submit it to tpmvids.com for a chance to have it featured in a future video. Well, as they say, the show must go on. So, get ready as we countd down 10 Disney breakdowns, malfunctions, and inshow exits. The parade and show edition. Number 10. We're gonna start the list off with the Bootyu parade over at Magic Kingdom. Back in September of 2023, viewers named Amanda and Ryland caught what happens when the Madame Leotaa float travels a bit too close to the trolley tracks on Main Street. [Music] Happy Halloween. You even see the moment the wheels made it into the tracks and then once the driver tried to steer it to the right, it just got stuck. This float in particular has very narrow wheels, so when it goes down Main Street, it needs to stay either to the right or left of the tracks. Now, it wasn't long before reinforcement ran onto the scene. It was really wedged in there. And in this footage from David, you can see about five or six cast members trying to push it. They were at it for a good 2 minutes, but it was not budging. So, that's when they called in major reinforcement. Within about five minutes of getting stuck, the tow truck was on the scene. [Applause] I love how enthusiastic the crowd is, but we all need to be very careful with those trolley tracks. I mean, I've seen so many strollers get stuck. Plus, I'd be lying if I said I've never tripped on the tracks. Did it once and learned my lesson. [Music] Now, usually the float is towed down the rest of the parade route, only here, they just pull it to the side. The rest of the floats went around it and then all the ground performers were told to stop doing choreography. Once the parade was finished, the float was able to travel down Main Street on its own. But this here is the beauty of live performances. Anything can go wrong and you just got to roll with the punches. Now, before I move on, I just want to let you all know that I've opened a new merch shop with fourth wall. Some old favorites have returned, but I also designed a bunch of new prints like the e energy and rope drop athlete tees. Until November 15th, you can use code TPM10 for 10% off your entire order. Plus, there is free shipping on orders $75 or more. The link to the store is down below, or you can find it on the TPMVids website. Number nine, the characters from The Incredibles have appeared in many Disney parks riding their hovercrafts. Mrs. Incredible always gives a thousand%. Well, back in 2022, a viewer named Chloe was at the Walt Disney Studios park in Paris and caught Mr. Incredible needing a little help. Mr. Incredible broke my scared about it. He's [Music] broken. Emma is going to love this. Such a TV. [Music] Chloe's commentary and the music just makes this whole situation so perfect. But honestly, kudos to this performer for just keeping it going in a very Mr. incredible fashion. [Music] [Applause] Number eight. This next one takes us over to Disneyland during Wondrous Journeys. It's pretty awesome getting to see Baymax fly over Sleeping Beauty Castle. But watch what happens in this submission from a viewer named Stacy. Okay, here's the plan. We're going to come along and take it by surprise. [Music] I think it's a little too late for that. And it was going so well, too. again. Now, unlike the Blue Fairy or Tinkerbell, Baymax is not a live performer. It's more like an animatronic. So, at least this isn't an actual person stuck up here. [Music] Yeah. Yeah, that's a dead Baymax. [Music] I've watched the show before where Baymax doesn't even appear, but I'd never seen the mechanical trolley malfunction like this. If you're not familiar with the sequence, this is what should be happening. [Music] I can just picture the cast members in the control room scrambling, but somehow they got it working. Even though Baymax isn't illuminated anymore, they do lower him in an attempt to hide the figure, and then he just makes his way across very, very slowly. You wouldn't even know he was there. Number seven, the whirly units in the Main Street Electrical Parade are truly Disney icons, and they just happen to be the stars of this next segment. Everything you're about to see is from the parade's run at Disneyland in 2022. Starting off with this submission from Kiri. Look it, look it. Look at the face of that walkie. Look at the face of that walkie. Some of the lights might be out, but good on him for just winging it. And I think that convulsing turtle agrees. [Applause] They're great, aren't they? Yeah. Just keep calm and buzz on. Then theme park Steve caught the other bee a little too excited. Oh, and there goes its wing. Really opening himself up to everyone. I'm really surprised though that no cast member rushed over to close the door. But these units have so much personality that the door open kind of just works. Back when the parade returned to Walt Disney World in 2010, Disney released a behind-the-scenes video that shows exactly how they work. What I'm sitting on right here is a whirly drive unit. These are the drive units that are inside the six bugs in the Alice and Wonderland unit. They let you bring your bug to life and you can drive him forward and you can drag him backwards and you can spin him in a circle. As you can see, the mechanics are pretty straightforward, but that doesn't stop them from malfunctioning like here in this clip from Tyler. I just love all this organized cast member chaos trying to do whatever they can to keep the show up and running. They even got really low, but unfortunately they weren't able to fix the issue. So backstage it went. [Music] Number six. The stunts in the Indiana Jones epic stunt spectacular are as epic as it gets. Right after Indie escapes the falling axeman sequence, he runs right up those stairs to retrieve the idol. Usually, the skull doors that conceal the giant boulder don't open until Indie takes the idol, but a viewer named Alexis caught this malfunction. I love how the actor playing Indie is just like, "Hey, yeah, that's not supposed to be open." Here in the first sequence, a lot of the effects like the spears, the lava pit, and the falling axemen are all controlled by Indiana Jones himself. He steps on sensors and pads on the floor that activate the effects, but the doors and boulder are activated by the crew. Within the boulder channel, there are green lights that when turned off, signal to the actor that the ball has been launched. Someone must have prematurely opened up those doors. You can see Indie is just patiently waiting for the all clear so he can get up the stairs and do the big boulder run. I want to thank your patience everyone. Chris, fingers crossed you're exactly where I need to be. So, let's do it. Roll cameras. Action. [Music] And just like that, the show goes on. [Music] Chris, are you okay? I'm okay. Number five. During the finale of the paint the night parade, Goofy, Donald, and Minnie have these light up paint brushes that they twirl around. Well, back in May, Ray the Bay on YouTube caught Donald's paintbrush slipping away from his float. Now, what's about to happen is something that you should never do. [Applause] I'm sure this was well-intentioned, but it's such a big safety hazard for all the performers and the float drivers. So, if a character in a parade ever drops anything, don't pick it up. Just get the attention of the closest cast member along the parade route. Now, just a couple of days later, Ray went back to catch another performance of Paint the Night. And wouldn't you know it, Donald lost his paintbrush again. [Music] Oh my god, he dropped it again. [Music] [Applause] Number four. Whether you're watching Fantasmic at Disneyland or Hollywood Studios, the show has so many iconic moments. Aside from the finale, one of my favorites is Mickey shooting the fireworks from his gloves. Usually, the effect goes off without a hitch, but there are many times when it doesn't go to plan. Sometimes only one finger fires, and this is something that many viewers have caught over the years. [Music] [Applause] [Music] and sometimes they don't go off at all. [Applause] [Music] Understanding how the effect works allows you to realize why a malfunction like this could happen. Now, Fantasmic is run through time code with the show's audio. Hey, stand back short one. our show. Let's go ahead and roll. Show number one. Rolling. So, everything is on autopilot except for the pyro. Someone has to have their hand on a button to allow the pyro to fire at the appropriate time code. Then, when it comes to Mickey's fingers, a former fantasmic tech on Reddit said that Mickey has shunts in the glove that are pressed and then the queue is activated from the control booth. These are a pair of real fantasmic Mickey gloves from Disneyland that were put up for auction. You can see there's a longer metal tube in the index finger. And before each performance, the Pyro crew loads it with fireworks. Then you see that small red pouch on Mickey's right hip. Well, I'm 99% sure that's the transmitter pack that powers the Pyro. And then right here, you can see a wire that would connect the index finger fireworks to the transmitter. And then once Mickey presses the shunt, the cast member in the control booth can activate the queue. It all has to be timed just right. So there are a number of variables that could cause this pyro malfunction. [Music] Number three, as soon as a Disney parade steps off onto the parade route, cast members backstage are on standby with tow trucks just in case a float breaks down. We saw it earlier with Mickey's Bootyu parade, but many of you have caught floats getting towed. So, let's start off with a submission from Adrian during Mickey's Halloween celebration parade at Disneyland Paris. [Music] Then Austin caught this during the better together Pixar parade at DCA. [Music] And here in this submission from Brad during Magic Happens at Disneyland, the float didn't even make it on stage before breaking down backstage and had to be towed the entire parade route. [Applause] There's just something really funny about these beautiful parade floats being towed by this little Tonka truck. The vibes just don't match. [Music] Number two, Festival of Fantasy at Magic Kingdom ends with Mickey and Minnie in the hot air balloon. But on March 23rd, 2025, Virginia caught this. [Music] So maybe you're just finding this out now, but yeah, the final float in Festival of Fantasy uses a real balloon, and it's not the first time it's deflated on stage. Back in March of 2022, Nick at Magical News Live caught the balloon deflate and then it filled back up again. [Music] For it to inflate like this, that means there's obviously a fan built into that bottom portion. Now, here, since the balloon didn't blow up again, it either had a hole in it or the fan just malfunctioned and stopped working. I love that Mickey just piece his head out to say hi, knowing that one side of the street couldn't see them at all. This is just another great example of how anything live at the parks just has to roll with the punches. you just find a way to make it work to still deliver that Disney magic. Number one, let's take a trip back to Disneyland to close the list off with Paint the Night. So, on September 11th, 2025, the parade stepped off for the 9:00 p.m. performance as usual. But around the Matterhorn, the Little Mermaid float broke down. It was at a point where it completely lost power. So they removed aerial and began to tow it down the parade route. Once it approached the front of Tomorrowland, the tow truck stopped and that's when it began to smoke. A viewer named Kendelle caught it all on camera as it was turning out to be a pretty serious situation. [Music] Panic began to set as guests quickly cleared the area and then this cast member rushes to grab the fire extinguisher. Apparently, every float has one on board, which does make sense. [Music] There was quite a bit of smoke and the rest of the floats had to go around the Adventureland side of the hub to get down Main Street. Initially, it was reported that a fire broke out, but Disney later confirmed that the smoke was caused by an issue with the brakes. Thankfully, there weren't any injuries and they were able to get the situation under control. Once the final float passed, The Little Mermaid did its toe of shame down Main Street. And by the next day, it was back in the parade like usual. So, have you ever experienced a malfunction or breakdown at the Disney parks? What was that experience like? I'd love to know. Leave a comment down below to start a conversation. And don't forget to hit that like button if you enjoyed the video.
