---
video_id: i4T5KJF7wXw
channel: TPMvids
title: "The Problem with Modern Disney Rides!"
published: 2026-03-01
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4T5KJF7wXw
---
Welcome to TPMVids DisneyBE where we talk about all things Disney. If you're new to the channel and like what you see, hit that subscribe button and click the bell icon to be notified when we upload a new video. You can also find us on all your favorite social media platforms. Picture this. You're standing in the Smugglers Run pre-show room and a very impressive animatronic steps forward. If you're not deep into Star Wars though, you might not know who you're looking at or why this moment matters. Well, this was a situation presented by former Imagineer Jim Schaw. He went on to say that good storytelling requires prior knowledge of stories and characters for a ride experience to succeed. Now, to be fair, the pre-show does actually tell you who he is and what you're going to be doing. >> Hello, my friends. I am Hondo Onaka and this is Onaka Transport Solutions. Today I am offering the opportunity of a lifetime. I need flight crews to transport this valuable merchandise across the galaxy. >> So, do you really need prior knowledge for a ride to succeed or is it more about execution? Because the ride itself should do the work. Then late imagineer Eddie Sto replied with something that hits at the heart of theme park design. He said, "Dialogue is usually lost on the audience. The situation between characters or psychags of what's going on is usually what reads first, dialogue second. On a ride, you're constantly moving, looking around at different things, and audio can get lost. So, this got me thinking, do modern Disney rides over complicate the experience? Do they rely too much on story and dialogue that's spelled out for us? They're definitely immersive experiences, but they also tend to cast you into the story, and once you're in the story, the ride starts explaining itself to you. More classic rides trusted you to interpret what was happening in the scene, whereas modern rides often tell you. I mean, you shouldn't need to know deep character backstories or catch every single line of dialogue to understand what's happening. So today, let's explore the history of storytelling in Disney attractions and whether modern rides have gotten a bit too complex. Disneyland is where it all began. And two of the most important Disney attractions ever built were Pirates of the Caribbean in 1967 and the Haunted Mansion in 1969. These rides are obviously packed with story, but one key difference when compared to newer rides is they don't depend on a single linear plot. The story has progression and the scenes are very readable, but they don't spell everything out for you. Like Sto said, the site gags and situations between characters let you know exactly what's happening. On Pirates of the Caribbean, we know the pirates in the jail cell are trying to get the key from the dog without ever needing to hear any dialogue. >> Even in the burning town scene, there are many different pirates, each telling their own story. Like this one with the hats, he has one foot in the boat and the other on shore. You can piece together that this pirate just looted these chests and hats and is now trying to make his big escape. The notion of showing the audience and not spelling it out can even be seen on the haunted mansion. In the ballroom scene, some ghosts materialize right before our eyes. Then in the graveyard, the caretaker is obviously terrified since more of the 999 happy haunts have come to play. There are dozens of them, and as the audience, we can just imagine what their mortal lives were like. The scene isn't telling us a plot. We're being shown a world, and there's a reason why after almost 60 years, both rides are timeless Disney classics. They have so much detail that you can ride dozens of times and still notice something new every single time. This is also supported by the audio design. Pirates of the Caribbean, for example, has a very layered soundsscape with overlapping conversations and sound effects that just run on a continuous loop. Exitential recalled Walt Disney describing it like a cocktail party where you catch little pieces of dialogue from around the room. Here, riders are the observers, getting a snippet of these scenes. Looping audio helps create a textured atmosphere where you're overhearing an entire world and are not being narrated through a plot. The Jungle Cruise, which was one of Disneyland's opening day rides in 1955, uses the same basic idea where the ride doesn't really follow a plot. It just takes you on a cruise along a series of rivers where you come face to face with a variety of animatronic animals. The skipper commentary does heighten the experience, but the staging of each scene provides clear storytelling on their own. There's a pretty good chance a rider will not absorb every line of dialogue, which is okay though because these rides make sure the visuals do the heavy lifting. You can understand the scene in seconds, and the skipper jokes are just icing on the cake. The same can be said about Disneyland's Fantasy Land dark rides. Even though they condense an entire movie into a 2-minute ride, they're still visually easy to follow because the audience already knows the story. If you've seen Peter Pan just once, you don't need the ride to explain who Captain Hook is and why he's trying to catch Peter Pan. These rides don't have much dialogue, but the action is familiar and simple, and that's also why It's a Small World works so well. It's a very simple concept that uses animatronic dolls and a continuous song as a way to promote world peace. The execution is perfect with memorable vignettes where we're just there to observe the different regions across the world. Even beyond the early days of Fantasy Land, the vignette scene structure still showed up time and time again. In the 80s, rides at Epcot still followed this model. Horizons showed us the possible future of life on land, sea, and outer space. World of Motion took us through the history and achievements of transportation. Then Spaceship Earth showed us the history and advancements of human communication. All these rides showcase a series of scenes and didn't follow one tight character plot. The exception to the statement would be the original Journey into Imagination, which had more of a clear guided arc, but the scenes still spoke for themselves. As you can see, there's no denying that Disney's ride design leaned heavily into the immersive atmosphere, but they didn't spell it all out for us. Then as the8s came to a close, there was a shift. The rides didn't just become more storydriven. They also became more plot dependent. A major turning point when it comes to storytelling on Disney rides can be seen with Splash Mountain. It had one of the strongest beginning, middle, and ends that read more like a film. These outdoor sections set up the atmosphere of the ride. Then once you're inside, you meet Brer Rabbit and find out that he wants to leave his home in search of adventure. Then you watch Breer Bear and Breer Fox try to capture Breer Rabbit. The big climax happens on the final liftill and then you're at the finale where you learn that Breer Rabbit made it home safely. It had a real narrative, but even if you missed some of the dialogue, you still understood what was happening thanks to the scene staging. The music also did a lot of heavy lifting, creating a different emotional mood through each section of the story. Because the dialogue and music would play on loop, you wouldn't hear everything, but that didn't stop you from following the story. Tower of Terror is another great example of an original story that's still easy to follow. The pre-show establishes the lore of the hotel. Then the narration on the ride is simple and to the point, allowing the atmosphere around us to tell more of the story. Same goes with Indiana Jones at Disneyland. Sure, there's some dialogue from Indie sprinkled through the ride, but it's easy to understand with the action alone. There's nothing wrong with a ride having a story, and it can even have a strong narrative. Stories just need to be simple enough that the average guest can grasp it instantly. When we jump into more modern rides today, that's where the debate really starts. Within the last decade, Imagineers have used some of the latest technology to create many captivating ride experiences. The only thing is that these modern rides tend to do something very different. More often than not, you're placed right into the story where characters talk directly to you. You're sort of treated like a scene partner, which creates a much different experience than, say, pirates. Now, one of these modern rides is Remy's Ratatouille Adventure, which can be found at Walt Disney World and Disneyland Paris. Once you're shrunk down to the size of a rat, the characters all address riders directly as you're scrambling through the kitchen. Now, if you don't catch the dialogue, it's not a big deal, especially since half of it is in French and half is in English. Even if you don't understand every word, Remy's Ratatouille Adventure still works because the visuals do the heavy lifting. I see. Go. >> Then there's Frozen Ever After, which is another ride that casts you into the story. It also breaks the fourth wall immediately with Olaf telling riders, >> "We're going up to Elsa's ice palace with you, and you, you, all of you. See you there." Even if you miss this piece of dialogue, though, you still see the palace come into view on your way up the liftill. Before you know it, you're inside the palace with Olaf, Anna, Kristoff, and Elsa. Thankfully, Frozen Ever After isn't super plotheavy because the scenes aren't as instantly readable as they could be. Here, the dialogue and songs carry a lot more of the weight. It's a little different though compared to Anna and Elsa's Frozen journey in Tokyo where it's just a retelling of the film. Here, writers are merely observers of the story told in Japanese. If you're familiar with Frozen but can't understand Japanese, the visuals and layout of the scenes make it pretty easy to understand. Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway is another great example which transports riders right into the cartoon world with Goofy taking riders for a spin on his train. There's definitely storytelling, but most of it is communicated visually using tons of gags. The dialogue is not necessary to understand what's happening. >> Ready? Not to mention the rhythm and movement of the trackless ride vehicles also help convey some of the emotion of the story. Although we're technically part of the action with characters directly addressing riders, Runaway Railway reads a lot more like a classic Disney ride because it's gag driven and visual first. Not to mention, it goes back to Disney's roots by having a catchy theme song on the ride. Now, modern storytelling doesn't stay this clean, especially when talking about Guardians of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind at Epcot. The coaster itself is a blast, but the setup can be a lot with two separate pre-shows. Now, these pre-shows do allow them to tie Guardians of the Galaxy into the Big Bang, but by the time you get to the teleportation room, it can start to feel like the story has dragged on longer than it needs to. Most guests don't walk off Cosmic Rewind talking about the story or how immersed they felt. It's all about the coaster experience. Whether it's the backwards launch or the spinning, the ride medium really needs to be taken into account because in this case, you don't need all that storytelling to enjoy this coaster in the dark. Heading in the total opposite realm, though, there is Na'vi River Journey at Animal Kingdom, which is one ride that's often described as being underwhelming. It does a great job of creating a visually enriching atmosphere, allowing riders to explore the beauty of Pandora's bioluminescent forest. It's a slow, leisurely ride, but by the time you get to the conclusion with the Na'vi Shaman of Songs, no real action has taken place. The ride abruptly ends and it leaves you wanting more. It's kind of like if Pirates of the Caribbean was just the burning town scene with no animatronics and it ends with Captain Jack Sparrow getting the treasure. A ride that's more vibes focused can absolutely work, but in the case of a slowmoving boat ride, guess want some escalation or payoff. If Na'vi River Journey had an additional scene with some audio animatronic creatures, it could make a big difference. One thing I really do appreciate though is that Imagineers went back to a more classic approach with this ride. All the music and audio runs on a continuous loop and riders aren't cast into the scene. It's different to how most modern rides operate, especially trackless rides that use a lot of triggered and timed show elements. It can complicate things. And when certain rides depend on trigger dialogue to explain the objective, missing a line can mean missing the story. Now, one of the biggest offenders of modern Disney rides just happens to be Tiana's Bayou Adventure. From early on, Disney said Tiana's Bayou Adventure was going to be set after the first film and was not going to be a retelling of the movie. Now, the ride was replacing Splash Mountain, which was already designed with story pacing and structure in mind. Since we went from being observers on Splash Mountain to getting cast in the story on Tiana's Bayou Adventure, the main characters are now talking directly to us. >> Welcome y'all. Let's meet up with Louis and find some musicians for our part. Look out by you. Here we come. >> It sort of dumbs down the storytelling. Plus, many of the key dialogue beats are triggered by the logs. So, if there's a malfunction and no audio plays, that can create a problem. Without that dialogue, some moments become much less readable. And it's not like the animatronics and scenery make the action of the ride easy to interpret. Without dialogue, a lot of the moments with Tiana and Lewis become much harder to interpret. Back to what Eddie Sto said, the situation between characters or psychags is what usually reads first. And here without the dialogue, you don't really know what's happening. Even Zootopia Better Together is another interesting example. Even though it's not a traditional ride, 40 attractions like this can still be really fun. The only issue is that there is so much happening on the screen between action and dialogue that it's hard to track. This attraction is information overload. Again, it circles back to the whole point Eddie Sto was making. The eyes understand faster than the ears. only here. There are so many quick cuts that your eyes don't have a chance to register what's happening a lot of the time. Now, the biggest counterpoint to this is Rise of the Resistance because it is plotheavy, but it's still one of the most effective theme park attractions. Imagineers were very clear with their execution. So, even if you miss dialogue, the physical situations are obvious. You're captured in the pre-show and then you spend the ride escaping the First Order. The stakes and action are still there. And this is exactly what Sto was talking about. The situation reads first. That's why plotheavy ride experiences can work as long as the visuals carry most of the weight. >> Your escape rods came in a little off target. >> So, do modern Disney rides rely too much on story? Well, those classic rides were obviously not storyless, but they focused a lot more on atmosphere and tone. Storytelling in general shouldn't spell everything out explicitly, but this seems to be an overall issue with most media nowadays. Storytelling should leave some room for the audience to complete the rest of the picture. A lot of modern rides cast guests as part of the story, which in theory sounds like a very immersive experience. But when characters start speaking directly to us, it can complicate things. Nothing is really left to the imagination anymore. So, when modern rides get criticized for being too storyheavy, I think it's usually addressing the fact that the ride is not as readable as it could be. It's no longer that cocktail party. So, I don't think it's a matter of Disney rides relying too much on story, but more so Disney rides need to start trusting that more passive approach again. Don't spell everything out. Moving forward, the focus needs to be on creating immersive environments that keep the objective simple. They let you feel like you travel to a place and were immersed into a world while you just watch the action unfold. With so many new Disney rides on the horizon like the Cocoa boat ride, Indiana Jones, and Encanto in Tropical Americas, it's going to be interesting to see what direction The Imagineers take to bring these new stories to life. So, what are your opinions on the execution of story in modern Disney rides? Do you think we need to go back to that classic approach? I'd love to know. Leave a comment down below to start a conversation. And don't forget to hit that like button if you enjoyed the video.
