---
video_id: A2lBI4dQBvE
channel: TPMvids
title: "Rock N Roller Coaster Starring Aerosmith Farewell FULL Ride Front & Back POV [4K] - Disney World"
published: 2026-02-27
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A2lBI4dQBvE
---
You're watching TPM Vid Spotlight Series. We got company. >> Wow. All right. How you going to do people? >> All right. Hey, don't mind us. We'll be finished in just a minute in what's the Hey, how you doing? >> What you guys still doing here? You were supposed to be at a show now. >> I'd like to introduce our lovely manager. >> Yeah, she's usually not like this, folks. >> Yeah, she's usually worse. >> I heard that. Where is my limo? Good. Okay, come on, guys. Please get in the car. >> Sorry, folks. We got to go. >> One more time. Make sure to lower this. >> Chris, can you grab my blacklist Paul? >> I can bring my vocal back down or I'll bring the drums up. >> Hey, wait a minute. Wait a minute. What? WE CAN'T LEAVE THESE people here like this. >> We can't? >> No. Come on. You know how we feel about our fans. >> Yeah, that's right. >> Well, guys, what do you expect me to do? Send them all with you? >> How about some backstage passes? >> Wait a minute. I love that idea. How about some backstage passes? >> Oh. Oh, >> yeah. Come on. Come on. Make it happen. >> Okay. Okay. Okay. Make it happen. >> Have a nice >> Hi, S. It's me. Listen, I'm going to need a bigger car. >> Make it a stretch. >> In fact, make it a super stretch. Great. >> Excuse me. >> Okay, folks. Look, the show is all the way across town, but I got you a really fast car >> to the >> Okay, wait. It's out in the alley. Hey guys. Guys. Guys. Guys. Taxi. >> What am I doing? I know. This is LA, right? Please go ahead. Push up. Push up. Awesome. Hello every town. I almost didn't make it in time because traffic crowd in all directions, but don't worry, we got you covered. Just keep it right here on LA's classic rock station. Woohoo! Woo! Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Exit to your right. All right, Aerosmith is taking the stage. Check out Steven Tyler's hat. Break it up cuz we're getting ready to rock on this exclusive live broadcast. Don't just get started. 4 3 2 1 Heat. Heat. dance show. Woo! Yeah! Walk back. Exit to your right and walk this way.
