---
video_id: sAceMfNLZPw
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "Disney Cruise TRAVEL DAY to Disney World"
published: 2025-12-15
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAceMfNLZPw
---
Darling. Another way. way. way. Good job. Right. Take those over to Good job. Right. Take those over to Good job. Right. Take those over to daddy. daddy. daddy. Got it. Got it. Got it. Got two more. Keep going. Good job, Bell. That's mine. &gt;&gt; All righty. &gt;&gt; All righty. &gt;&gt; All righty. &gt;&gt; That's a new one. &gt;&gt; That's a new one. &gt;&gt; That's a new one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The security machine alerted and &gt;&gt; Yeah. The security machine alerted and &gt;&gt; Yeah. The security machine alerted and they were like, "Take your shoes off." they were like, "Take your shoes off." they were like, "Take your shoes off." I'm like, "But it's pre-checked." And I'm like, "But it's pre-checked." And I'm like, "But it's pre-checked." And even the other security guard was like, even the other security guard was like, even the other security guard was like, "Girl, it's prechecked." I'm like, "Are "Girl, it's prechecked." I'm like, "Are "Girl, it's prechecked." I'm like, "Are we are we doing this?" I didn't know we are we doing this?" I didn't know we are we doing this?" I didn't know what to do. So, I had to take my shoes what to do. So, I had to take my shoes what to do. So, I had to take my shoes off. off. off. &gt;&gt; Gross. They're like, "Man, I paid extra &gt;&gt; Gross. They're like, "Man, I paid extra &gt;&gt; Gross. They're like, "Man, I paid extra to run this." &gt;&gt; The Gospel Bird is open. So, chicken &gt;&gt; The Gospel Bird is open. So, chicken &gt;&gt; The Gospel Bird is open. So, chicken minis for breakfast. minis for breakfast. minis for breakfast. &gt;&gt; She said, "Potty break time." Potty &gt;&gt; She said, "Potty break time." Potty &gt;&gt; She said, "Potty break time." Potty break time. We're in the wrong terminal. break time. We're in the wrong terminal. break time. We're in the wrong terminal. Let's close the bathroom. We got to go to C. We got to go to C. We got to go to C. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're going to see, not D. That one That one That one here. Hope we win. Please go grab her. I went on course &gt;&gt; stroller in a bag. Bag stroller. &gt;&gt; stroller in a bag. Bag stroller. &gt;&gt; stroller in a bag. Bag stroller. Stroller bag. Stroller bag. Stroller bag. We got our food. Ready to get on this We got our food. Ready to get on this We got our food. Ready to get on this plane and enjoy some Chick-fil-A. plane and enjoy some Chick-fil-A. plane and enjoy some Chick-fil-A. It may be a nap. It may be a nap. It may be a nap. &gt;&gt; Definitely a nap. Oh my god. See you on the other side, Stroller. Hey, Hey, Hey, &gt;&gt; let me see What did you get? What did you get? What did you get? &gt;&gt; Can I get a the price check. They also get to claim the price check. They also get to claim the price check. They also get to claim today. and she's still knocking it out. &gt;&gt; That was wild. So, it was taking so long &gt;&gt; That was wild. So, it was taking so long &gt;&gt; That was wild. So, it was taking so long for us to get the strollers that the for us to get the strollers that the for us to get the strollers that the pilot went down to check on them. He pilot went down to check on them. He pilot went down to check on them. He went down. He's like, "Hey, I see them went down. He's like, "Hey, I see them went down. He's like, "Hey, I see them down there. I'll go get someone for down there. I'll go get someone for down there. I'll go get someone for you." And so, he went and grabbed some you." And so, he went and grabbed some you." And so, he went and grabbed some help to get our strollers. Got a help to get our strollers. Got a help to get our strollers. Got a stroller. That's awesome. That's awesome. That's awesome. &gt;&gt; Post flight coffee. Let's go to Disney. It's toothless. Resource and other transportation Resource and other transportation Resource and other transportation options are located on level one. Man, Man, Man, that's how we do it right here. All I that's how we do it right here. All I that's how we do it right here. All I got a cup of coffee and a backpack. He's got a cup of coffee and a backpack. He's got a cup of coffee and a backpack. He's got both kids and all the bags. &gt;&gt; I don't need no man. &gt;&gt; I don't need no man. &gt;&gt; I don't need no man. &gt;&gt; She said I don't need no pack meal. I am &gt;&gt; She said I don't need no pack meal. I am &gt;&gt; She said I don't need no pack meal. I am the pack meal. SeaWorld. I ain't going no SeaWorld. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Is that the sound you've been waiting &gt;&gt; Is that the sound you've been waiting &gt;&gt; Is that the sound you've been waiting for? for? for? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; You said that's my favorite sound. Why'd you have to run so fast? Why'd you have to run so fast? Why'd you have to run so fast? &gt;&gt; I wanted to come to you. &gt;&gt; We have a van and vans can't fit in the &gt;&gt; We have a van and vans can't fit in the &gt;&gt; We have a van and vans can't fit in the middle section that they they usually middle section that they they usually middle section that they they usually get to. &gt;&gt; Got the big car today. All right, girls. &gt;&gt; Got the big car today. All right, girls. &gt;&gt; Got the big car today. All right, girls. Start buckling. Start buckling. Start buckling. Got our car seats all set up. Plenty of Got our car seats all set up. Plenty of Got our car seats all set up. Plenty of room for everybody. coffee. coffee. coffee. &gt;&gt; Always always the coffee. &gt;&gt; All right, try mommy's. Let's see if you &gt;&gt; All right, try mommy's. Let's see if you &gt;&gt; All right, try mommy's. Let's see if you like that life crying. like that life crying. like that life crying. Look at that. Look at that. Look at that. Yeah, coffee is not good. Yeah, coffee is not good. Yeah, coffee is not good. &gt;&gt; I like it a little bit. &gt;&gt; I like it a little bit. &gt;&gt; I like it a little bit. &gt;&gt; Just a little bit. That's okay. &gt;&gt; Just a little bit. That's okay. &gt;&gt; Just a little bit. That's okay. &gt;&gt; But I really hate yours because &gt;&gt; But I really hate yours because &gt;&gt; But I really hate yours because &gt;&gt; I have a straw. &gt;&gt; I have a straw. &gt;&gt; I have a straw. &gt;&gt; It's light. &gt;&gt; It's light. &gt;&gt; It's light. &gt;&gt; I know. I keep telling him he needs a &gt;&gt; I know. I keep telling him he needs a &gt;&gt; I know. I keep telling him he needs a straw. straw. straw. &gt;&gt; But if I drink it with a straw, &gt;&gt; But if I drink it with a straw, &gt;&gt; But if I drink it with a straw, &gt;&gt; then it's not cold. I am here on the side. &gt;&gt; Thank you. One, two. &gt;&gt; I got a baby. &gt;&gt; I got a baby. &gt;&gt; I got a baby. Yep. All right, we've been here 2 minutes and All right, we've been here 2 minutes and All right, we've been here 2 minutes and we've already got a mini sticker. &gt;&gt; So cool. &gt;&gt; See the big tree? &gt;&gt; See the big tree? &gt;&gt; See the big tree? &gt;&gt; It's so pretty. &gt;&gt; It's so pretty. &gt;&gt; It's so pretty. &gt;&gt; Gorgeous. &gt;&gt; Gorgeous. &gt;&gt; Gorgeous. &gt;&gt; I've never seen corn. &gt;&gt; I've never seen corn. &gt;&gt; I've never seen corn. &gt;&gt; I like it. I like all the green, red, &gt;&gt; I like it. I like all the green, red, &gt;&gt; I like it. I like all the green, red, and the trees. It's beautiful. Hello you guys and welcome to Coronado Hello you guys and welcome to Coronado Hello you guys and welcome to Coronado Springs. Today is our travel day before Springs. Today is our travel day before Springs. Today is our travel day before our Disney Wish cruise. So, we are our Disney Wish cruise. So, we are our Disney Wish cruise. So, we are spending one night here at Disney and spending one night here at Disney and spending one night here at Disney and then getting on the Wish tomorrow. So, then getting on the Wish tomorrow. So, then getting on the Wish tomorrow. So, we're super excited, ready to hang out. we're super excited, ready to hang out. we're super excited, ready to hang out. We've made it kind of over to the area We've made it kind of over to the area We've made it kind of over to the area outside of the convention center close outside of the convention center close outside of the convention center close to the gift shop and everything here at to the gift shop and everything here at to the gift shop and everything here at Coronado Springs, which is where we're Coronado Springs, which is where we're Coronado Springs, which is where we're staying tonight. And the girls have staying tonight. And the girls have staying tonight. And the girls have found the second cartoon TV. So, we're found the second cartoon TV. So, we're found the second cartoon TV. So, we're just hanging out. We thought about going just hanging out. We thought about going just hanging out. We thought about going to the water park, but we are traveling to the water park, but we are traveling to the water park, but we are traveling with his family. So, we've got my mom with his family. So, we've got my mom with his family. So, we've got my mom and dad here with us. Sadly, dad is kind and dad here with us. Sadly, dad is kind and dad here with us. Sadly, dad is kind of dealing with some motion sickness of dealing with some motion sickness of dealing with some motion sickness right now. So, he's like, I cannot get right now. So, he's like, I cannot get right now. So, he's like, I cannot get on a bus right now. So, here we are. He on a bus right now. So, here we are. He on a bus right now. So, here we are. He is relaxing. Um, but we are going to go is relaxing. Um, but we are going to go is relaxing. Um, but we are going to go to the pool, check out Cornonado, and to the pool, check out Cornonado, and to the pool, check out Cornonado, and just kind of explore and enjoy our just kind of explore and enjoy our just kind of explore and enjoy our resort. But that's what we're up to so resort. But that's what we're up to so resort. But that's what we're up to so far. So, we'll see what this travel day far. So, we'll see what this travel day far. So, we'll see what this travel day takes us. And the ornament for the resort has been And the ornament for the resort has been And the ornament for the resort has been secured. How gorgeous is this one? It's secured. How gorgeous is this one? It's secured. How gorgeous is this one? It's got the little tag on it. So, it says got the little tag on it. So, it says got the little tag on it. So, it says Coronado Springs Resort. Coronado Springs Resort. Coronado Springs Resort. &gt;&gt; Look, we got beautiful. &gt;&gt; Look, we got beautiful. &gt;&gt; Look, we got beautiful. &gt;&gt; Oh, did you find bracelets? &gt;&gt; Oh, did you find bracelets? &gt;&gt; Oh, did you find bracelets? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Nice. &gt;&gt; Nice. &gt;&gt; Nice. &gt;&gt; Oh, and daddy found a &gt;&gt; Oh, and daddy found a &gt;&gt; Oh, and daddy found a board board board tray thing. Oh, that's cute. I really tray thing. Oh, that's cute. I really tray thing. Oh, that's cute. I really like that. like that. like that. That would be really cute in the That would be really cute in the That would be really cute in the kitchen. kitchen. kitchen. &gt;&gt; Those are cute little bracelets. You &gt;&gt; Those are cute little bracelets. You &gt;&gt; Those are cute little bracelets. You have to show sister. have to show sister. have to show sister. &gt;&gt; She's going to be so excited. She loves &gt;&gt; She's going to be so excited. She loves &gt;&gt; She's going to be so excited. She loves stitches. stitches. stitches. &gt;&gt; She does love Stitch. Change of plans. As we were literally Change of plans. As we were literally Change of plans. As we were literally walking across the bridge to head to the walking across the bridge to head to the walking across the bridge to head to the pool to hang out for a bit and wait on pool to hang out for a bit and wait on pool to hang out for a bit and wait on our hotel room, they text us that it was our hotel room, they text us that it was our hotel room, they text us that it was ready. So, we're going to go back. ready. So, we're going to go back. ready. So, we're going to go back. Decided to pivot. We're going to grab Decided to pivot. We're going to grab Decided to pivot. We're going to grab some lunch and then we are like some lunch and then we are like some lunch and then we are like literally right next door in building 3 literally right next door in building 3 literally right next door in building 3 for our room. So, we're going to go for our room. So, we're going to go for our room. So, we're going to go ahead do that. maybe rest a little bit ahead do that. maybe rest a little bit ahead do that. maybe rest a little bit and then we'll see. So, we're just kind and then we'll see. So, we're just kind and then we'll see. So, we're just kind of going with the flow. We're being very of going with the flow. We're being very of going with the flow. We're being very flexible. Our plans consist of relaxing, flexible. Our plans consist of relaxing, flexible. Our plans consist of relaxing, hanging at the pool, and eating. So, hanging at the pool, and eating. So, hanging at the pool, and eating. So, we're just going to do all of those we're just going to do all of those we're just going to do all of those things. No particular order. So, we're things. No particular order. So, we're things. No particular order. So, we're just like we'll see how it goes. It's just like we'll see how it goes. It's just like we'll see how it goes. It's just one of those things with a travel just one of those things with a travel just one of those things with a travel day and check-in day. You just kind of day and check-in day. You just kind of day and check-in day. You just kind of got to be a little flexible sometimes. All right, we are acquiring food. Got All right, we are acquiring food. Got All right, we are acquiring food. Got kids spaghetti for Lucy. Got the beef kids spaghetti for Lucy. Got the beef kids spaghetti for Lucy. Got the beef and rice taco bowl for me. Got some and rice taco bowl for me. Got some and rice taco bowl for me. Got some watermelon and yogurt. &gt;&gt; Cheese pizza. &gt;&gt; Cheese pizza. &gt;&gt; Cheese pizza. Hot honey chicken sandwich with no pickles. Yum. Gigantic. Gigantic. Gigantic. &gt;&gt; Look at that bottle. &gt;&gt; Look at that bottle. &gt;&gt; Look at that bottle. &gt;&gt; You drink all that. &gt;&gt; You drink all that. &gt;&gt; You drink all that. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, &gt;&gt; that's a big old bottle, Lizzy. &gt;&gt; that's a big old bottle, Lizzy. &gt;&gt; that's a big old bottle, Lizzy. &gt;&gt; That's a big bottle. &gt;&gt; That's a big bottle. &gt;&gt; That's a big bottle. &gt;&gt; You finish this one, then you can have &gt;&gt; You finish this one, then you can have &gt;&gt; You finish this one, then you can have your big one. your big one. your big one. &gt;&gt; I can do that. &gt;&gt; So ready for lunch. &gt;&gt; So ready for lunch. &gt;&gt; So ready for lunch. &gt;&gt; Me, too. &gt;&gt; Me, too. &gt;&gt; Me, too. Watermelon. Watermelon. Watermelon. What is that? What is that? What is that? &gt;&gt; I snuck a piece. What is that? What is that? What is that? &gt;&gt; Beautiful. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. Lunch was good. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. We're on our way to the &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. We're on our way to the &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. We're on our way to the room and they have a pickle ball net. room and they have a pickle ball net. room and they have a pickle ball net. Or as the girls call it, giant ping Or as the girls call it, giant ping Or as the girls call it, giant ping pong. pong. pong. Kind of the same. Whoa. Good job, Liz. Kind of the same. Whoa. Good job, Liz. Kind of the same. Whoa. Good job, Liz. You nailed it. &gt;&gt; Got to work on our aim. But we made &gt;&gt; Got to work on our aim. But we made &gt;&gt; Got to work on our aim. But we made contact. So, hey, I'll take it. contact. So, hey, I'll take it. contact. So, hey, I'll take it. Especially considering your mother's Especially considering your mother's Especially considering your mother's athletically challenged. Seriously, not athletically challenged. Seriously, not athletically challenged. Seriously, not sporty at all over here. I played sporty at all over here. I played sporty at all over here. I played basketball um at a local church. They basketball um at a local church. They basketball um at a local church. They had what was called upward at the time. had what was called upward at the time. had what was called upward at the time. And I won an award for playing And I won an award for playing And I won an award for playing basketball. It was most Christlike. That should basically tell you how That should basically tell you how That should basically tell you how athletic I am. It athletic I am. It athletic I am. It It's an award for being a loser. It's an award for being a loser. It's an award for being a loser. But I had it. I had the award. Yeah. All right, Lucy. You ready? Oh no, Oh no, Oh no, &gt;&gt; they play like ashy. We have made it to our room. We have We have made it to our room. We have We have made it to our room. We have connecting rooms with Lolly and Poppy connecting rooms with Lolly and Poppy connecting rooms with Lolly and Poppy next door. next door. next door. &gt;&gt; I like these little art pieces. That's &gt;&gt; I like these little art pieces. That's &gt;&gt; I like these little art pieces. That's so cute. so cute. so cute. &gt;&gt; It's so cute. I forgot you've not stayed &gt;&gt; It's so cute. I forgot you've not stayed &gt;&gt; It's so cute. I forgot you've not stayed in one of these rooms with us. We've in one of these rooms with us. We've in one of these rooms with us. We've only stayed in the tower together. only stayed in the tower together. only stayed in the tower together. &gt;&gt; Jose. &gt;&gt; And of course, he's talking up some &gt;&gt; And of course, he's talking up some &gt;&gt; And of course, he's talking up some lady. lady. lady. &gt;&gt; He is &gt;&gt; He is &gt;&gt; He is &gt;&gt; naturally Donald. &gt;&gt; naturally Donald. &gt;&gt; naturally Donald. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Got a bathroom. Hello. Got a bathroom. Hello. Got a bathroom. Hello. All the Disney toiletries and thingy All the Disney toiletries and thingy All the Disney toiletries and thingy mabobs. mabobs. mabobs. Got the shower. Some of them have tubs. Got the shower. Some of them have tubs. Got the shower. Some of them have tubs. Some of them have showers. So, we ended Some of them have showers. So, we ended Some of them have showers. So, we ended up with a shower. So, if you are staying up with a shower. So, if you are staying up with a shower. So, if you are staying here, put in your request for a room here, put in your request for a room here, put in your request for a room with a tub if you need a bathtub. with a tub if you need a bathtub. with a tub if you need a bathtub. &gt;&gt; You ready to relax? Get your nasty shoes &gt;&gt; You ready to relax? Get your nasty shoes &gt;&gt; You ready to relax? Get your nasty shoes off the bed. off the bed. off the bed. &gt;&gt; That's so bad. It's not bad. &gt;&gt; Poppy's going to start sleeping. Oh my &gt;&gt; Poppy's going to start sleeping. Oh my &gt;&gt; Poppy's going to start sleeping. Oh my gosh. They have a shower, too. was gosh. They have a shower, too. was gosh. They have a shower, too. was curious if they had a tub or a shower. curious if they had a tub or a shower. curious if they had a tub or a shower. All right. Well, I guess we're going to All right. Well, I guess we're going to All right. Well, I guess we're going to get ready to relax and pool all the get ready to relax and pool all the get ready to relax and pool all the things. things. things. &gt;&gt; Lunch was so good. &gt;&gt; Lunch was so good. &gt;&gt; Lunch was so good. &gt;&gt; Amazing. &gt;&gt; It was It was very good. &gt;&gt; It was It was very good. &gt;&gt; It was It was very good. &gt;&gt; It's probably still on my face. I'm not &gt;&gt; It's probably still on my face. I'm not &gt;&gt; It's probably still on my face. I'm not going to check though. going to check though. going to check though. &gt;&gt; It was that good. &gt;&gt; It was that good. &gt;&gt; It was that good. &gt;&gt; That sandwich IS &gt;&gt; That sandwich IS &gt;&gt; That sandwich IS &gt;&gt; I'M GOING to shill. Yeah, the sandwich was so saucy, so Yeah, the sandwich was so saucy, so Yeah, the sandwich was so saucy, so there was coming off of it. there was coming off of it. there was coming off of it. &gt;&gt; And the chicken, it was so much. It was &gt;&gt; And the chicken, it was so much. It was &gt;&gt; And the chicken, it was so much. It was massive. massive. massive. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I was not expecting &gt;&gt; Yeah, I was not expecting &gt;&gt; Yeah, I was not expecting &gt;&gt; It was delicious. &gt;&gt; It was delicious. &gt;&gt; It was delicious. &gt;&gt; That big of a sandwich. &gt;&gt; That big of a sandwich. &gt;&gt; That big of a sandwich. &gt;&gt; So good. &gt;&gt; So good. &gt;&gt; So good. &gt;&gt; And the um &gt;&gt; And the um &gt;&gt; And the um &gt;&gt; beef and rice bowl. &gt;&gt; beef and rice bowl. &gt;&gt; beef and rice bowl. &gt;&gt; So good. &gt;&gt; So good. &gt;&gt; So good. &gt;&gt; I was like, &gt;&gt; I was like, &gt;&gt; I was like, &gt;&gt; hands down. It was amazing. &gt;&gt; hands down. It was amazing. &gt;&gt; hands down. It was amazing. &gt;&gt; Pizza mid. &gt;&gt; Pizza mid. &gt;&gt; Pizza mid. &gt;&gt; I didn't try the z the spaghetti. &gt;&gt; I didn't try the z the spaghetti. &gt;&gt; I didn't try the z the spaghetti. &gt;&gt; It looked good. The garlic not tasted. &gt;&gt; It looked good. The garlic not tasted. &gt;&gt; It looked good. The garlic not tasted. It was yum. It was yum. It was yum. &gt;&gt; That's good. &gt;&gt; That's good. &gt;&gt; That's good. &gt;&gt; And the smart water was um &gt;&gt; And the smart water was um &gt;&gt; And the smart water was um &gt;&gt; very refreshing. &gt;&gt; very refreshing. &gt;&gt; very refreshing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Felt like a smart idea. &gt;&gt; Felt like a smart idea. &gt;&gt; Felt like a smart idea. &gt;&gt; It did. Hopefully it'll make us smarter. &gt;&gt; It did. Hopefully it'll make us smarter. &gt;&gt; It did. Hopefully it'll make us smarter. &gt;&gt; I think so. &gt;&gt; I think so. &gt;&gt; I think so. &gt;&gt; I think that that's why you buy smart &gt;&gt; I think that that's why you buy smart &gt;&gt; I think that that's why you buy smart water, right? water, right? water, right? &gt;&gt; I think so. &gt;&gt; I think so. &gt;&gt; I think so. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I don't know. At least it'll hydrate us &gt;&gt; I don't know. At least it'll hydrate us &gt;&gt; I don't know. At least it'll hydrate us if it doesn't make us smarter. if it doesn't make us smarter. if it doesn't make us smarter. &gt;&gt; Right. Well, we have two little ladies &gt;&gt; Right. Well, we have two little ladies &gt;&gt; Right. Well, we have two little ladies that are begging for the pool, so we that are begging for the pool, so we that are begging for the pool, so we better get changed. &gt;&gt; Let's do this. I found them. I found them. I jumped for I found them. I found them. I jumped for I found them. I found them. I jumped for you. you. you. I got in the water. I got in the water. I got in the water. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Good job. and glasses and put on your goggles and and glasses and put on your goggles and and glasses and put on your goggles and um go under one. Oh my goodness. It is 256 now. Pool Oh my goodness. It is 256 now. Pool Oh my goodness. It is 256 now. Pool time. Very fun. There you go. &gt;&gt; We are back out after some pool time. &gt;&gt; We are back out after some pool time. &gt;&gt; We are back out after some pool time. some showers, all the things. We smell some showers, all the things. We smell some showers, all the things. We smell like sea salt. It smells great. It's like sea salt. It smells great. It's like sea salt. It smells great. It's like a Disney vibe. We're headed to like a Disney vibe. We're headed to like a Disney vibe. We're headed to Disney Springs for dinner. Disney Springs for dinner. Disney Springs for dinner. I don't know what it is about just like I don't know what it is about just like I don't know what it is about just like you you go back to the resort. You you you go back to the resort. You you you go back to the resort. You refreshen up. You put on the sea salt refreshen up. You put on the sea salt refreshen up. You put on the sea salt lotion and it just is such a vibe. So, lotion and it just is such a vibe. So, lotion and it just is such a vibe. So, we're doing that and we're going to go we're doing that and we're going to go we're doing that and we're going to go enjoy some Disney Springs dinner. Do a enjoy some Disney Springs dinner. Do a enjoy some Disney Springs dinner. Do a little shopping. Maybe get some Gideons. little shopping. Maybe get some Gideons. little shopping. Maybe get some Gideons. We'll see. But we're going to just have We'll see. But we're going to just have We'll see. But we're going to just have some fun taking it easy. enjoying our some fun taking it easy. enjoying our some fun taking it easy. enjoying our day before our cruise cuz imbarcation day before our cruise cuz imbarcation day before our cruise cuz imbarcation days are nuts. There's just so much days are nuts. There's just so much days are nuts. There's just so much going on. There's go go go. I feel like going on. There's go go go. I feel like going on. There's go go go. I feel like once you get on the ship cuz you're once you get on the ship cuz you're once you get on the ship cuz you're getting the lay of the land, you're getting the lay of the land, you're getting the lay of the land, you're seeing all the things. You only have a seeing all the things. You only have a seeing all the things. You only have a short amount of time on the cruise. So, short amount of time on the cruise. So, short amount of time on the cruise. So, we are having a good time though and we are having a good time though and we are having a good time though and ready to go have a fun evening. Disney Springs. Disney Springs. Disney Springs. &gt;&gt; Sounds good. You ready for cookies? Oh yeah. Heat. Heat. always find you. Definitely looked like a huge line, but Definitely looked like a huge line, but Definitely looked like a huge line, but it took less than 3 minutes to get it took less than 3 minutes to get it took less than 3 minutes to get through, so ain't that bad. Oh my goodness. The light big has been acquired. Dean The light big has been acquired. Dean The light big has been acquired. Dean got the brisket Sammy got the brisket Sammy got the brisket Sammy with the baked beans. I got the barbecue with the baked beans. I got the barbecue with the baked beans. I got the barbecue chicken with the fries. The girls got chicken with the fries. The girls got chicken with the fries. The girls got mac and cheese mac and cheese mac and cheese &gt;&gt; that apparently we don't like &gt;&gt; that apparently we don't like &gt;&gt; that apparently we don't like that. that. that. &gt;&gt; It's not good. &gt;&gt; It's not good. &gt;&gt; It's not good. &gt;&gt; Mom and dad, I think got chicken. So, we &gt;&gt; Mom and dad, I think got chicken. So, we &gt;&gt; Mom and dad, I think got chicken. So, we are ready to dig in. are ready to dig in. are ready to dig in. &gt;&gt; I don't think this is a hot take, but &gt;&gt; I don't think this is a hot take, but &gt;&gt; I don't think this is a hot take, but this is delicious. I just think that's this is delicious. I just think that's this is delicious. I just think that's just a take. Like, this is really good. just a take. Like, this is really good. just a take. Like, this is really good. &gt;&gt; It is really good. &gt;&gt; It is really good. &gt;&gt; It is really good. &gt;&gt; Like this Sammy here. Big honking Sammy. &gt;&gt; Like this Sammy here. Big honking Sammy. &gt;&gt; Like this Sammy here. Big honking Sammy. So good. Um 15 bucks. Like ain't bad for So good. Um 15 bucks. Like ain't bad for So good. Um 15 bucks. Like ain't bad for the amount of food. the amount of food. the amount of food. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's really good. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's really good. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's really good. &gt;&gt; So good. And these waffle fries. Like &gt;&gt; So good. And these waffle fries. Like &gt;&gt; So good. And these waffle fries. Like &gt;&gt; man, Chick-fil-A could learn some &gt;&gt; man, Chick-fil-A could learn some &gt;&gt; man, Chick-fil-A could learn some &gt;&gt; at Polite Pig. They were also handing &gt;&gt; at Polite Pig. They were also handing &gt;&gt; at Polite Pig. They were also handing out the Christmas tree stroll little out the Christmas tree stroll little out the Christmas tree stroll little scavenger hunts. So, we grabbed one of scavenger hunts. So, we grabbed one of scavenger hunts. So, we grabbed one of these to collect as we walk around. these to collect as we walk around. these to collect as we walk around. &gt;&gt; So much. &gt;&gt; So much. &gt;&gt; So much. &gt;&gt; I know. We've definitely got to find &gt;&gt; I know. We've definitely got to find &gt;&gt; I know. We've definitely got to find that tree. Piggy that tree. Piggy that tree. Piggy &gt;&gt; piggy lolly &gt;&gt; piggy lolly &gt;&gt; piggy lolly &gt;&gt; a piggy pop. &gt;&gt; a piggy pop. &gt;&gt; a piggy pop. &gt;&gt; It looks yummy. Beautiful. That's cool. &gt;&gt; Those are some shoes. &gt;&gt; Those are some shoes. &gt;&gt; Those are some shoes. &gt;&gt; I spy a tree. Wonderful time. This is what it is. This is what it is. This is what it is. This is our family. All right. right. right. One of the chocolate cookies is a coffee One of the chocolate cookies is a coffee One of the chocolate cookies is a coffee cookie. And then the Krampus cookie. The cookie. And then the Krampus cookie. The cookie. And then the Krampus cookie. The once a month cookie. Those look so good. once a month cookie. Those look so good. once a month cookie. Those look so good. This one has Andy's mint. And this one This one has Andy's mint. And this one This one has Andy's mint. And this one was a white chocolate with coffee. was a white chocolate with coffee. was a white chocolate with coffee. Definitely getting those. And a classic Definitely getting those. And a classic Definitely getting those. And a classic Chucky Ch. You want a house? You want a house? You want a house? &gt;&gt; Uh, this is fine. &gt;&gt; Uh, this is fine. &gt;&gt; Uh, this is fine. I got my Pringle. I got my Pringle. I got my Pringle. Yeah. Good. Good. Good. &gt;&gt; All right, Grumpus. How is it? &gt;&gt; All right, Grumpus. How is it? &gt;&gt; All right, Grumpus. How is it? &gt;&gt; Oh, that's just chocolate chip. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's just chocolate chip. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's just chocolate chip. &gt;&gt; Chocolate chip with a cookie butter. Yeah. We got tomorrow's pickme up right there. We got tomorrow's pickme up right there. We got tomorrow's pickme up right there. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Gideon's No ice &gt;&gt; Gideon's No ice &gt;&gt; Gideon's No ice is the best. is the best. is the best. &gt;&gt; Yum. and look to the sky. For there is and look to the sky. For there is and look to the sky. For there is nothing quite as magical as spending the nothing quite as magical as spending the nothing quite as magical as spending the holidays together. Let's do it. Yapowap. almost heat. Walking, walking, walking. We'll just Walking, walking, walking. We'll just Walking, walking, walking. We'll just keep on walking all day. Mommy, &gt;&gt; I feel like I'm coming back with my &gt;&gt; I feel like I'm coming back with my &gt;&gt; I feel like I'm coming back with my spoils. spoils. spoils. &gt;&gt; This is the spoils of war. You got all &gt;&gt; This is the spoils of war. You got all &gt;&gt; This is the spoils of war. You got all the coffee. the coffee. the coffee. &gt;&gt; I want to take a sip so bad, but I also &gt;&gt; I want to take a sip so bad, but I also &gt;&gt; I want to take a sip so bad, but I also I want to sleep tonight. It tastes so I want to sleep tonight. It tastes so I want to sleep tonight. It tastes so not It is so good. I love it. So excited not It is so good. I love it. So excited not It is so good. I love it. So excited to have this in the morning. to have this in the morning. to have this in the morning. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. We need to find the ice &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. We need to find the ice &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. We need to find the ice machine. machine. machine. &gt;&gt; We do. &gt;&gt; We do. &gt;&gt; We do. &gt;&gt; Got to got to have that knowledge. Kind &gt;&gt; Got to got to have that knowledge. Kind &gt;&gt; Got to got to have that knowledge. Kind of file it away in the morning. of file it away in the morning. of file it away in the morning. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; It is just after 9:00. I don't know how &gt;&gt; It is just after 9:00. I don't know how &gt;&gt; It is just after 9:00. I don't know how we're still going, but the four of us we're still going, but the four of us we're still going, but the four of us are walking over to the what's the old are walking over to the what's the old are walking over to the what's the old lobby of Khala Springs. It's right lobby of Khala Springs. It's right lobby of Khala Springs. It's right outside Ponitos and um which is a gift outside Ponitos and um which is a gift outside Ponitos and um which is a gift shop. So, we have a friend KJ and her shop. So, we have a friend KJ and her shop. So, we have a friend KJ and her hubby and John and their three kiddos hubby and John and their three kiddos hubby and John and their three kiddos are also here at the same time. So, when are also here at the same time. So, when are also here at the same time. So, when your friends are here at Disney and your friends are here at Disney and your friends are here at Disney and you're at the same resort, you have to you're at the same resort, you have to you're at the same resort, you have to get together and hang out. We're going get together and hang out. We're going get together and hang out. We're going to let the kids watch some little to let the kids watch some little to let the kids watch some little cartoons in the lobby and just hang out, cartoons in the lobby and just hang out, cartoons in the lobby and just hang out, say hi, get a quick hug, and just hang say hi, get a quick hug, and just hang say hi, get a quick hug, and just hang out in person for a few minutes. We text out in person for a few minutes. We text out in person for a few minutes. We text and chat and hang out like FaceTime just and chat and hang out like FaceTime just and chat and hang out like FaceTime just all the time, but it's nice to be able all the time, but it's nice to be able all the time, but it's nice to be able to like see people in real life. So, she to like see people in real life. So, she to like see people in real life. So, she is one of the sweetest friends that I've is one of the sweetest friends that I've is one of the sweetest friends that I've met thanks to YouTube. And so, I'll link met thanks to YouTube. And so, I'll link met thanks to YouTube. And so, I'll link her, she actually has two channels as her, she actually has two channels as her, she actually has two channels as well. I'll link her channels down below. well. I'll link her channels down below. well. I'll link her channels down below. Love KJ if you watch spoon bowl videos. Love KJ if you watch spoon bowl videos. Love KJ if you watch spoon bowl videos. Um I collaborate with her a lot over Um I collaborate with her a lot over Um I collaborate with her a lot over there on um different like holiday stuff there on um different like holiday stuff there on um different like holiday stuff especially and things but throughout the especially and things but throughout the especially and things but throughout the year. So defin go check out KJ. She's year. So defin go check out KJ. She's year. So defin go check out KJ. She's the sweetest. Love her. But we're going the sweetest. Love her. But we're going the sweetest. Love her. But we're going to go hang out do a little bit. We don't to go hang out do a little bit. We don't to go hang out do a little bit. We don't have to get up super early for our have to get up super early for our have to get up super early for our imbarcation day. So we're just kind of imbarcation day. So we're just kind of imbarcation day. So we're just kind of like we're just having fun. We're just like we're just having fun. We're just like we're just having fun. We're just seeing where the day takes us. So like seeing where the day takes us. So like seeing where the day takes us. So like fun. Yeah. Oh my gosh. When we're walking back to Oh my gosh. When we're walking back to Oh my gosh. When we're walking back to our room, our room, our room, we start seeing fireworks. What in the we start seeing fireworks. What in the we start seeing fireworks. What in the world in building three? Just outside of the tower. Just outside of the tower. Just outside of the tower. That's cool.
