---
video_id: 6lOX7RZZXiI
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "Waking Up at 1:30 AM for DISNEY! Is it REALLY Worth It?"
published: 2025-09-25
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6lOX7RZZXiI
---
You may be wondering why we're getting up at 1:30 a.m. aka the butt crackadon. So, let me do a little explaining of why in the world we were up at 1:30. So, instead of picking the 5:00 p.m. flight that was available, we decided to pick the 500 a.m. flight, which meant our flight started boarding at 4:15 a.m. Yay us. And since it boarded at 4:15, that meant we need to be at the airport at 3:15. So, with us, we are lucky. Nashville has really great security and we have TSA pre-check. So, we are literally through in 5 10 minutes tops. Works really great, which is fantastic. And means we only need to get there 1 hour before our flight, which put us at a 2:15 a.m. needing to leave the house. Like literally bums and seats. We got to roll cuz we live an hour away from the airport. So, that's kind of our little time frame there. And then we're like, "Okay, I think we can get ready in 45 minutes." We had literally everything laid out, everything that we could in the car. And it was nothing more than putting on clothes. The girls ended up sleeping in their travel day outfits cuz I mean, I feel like that's no different than sleeping in your pajamas and then flying in your pajamas. And that's how we got here. [Music] I may shock some people when I say this, but this is early. So, our strategy for an early flight like this was literally to be like, "Okay, you can have a snack during takeoff. That way, we can be chewing, swallowing, minimizing, having any ear issues. For us, that works great for our kiddos." So, that's what we did during takeoff. And then, we are pulling out the blankets. I love my little travel blankets. Bella had hers. she used as a pillow and we actually shared mine cuz it is a really good size blanket. I will link it down below. Just suffice it to say it's amazing and I don't know why it took me so long to buy one. So, just don't take so long like I did. But when it comes to our strategy, this was it. Girl is chowing down on some Doritos. That was her snack of choice for the flight. And then we were like, "No activities. We're going to have chill time on the airplane." And we just kind of forced the nap. no toys, no yodo box, none of that. And so we had them chilling and thankfully it turned out really well. Now with Dean and Lucy, they were sitting together as well. And he did pull out her yodo box. So I'm like, I thought we talked about this, but it worked out. She still ended up sleeping on the plane. She got to play with her yo-yo box for a few minutes and listen to a story, and that helped relax her. And then she also fell asleep. So, you know, whatever works. Just wanted to share that though is like if you can force it, try to force it. I have kids once they are up usually at home, they are up. They will not go back to sleep. That is not happening. But thankfully, this early in the morning, they were still exhausted. And even though they fell asleep for a little bit in the car, we were still able to thankfully fall asleep on the plane. So, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. They napped, which was much needed because, you know, shockingly, this is early, guys. And I know you're probably wondering, well, why in the world did you book a 5:00 a.m. flight to begin with? So, when I was booking our flights to Orlando for this trip, we had three options. The first one was a free flight thanks to Spirit Points at 5:00 a.m. The second option was a free flight at 5:00 p.m., also thanks to Spirit Points that I could use, or any other time of day. So, like, you know, a normal timeish of day with Southwest, but it was going to be $110 per person, and that's each way. And so, I'm like, hm, thinking about this, I can either do a free flight and spend the entire day at Disney, I can do a free flight and potentially run into rain showers and things later in the afternoon. Being during hurricane season, the fall, that's a huge thing that you have to potentially run into. So, we didn't want to do that. So, ultimately, we went for the free flight at 5:00 a.m. Thank you, Spirit Points. She and I have successfully slept about 90% of the flight. I'll take it. And because this was, you know, early, we've kind of established that. Hopefully, no one's shocked at this point. But because it was early, we're doing one of my favorite things, and that is mobile ordering coffee while the plane is taxiing in and that way when we're getting off the plane and all that good stuff, we're walking in, we can go and grab our coffee. it's ready because I don't know, Starbucks can be a little slow sometimes. No shade, but it just can be. The one in this one can feel like it's waiting on Christmas. Actually, you know what? I think Christmas comes faster than your coffee does at this location. Don't ask me why. It's just a very popular location in the MCO airport. So, yeah, that's why we pre-order. And naturally, it's probably going to be a two coffee day for the day this long. So, we got uh Starbucks here at the airport. You just don't know everybody. If you're a resident, welcome home. Fun fact, if you are Flying Spirit and you're gate checking your stroller and they give you anything other than a green tag to go on it and it's not the correct tag. They gave us a pink one. And Dean's like, "These are usually green. Did they change the color?" And they're like, "Yeah, this is this is a gate check tag. It'll be there at the end of the jet bridge just like when you gate check it here." It is not. It is actually at the carousel. Well, if you want your stroller there, just know that one for future reference. Big step. Big step. Finally. I got a bed. Hey, Bella. Bella, you're walking with the wrong family. Bye. Bye. [Music] So, we are all checked in here at the Polynesian Village Tower. I am so stinking excited to be here. We spent one night here in January and it was chilly to the point that we couldn't get in the pool. We couldn't enjoy a lot of the things that make the Polynesian the Polynesian. So, I'm so excited to be back. It's warm. The girls are already in the Moana splash pad. So, we are having the best time. We did check in. I did online check-in and then I also do check in here just to like make sure they know, hey, we're here. We're ready for a room. Especially on a day like today when we're here so early. It is literally 9:45. We've got here. We got checked in. We explored the lobby. We explored the back. We all changed into our swimsuits. We did the whole thing. And it was so kind. a family that was checking out actually gave Lucy a Mickey balloon. You get to go there. Was so kind. Like it was just the sweetest experience. Literally from the moment we've pulled up, today has just been the most magical day so far. Sometimes it goes great and then sometimes you have like these crazy days and today is just one of those days where everything so far has just been the most magical thing on earth literally. So we're very excited to be here. And also, while we're waiting on our room, I have to talk about the amazing agent that is hosting us, and that is Elizabeth with Two Sisters, Magical Travel. Seriously, if you are wanting someone who wants your vacation to go as beautifully as you do, can help with everything from making resort reservations, helping you pick the resort, dining reservations, all that fun stuff. Definitely check out Elizabeth. She is fantastic. I've worked with her multiple times over the years and absolutely love her. She is a sweetheart. Her and her sweet family come and visit Disney all the time. So, she also is someone she loves Disney and she's going to help you want to love Disney, too. And the beautiful thing about using a travel agent is it doesn't cost you any extra because Disney has already factored in the commission to give an agent with their bookings, whether you utilize a travel agent or not. So, that commission is just going nowhere basically if you look at yourself. And it's a great way to support other Disney fans. So, I will have all her information linked down below. So, if you want to check her out, you can follow her on socials and fill out her quote form, all that good stuff. But seriously, if you're ready to get a countdown going, like, I'm just We just got here and I already want to book another countdown to come back here because this resort is just so beautiful. I I love it. Oh, that's wet. Play that over here. Mommy, where is the chocolate? They didn't have any muffins. I thought they would have muffins, but they only had banana muffins. And I know you don't like banana muffin. Do you want to try to dip? I know sometimes you like syrup. Whoa. Plunge to the hills. Now, you don't dip until you're ready to eat it. That yummy. Hey. Hey. [Music] We've now moved over from the splash pad to the pool. So, I'm going to go swimming and enjoy myself. So, these clouds are starting to prove my point, and I'm starting to feel raindrops. Thankfully, the closest lightning strike is 21 miles away. So, I don't think they're going to close the pool, but just depends on how you feel about playing in the pool. And also, I can see the rain literally coming. And as an American, I also smell it. And just like that, it's raining. Don't get in there, Belle. Literally. No. Oh my goodness. Sure did. What do you want to order? Yeah. Yeah. And then lunch at Wulu has arrived. We've got the macaroni and cheese rebell. Lucy got the chicken. We're hiding from the rain. Dean got the infamous burger and I got the chowine salad. I'm excited. Oh, look at you. You got the handwriting everything. So fancy. So the the 5:00 a.m. flight and one or two basically for them 2 a.m. wake up call is definitely starting to kick. We're not like on the floor like melting down, but we are like slowly having more and more big feelings. So, it's 11:56 and I'm like crossing my fingers and toes and everything in hopes that we get our room soon cuz we could use a nap and I think that would re-energize us and help us with the rest of the day. But we're we're getting tired for sure. Right, princesses? Here are the sundaes for you. Oh my good. Just a minute there, Bella. Hi. You like it? Love it. You love it. You love it. No. Well, you're a like you love it. Sour. That's pineapple. I don't like pineapple. We ventured over to the gift shop cuz we have a little girl that we have promised that she could get a stitch to go with her angel plush. So, they need it need they need to be reunited. She needs a little friend. So, we're in the boutiquey seeing if we can find a Stitch. Surely since he's at the character breakfast upstairs, he's going to be in some one of the gift shops here. Oh, that's so cool that you found that. That's awesome. Okay, over here. Careful. Oh, that balloon is making me nervous. So, I got the mug. Dean got a sweater. Yes, a zip-up hoodie. But we're still on the hunt for Stitch. Yay. We're going to find it, though. Hi. Let's go. She's ready. All right. Let's see if we can find a stitch. We're on the hunt. my size of the All right, we have found Stitch. Love it. We found him. And then, can I use that gift card? I know. You're reuniting them. You're finally getting your stitch, huh? That's just the way his ears are made. Aloha. Aloha. How are we doing today? Pretty good. How are you? Good. Good. How can I help you? Um, let's do a cold brew. Like the flavor, like how many pumps you put in it? How do you guys make it? The same amount of pumps no matter what flavor you want. Okay. Can I get add a mocha and coconut to that? Mocha and coconut. You got it. Really pretty. Okay. It is an iced coffee with mocha and um coconut and I sipped a little and put like a two squirts of um half and half from the little station in the back. It is good. It's a little sweet, but it's not the sweetest thing I've ever had. What do you think for sweets? It's pretty sweet, but it's good. For me, I'd give it like a sweetness out of six out of 10. Yeah, like on a sweet level. Maybe like an eight out of 10 for you. Yeah, it's pretty sweet. It's good. It's sweet. It masks the bitter. All right, room is ready. We're going to go back to the splash pad. But we're going to go to the room first, drop some stuff, then go there. Let's go. All right, so don't get me wrong, the lava pool is incredible, but extremely crowded. We're heading back over to our pool. We also have friends that are staying here at the same time. So, we're going to meet up with them and do some more splash bed time. So, let's go do that cuz it's going to be a lot less crowded over there than it is at this main pool. Also, fun fact, as a poly guest, you can also go over and use that pool if you want to. It is open to Polynesian guests. So, whether you're staying in the tower, you're staying in the old DVC buildings here, or if you're just a regular Polynesian resort guest, you can also do that, which is cool. Yeah, we are higher than the Montreal. How cool is that? All right, hold it. Open far. Thank you. Squeeze. There we go. Whoa. It says, "Happy birthday, Lucy." Lucy and Lucy. It's got your name on there three times. This is beautiful. We open the curtains. Is it this way? Nope. Oh, it's this way. Hold on. [Music] Wow. door. [Music] All right, we've got two tiny Moana and we are ready for the pool round two. That's also part of our game plan with today. It was insanely early. So, I am not putting any reservations. I'm not buying lightning lanes for a day like today. We are just playing it by ear and we'll you okay? We'll be able to just do what we do. Our main plan is to enjoy the resort. We may we do have annual passes. So, we may pop in and watch the parade and fireworks at Magic Kingdom. But again, we're just playing it by ear and we will see how we do. It's 2:00 and we seem like we're doing pretty good, but that could change quickly, so we'll see. [Music] No. [Music] It's a bit later. We are back out in about 6:38. So, we are headed to Magic Kingdom. We have napped. Hopefully energized enough because we can't sleep too long or else we'll ruin sleeping tonight in bedtime. But I'm hoping we've slept enough that we're in good moods. So, cross your fingers for me. We'll see how this goes. I feel like it's always such a learning curve. And even though we come a lot, I feel like every trip is so different and each phase is so different with your kids that it's like, okay, you may have found your rhythm this time and your rhythm may need to run at a completely different speed the next time. So, crossing our fingers [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Yep. Pizza for you. Yep. It's going to be hot. What's your wish? I hope I would have snow powers and make a great wish. And I love mommy. Even I love all the castle, even our hotel. And I love all of it. What did you all It's a small small world. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] We are going to attempt to go grab a spot for Starlight. It starts in less than 20 minutes, so we'll see. It's the first parade of the day on a holiday weekend. Our time here earlier in August was not terrible. So, I'm curious to see how it goes being a busier weekend. But, it really wasn't all that bad. I didn't think Heat. Heat. Heat [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] up here. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Most people are swimming this way. So, I feel like we're too big. We are headed back to the resort cuz we're like we've got an early morning. But those of you that are internet fan that also watch Spoonful will know this. I'm hanging out with KJ. Hi. We always do like cleaning and decorating videos. So, we got together in real life. And also, she has a Disney channel, too. Like, we never talk about that, but I will link her channel down below. Go check her out. Or if you need more Disney mom content, check out KJ. And obviously we'll be doing more decorate with me soon for sure. With some sort of Disney magic, we got three strollers, two doubles side by side and a single stroller in one single Montreal car like from door to door. I don't know how the doors closed, but they did and we did that. But I don't think we'll be able to do the same with the elevators here at Polly cuz they're tiny. So, it is 9:29. So, we're going to see if we can make it for fireworks from down below. The wave break terrace on level five didn't look super full of people. So, we'll see if it's actually full of people or not. They probably just started ready to begin. So, we're parking the stroller over there, and we're going to walk out here. Oh my gosh, there's like not very many people here. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Which one's next? I think it's Hercules. I'm a far off place where a hero's welcome will be waiting for me. The battles, the stories, the losses, and all the meories. Got to wait. There she comes. Look, there she is. Yay. Go, Tinko. Is that her? That is That's her flying through the sky. Is that her on the zipline? Yeah, that's her on the zipline. [Music] Well, good morning you guys and welcome to our last day here at Disney World. We're checking out of the Polynesian going to do Ohana breakfast. That was Lucy's birthday request. So, we are doing that is her one meal that she picked is like a fancy meal. We're doing that getting packed up the whole thing. So, let's jump back in time and get ready to leave, which is always the worst day of your Disney vacation. [Music] I'm not heading for the stars. Driving down the boulevard tonight. Playing on repeat. Watching people on the street as I go by. [Music] And it doesn't even matter to me where I go. I just feel I need to take a ride. Got my coffee cup to go and I'm going to hit the road tonight. [Music] Now my wheels in motion and my windows open with the wind blowing in my hair. I'm driving down the highway. Going to do this my way. I can feel it in the air. Here I go. [Music] Turning up the stereo in a place I didn't know till now in a different part of town. I see new colors as the sun goes down. [Music] No, it doesn't even matter to me where I go. All right, hit the window. [Music] Now my wheels in motion and my windows open with the wind blowing in my hair. I'm driving down the highway. Going to do this my way. I can feel it in the air. Here I go. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] I'm not heading for the stars. Driving down this boulevard tonight. Yeah. Playing cool play on repeat. Watching people on the street as I go by. Now my wheels in motion and my windows open with the wind blowing in my hair. I'm driving down the highway. Going to do this my way. I can feel it in the air. Here I go. [Music] [Music] Just don't go too deep. Okay. [Music] Seeing some monsters. That was awesome. [Music] Yeah. And record. Oh, you recording? Yeah. All right. I need you to be buckling, ma'am. I'm recording. [Music] Let the I want to let the play [Music] [Applause] All right. This or driving? This. I'm sorry. I'm so grateful that we live in an area where we are close to an airport that has very cheap flights. I just Yeah. I'm I'm glad that we have that option. The same I can say. [Music] Sh. [Music] Sh. [Music] Hey, let's go. All right. Well, that is going too, so let's keep walking. And yes, smell of pizza got us. Oh, good. I was like, oh, man. [Music] Bertha. I see Bertha. Miss you, Berie. We missed you, Berthie. We name our cars. Her her car's name is Bertha. Yes, they're named after things. Okay, we got to be a little redneck. We're from Tennessee. Yeah, we're in Tennessee. Come on. Yep. It's water burger time. What part of the movie is this one? Oh, wow. It's a bendy straw. It is a bendy straw. Did not expect that. I was No, not expecting that either.
