---
video_id: FyWP3KVfAgM
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "🎄 Disney World Vlog | Two Parks in One Day: Magic Kingdom & Animal Kingdom"
published: 2025-12-03
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FyWP3KVfAgM
---
Look at this. I got to be screaming louder. Good job. There we go. Oh, this is a great one. Thank you. That is the best. It it wouldn't be pretty cuz we're going to be tired. We're going to be upset and we're going to be emotional and it's going to be hard a lot harder to regulate all that. Got the tree up. They are decked and ready for Christmas. Are we going to go in for the zoo in just a minute? Happy weather day. What name? I sound like blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. Uh empty bus stop and the sign says it'll be here any minute or we just missed it. Who knows? The warm seat. All right, I'm gonna go to the warm seat, too. Oh, these are great. Good morning, you guys, and welcome to almost Magic Kingdom. We just stepped off the bus. Got to go through security. It is 6:50. The Main Street USA section opens at 7:00, so we're about 10 minutes early, so we're ready to go in and enter. It looks like it's going to be pretty empty today, which I'm pretty excited about. It's the first Christmas party day. And so we're not doing the Christmas party tonight. We've We're doing the second night and I'm so excited. I love Main Street. So, let's go. Magic band. All right, let's go. Thank you so much. Welcome. Enjoy. Whoa. Wow. Look at that. Look at all the Christmas. Look at that. Look how long it took to get the heavy off. So pretty. Behind the castle. I'm going to I want to sit like this. All right. Is that how you're posing loose? It's cardigan off. Everybody hands out. Hands out. Not like we're not like we're holding the castle. Not like we're holding the castle. Okay, let's do one more. All right, and everybody say cheese. Cheese. Cheese. Last one. Last one. Last one. Cheese. Awesome. All right, we did it. A video of you spinning. Yeah. Are running. Ready? The empty castle shot has been acquired. If you are coming, please don't stop at the first photographer you see on Main Street. They are inevitably always the longest line. If you look out and you get a good shot and you get a short line there, maybe do it. But it's so much shorter here. They've got cast members there that are taking photos. They've got cast members here that are taking photos. So you can get a great shot with the castle and you won't wait as long. Who's going to scan for early entry? Lucy said me first. You can do it tomorrow. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Not bad. 15 minutes and we're walking on. Hands up already. You ready, Lucy? Yeah. I'm going to be screaming louder. You're going to be screaming louder. All right. Woo! That's what we That was good. I'm right here. It is 7:55. Gastons is open 5 minutes early. Heck yes. Cinnamon roll. Get in my belly. Never had a chance to sit right here. Yeah. They think that they think that Gaston smells. What does it smell like? He said, "Smells like castle rocks." That looks good. Yes. Creme Brulee croissant. Give me that creme brulee croissant. So good. Yum. Oh wow. Oh my. He did good. Why did they antlers? It's a French redneck. Mhm. Here you go. There's some more. You okay? What just happened? She forgot how to sit. How's the croissant? Magical. We were so close. I could not get this over. All right. So, Haunted Mansion is a 13-minute wait. So, Dean is going to take Bella and Lucy and I are going to go check out Fantasy Fair. She's not the biggest Haunted Mansion fan. So, we are dividing and conquering. Wa! They got these cute Christmas ears. Oo, pretty. Those are pretty. These shirts are so cute. It has a gift and then we can go away with so it's not look. Yeah, we are off to the Christmas shop. Mom, can I just buy one thing I see that I really like? We'll see. Do you want to write a letter to Santa? No. That's a cool ornament necklace or light necklace. I want it. I want this. Oh my gosh. It matches your dress. I love it. This is fun looking. Mama, is that cool? I definitely like this. You think that should be your ornament for the year? All right, we're not going to get it just yet, but we'll remember that one. Oh, mommy. They've got a Marie one, too. It says Marie. Just be gentle. Okay. Those are fragile. You think Bella would want it? I think so, too. bell and sticker bell. I like it. Those are cool. Your Thank you. Oh, there's the rock. I take a picture with the horse. Three, two, one. One more. All right. Are you ready to skip the stretching room? Wow. We're skipping the stretching room. And then we'll turn left. I saw the ghost teapot. You saw the ghost teapot? Yeah. Yep. We're skipping. Here you go. Oh, not the stickers, Bella. All right, lean back. Woo! Big jump. Was that good, Belle? I think it's Tiana's time. I hope we get a fair out there. Hey, I stepped on your foot. Come on. Thank you. I got my friend. Seattle was right. There are musicians out here and there are cooking. Y'all got a little buddy. Did you find the sound? I was crazy. This performance is sponsored in by one family once again by the blue skies. Oh, it's a baby Stitch. That's cute. All right. Are we going to head over towards Tomorrowland? That's where she's want to go. Yeah. your your letter. All right. This says, "Dear Santa." All right, Bella, let's write yours with a purple crayon. Here, I found it right here. Tell me what you want to know. Tell Santa. Dear Santa, I would like Okay. I would like a you say a giant Hello Kitty. Bella, do you want to draw Santa a picture really quick? Okay, Santa picture really quick. Is that your picture? We're ready for it. Oh, do you want to rest? Drama big heart. Drama big heart. Big love heart for Santa. My sinuses. There we go. Oh, it's a smiling heart. Now, now I like it. I want a giant Barbie house with a bunch of big barbers. Just two. And I love Santa. Good job. There we go. There you go. Right there. Good job. Okay. Give me one second. Okay. Oh, it's doublesided. Oh, two for one. We got an orange bird on it. That's cute. She'd really have that. Wally would like that. Have an orange bird on it, wouldn't she? Slow down. There's a genie. Hang out with boys. Here we go. All right. Good job, ladies. Can I ask them here everybody? We have got a human that is dressed up like a green bean and she's going to treat us to churros. Give her a great big hand. And who doesn't love churros with green beans at the airport? Does anybody out there know more? Oh, humans. Oh, that was good. But I think you can be louder. Start the show. Oh, I can't wait for those. Green bean lady. What your name is, please? Ron. Correct. It's Ron, right? Yes. Yeah. Two for two. Ron, we're doing so. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. All right, green bean lady. I'm ready for my churros. Now for real. Do you want a churro? No. I guess so. That was funny. The girls and I are off. We're going to go ride Speedway and do the purple flag so they can both drive while daddy goes and rides Space Mountain. Got him a lightning lane for that and us one for this so that we can kind of trade off and go have some fun. Can your fans All right, ready to go. Here we go. Whoa. Look, there's Dale. There's Galactic Dale. There he is. You wave at him. Hi They're coming right at night time. They're all lit up. Going to the Disney to the Disney. Oh, the Christmas party. Yeah. Yeah, we're going to do that during the trip. Stand by Space Mountain. 15 minutes. Lightning Lane right now. Just just by myself all the way down to the gate on your right. Thank you. Ooh, special treat. You are clear. A remain seated with arms inside your vehicle until you come to a complete stop. I can say there right now. I do love riding Space Mountain. That was fun. Now to find the girls. You having fun, Belle? Yeah. Don't I wonder? Can I do Apple Pay? I like that. Oh, you're good. I give it to Okay. Wa! It is a bubble parade. They're definitely the bubble parade. These are peppermints into bubbles. I know. I kept smelling peppermint. That's what the sticker that come off of it says. Oh, that's so funny. Well, right now we're going to go over here and mommy's going to get a coffee. My mission is Oh, yes. Cheers. Yum. All right, let's go. Made a stitch. Oh, this line got long fast. All right, bubbles up. bring that over to get signed and then make sure you get that first. Okay. Okay. I know their outfits are so cute. Like the lights. Can we get you to sign Stitch? Thank you. They forgot you. They forgot part of our Ohana. What? That's so crazy. Next time we've got to have him put Stitch on there. He still That's awesome. Stitches on the picture. Stitch. Stitch. Hands. He added himself in the I like that he's in the picture. That's cute. He added his own portrait. I love it. Sorry, St. Remember, stay hydrated. Coffee counts. I don't think so. Counted up, too. It's your favorite ride. It is. It is a people mover time. Please. The next station is Tomorrowland Urban Planning and Star Trail. Your express train keeps on rolling through the future. Right by two of my favorite spots today. Attention all visitors from Galaxy M31. Mission is Walt Disney's Carousel of Progress. Heat. Heat. little Santa Mickey. Oh, that's cute. Very oversized. I like that. Cozy. It's cute. And it's going fast. All right, after a quick shopping trip inside of the Emporium, we're headed back to the plaza. Decided to join the wait list while we looked around and our table has called. It is ready. So, we are on our way to claim our table. I'm so excited. We've not eaten here in a bit. And the menu looks really good. They have like some holiday sammies. Yeah, they do. And my mouth is watering. Okay. Thank you. Yes. Nice. We've been once or a couple times before actually. Thank you. I like it. Oh, this is a great one. Thank you. That is the best. They have their special holiday offerings. The pot roast looks so good. And then they also have a turkey meatloaf, which also sounds really good. So, we may get one of each to share. Cornbreed. I know. Let's see. Do you want macaroni and cheese? Yes, please. Wash your hands, please. Wipe your hands, please. had many variations over the years, but we are still doing the coloring mats. We decided to do big strokes today. We have some straws. These are actually compostable straws. So, fun fact there. And then we also have some little cup lids, these seal things down colors, and then the wet wipes for sanitizing. It looks so good though. That looks Oh my gosh. Fancy. Fancy. So fancy. And I also have mashed potatoes. Thank you. Mac and cheese. Couple of fries. Apple slices. Same thing. Is it? Yeah, that's a different one. She says it's like a cranberry sauce. Oh, interesting. Okay. The pot roast is really good. It's super tender. That is the aioli, which is a type of I think isn't it? A mayo base. Aioli mayo. It's really good. It's really good except for when you take a bite of it and you're thinking it's gravy. Not gravy. gravy. That is good, isn't it? I like it. The struggle bus is real. If I had glasses on right now, I think you're flying. That's good. Heat. Heat. Let's go ride the Na'vi ride. Yeah, we're going to ride the Na'vi ride and we're going to ride Flight of Passage for Lucy. Sorry, Taipei. Okay, I'm like rule follower. Our first time going on to you got that. Hello. It's okay. I made it. Watch out. Loose. We made it. We've made it back to the resort cuz it is time for mom and dad's nap. They're like, "We don't want a nap. We don't need a nap. We have energy. I I would like to relax. It's a rift. We've taken some steps today." Yes. 5:30 this morning was a while back. It is now 2:30. Only 11,000 steps only. I'm just ready for a nice little chill. Lunch was nice and I kind of felt recharged after that, but I don't know. There's just nothing like coming back and relaxing in the room. Just for a few minutes. Doesn't have to be long. Just a few minutes of chill. It's very nice. So, we're going to do that, get changed, and then the plan is to head off to Animal Kingdom. We've got some Lightning Lane stacked for later. got a single pass for Flight of Passage. So, we are ready to go fit in some Animal Kingdom Christmas. So, we're excited. There's our house. That's the bike. This is the reality of a midday break. Sometimes I set an alarm for an hour and a half, 2 hours later and it goes off and we're all like waking the dead. And then other times it's like 20 minutes later and I am wide awake and now wired. I'm going to go grab a bottle of water cuz Lord knows I need to hydrate. Um and then yeah, we're going to see. It is 4:25. We've got just a little bit left on the timer. We have a shorter break today. So, we could only rest for about an hour 15 minutes. So, we have about 15 minutes left of that hour 15 minutes. So, we'll see. Dean was still resting pretty good. And the girls are like gone. Even though literally out of their mouth, they were saying, "I don't need a nap. I don't want a break. I have so much energy." As we're walking back. Also, no, my kids don't nap at home. They're four and six years old. If your kids are that age and still napping, congratulations. You really should deserve a prize, but mine do not. I mean, we don't nap at home on the daily, but when it comes to Disney, we nap because we like early in we like staying up and closing out a park and enjoying fireworks and those types of things. Um, so yeah, that's that is how it works for us. Um, if we didn't do those breaks, it it wouldn't be pretty because we're going to be tired and we're going to be upset and we're going to be emotional and it's going to be hard a lot harder to regulate all that if you're not taking a little bit of a break. Um, I'm excited. We're doing Animal Kingdom. I am a little disappointed about today cuz they've changed the hours for the safari. So, I was really hoping for like an evening sunset safari, but they've shortened the hours to where it now closes at like 4:45, even if the park is open until 8:00 p.m. Um, when I picked our park days, that was not the case. And then now today, I go back and double check cuz I'm like, why am I not getting lightning lanes for later? That's why. Oh well, we'll have fun. we get to see the Zootopia show and then we are going to do like all the Avatar stuff that we like. So, I don't know. Like I like Animal Kingdom, but with so much of it down, I'm just kind of like we can do a little less time there. Um, I really like it in Animal Kingdom. It is fun, but I need him to like open some stuff up cuz it's getting slimmer pickings. Let's go this way. I want to try something. You heard it here first, folks. I want to try something. Oh, I see what you're going to try. You're going to try going across and through and the back so it's faster. Yeah, that's the idea. And that's how we find stuff out. Oh, look. It's Goofy in the ticket booth. inside of the ticket booth. Look, see behind the curtain. Oh, look at that. Got the tree up. They are decked and ready for Christmas. I love it. Look, everybody say cheese. One, two, three, cheese. All right. And cheese. One more time. All right. Silly face. All right. And a four real happy face really quick. Not right now. So pretty. Look at that. We can't see Pandora. All right, Lucy. Right over there, babe. Have a good night. Thank you. How beautiful it is out here. Dad, Dad, let's try let's try shooting out water. Daddy, let's not do it now. Doing it. doing it. I don't think it's going to change. I think it's too late. It's sleepy. A There it goes. We did it. We did it. Look at that. I got I got beef chim chim chim chim chim ch. We got you the same thing. I did. I just got mine without the slo and the bulbasa. Nice. And then we got one of the the cheeseburger buns. And then she got the hot dog. That looks good. That's okay. Kind of orange. Thank you. That's delicious. All right, we'll catch up with you in a minute. I like it. Oh, careful. Yum. Got a whole bubble party going over here. Waiting on Daddy and while they're doing rider switch. They're going on a Flight of Passage with our special Lightning Lane. Okay, the wait is 70 minutes right now. And this bubble wand is the winner. Forever picking the bubble wand over the balloon. I love the balloons. They are so fun. But these last even longer. Whoa. Double bubble wand. Look out. Let's do this. and linked to an avatar. Using avatars to fly this way was all figured out by my boss, Dr. Jackie Octton. There's your seat. All right, travelers. Once you're all seated, please be sure to sit up nice and tall. Lean all the way forward. Here we go. Whoa. What just happened? No way. Wow. So peaceful. Oh, we're not anymore. Uh, are we going to go in for the new docu in just a minute? There we go. Look at all this water around it, baby girl. We are going into the tree for Zootopia. I never went to the inside. I don't know. You did, but the last time we did was a few years ago when you didn't like it. So, it was tough to be a bug. It was tough to be a bug. And it was tough to be little kids with. It's tough to be a bug. We're going under the tree now. We're going under the tree, right? We are together. Happy together day. Please no flash or video lighting during the watch time. Tell your turtle friends thank they me I happy zoo together. Now your job press that big red button totally standard. Okay. I'll check the time while you interview the witnesses. I can help you. Really? The man. No. It's glow stick. Carter a star. Blue. What did everybody think of Zootopia? You got to do a quick review. Did you like it? Uhhuh. I liked it. I thought it was cute. Tell me what part you love. I like the part where they were talking and it was spraying water all over the the audience. I say what it was what they like blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. My favorite part was the end. The end where all the singing and dancing. Yeah. Yeah, that was pretty good. My favorite part, Bella. That would be the blah blah blah blah blah. What was your favorite part? Oh, I liked the seals when they were dressed like Ariel. That was funny. It's fun. Did you like when the little mice ran under our bones? I thought that was funny. Did really? Yeah. You didn't feel it? I did. Do you feel it? I did. I felt bump back and forth. That was crazy. Mom, I liked it. That part. It was silly. It was silly. Mom, uh, I think it blah blah blah blah. Yeah. Mom. Um, I think the chairs to it felt like mouses were going under a bunch. Yeah, I think so, too. All right. What was your favorite part, Daddy? I definitely thought the seals dressed up as mermaids were hilarious. That was I like that part. There was so much going on. It was almost hard to catch it all. She's like, she Yeah, that was a good one. All right, that was fun. Other than it's tough to be a bug. Yes, definitely. But it is 8:12. The park officially closed at 8:00. They did one last awakening. Um, which on in the app it said it wasn't supposed to start until November 14th and today was the 7th. So, I mean, I'm not mad that it started early cuz we love watching the tree awaken. Um, that was cool. But that was really pretty. And each one is different. And I think it's every 10 or 15 minutes they do it. Oh, really? But the two different ones that we saw tonight, they're slightly different each time with different animals and stuff. So, if you get a chance, definitely check it out. It's also beautiful from the back side of the tree as well. So, if you get to watch it from back there, a lot less people. It's really pretty. But, I think we are going to head out. Tomorrow is our Jollywood day or Jollywood night. So, we're going to take it easy tomorrow morning and we're going to go have a lot of fun. But if you enjoyed today's vlog and coming along for the day, then go ahead, click that thumbs up button, red subscribe button. If you're new, would absolutely love to have you in the internet fam and end of the video club, you've got to let us know. Are you more of a park hopping family doing multiple things or are you a one park per day? Typically, that is us, but we took advantage of Magic Kingdom being a party day this morning, and we're like, we really want to do some evening Animal Kingdom time, so we're squeezing it in. So, that is that for our day, but I would love to hear about you guys down in the comment section, but I will see you here in the next one. Bye. a beautiful thing just happened. We were like, "Oo, they still got pastries over there." Went up to check and Ash said, "Got any pink donuts?" And they said, "Hey, just so you know, it holdries if I want to get one right now." So, I got a cronut. She got a pink donut. Bella's got a pink donut. And Lucy's got a chocolate donut. What a beautiful day. Beautiful cap to the beautiful day. Ready? Hi. Today we're going to Magic Kingdom and we're all dressed up. Bye. Drift cool down. There we go. Hey, all of going to ride mine train and we have our magic band. Oh, bye-bye.
