---
video_id: VzNyzNFvpKI
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "Disney Cruise Pirates League Tour and Full Makeover"
published: 2025-12-17
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzNyzNFvpKI
---
Hello you guys and welcome to pirate Hello you guys and welcome to pirate Hello you guys and welcome to pirate night. Today we are doing a bippity night. Today we are doing a bippity night. Today we are doing a bippity boppity boutique with a twist. So we're boppity boutique with a twist. So we're boppity boutique with a twist. So we're not doing princess style today. We are not doing princess style today. We are not doing princess style today. We are going fullon pirate with pirates league. going fullon pirate with pirates league. going fullon pirate with pirates league. This is something that happens only on This is something that happens only on This is something that happens only on pirate night. So, grab yourselves a pirate night. So, grab yourselves a pirate night. So, grab yourselves a reservation and get ready for a really reservation and get ready for a really reservation and get ready for a really good time. good time. good time. &gt;&gt; Choose the package for the &gt;&gt; Choose the package for the &gt;&gt; Choose the package for the &gt;&gt; Are you looking for a costume for the &gt;&gt; Are you looking for a costume for the &gt;&gt; Are you looking for a costume for the pirates? My pirates? My pirates? My &gt;&gt; pirate can get a pair. &gt;&gt; pirate can get a pair. &gt;&gt; pirate can get a pair. &gt;&gt; You want to stay in the costume? &gt;&gt; You want to stay in the costume? &gt;&gt; You want to stay in the costume? &gt;&gt; I think we'll stay in the costume if &gt;&gt; I think we'll stay in the costume if &gt;&gt; I think we'll stay in the costume if &gt;&gt; we just do the makeup and accessories. &gt;&gt; we just do the makeup and accessories. &gt;&gt; we just do the makeup and accessories. &gt;&gt; Yes, please. &gt;&gt; Yes, please. &gt;&gt; Yes, please. &gt;&gt; Going to give you a pirate, okay, since &gt;&gt; Going to give you a pirate, okay, since &gt;&gt; Going to give you a pirate, okay, since you're a pir. you're a pir. you're a pir. So, we're going to play a little game. So, we're going to play a little game. So, we're going to play a little game. We don't like snake eyes, no servants, We don't like snake eyes, no servants, We don't like snake eyes, no servants, and no doubles. Then I lend you my dice. and no doubles. Then I lend you my dice. and no doubles. Then I lend you my dice. Hold it. Hold it with both hands. And Hold it. Hold it with both hands. And Hold it. Hold it with both hands. And then we're going to shake. Shake. Shake. then we're going to shake. Shake. Shake. then we're going to shake. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake. Up to the sky. Down to the ocean. Shake. Up to the sky. Down to the ocean. Shake. Up to the sky. Down to the ocean. Your left. The other around the world. And for good luck, you shake your fire And for good luck, you shake your fire And for good luck, you shake your fire booty. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake your booty. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake your booty. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake your booty. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake. booty. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake. booty. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake. Shake. Okay. Where's the other Shake. Shake. Okay. Where's the other Shake. Shake. Okay. Where's the other one? There. There we go. So, if we're one? There. There we go. So, if we're one? There. There we go. So, if we're going to read it side by side, that going to read it side by side, that going to read it side by side, that would make it 31. would make it 31. would make it 31. &gt;&gt; And if we're going to turn it around, &gt;&gt; And if we're going to turn it around, &gt;&gt; And if we're going to turn it around, that would make it 13. 31 or 13? that would make it 13. 31 or 13? that would make it 13. 31 or 13? &gt;&gt; 31. &gt;&gt; 31. &gt;&gt; 31. &gt;&gt; 31. So, your fire name would be &gt;&gt; 31. So, your fire name would be &gt;&gt; 31. So, your fire name would be James Starfish. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, your fire name would be &gt;&gt; Okay. So, your fire name would be &gt;&gt; Okay. So, your fire name would be &gt;&gt; Angel. Before Before Before we head in though, I did want to quickly we head in though, I did want to quickly we head in though, I did want to quickly introduce myself. Hi, my name is Ashley introduce myself. Hi, my name is Ashley introduce myself. Hi, my name is Ashley and here on my channel, Pixie Dusted and here on my channel, Pixie Dusted and here on my channel, Pixie Dusted Mom. I am all about sharing tips, Mom. I am all about sharing tips, Mom. I am all about sharing tips, tricks, and hacks to help you plan and tricks, and hacks to help you plan and tricks, and hacks to help you plan and enjoy the best Disney vacation possible enjoy the best Disney vacation possible enjoy the best Disney vacation possible for you and your family. We love sharing for you and your family. We love sharing for you and your family. We love sharing vlogs from our Disney adventures along vlogs from our Disney adventures along vlogs from our Disney adventures along the way and all the helpful tips for the way and all the helpful tips for the way and all the helpful tips for planning as a family and bringing young planning as a family and bringing young planning as a family and bringing young children along. So, if that's content children along. So, if that's content children along. So, if that's content that you're into, you're planning a that you're into, you're planning a that you're into, you're planning a Disney trip, you've got a countdown Disney trip, you've got a countdown Disney trip, you've got a countdown going, go ahead, click the red subscribe going, go ahead, click the red subscribe going, go ahead, click the red subscribe button, or you can scan the QR code to button, or you can scan the QR code to button, or you can scan the QR code to join our little internet fam. We join our little internet fam. We join our little internet fam. We absolutely love to have you. And with no absolutely love to have you. And with no absolutely love to have you. And with no further ado, let's go turn into a further ado, let's go turn into a further ado, let's go turn into a pirate. Nice to meet you. pirate. Nice to meet you. pirate. Nice to meet you. &gt;&gt; Nice to meet you. I'm CJ and all of you &gt;&gt; Nice to meet you. I'm CJ and all of you &gt;&gt; Nice to meet you. I'm CJ and all of you are born tonight. J. &gt;&gt; So, just like with Bippity Bobby &gt;&gt; So, just like with Bippity Bobby &gt;&gt; So, just like with Bippity Bobby Boutique, same goes for Pirate League. Boutique, same goes for Pirate League. Boutique, same goes for Pirate League. When you come in, you're going to pick When you come in, you're going to pick When you come in, you're going to pick one of the multiple packages. There are one of the multiple packages. There are one of the multiple packages. There are three options, which I'll go over in three options, which I'll go over in three options, which I'll go over in just a minute. But if you are buying the just a minute. But if you are buying the just a minute. But if you are buying the is the best here you get. And then these is the best here you get. And then these is the best here you get. And then these are the $200 something dollar package. are the $200 something dollar package. are the $200 something dollar package. I'll pop it up on the screen. Either I'll pop it up on the screen. Either I'll pop it up on the screen. Either this is the option number one, option this is the option number one, option this is the option number one, option number two, and then option number three number two, and then option number three number two, and then option number three for the $200 package. And then here's for the $200 package. And then here's for the $200 package. And then here's the other one for the $119 the other one for the $119 the other one for the $119 package. But you can bring your own package. But you can bring your own package. But you can bring your own pirate costume if you want. You can wear pirate costume if you want. You can wear pirate costume if you want. You can wear a t-shirt, whatever you want to look a t-shirt, whatever you want to look a t-shirt, whatever you want to look like for pirate night. You can do that like for pirate night. You can do that like for pirate night. You can do that yourself and then do the makeup and yourself and then do the makeup and yourself and then do the makeup and they'll give you the patch and the they'll give you the patch and the they'll give you the patch and the little accessories that go along with little accessories that go along with little accessories that go along with the $69.99 package instead if you want the $69.99 package instead if you want the $69.99 package instead if you want to save some money, but you still want to save some money, but you still want to save some money, but you still want to have the experience. &gt;&gt; Of course. &gt;&gt; Of course. &gt;&gt; Of course. &gt;&gt; Oh, are these the pirates? So, we've got &gt;&gt; Oh, are these the pirates? So, we've got &gt;&gt; Oh, are these the pirates? So, we've got Hold on. Turn it over. Hold on. Turn it over. Hold on. Turn it over. &gt;&gt; So, we got Zombie Pirate and we have &gt;&gt; So, we got Zombie Pirate and we have &gt;&gt; So, we got Zombie Pirate and we have Blackbeard. Blackbeard. Blackbeard. &gt;&gt; Got Captain Jack and Ship Shape. &gt;&gt; Got Captain Jack and Ship Shape. &gt;&gt; Got Captain Jack and Ship Shape. &gt;&gt; I want a big one. &gt;&gt; I want a big one. &gt;&gt; I want a big one. &gt;&gt; Well, this these are the options, &gt;&gt; Well, this these are the options, &gt;&gt; Well, this these are the options, sweetie. sweetie. sweetie. &gt;&gt; What's this one? &gt;&gt; What's this one? &gt;&gt; What's this one? &gt;&gt; That's Zombie Pirate. &gt;&gt; That's Zombie Pirate. &gt;&gt; That's Zombie Pirate. &gt;&gt; All right. Good job. &gt;&gt; All right. Good job. &gt;&gt; All right. Good job. &gt;&gt; Which one do you think you're zombie &gt;&gt; Which one do you think you're zombie &gt;&gt; Which one do you think you're zombie pirate? pirate? pirate? &gt;&gt; You like that one? &gt;&gt; You like that one? &gt;&gt; You like that one? &gt;&gt; You want to be You want a zombie pirate? Zombie pirate. Zombie pirate. Zombie pirate. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; Zombie pirate. &gt;&gt; The girls have selected the zombie &gt;&gt; The girls have selected the zombie &gt;&gt; The girls have selected the zombie pirate. pirate. pirate. &gt;&gt; Both of them. &gt;&gt; Both of them. &gt;&gt; Both of them. &gt;&gt; But they come with three different &gt;&gt; But they come with three different &gt;&gt; But they come with three different levels for these. They have the pirate levels for these. They have the pirate levels for these. They have the pirate makeup and accessories as what we did makeup and accessories as what we did makeup and accessories as what we did cuz we brought our own costume. $15 from cuz we brought our own costume. $15 from cuz we brought our own costume. $15 from Amazon. Thank you very much. It was Amazon. Thank you very much. It was Amazon. Thank you very much. It was $69.99. They have the swashbuckle 119, $69.99. They have the swashbuckle 119, $69.99. They have the swashbuckle 119, the makeup, a pirate vest and waist the makeup, a pirate vest and waist the makeup, a pirate vest and waist belt, shoulder parrot, bandana, eye belt, shoulder parrot, bandana, eye belt, shoulder parrot, bandana, eye patch, and earring sword. And then they patch, and earring sword. And then they patch, and earring sword. And then they also have the pirate costume full also have the pirate costume full also have the pirate costume full costume, costume, costume, the treasure cinch bag, a coin necklace, the treasure cinch bag, a coin necklace, the treasure cinch bag, a coin necklace, telescope, makeup application, shoulder telescope, makeup application, shoulder telescope, makeup application, shoulder parrot, bandana, eye patch, and sword parrot, bandana, eye patch, and sword parrot, bandana, eye patch, and sword for $229. So you got some of these for $229. So you got some of these for $229. So you got some of these costumes there. This is the one for 119. Happy birthday. I need to shave some nervous gave me all your treasures. I need you to raise I need you to raise I need you to raise your best friend. &gt;&gt; That's a good spot for a sword. Y &gt;&gt; almost finished. &gt;&gt; You want to go say hi and watch mommy or &gt;&gt; You want to go say hi and watch mommy or &gt;&gt; You want to go say hi and watch mommy or watch? Watch Lucy. watch? Watch Lucy. watch? Watch Lucy. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; There's a kid over there that I know. &gt;&gt; There's a kid over there that I know. &gt;&gt; There's a kid over there that I know. &gt;&gt; Lucy, &gt;&gt; Lucy, &gt;&gt; Lucy, &gt;&gt; 10,000 10,0001 10,000 113 and three. &gt;&gt; 10,000 10,0001 10,000 113 and three. &gt;&gt; 10,000 10,0001 10,000 113 and three. &gt;&gt; Wa. You like it? Now, I have some cool &gt;&gt; Wa. You like it? Now, I have some cool &gt;&gt; Wa. You like it? Now, I have some cool accessories here for you. So, tell me, accessories here for you. So, tell me, accessories here for you. So, tell me, would you like to be the coolest pirate would you like to be the coolest pirate would you like to be the coolest pirate of the seven Z's? of the seven Z's? of the seven Z's? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Do you want to use your bandana on your &gt;&gt; Do you want to use your bandana on your &gt;&gt; Do you want to use your bandana on your head or do you want to use the new ones? &gt;&gt; Okay. So, we're going to remove this &gt;&gt; Okay. So, we're going to remove this &gt;&gt; Okay. So, we're going to remove this one. We're going to take your eye patch. one. We're going to take your eye patch. one. We're going to take your eye patch. You get a new eye patch as well. Wo! You get a new eye patch as well. Wo! You get a new eye patch as well. Wo! &gt;&gt; Isn't that amazing? A backpack. &gt;&gt; Isn't that amazing? A backpack. &gt;&gt; Isn't that amazing? A backpack. &gt;&gt; Remember, you're a hog zombie, okay? And &gt;&gt; Remember, you're a hog zombie, okay? And &gt;&gt; Remember, you're a hog zombie, okay? And I don't want you to lose your red eyes. I don't want you to lose your red eyes. I don't want you to lose your red eyes. So I'm going to put it on before you. &gt;&gt; Nice. And I'm going to give you this &gt;&gt; Nice. And I'm going to give you this &gt;&gt; Nice. And I'm going to give you this earring. Okay. Now, and you're going to earring. Okay. Now, and you're going to earring. Okay. Now, and you're going to repeat after me. You're going to say, "I repeat after me. You're going to say, "I repeat after me. You're going to say, "I &gt;&gt; Angel bad bones." &gt;&gt; Angel bad bones." &gt;&gt; Angel bad bones." &gt;&gt; Angel. &gt;&gt; Angel. &gt;&gt; Angel. &gt;&gt; Do you know what you agreed to? &gt;&gt; Do you know what you agreed to? &gt;&gt; Do you know what you agreed to? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; All of your treasure comes to me. Yeah. &gt;&gt; All of your treasure comes to me. Yeah. &gt;&gt; All of your treasure comes to me. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. &gt;&gt; This is your sword. And here is your &gt;&gt; This is your sword. And here is your &gt;&gt; This is your sword. And here is your birth certificate signed by Captain Jack birth certificate signed by Captain Jack birth certificate signed by Captain Jack himself. And Pyrie, do you want to know himself. And Pyrie, do you want to know himself. And Pyrie, do you want to know something? something? something? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Are you sure? &gt;&gt; Are you sure? &gt;&gt; Are you sure? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Pirate, have yourself a terrible &gt;&gt; Okay. Pirate, have yourself a terrible &gt;&gt; Okay. Pirate, have yourself a terrible night. night. night. &gt;&gt; Have fun. Thank you so much. Have some &gt;&gt; Have fun. Thank you so much. Have some &gt;&gt; Have fun. Thank you so much. Have some photos over there. Okay. But that's going to do it for us for the But that's going to do it for us for the But that's going to do it for us for the Pirates League here on the Disney Cruise Pirates League here on the Disney Cruise Pirates League here on the Disney Cruise Line. This is a really fun thing that Line. This is a really fun thing that Line. This is a really fun thing that you can do on pirate night. The girls you can do on pirate night. The girls you can do on pirate night. The girls are so excited to have their makeup are so excited to have their makeup are so excited to have their makeup done. And they do, like I mentioned, done. And they do, like I mentioned, done. And they do, like I mentioned, have the three different levels. So have the three different levels. So have the three different levels. So hopefully this helps you know whether hopefully this helps you know whether hopefully this helps you know whether you want to maybe snag something like you want to maybe snag something like you want to maybe snag something like this for you and your own family. You this for you and your own family. You this for you and your own family. You can do this as an adult, you can do it can do this as an adult, you can do it can do this as an adult, you can do it as a kid. Um, as long as you are three as a kid. Um, as long as you are three as a kid. Um, as long as you are three plus, you're good to go for the plus, you're good to go for the plus, you're good to go for the reservation. But I hope it helped kind reservation. But I hope it helped kind reservation. But I hope it helped kind of give you a little idea of what to of give you a little idea of what to of give you a little idea of what to expect if you want to keep this expect if you want to keep this expect if you want to keep this reservation if you have it if you want reservation if you have it if you want reservation if you have it if you want to grab it when you can get it. But to grab it when you can get it. But to grab it when you can get it. But thank you again for following along. If thank you again for following along. If thank you again for following along. If you enjoyed the video, don't forget to you enjoyed the video, don't forget to you enjoyed the video, don't forget to click that thumbs up button that red click that thumbs up button that red click that thumbs up button that red subscribe button and I will see you in subscribe button and I will see you in subscribe button and I will see you in the next one. Hi guys.
