---
video_id: qk6SbJUXVhI
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "2025 🎄 Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party | Party Exclusive Fun!"
published: 2025-11-13
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qk6SbJUXVhI
---
Hello you guys and welcome to Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party and we are so excited to be here. So let's go ahead and get checked in, get our wristbands, and go have a very merry time. With Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party, it is a separately ticketed event. And with your ticket, you can enter as early as 400 p.m. But for us, we are kind of coming in a little later. The party officially starts at 700 p.m. So, we decided to take a break, relax, do a little bit of resting and napping back in the room before we headed out. And we're going to check in. And it's almost 6:00. This side of the regular mission this side right here. So, day guests are officially ending at 6:00. So, they've got about 10 minutes, but they are directing everyone over here. And the nice part about coming later is you don't have that big rush. Let's go check in. Got your band. I love it. Oh. Oh, okay. All right. Thank you so much. Have fun tonight. And don't forget your wristbands. Okay. Oh, yes. Absolutely. All right. Don't pull it tight, though. Don't pull it. If you pull it too tight, then it'll be overly tight. Thank you. Okay, just a second. Thank you so much. Very merry Christmas party. Once you enter, they are going to direct you to the right side. This is a special entrance where they usually give away the free ornament typically is what they are handing out for you. So, if you are going to want your free gift, definitely go this way. But if you're like us and you need a peppermint mocha drink afterwards to kind of caffeinate for the night, you can double back when you get to the end of this. It's going to take you out right between the plaza restaurant as well as the bathrooms there for Tomorrowland Terrace restaurant. Jingle bell for you. Thank you so much. You too. Now down this little alleyway. Well, they are giving out your free treats and things. See what we got here? Merry Christmas. Thank you. Come on. A little peppermint marshmallow. Cute. All right. In this way though, you are going to have some special character meet and treat. So, we've got the gingerbreads over here. Up to the left. You've got the angel, which honestly right now the wait times are not bad considering this was a soldout party. These this line is really small. Now the ging bag is a little bit longer probably going to be maybe a 20 30 minute wait. I would say for the angels they are going to be probably about 10 minute wait. All right. So we are hanging a left here at Plaza cuz we want to go caffeinate. That is one of the best things to do is both caffeinate and eat and grab maybe some dinner before the party officially starts. That way you are ready to go and you don't have any hangry monsters getting in the way of you enjoying the party specifically. There is definitely a line for Starbucks. People are running to get a warm beverage cuz it is currently 56 outside but it feels like 46 with the windchill. All right. So, there's six cookie stations. So, telling you, look, six different cookie spots. That's a lot of cookies. That is a lot of cookies. That looks yummy. We should get one. Got to get that picture. You're not on the Holly jelly. Say sugar cookie latte. How lovely you are. Thank you. Oh my goodness. Mommy, you're amazing. I I said vent, but I think you misunderstood. So, you got a grande. I owe you a coffee. You owe me. Be careful. All right, there's a show going on. Let's go see if we can catch some. Sounds good to me. This tastes like a cookie. It's just melted inside the cup. It's delicious. Oh my gosh. Not balloon. So cool. It's lighting up. Oh, just a quick heads up for those that might be new to the party, these photo spots are up all day long, even during regular park hours. And there's also photographers there then. So to save yourself time when you're coming to the Christmas party, don't do that. Visit that one during the day if you're coming another time to Magic Kingdom. You want to do that? It was awesome. The child that didn't want to do Monster Think Show the other day is now like, "Let's go do Mike Wisowski. That was awesome." Can I get a refill for this in one of the red truck popcorn buckets? Thank you so much. We're getting this one. Back up. Back up. Back up. Look at this. Oh, look at this. It's got a hinge. That's so cool. It does not. Hold it together. Give it to Lucy. And if you need to know, the front opens, too. Lucy saw a hinge. And so you squeeze No, they're happily sharing. Popcorn bucket acquired. Also, if you're coming and you want the party exclusive popcorn bucket, this one as well as the one um over by the Liberty Bell, there's some of the out of the way popcorn stations, not just the ones by the castle, also have this. So, it was a lot shorter line to come here than it was by the castle. And also, you do have to show your wristband, so be ready for that. And right now, because it's after 6 to get on any attraction, you do have to show your wristband. Ready? Big jump. Woo! I got you. Just stop. What does delay mean? The castle. There you can. It's going to be on soon. They've got the rest of them coming on. Feel like Tron should have a Christmas overlay, too. That would be so cool. Yeah. Red. Wow, look at all the lights and the wreaths. So pretty. So, there are five attractions that have Christmas overlays here at the Magic Kingdom, but four of them are party exclusives. One being Monsters Inc., Space Mountain is another, Tomorrowland Speedway is the third, and Teacups is the fourth. So, they're all in this little radius. So, we're hoping to knock out the four of those really quickly, and then we'll see what else kind of party stuff we can get into. house break here ringing me singing when I hear the ring under the tree good dancing. I like it. over here. We got up here. All right, everybody. All right, Space Mountain time says 35minut wait and it is 7:04. So let's give it a shot. This adventure expectation. Yeah, boy. Yeah. Yeah. What a beautiful ride. All right. 7:35 headed to find the f those awesome. This is what happens when Dean leaves us alone. The girls talked me in to face paint. So, they have some special ones for Christmas. They range anywhere from $28, which this is the one the girls are getting. Holly Magic to $30. So, they've got Christmas ghost for the rain sparkle. It's it's $30. So, got a few different ones, but yep, we're getting face paint. Dude, look at all that gold. Oo, pretty. Gold. Yeah. Me, too. You have some red sparkles. Yeah, me too. That was so much fun. And here is a quick check-in of the wait times at 7:19 just after the party started. After a minor derailment, after a bathroom break for face paint. Now we're going to go ride Speedway. My face paint. It's so pretty. I love it. Now to ride Speedway. Giving them hot chocolate at the very first of the party is wild time. But we've got energy. So hopefully we just don't have the crash at the end. All right, hop on in. Thank you. All right, are you ready? Are you ready? Yeah. Let's do this. Hey, we're going to go get on number one. Where you stop? Where your stop? What? Where your stop? What? Stop. Oh, my stop. Yeah. Race track. Okay. Turn. You go in first. You ready? Yeah. Woohoo. We get to go drive around and look at Christmas lights together. It's going to be so fun. Look at him. So pretty. Oh my goodness. Okay, I'm not driving a car. I did not get into one of these self-driving cars. I don't know how I feel about those yet. Okay. And don't for I'm a little bit of a traditionalist. That scares me. We're almost catching up to Daddy and Susie. We're getting on him. Excuse me, ma'am. You look a little young to be driving. Oh, mommy's catching up. Whoa. Hey, slowpoke. Don't stay. Let's go. Yeah. We're almost to the place. The driver behind us trying to hit us. Road rage. All right, let's not have road rage in the habit. The most magical place on earth or have snow. Obvious magical. We'll get it right in a minute. No road rage. No road rage at Magic Kingdom. That's not good. We're almost to the race. Thank you, driver. She's She's going to safely get me to the racetrack. Oh my goodness. Somehow some way she got us back safe. Let's go. All right. No. Are you sure? It is 8:00. We have knocked out two of the party exclusive attractions as well as hit up one of the two dance parties that we wanted to. So, we're going to keep it moving. I want to grab some cookies really quick. We want to do Monsters Inc. and we'll see what else we can get into. We're trying to hold off on meeting some of the characters until the very first parade, which is at 8:30. So, I'm hoping between the tree lighting or the castle lighting at 8:15 with Anna and Elsa. And then also with the parade, first parade being at 8:30, we will be able to go and sneak into some of the character meet and greets with a little bit less lights maybe. Hopefully, fingers crossed. Oh my word. This is the Cosmic Grace cookie line. It's wrapped all the way outside and all the way to teacups. I'm not sure I have seen a line for cookies that long. That is wild. Usually, we just walk in even on sold out nights for these parties. Like, I guess it's just early. I don't know. Maybe we'll have to hit them late. The lunch pad cookie spot with the red velvet cookies are a lot less busy. So, we have red velvet cookies here as well as cider. I will say this one has multiple lines. We just noticed that, but we're already kind of in this one. We're not too far away. But there's multiple ones all the way around this. So, look for the shortest lines. They're even close to the Astro Orbiter, there's a line. Thank you so much. We got our cookies. All right, let's go. Cookies in hand and we are heading in to the bathroom. Velvet cake cookie. Ooh. All right. Ready? A little chilly, huh? You want to try the cookie? What do you think? You want me to open yours? Okay. You like it? You got to eat it fast though. Okay. Is that good? Red velvet cake. Yum. Oh, I just wanted the cookie. Oh, I didn't cook. I'll trade you. I was going to trade you. The apple cider was good. It's basically just It just tastes like apple juice with uh cinnamon in it. And it was delicious. It was cold. I don't know if it's supposed to be cold. It's delicious, though. Go the last row. Go all the way across. All the way across. Thank you. people. It's the most wonderful time of the year. You got horns or tentacles or fur, you're celebrating with the ones you love. And we got to tell you, we love our holiday host. You guys know him. He's round and green with one eye. Shout out his name. Wasowi. If you love that Mike Wazowski, yell Mike. Mike. That concludes our mic check. Look, we got some jingle locks. Back here is an expert in the holiday traditions of the human world. What? I know the human traditions that the humans celebrate for their traditional human holidays. Okay. Um, test you. Let's talk to a human and find out where they live and what they celebrate. It could be anyone. Okay, hold on. Anyone except for that guy. He's a crispy cookie crew. He's busy. He loves cookies. You know what else he does? He sees you when you're sleeping. He knows when you're awake. He's watching. He's always watching. Here we are. Smile. We are beautiful. Now I say bye. Bye Judy. 2 minutes. Bye. Bye. Thank with us Judy house. That was more fun than it should be. Wow, that was fun. I love the dance parties. They're so cute. It was a good time. Bella's like, "I'm ready to get back to do some popcorn." She said, "Give me that popcorn, Mom." And I was like, "Lucy, please dance with me." And she's like, "Nah, I'm good." I said, "I'll pick you up." And she goes, "Yeah." Yeah. She was the one wanting to run to the front of the stage. We'll get over there. I'm going to stay in here. It's like, you can't be a statue on the dance floor, girl. You got to move it. I'm a I'm a stage wallflower. Lost the bottle of water somehow. Lost the bottle of water. She said, "Watch out." I'm a mama on a mission. No running at Disney. I know. I'm speeding. I'm walking with purpose. Okay. Yeah, baby. Mommy's taking you to meet Stitch. Right. It is 8:52. I can hear the parade, the first parade coming through in front of the castle. Here's an update on weight times. Carousel zero, Orbiter, Barntormer, Dumbo, Small World, Teacup, Magic Carpet, Pirates, Tiana's, People Mover, Under the Sea, Little Mermaid are all five minutes. 10 minutes for Monsters Inc. Speedway Walk on for Haunted Mansion, 15 for Pooh, 25 for Jingle Cruise. Peter Pan is also 25. Mine Train is 25. Space Mountain's 25. Meeting Royal Couples at Fairy Tahal is 30. We've got 35 minutes for Shawn. Friends from Frozen's 40. 45 for Mickey and Minnie. Jack and Sally are at 45 minutes. And Disney Pals are at 55 back at Pete's silly side show. So, usually that was Minnie and Donald, Daisy, and Scrooge. This year it is Donald, Daisy, and Scrooge. And Minnie is actually with Mickey this year, which I'm honestly really excited about. I love the two of them together. So, that is very exciting. But they keep teeter tottering. At one point, they were 25 minutes when we were getting out of Monsters, Inc., but now they've quickly jumped. So, we'll see. There you go. He's ready. so cool. It's empty. They ate all of it. Can you believe it? They ate all the Hi. Bye. Jump it so we can keep going. All right. I'm so glad we found Stitch. Ooh. Cosmic Rays cookie stop. I'm down. I guess we might as well do that cuz that's the last thing over in this area and then we can just Do you want to go to the Disney Junior dance party while we get cookies? Yeah. Yeah. I see Vampirina and Fancy Nancy. Cookie hot chocolate right up there. Thank you. It is for you. You want a cookie, Lucy? All right. All right. Keep on looking. Buttercream frosted chocolate chip cookie with M&M's. Let's go. Lucy's like, I don't need a cookie. I do want a hot chocolate, though. So hot. Is it good? I did, too. Yeah, I got one. Dad, you give it a shot. How's the cookie? Hot chocolate. your hot chocolate. Sorry, I tried to treat you like a felt that a waiter or waitress like as soon as you put a bite of food in your mouth. How is it? Everything okay here? My taste is supposed to even told my brain if you like it yet. This is good. I like this one. Can I steal my dance party? I'm reheating my reheating my peppermint mocha with the hot chocolate kind of. It was very hot. Perfect. I can keep partying. Hot chocolate's yummy, too. It is. Yeah. It's a walk on right now. Literally, it's literally a walk. All right. Come on. You too. Sweet. Woohoo. There he goes. There he comes. There's the mouse. Oh yeah. SP even you with that age right now. I'm like I'll just let you guys look down. I'm okay. I think I just can't look up. I can't look down. Really? Yeah. Looking up makes it easy for me. Looking down makes Are you going to go with daddy? Okay. Go with daddy. Bella says we're in Barntormer World right now. I see the giant candy cane. That means cookie, I think. All right, they got holiday punch and snowman pretzels. Oo. That's yummy. They said holiday punch. I didn't see any punch. I saw pretzels. I was kind of looking forward to some cranberry juice. It was at the exit. I like that. Bella wanted to try it, too. That's very good. Oh, she don't like that. You want to try the pretzel? Ashley's in line to me leaning through right now. Whoa. Jump rope. And we did it. All right. I know that was really cool, but this is so much cooler with a third jump rope. So, I need a brave volunteer. I think we're at the table now. You ready? Magic. Are you ready to see something really cool? Woo! Here we go. Ready, set. Ready, set, go. All right, let's get really complicated. There we go. Our favorite trick. Wa! Run, run, run. We made it. All right, Nile remix down. I know why I do a workout. I got distracted by jump ropes. I love jump ropes. Jump ropes are amazing. So, yeah. Right up my alley. That was awesome. All right. Now, off to find Ashy cuz that last place wasn't a cookie. It was a pretzel and it was delicious. Uh 50 minutes. They're going to go take a honey break and then they're going to come right back. Okay. Didn't get right on and piglet and orange just the fireworks. Had to go take a honey break. I see Tiger. It's Tigger. Woo. Yeah. Want to go see Tiger? Say hi. And Piglet. A Bye. Bye, guys. Thank you. Stroller. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Those fireworks were beautiful. They were beautiful. Cookie stop number three. All right. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. Girls, you want some cookies? I want some cookies. A chocolate chip cookie. Oh, I'll take her then. Well, thank you so much. Thank you. All right, we'll get it in just a minute. This is eggnog. Eggnog. You know what? I'll try it. I've never had eggnog. Eggnog. You want to try? I'll try hers, too. Thank you. Thank you. Eggnog, buddy. Thank you. All right, Lucy. Bye. Trying the Thank you. You like the nog? Oh, okay. Let me try. She said e. Bye. Thank you. All right. So, Ash, have you ever had eggnog? No. Yeah, me either. I don't know that I want to start tonight. It never sounds good. No. Like no. I don't know about that. Egg in a drink. I don't know. But I'm going to try it. Hey, that tastes really good. I like that. My mind is like, don't drink it. That sounds awful. Eggnog. But my taste buds are like, hey, that's pretty good. It's like sushi the first time you have it. And you're just like, oh man, this this fish ain't cooked. M chocolate chip cookie. Here we go. That's a chocolate chip cookie. I probably the least good one so far. That's sad. You want to try it? It's like a classic. Yeah, it's okay. Not right. Yeah. All right. This is a really short line for Snow White. I wonder if Snow White's doing autographs. I don't know. It is her and her prince. 10:21. So, just after the fireworks, another weight check in the carousel zero minutes. Astro Orbiter, Barntormer, Dumbo, Small World, Teacups, Magic Carpet, Who Pirates, Tiana's, People Mover, Little Mermaid are all five minutes. Let's see. Monsters Inc., Space Mountain, Tomorrowland are all 10. Haunted Mansion is 13, which means it is a haunted long gone. 20 minutes for mine train, which is honestly insane, even for a party. Jingle Cruise is 25 minutes. Peter Pan's flight's 25. Meeting Royal Couples at Fairy Tale Hall is 30 minutes. And we're in line for Snow White right now, and it's definitely not 30 minutes, but maybe maybe at Fairy Tale Hall it is. They've got the couples kind of spread out a little more this year. For the Frozen Friends, it says it's 40 minutes. For Pete Silly Silly Sideshow, that's like a mouthful. Time twister. 55 minutes. Jack and Sally are back up to 65 minutes. And Mickey and Minnie are at an all-time high of 70 minutes. Not quite the highest we've seen on tonight. It was up at 125, so over 2 hours, but not too shabby. Close is Tron. But we just saw the fireworks. So, I'm having a feeling this is why Mickey and Minnie's wait time is a little elevated right now cuz the fireworks are over. The first parade has happened. So, I'm hoping though that means some of these wait times will drop even more. But, we'll say thank you. Do you have a pen? I noticed these wonderful bows on your head. Oh, wonderful. Yes, you guys will. Yes, we do. Bill, this must be your ide. Of course, Grumpy didn't smile for his portrait, though. How's it going? Wow. So nice, isn't he? Was Sleepy asleep for the photo as well? So, he is asleep in the mine cart right now. Perhaps you're about ready for a nap or two. Well, maybe you need a blanket. One just as soft as my cape. Just soft. Oh, so cozy. Isn't that nice and cozy? Would you like to come cuddle, my friend? Thank you. Wonderful. Thank you. So nice. Say hello. Wonderful. Thank you for joining us, my friend. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Mary. Would you like a warm whiskey, too? Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye, my dear. Enjoy the rest of your visit. At least behind the castle. It seems like it is really starting to clear out after sec first parade and fireworks. We want to make it over to maybe Frontier Land area to watch the second parade and be able to squeeze that one in there without having to stake out a spot. Usually for Main Street in front of the castle, you've got to be there 45 minutes to an hour, even with the second parade. So, we'll see. I would love to be on Main Street. It's my favorite with the snow. But I also want to try to squeeze in as much as we can during our party time. So, we'll see how that goes. 25 minutes for Peter Pan is absolutely wild. It's that time of night. It's almost time for the second parade. It is 10:40. So, we're doing our tactical PJs cuz Bella is almost falling asleep. She took a nap, but she's still very tired already. So, she's going to go ahead and probably fall asleep pretty soon. We are in our tactical jammies. We got our jammies on. So, we are set, which makes the transition later a whole lot easier. It was again fantastic for Jollywood night. So, we're just repeating what works. Copy paste. If it works, it works. So, we're not arguing with what works, but we're hoping we've got two more spots to grab cookies from. Tortuga Tavern and Sunshine Terrace. So, I'm hoping to grab those two and then grab a spot to watch the parade. We'll see where we can get. The crowd's not bad, so we might get Main Street possibly, but we'll see. I will say each of the cookie stops has an entrance and an exit. So you want to look for that. So the entrance is over under the frontier lands. Hi. Merry Christmas. It just kind of weaves around through here up to the former quick service location. Merry Christmas. Appreciate it. Thank you. Oh, no. It's so yummy. It is a hot cocoa cookie. Heck yes. More hot chocolate. Probably not. Never mind. She will wake up for hot chocolate. Is it super tasty? Oh, you want We've made it to the final cookie stop and that is the Sunshine Tree Terrace. I am so curious to see I see an orange drink of sorts. Oo. So, let's go see what they got. Hi there. Hi. Thank you so much. You, too. All right. Buttercream frosted gingerbread cookie. All right, it is 10:57. There are a lot of people, and I say a lot, but quite a few, that are booking it over to Main Street. I want my We didn't get the quintessential spot in front of the castle for the fireworks, but I kind of want it for the parade. I'm I was trying to let go of it for tactical reasons, but I I don't think I can, you guys. So, let's see if we can find a spot. Woo! You got to stand behind the yellow line, baby girl. Thank you. I like that. Very nice. We did end up with a pretty good spot here at the walkway right as you enter under the train station. So, we're right here at the tree. So, the parade is going to come right at us. We just have to stay behind this yellow line for now. But, we got a pretty good spot in town square. I will happily take this. I love this area so much. So this this feels like Christmas party. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. It's just a fairy tale living Here, I'll cut it. Why crayons? Wow. I am saying I know. We made it in line for Mickey and Minnie. They're saying it's over an hour. Oh, you are a lollipop professional. I got bigger. Oh, no. No. It's a good thing we have a backup. Yep. Not too shabby. 12:18 almost to the door. One has been revived by a lollipop. Woo! The other one is almost toast. Um, mom said I can have a glow stick. Oh, I just said you could have a glow stick. There you go. Whoa. You got a purple one. How many? I'll take you guys right this way, please. Okay. Merry Christmas. Say hi. Come in. want to get in. Yes, please. Hi. She's been so excited to meet Minnie. Huh? You look good right over here, my little one. Lovely. Don't forget your dog. Awesome. Bye, Minnie. Bye-bye. Have a lovely Merry Christmas party. Byebye. Bye. Have a great trip. Merry Christmas. Thank you. Merry Christmas. That's pretty. One last little bit of party fun. Checking out the Emporium at 12:30 cuz why not? for your room. Yeah, I want this one for my room. For your room? Yes. My room? Yeah. We found the ornament. All right. You want to sit down for our hotel? For our hotel. All right, you guys. As the song says, happy holidays. We have officially shut down the park. I think we're the last guest leaving literally out of this area of the park. So, we have done it yet again. It is 12:58. But this has been a great party. Thank you guys for following along. If you haven't already, don't forget to click that thumbs up button, the red subscribe button if you are new. And now that you are part of our honorary end of the video club, you've got to leave us some Christmas emojis. And I want to know what your very favorite part of the Christmas party is. Whether it's the short lines, the character meet and greets, the parade, the fireworks, whatever it is for you, would love to hear all about it down in the comment section. But we're going to go catch a bus cuz it's late. Heat. Heat. Love Christmas. my mind. Wow.
