---
video_id: 0v77FFC5Aqk
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "ULTIMATE Disney Cruise Prep and Pack With Me!"
published: 2025-12-14
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0v77FFC5Aqk
---
future me a favor and I am ready for future me a favor and I am ready for future me a favor and I am ready for cruise mode. Let's go. Play the horn, cruise mode. Let's go. Play the horn, cruise mode. Let's go. Play the horn, Mickey. We're going. I have our very, Mickey. We're going. I have our very, Mickey. We're going. I have our very, very important pouch here. And we lucked very important pouch here. And we lucked very important pouch here. And we lucked out and got amazing, amazing out and got amazing, amazing out and got amazing, amazing stateaterooms and we saved money all at stateaterooms and we saved money all at stateaterooms and we saved money all at the same time. So, it was like, yes, the same time. So, it was like, yes, the same time. So, it was like, yes, that now that is true magic right there. that now that is true magic right there. that now that is true magic right there. That it also has the practicality That it also has the practicality That it also has the practicality purpose of you've intentionally picked purpose of you've intentionally picked purpose of you've intentionally picked out everything so you're not overwhelmed out everything so you're not overwhelmed out everything so you're not overwhelmed with a bunch of extra stuff in your with a bunch of extra stuff in your with a bunch of extra stuff in your stateateroom. technically an over the-do stateateroom. technically an over the-do stateateroom. technically an over the-do organizer, which yes, is an illegal organizer, which yes, is an illegal organizer, which yes, is an illegal item. We're getting ready for our item. We're getting ready for our item. We're getting ready for our family's fifth Disney cruise. So, let's family's fifth Disney cruise. So, let's family's fifth Disney cruise. So, let's get everything prepped, organized, and get everything prepped, organized, and get everything prepped, organized, and packed, so we are ready to set sail. packed, so we are ready to set sail. packed, so we are ready to set sail. Welcome to the ultimate Disney cruise Welcome to the ultimate Disney cruise Welcome to the ultimate Disney cruise prep and pack with me video. We're prep and pack with me video. We're prep and pack with me video. We're getting ready for our next sailing getting ready for our next sailing getting ready for our next sailing aboard the Disney Wish. This is our aboard the Disney Wish. This is our aboard the Disney Wish. This is our second time sailing on the Wish, and second time sailing on the Wish, and second time sailing on the Wish, and we're going to be doing a three-ight we're going to be doing a three-ight we're going to be doing a three-ight sailing. So, we'll have a stop at sailing. So, we'll have a stop at sailing. So, we'll have a stop at Nassau, and then we also have a stop at Nassau, and then we also have a stop at Nassau, and then we also have a stop at Disney's Castaway Key. So, we're doing a Disney's Castaway Key. So, we're doing a Disney's Castaway Key. So, we're doing a couple things there. It is a very merry couple things there. It is a very merry couple things there. It is a very merry cruise. So, a little bit of Christmas cruise. So, a little bit of Christmas cruise. So, a little bit of Christmas stuff sprinkled in here, but loads of stuff sprinkled in here, but loads of stuff sprinkled in here, but loads of tips for prepping and packing for this tips for prepping and packing for this tips for prepping and packing for this type of year, as well as Disney cruise type of year, as well as Disney cruise type of year, as well as Disney cruise tips just in general. So, if you've got tips just in general. So, if you've got tips just in general. So, if you've got a cruise on your wish list or you have a cruise on your wish list or you have a cruise on your wish list or you have it on the books, then this video is it on the books, then this video is it on the books, then this video is going to get you ready. And while Disney going to get you ready. And while Disney going to get you ready. And while Disney cruises are fun, magical, and exciting, cruises are fun, magical, and exciting, cruises are fun, magical, and exciting, they can also be a lot. So, let's go they can also be a lot. So, let's go they can also be a lot. So, let's go ahead and get you and your suitcase ahead and get you and your suitcase ahead and get you and your suitcase ready. That way, you can be in cruise ready. That way, you can be in cruise ready. That way, you can be in cruise mode instead of over simulation town. mode instead of over simulation town. mode instead of over simulation town. But since we're going to be hanging out But since we're going to be hanging out But since we're going to be hanging out for a few minutes and before we get into for a few minutes and before we get into for a few minutes and before we get into all the packing goodies, I did want to all the packing goodies, I did want to all the packing goodies, I did want to just quickly introduce myself. Hi, my just quickly introduce myself. Hi, my just quickly introduce myself. Hi, my name is Ashley and here on my channel, name is Ashley and here on my channel, name is Ashley and here on my channel, Pixie Dusted Mom, I'm all about sharing Pixie Dusted Mom, I'm all about sharing Pixie Dusted Mom, I'm all about sharing tips, tricks, and hacks for helping you tips, tricks, and hacks for helping you tips, tricks, and hacks for helping you plan the best Disney vacation possible. plan the best Disney vacation possible. plan the best Disney vacation possible. My family and I live in Tennessee, but My family and I live in Tennessee, but My family and I live in Tennessee, but we are Disney World annual passholders we are Disney World annual passholders we are Disney World annual passholders travel there multiple times a year, and travel there multiple times a year, and travel there multiple times a year, and we also love ourselves some Disney we also love ourselves some Disney we also love ourselves some Disney cruises. So, this is, like I mentioned, cruises. So, this is, like I mentioned, cruises. So, this is, like I mentioned, our fifth one. So, if you are planning a our fifth one. So, if you are planning a our fifth one. So, if you are planning a Disney trip of any sort like that, then Disney trip of any sort like that, then Disney trip of any sort like that, then you definitely are going to want to join you definitely are going to want to join you definitely are going to want to join our little internet fam here. You can our little internet fam here. You can our little internet fam here. You can click the red subscribe button or scan click the red subscribe button or scan click the red subscribe button or scan the QR code. If you're watching on the the QR code. If you're watching on the the QR code. If you're watching on the TV, you can pull out your phone and scan TV, you can pull out your phone and scan TV, you can pull out your phone and scan that using technology and whatnot today. that using technology and whatnot today. that using technology and whatnot today. So, we're incorporating the QR code, but So, we're incorporating the QR code, but So, we're incorporating the QR code, but you can join our internet fam. Would you can join our internet fam. Would you can join our internet fam. Would absolutely love to have you and come absolutely love to have you and come absolutely love to have you and come along for our adventures and get you along for our adventures and get you along for our adventures and get you ready and prepped and share all the tips ready and prepped and share all the tips ready and prepped and share all the tips and tricks. That way you can learn your and tricks. That way you can learn your and tricks. That way you can learn your own mistakes and learn from ours cuz own mistakes and learn from ours cuz own mistakes and learn from ours cuz we've made some and we still make some. we've made some and we still make some. we've made some and we still make some. So I want to share those with you so So I want to share those with you so So I want to share those with you so that you can have the best vacation that you can have the best vacation that you can have the best vacation possible. But with that being said, possible. But with that being said, possible. But with that being said, we're going to jump in to all of the we're going to jump in to all of the we're going to jump in to all of the cruise things. So let's go. Today we're cruise things. So let's go. Today we're cruise things. So let's go. Today we're not only going to be prepping and not only going to be prepping and not only going to be prepping and packing for our cruise portion, but packing for our cruise portion, but packing for our cruise portion, but since we're sailing out of Port since we're sailing out of Port since we're sailing out of Port Canaveral, we're going to have a kind of Canaveral, we're going to have a kind of Canaveral, we're going to have a kind of bookend with one night at Disney on bookend with one night at Disney on bookend with one night at Disney on either end. We're going to fly down on either end. We're going to fly down on either end. We're going to fly down on Thursday and we're going to spend the Thursday and we're going to spend the Thursday and we're going to spend the night at Disney's Coronado Springs night at Disney's Coronado Springs night at Disney's Coronado Springs Resort. And then the next day, we're Resort. And then the next day, we're Resort. And then the next day, we're going to transfer and it's going to be going to transfer and it's going to be going to transfer and it's going to be our ember vaccation day. We're going to our ember vaccation day. We're going to our ember vaccation day. We're going to go to the cruise. We're going to go to go to the cruise. We're going to go to go to the cruise. We're going to go to Port Canaveral, get on the Wish, and Port Canaveral, get on the Wish, and Port Canaveral, get on the Wish, and then spend three nights on the Wish. then spend three nights on the Wish. then spend three nights on the Wish. After we disembark the Wish on Monday After we disembark the Wish on Monday After we disembark the Wish on Monday morning, we're going to go to Disney's morning, we're going to go to Disney's morning, we're going to go to Disney's Art of Animation, and we're going to Art of Animation, and we're going to Art of Animation, and we're going to spend one night there. And then on spend one night there. And then on spend one night there. And then on Tuesday evening, we're going to fly Tuesday evening, we're going to fly Tuesday evening, we're going to fly home. So, with being at Port Canaveral, home. So, with being at Port Canaveral, home. So, with being at Port Canaveral, we love tagging in some Disney time. we love tagging in some Disney time. we love tagging in some Disney time. We've also done the whole airport stay. We've also done the whole airport stay. We've also done the whole airport stay. I don't know. Anytime I can stay at I don't know. Anytime I can stay at I don't know. Anytime I can stay at Disney World, I'm just like, let's let's Disney World, I'm just like, let's let's Disney World, I'm just like, let's let's go. And also, it can a lot of times be go. And also, it can a lot of times be go. And also, it can a lot of times be cheaper to stay at Disney World versus cheaper to stay at Disney World versus cheaper to stay at Disney World versus like staying in the airport. So, we've like staying in the airport. So, we've like staying in the airport. So, we've done both. We've experienced both, but I done both. We've experienced both, but I done both. We've experienced both, but I don't know. Starting it at Disney is don't know. Starting it at Disney is don't know. Starting it at Disney is just like extra special. I don't know just like extra special. I don't know just like extra special. I don't know that we're going to do any part time cuz that we're going to do any part time cuz that we're going to do any part time cuz we do have my parents going with us. It we do have my parents going with us. It we do have my parents going with us. It is going to be their 44th wedding is going to be their 44th wedding is going to be their 44th wedding anniversary the day we get on the anniversary the day we get on the anniversary the day we get on the cruise. So, they're getting to come cruise. So, they're getting to come cruise. So, they're getting to come along with us and we're so excited. along with us and we're so excited. along with us and we're so excited. They've never been on a cruise before. They've never been on a cruise before. They've never been on a cruise before. So, this is going to be so much fun. So, this is going to be so much fun. So, this is going to be so much fun. They're like so excited. We're so They're like so excited. We're so They're like so excited. We're so excited. The girls have been like excited. The girls have been like excited. The girls have been like talking about this for months, ever talking about this for months, ever talking about this for months, ever since we booked it. So, a little since we booked it. So, a little since we booked it. So, a little backstory on the cruise. That way you backstory on the cruise. That way you backstory on the cruise. That way you can compare and if you're like, "We're can compare and if you're like, "We're can compare and if you're like, "We're planning a cruise. What's yours looking planning a cruise. What's yours looking planning a cruise. What's yours looking like?" And that way you can kind of see like?" And that way you can kind of see like?" And that way you can kind of see like, "Okay, this is what what you're like, "Okay, this is what what you're like, "Okay, this is what what you're doing. I'm doing this." And like can doing. I'm doing this." And like can doing. I'm doing this." And like can incorporate it into whatever cruise you incorporate it into whatever cruise you incorporate it into whatever cruise you have booked. But first, we're going to have booked. But first, we're going to have booked. But first, we're going to talk about what we're packing for travel talk about what we're packing for travel talk about what we're packing for travel day and then our imbarcation day cuz we day and then our imbarcation day cuz we day and then our imbarcation day cuz we got to get the the imbarcation day bag got to get the the imbarcation day bag got to get the the imbarcation day bag is very important. So, let's talk about is very important. So, let's talk about is very important. So, let's talk about all those things. This is going to be my all those things. This is going to be my all those things. This is going to be my husband's personal item. So, also we're husband's personal item. So, also we're husband's personal item. So, also we're doing four personal items, one's for doing four personal items, one's for doing four personal items, one's for each of us. I was about to show you the each of us. I was about to show you the each of us. I was about to show you the bag and talk through everything we're bag and talk through everything we're bag and talk through everything we're packing, but I'm realizing I also never packing, but I'm realizing I also never packing, but I'm realizing I also never told you how we're flying. So, for our told you how we're flying. So, for our told you how we're flying. So, for our family of four, we are flying Spirit. We family of four, we are flying Spirit. We family of four, we are flying Spirit. We have paid for two checked bags. We do have paid for two checked bags. We do have paid for two checked bags. We do the all cart situation. So, we've paid the all cart situation. So, we've paid the all cart situation. So, we've paid for two checked bags up to 50 and then for two checked bags up to 50 and then for two checked bags up to 50 and then we all have a personal item. So, I have we all have a personal item. So, I have we all have a personal item. So, I have four personal items to account for in four personal items to account for in four personal items to account for in this situation. So, that's how we're this situation. So, that's how we're this situation. So, that's how we're packing for our family of four. Myself, packing for our family of four. Myself, packing for our family of four. Myself, my husband, my four-year-old, and my my husband, my four-year-old, and my my husband, my four-year-old, and my six-year-old. That's the situation. Now, six-year-old. That's the situation. Now, six-year-old. That's the situation. Now, I can show you the bag and what we're I can show you the bag and what we're I can show you the bag and what we're putting in there. All right. So, putting in there. All right. So, putting in there. All right. So, obviously, everyone will fly down in obviously, everyone will fly down in obviously, everyone will fly down in clothing. You can't fly naked. That's clothing. You can't fly naked. That's clothing. You can't fly naked. That's just not really a thing. So, once we just not really a thing. So, once we just not really a thing. So, once we arrive, arrive, arrive, since it is 2025 at the moment, Disney since it is 2025 at the moment, Disney since it is 2025 at the moment, Disney is giving you a free water park stay or is giving you a free water park stay or is giving you a free water park stay or a free water park day. And it's supposed a free water park day. And it's supposed a free water park day. And it's supposed to be almost 80°. So, we're probably to be almost 80°. So, we're probably to be almost 80°. So, we're probably going to take advantage of said water going to take advantage of said water going to take advantage of said water park day. Obviously, I forgot to fold park day. Obviously, I forgot to fold park day. Obviously, I forgot to fold these and when I dramatically threw them these and when I dramatically threw them these and when I dramatically threw them down, it just kind of unfolded them. So, down, it just kind of unfolded them. So, down, it just kind of unfolded them. So, we've got the girls Moana swimsuits we've got the girls Moana swimsuits we've got the girls Moana swimsuits here, both sets. We have my cover up here, both sets. We have my cover up here, both sets. We have my cover up dress, dress, dress, hubbies hubbies hubbies swim trunks, and then his kind of rash swim trunks, and then his kind of rash swim trunks, and then his kind of rash guard shirt situation going on there. guard shirt situation going on there. guard shirt situation going on there. So, I'm going to pack all of this in So, I'm going to pack all of this in So, I'm going to pack all of this in his. And his is going to be our arrival his. And his is going to be our arrival his. And his is going to be our arrival day bag for Disney that we keep with us. day bag for Disney that we keep with us. day bag for Disney that we keep with us. So, this when we get out of the vehicle, So, this when we get out of the vehicle, So, this when we get out of the vehicle, we're at the resort, we can grab this we're at the resort, we can grab this we're at the resort, we can grab this and be able to check the other luggage and be able to check the other luggage and be able to check the other luggage with Bell Services. If our room isn't with Bell Services. If our room isn't with Bell Services. If our room isn't ready yet, take this, go to the water ready yet, take this, go to the water ready yet, take this, go to the water park. So, we've got that. I'm going to park. So, we've got that. I'm going to park. So, we've got that. I'm going to do our swim bag, swim toys, goggles, all do our swim bag, swim toys, goggles, all do our swim bag, swim toys, goggles, all the things are going in this the things are going in this the things are going in this and we're going to have that that we can and we're going to have that that we can and we're going to have that that we can keep with us. And then in this bottom keep with us. And then in this bottom keep with us. And then in this bottom section, I'm taking a change of clothes section, I'm taking a change of clothes section, I'm taking a change of clothes because we probably will have cooler because we probably will have cooler because we probably will have cooler travelish clothes, not go to dinner travelish clothes, not go to dinner travelish clothes, not go to dinner clothes. So, clothes. So, clothes. So, we're going to add in some clothing. Got we're going to add in some clothing. Got we're going to add in some clothing. Got some little dresses for the girls. We some little dresses for the girls. We some little dresses for the girls. We have shorts for them to wear underneath have shorts for them to wear underneath have shorts for them to wear underneath those. those. those. I've got a red polo for the hubs, shorts I've got a red polo for the hubs, shorts I've got a red polo for the hubs, shorts for the hubs, and then a t-shirt for the hubs, and then a t-shirt for the hubs, and then a t-shirt and shorts for myself. So, super easy. and shorts for myself. So, super easy. and shorts for myself. So, super easy. We can throw these on and not have on We can throw these on and not have on We can throw these on and not have on thick winter clothes cuz right now it's thick winter clothes cuz right now it's thick winter clothes cuz right now it's cold outside. It's in the 20s here in cold outside. It's in the 20s here in cold outside. It's in the 20s here in Tennessee. So, obviously we're going to Tennessee. So, obviously we're going to Tennessee. So, obviously we're going to want warm-ish clothes leaving here, but want warm-ish clothes leaving here, but want warm-ish clothes leaving here, but then when we get there, we're going to then when we get there, we're going to then when we get there, we're going to want something completely different want something completely different want something completely different cuz it's going to be almost 8. So, we've cuz it's going to be almost 8. So, we've cuz it's going to be almost 8. So, we've got his bag. This is also his daddy. got his bag. This is also his daddy. got his bag. This is also his daddy. Keep it on him all the time. Holds the Keep it on him all the time. Holds the Keep it on him all the time. Holds the camera gear, our microphones for camera gear, our microphones for camera gear, our microphones for vlogging, like all the things. Camera, vlogging, like all the things. Camera, vlogging, like all the things. Camera, like camera gear. He is like the tech like camera gear. He is like the tech like camera gear. He is like the tech man. So, all of that stuff is in here. man. So, all of that stuff is in here. man. So, all of that stuff is in here. His wipes. Um, he has like all kinds of His wipes. Um, he has like all kinds of His wipes. Um, he has like all kinds of stuff for daddy stuff in here, too. So, stuff for daddy stuff in here, too. So, stuff for daddy stuff in here, too. So, this is also his bag. So, it's got to go this is also his bag. So, it's got to go this is also his bag. So, it's got to go in his personal item for getting on the in his personal item for getting on the in his personal item for getting on the plane cuz they're going to make that plane cuz they're going to make that plane cuz they're going to make that announcement of it all has to be in one announcement of it all has to be in one announcement of it all has to be in one bag. If you didn't pay for a carry-on, bag. If you didn't pay for a carry-on, bag. If you didn't pay for a carry-on, the whole thing you you've been to the the whole thing you you've been to the the whole thing you you've been to the airport, you've probably experienced airport, you've probably experienced airport, you've probably experienced that. That's how that goes. Kidding. that. That's how that goes. Kidding. that. That's how that goes. Kidding. We're not going to put the swim bag in We're not going to put the swim bag in We're not going to put the swim bag in here because his bag's got to go in here because his bag's got to go in here because his bag's got to go in here. So, he's got to have his gear. So, here. So, he's got to have his gear. So, here. So, he's got to have his gear. So, that's got to go in here. And I can't that's got to go in here. And I can't that's got to go in here. And I can't get that one in there without making it get that one in there without making it get that one in there without making it too big. So, what I'll do is I'll put too big. So, what I'll do is I'll put too big. So, what I'll do is I'll put this in one of the other I may put this this in one of the other I may put this this in one of the other I may put this in my bag. And we'll show that in a in my bag. And we'll show that in a in my bag. And we'll show that in a second. But we got this all zipped up. second. But we got this all zipped up. second. But we got this all zipped up. It's got a compartment in the back. He It's got a compartment in the back. He It's got a compartment in the back. He can put the laptop in here cuz we will can put the laptop in here cuz we will can put the laptop in here cuz we will have to have all of our other tech stuff have to have all of our other tech stuff have to have all of our other tech stuff in there. But that is his bag. Next up, in there. But that is his bag. Next up, in there. But that is his bag. Next up, we have my travel day bag. So, I'm using we have my travel day bag. So, I'm using we have my travel day bag. So, I'm using this kind of more tote style bag so that this kind of more tote style bag so that this kind of more tote style bag so that it can play double duty. It can be our it can play double duty. It can be our it can play double duty. It can be our pool bag once we get there and we're pool bag once we get there and we're pool bag once we get there and we're going to the water park, all that good going to the water park, all that good going to the water park, all that good stuff. And then it can also be my kind stuff. And then it can also be my kind stuff. And then it can also be my kind of tote bag imbarcation day bag for all of tote bag imbarcation day bag for all of tote bag imbarcation day bag for all of our important things, our activities, of our important things, our activities, of our important things, our activities, all that good stuff that we need. And all that good stuff that we need. And all that good stuff that we need. And then throughout the cruise, it can be my then throughout the cruise, it can be my then throughout the cruise, it can be my going to the pool bag. It can be going going to the pool bag. It can be going going to the pool bag. It can be going on the island bag. It can be all my on the island bag. It can be all my on the island bag. It can be all my little things like anything you want to little things like anything you want to little things like anything you want to take to dinner or keeping signature take to dinner or keeping signature take to dinner or keeping signature items with us. So when we're out and items with us. So when we're out and items with us. So when we're out and meeting characters, I actually have them meeting characters, I actually have them meeting characters, I actually have them cuz if you're doing this little cross cuz if you're doing this little cross cuz if you're doing this little cross body sling, where are you going to put body sling, where are you going to put body sling, where are you going to put your like signature stuff for the your like signature stuff for the your like signature stuff for the characters? Like all those little characters? Like all those little characters? Like all those little things. So we're going with this bag for things. So we're going with this bag for things. So we're going with this bag for that. So it can kind of transition that. So it can kind of transition that. So it can kind of transition through the different phases through the through the different phases through the through the different phases through the cruise. So first up, we have in here cruise. So first up, we have in here cruise. So first up, we have in here because I have it set up for being a because I have it set up for being a because I have it set up for being a travel day bag. So that's what you're travel day bag. So that's what you're travel day bag. So that's what you're going to see as part of that. So, on the going to see as part of that. So, on the going to see as part of that. So, on the top I have my makeup case and my makeup top I have my makeup case and my makeup top I have my makeup case and my makeup mirror. So, here's the thing. We have a mirror. So, here's the thing. We have a mirror. So, here's the thing. We have a to have to wake up at 2 a.m. and I don't to have to wake up at 2 a.m. and I don't to have to wake up at 2 a.m. and I don't want to put my makeup on at 2:00 a.m. want to put my makeup on at 2:00 a.m. want to put my makeup on at 2:00 a.m. Sometimes I do, but I'm just like, you Sometimes I do, but I'm just like, you Sometimes I do, but I'm just like, you know what? I can either do it on the know what? I can either do it on the know what? I can either do it on the flight or I can do it later. So, we're flight or I can do it later. So, we're flight or I can do it later. So, we're going to pack this and I'm not going to going to pack this and I'm not going to going to pack this and I'm not going to worry about it. I've got my pouch with worry about it. I've got my pouch with worry about it. I've got my pouch with our magic bands because we will need our magic bands because we will need our magic bands because we will need these to get into the water park. We'll these to get into the water park. We'll these to get into the water park. We'll need these for our room. We'll need them need these for our room. We'll need them need these for our room. We'll need them on this for our stateater room. All that on this for our stateater room. All that on this for our stateater room. All that stuff on the cruise. So, I've got these stuff on the cruise. So, I've got these stuff on the cruise. So, I've got these ready to go. ready to go. ready to go. I have a little cross body bag. So, I I have a little cross body bag. So, I I have a little cross body bag. So, I can pull this out. It's got my wallet in can pull this out. It's got my wallet in can pull this out. It's got my wallet in it. It has um little wipes cleaners. I it. It has um little wipes cleaners. I it. It has um little wipes cleaners. I have gum. I have meds in here, motion have gum. I have meds in here, motion have gum. I have meds in here, motion meds in here. Um I have a little thing meds in here. Um I have a little thing meds in here. Um I have a little thing of sunscreen. Got wipes. All kinds of of sunscreen. Got wipes. All kinds of of sunscreen. Got wipes. All kinds of little things that I need. Hand little things that I need. Hand little things that I need. Hand sanitizer on the front. We've got sanitizer on the front. We've got sanitizer on the front. We've got headphones. I've got lip gloss. All that headphones. I've got lip gloss. All that headphones. I've got lip gloss. All that good stuff. This is like my I need these good stuff. This is like my I need these good stuff. This is like my I need these little essentials kind of thing. little essentials kind of thing. little essentials kind of thing. Cinnamon products, all that good stuff. Cinnamon products, all that good stuff. Cinnamon products, all that good stuff. So, this is going to be my little keep So, this is going to be my little keep So, this is going to be my little keep it on me bag. But again, it all has to it on me bag. But again, it all has to it on me bag. But again, it all has to be consolidated. That announcement's be consolidated. That announcement's be consolidated. That announcement's going to happen. So, it's got to go into going to happen. So, it's got to go into going to happen. So, it's got to go into this bag. So, we're just prepping it for this bag. So, we're just prepping it for this bag. So, we're just prepping it for that. that. that. I have two little mystery princesses for I have two little mystery princesses for I have two little mystery princesses for the girls that we can pull out while the girls that we can pull out while the girls that we can pull out while we're sitting there waiting and they can we're sitting there waiting and they can we're sitting there waiting and they can open and see which princess they got. I open and see which princess they got. I open and see which princess they got. I know. I I I love my kids. Okay, so we know. I I I love my kids. Okay, so we know. I I I love my kids. Okay, so we got those. We have the beach tote. So, got those. We have the beach tote. So, got those. We have the beach tote. So, this is my We've got to have this this is my We've got to have this this is my We've got to have this sunscreen, Solar Buddy, bug spray, sunscreen, Solar Buddy, bug spray, sunscreen, Solar Buddy, bug spray, Aquafor, more sunscreen, body glide for Aquafor, more sunscreen, body glide for Aquafor, more sunscreen, body glide for the lack of thigh gap, deodorant, the lack of thigh gap, deodorant, the lack of thigh gap, deodorant, sunscreen stick. We're very into not sunscreen stick. We're very into not sunscreen stick. We're very into not getting burned. So, we have this little getting burned. So, we have this little getting burned. So, we have this little pouch. pouch. pouch. I have my meal time pouch. So, we've got I have my meal time pouch. So, we've got I have my meal time pouch. So, we've got straws. We have uh little trash bags, straws. We have uh little trash bags, straws. We have uh little trash bags, colors, coloring place mats, the works colors, coloring place mats, the works colors, coloring place mats, the works in here. I have other coloring options in here. I have other coloring options in here. I have other coloring options because we're going on a cruise and they because we're going on a cruise and they because we're going on a cruise and they have Elsa and Anna on the cruise so it have Elsa and Anna on the cruise so it have Elsa and Anna on the cruise so it had to be themed obviously. had to be themed obviously. had to be themed obviously. Tissues, Tissues, Tissues, play sands because they love this stuff play sands because they love this stuff play sands because they love this stuff and more meds, backup motion meds, and more meds, backup motion meds, and more meds, backup motion meds, eedrin motion stickers. You get the eedrin motion stickers. You get the eedrin motion stickers. You get the idea. We We are preparing. We've got a idea. We We are preparing. We've got a idea. We We are preparing. We've got a couple snack bars in here for the girls. couple snack bars in here for the girls. couple snack bars in here for the girls. I have a phone charger. You always need I have a phone charger. You always need I have a phone charger. You always need a phone charger. Always. Always. This a phone charger. Always. Always. This a phone charger. Always. Always. This one plugs in the wall. Doesn't need one plugs in the wall. Doesn't need one plugs in the wall. Doesn't need anything to like charge it. You can plug anything to like charge it. You can plug anything to like charge it. You can plug it in to the lightning cable. You can do it in to the lightning cable. You can do it in to the lightning cable. You can do the USB, the little micro USB. You got the USB, the little micro USB. You got the USB, the little micro USB. You got USBC. This thing is amazing. Get two USBC. This thing is amazing. Get two USBC. This thing is amazing. Get two phone charges out of this thing. We're phone charges out of this thing. We're phone charges out of this thing. We're not running around somewhere trying to not running around somewhere trying to not running around somewhere trying to throw in a fuel rod. Those are stupid. throw in a fuel rod. Those are stupid. throw in a fuel rod. Those are stupid. Got a mama's bag of tricks. So, these Got a mama's bag of tricks. So, these Got a mama's bag of tricks. So, these are backup things for the crew. So, this are backup things for the crew. So, this are backup things for the crew. So, this is just fun stuff. So, let me show you is just fun stuff. So, let me show you is just fun stuff. So, let me show you the bag. On the Disney cruises, though, the bag. On the Disney cruises, though, the bag. On the Disney cruises, though, they have this thing called pixie they have this thing called pixie they have this thing called pixie dusting. Obviously, you can do that dusting. Obviously, you can do that dusting. Obviously, you can do that anywhere, but they'll people will pixie anywhere, but they'll people will pixie anywhere, but they'll people will pixie dust and like give things and you've got dust and like give things and you've got dust and like give things and you've got fish extenders. It's a thing where you fish extenders. It's a thing where you fish extenders. It's a thing where you make this little thing, and we'll talk make this little thing, and we'll talk make this little thing, and we'll talk about it in a minute. I've got the fish about it in a minute. I've got the fish about it in a minute. I've got the fish extender stuff, so you can hang it out, extender stuff, so you can hang it out, extender stuff, so you can hang it out, but I'm just going to put things in but I'm just going to put things in but I'm just going to put things in there for my own children. If somebody there for my own children. If somebody there for my own children. If somebody pixie dust this, that's great. But, we pixie dust this, that's great. But, we pixie dust this, that's great. But, we just didn't have time to sign up and do just didn't have time to sign up and do just didn't have time to sign up and do the gift exchange. And I've also seen the gift exchange. And I've also seen the gift exchange. And I've also seen sometimes where they get stolen. I'm sometimes where they get stolen. I'm sometimes where they get stolen. I'm like, that's so sad. I'm like, I would like, that's so sad. I'm like, I would like, that's so sad. I'm like, I would hate to like do something and then you hate to like do something and then you hate to like do something and then you like you don't somebody doesn't get like you don't somebody doesn't get like you don't somebody doesn't get their gift and they think you jipped their gift and they think you jipped their gift and they think you jipped them and it's like no I left your gift them and it's like no I left your gift them and it's like no I left your gift but somebody took your gift and like you but somebody took your gift and like you but somebody took your gift and like you got this whole thing. I don't know. It got this whole thing. I don't know. It got this whole thing. I don't know. It just just just I hate when humans are like corrupt. It I hate when humans are like corrupt. It I hate when humans are like corrupt. It just stinks. But that's not what we're just stinks. But that's not what we're just stinks. But that's not what we're here to talk about. We're here to talk here to talk about. We're here to talk here to talk about. We're here to talk about fish extenders. So you can put about fish extenders. So you can put about fish extenders. So you can put those out. You can sign up and do like a those out. You can sign up and do like a those out. You can sign up and do like a little gift exchange thing if you want little gift exchange thing if you want little gift exchange thing if you want to. You can do it and you can sign up to. You can do it and you can sign up to. You can do it and you can sign up and be on a pixie dusting list so you and be on a pixie dusting list so you and be on a pixie dusting list so you can see other staterooms. You can know can see other staterooms. You can know can see other staterooms. You can know like it's got ages of like who's in like it's got ages of like who's in like it's got ages of like who's in there cuz people give that information. there cuz people give that information. there cuz people give that information. It's not like Disney's putting out your It's not like Disney's putting out your It's not like Disney's putting out your personal information. You actually have personal information. You actually have personal information. You actually have to sign up for this. You go on Facebook. to sign up for this. You go on Facebook. to sign up for this. You go on Facebook. You look for your sailing date. Somebody You look for your sailing date. Somebody You look for your sailing date. Somebody makes a group. Somebody's in charge of makes a group. Somebody's in charge of makes a group. Somebody's in charge of this. I don't know how these people work this. I don't know how these people work this. I don't know how these people work so much. Like what? Whatever. They're so much. Like what? Whatever. They're so much. Like what? Whatever. They're doing that. They're making the magic. doing that. They're making the magic. doing that. They're making the magic. you go, you join the Facebook group and you go, you join the Facebook group and you go, you join the Facebook group and you can either join the pixie dusting you can either join the pixie dusting you can either join the pixie dusting list or the like friend exchange kind of list or the like friend exchange kind of list or the like friend exchange kind of thing that they do. So depending on what thing that they do. So depending on what thing that they do. So depending on what status you want to do, and you don't status you want to do, and you don't status you want to do, and you don't have to do any of this. These are all have to do any of this. These are all have to do any of this. These are all optional things. So my kids like the optional things. So my kids like the optional things. So my kids like the fish extenders, I'll usually put little fish extenders, I'll usually put little fish extenders, I'll usually put little prizes in there for them. And so it's prizes in there for them. And so it's prizes in there for them. And so it's like a special thing. Like if we're like a special thing. Like if we're like a special thing. Like if we're going to dinner, it's pirate night or going to dinner, it's pirate night or going to dinner, it's pirate night or we're going to the Elsa thing and we've we're going to the Elsa thing and we've we're going to the Elsa thing and we've not opened this up, I'll like sneak not opened this up, I'll like sneak not opened this up, I'll like sneak outside and put it in the fish extender outside and put it in the fish extender outside and put it in the fish extender and then it's kind of like Santa Claus and then it's kind of like Santa Claus and then it's kind of like Santa Claus in a stocking. Okay, but cruise version. in a stocking. Okay, but cruise version. in a stocking. Okay, but cruise version. So, that's what this bag is for. So, So, that's what this bag is for. So, So, that's what this bag is for. So, we've got little glow wands in here. we've got little glow wands in here. we've got little glow wands in here. We've got glow spinning tops. So, just We've got glow spinning tops. So, just We've got glow spinning tops. So, just little fun things to just add into the little fun things to just add into the little fun things to just add into the cruise. I've got some little sticker cruise. I've got some little sticker cruise. I've got some little sticker sheets in here as well. What's fun about sheets in here as well. What's fun about sheets in here as well. What's fun about these, and I love grabbing this, they've these, and I love grabbing this, they've these, and I love grabbing this, they've got um these little like sticky pirates. got um these little like sticky pirates. got um these little like sticky pirates. They're like the little slap hands like They're like the little slap hands like They're like the little slap hands like you get when you go to the dentist when you get when you go to the dentist when you get when you go to the dentist when you're a kid. But those are like little you're a kid. But those are like little you're a kid. But those are like little pirate hands and little swords and all pirate hands and little swords and all pirate hands and little swords and all that kind of stuff. You've got the that kind of stuff. You've got the that kind of stuff. You've got the bracelets bracelets bracelets and I just get these big packs of a few and I just get these big packs of a few and I just get these big packs of a few things and it's just fun. We've got things and it's just fun. We've got things and it's just fun. We've got temporary tattoos in here. So, we've got temporary tattoos in here. So, we've got temporary tattoos in here. So, we've got these. But what's nice is on pirate these. But what's nice is on pirate these. But what's nice is on pirate nights and on different nights you can nights and on different nights you can nights and on different nights you can do that. And the girls love having these do that. And the girls love having these do that. And the girls love having these little things and if they see another little things and if they see another little things and if they see another little kid giving them out. And I just little kid giving them out. And I just little kid giving them out. And I just think it's so fun to just build in it's think it's so fun to just build in it's think it's so fun to just build in it's just it's fun. It does the pixie just it's fun. It does the pixie just it's fun. It does the pixie dusting, but it's also it's building in dusting, but it's also it's building in dusting, but it's also it's building in generosity into them. And I just I love generosity into them. And I just I love generosity into them. And I just I love seeing that and it's fun to just bring seeing that and it's fun to just bring seeing that and it's fun to just bring joy to other people. So we'll do that. joy to other people. So we'll do that. joy to other people. So we'll do that. We've had it happen to us and it means We've had it happen to us and it means We've had it happen to us and it means so much to our little girls. So we just so much to our little girls. So we just so much to our little girls. So we just want to kind of pay it forward and do it want to kind of pay it forward and do it want to kind of pay it forward and do it to other kids. And so, obviously, again, to other kids. And so, obviously, again, to other kids. And so, obviously, again, this is nothing that you have to do, but this is nothing that you have to do, but this is nothing that you have to do, but it is really fun. And so, I want to it is really fun. And so, I want to it is really fun. And so, I want to share about it and kind of talk about share about it and kind of talk about share about it and kind of talk about some of these things. That way, you can some of these things. That way, you can some of these things. That way, you can know and you don't go into the cruise know and you don't go into the cruise know and you don't go into the cruise and you're like, I didn't know this was and you're like, I didn't know this was and you're like, I didn't know this was a thing. Especially if it's your first a thing. Especially if it's your first a thing. Especially if it's your first time and you're like, I'm missing out or time and you're like, I'm missing out or time and you're like, I'm missing out or like you I didn't know I could decorate like you I didn't know I could decorate like you I didn't know I could decorate my door or I didn't know. Like, you can my door or I didn't know. Like, you can my door or I didn't know. Like, you can do none of this. You can do all of this. do none of this. You can do all of this. do none of this. You can do all of this. I I've seen people in some of these I I've seen people in some of these I I've seen people in some of these groups, they are so generous and they groups, they are so generous and they groups, they are so generous and they are so kind and so sweet. They literally are so kind and so sweet. They literally are so kind and so sweet. They literally pack an entire suitcase full of stuff. pack an entire suitcase full of stuff. pack an entire suitcase full of stuff. Like they're making bracelets and Like they're making bracelets and Like they're making bracelets and personalizing ducks and like doing all personalizing ducks and like doing all personalizing ducks and like doing all these things and just the amount of these things and just the amount of these things and just the amount of kindness is so sweet. So, it's really kindness is so sweet. So, it's really kindness is so sweet. So, it's really really cute to watch. But just sharing really cute to watch. But just sharing really cute to watch. But just sharing that way you can kind of know these that way you can kind of know these that way you can kind of know these things happen and that way if you want things happen and that way if you want things happen and that way if you want to be a part of it, you can do some to be a part of it, you can do some to be a part of it, you can do some things. It's just kind of taking like things. It's just kind of taking like things. It's just kind of taking like party favors basically, especially when party favors basically, especially when party favors basically, especially when you have other little kids. Now, if your you have other little kids. Now, if your you have other little kids. Now, if your kids's getting older and all that stuff, kids's getting older and all that stuff, kids's getting older and all that stuff, it's different. But I have a four and a it's different. But I have a four and a it's different. But I have a four and a six-year-old and they think this is the six-year-old and they think this is the six-year-old and they think this is the most magical thing on the planet. So, most magical thing on the planet. So, most magical thing on the planet. So, until they get tired of it, I'm going to until they get tired of it, I'm going to until they get tired of it, I'm going to keep doing it. So, here we are. Um, but keep doing it. So, here we are. Um, but keep doing it. So, here we are. Um, but we've got those little things and I just we've got those little things and I just we've got those little things and I just keep this in here cuz I'm kind of keep this in here cuz I'm kind of keep this in here cuz I'm kind of prepping it. Yes, it's our travel day prepping it. Yes, it's our travel day prepping it. Yes, it's our travel day bag, but I also like I don't want to bag, but I also like I don't want to bag, but I also like I don't want to have to reorganize on the trip. So, I'm have to reorganize on the trip. So, I'm have to reorganize on the trip. So, I'm trying to do that. And then as we don't trying to do that. And then as we don't trying to do that. And then as we don't need things, obviously this bag as it's need things, obviously this bag as it's need things, obviously this bag as it's used too, it'll get lighter. So, that is used too, it'll get lighter. So, that is used too, it'll get lighter. So, that is the situation for like extra goodies and the situation for like extra goodies and the situation for like extra goodies and fish extender things and whatnot. We'll fish extender things and whatnot. We'll fish extender things and whatnot. We'll talk about the other fish extender talk about the other fish extender talk about the other fish extender stuff, but that's just kind of my things stuff, but that's just kind of my things stuff, but that's just kind of my things that I have to pass out. Um, so we've that I have to pass out. Um, so we've that I have to pass out. Um, so we've got that. I have our very, very got that. I have our very, very got that. I have our very, very important pouch here. So, this has all important pouch here. So, this has all important pouch here. So, this has all of our passports. So, we're passport of our passports. So, we're passport of our passports. So, we're passport people. You can also do the cruise with people. You can also do the cruise with people. You can also do the cruise with a birth certificate. You don't have to a birth certificate. You don't have to a birth certificate. You don't have to have that. Um, like my parents, they have that. Um, like my parents, they have that. Um, like my parents, they don't have passports and so they went don't have passports and so they went don't have passports and so they went the birth certificate route because the birth certificate route because the birth certificate route because they're like, I don't know when I'm they're like, I don't know when I'm they're like, I don't know when I'm going to use a passport again and they going to use a passport again and they going to use a passport again and they really didn't have time to do it because really didn't have time to do it because really didn't have time to do it because we got this part of the like 30 to 40% we got this part of the like 30 to 40% we got this part of the like 30 to 40% off sale that Disney had. So, it was off sale that Disney had. So, it was off sale that Disney had. So, it was like really really cheap and a really like really really cheap and a really like really really cheap and a really good deal for this cruise. So, we're good deal for this cruise. So, we're good deal for this cruise. So, we're like, "Yes." Um, yes, please. So, we did like, "Yes." Um, yes, please. So, we did like, "Yes." Um, yes, please. So, we did that, but we have this. We have our port that, but we have this. We have our port that, but we have this. We have our port arrival form. So, once you go through arrival form. So, once you go through arrival form. So, once you go through all of your check-in, you're going to all of your check-in, you're going to all of your check-in, you're going to get this little form. And so I have ours get this little form. And so I have ours get this little form. And so I have ours and then I also have my parents here so and then I also have my parents here so and then I also have my parents here so that we're all set. But it's got little that we're all set. But it's got little that we're all set. But it's got little like QR codes that they scan and like QR codes that they scan and like QR codes that they scan and everything. I don't think there's everything. I don't think there's everything. I don't think there's anything on here that's like personal anything on here that's like personal anything on here that's like personal information. I mean it's got our information. I mean it's got our information. I mean it's got our reservation number in our state room, reservation number in our state room, reservation number in our state room, but but but you won't see this till after. But you won't see this till after. But you won't see this till after. But you're going to want to print this out you're going to want to print this out you're going to want to print this out and have it. You can save it into your and have it. You can save it into your and have it. You can save it into your wallet. But to me, there's nothing like wallet. But to me, there's nothing like wallet. But to me, there's nothing like having a hard copy of a paper that is having a hard copy of a paper that is having a hard copy of a paper that is like you have to have this to get on the like you have to have this to get on the like you have to have this to get on the ship. So, cuz sometimes the internet ship. So, cuz sometimes the internet ship. So, cuz sometimes the internet isn't working and your phone won't pull isn't working and your phone won't pull isn't working and your phone won't pull up things, right? Or it dies and it's up things, right? Or it dies and it's up things, right? Or it dies and it's like there's always something happens. like there's always something happens. like there's always something happens. So, we've got those. And then I also So, we've got those. And then I also So, we've got those. And then I also need to add I just grabbed these because need to add I just grabbed these because need to add I just grabbed these because we've got to do our state room tags. we've got to do our state room tags. we've got to do our state room tags. My leg's asleep. With a Disney cruise and like a lot of With a Disney cruise and like a lot of With a Disney cruise and like a lot of cruises, they will send you luggage cruises, they will send you luggage cruises, they will send you luggage tags. So, these are a little different tags. So, these are a little different tags. So, these are a little different because we went with the discounted because we went with the discounted because we went with the discounted guaranteed veranda stateroom option. So guaranteed veranda stateroom option. So guaranteed veranda stateroom option. So it was a really good discount, but the it was a really good discount, but the it was a really good discount, but the caveat was we did not pick our caveat was we did not pick our caveat was we did not pick our stateaterooms. So Disney actually picked stateaterooms. So Disney actually picked stateaterooms. So Disney actually picked that and it saved us thousands. So which that and it saved us thousands. So which that and it saved us thousands. So which was great and we lucked out and got was great and we lucked out and got was great and we lucked out and got amazing amazing stateaterooms and we amazing amazing stateaterooms and we amazing amazing stateaterooms and we saved money all at the same time. So it saved money all at the same time. So it saved money all at the same time. So it was like yes that now that is true magic was like yes that now that is true magic was like yes that now that is true magic right there. So what I have to do with right there. So what I have to do with right there. So what I have to do with these is go in and write our these is go in and write our these is go in and write our stateateroom number on this. If you pick stateateroom number on this. If you pick stateateroom number on this. If you pick your stateateroom yourself, then it's your stateateroom yourself, then it's your stateateroom yourself, then it's all that information is going to come on all that information is going to come on all that information is going to come on your luggage tags when you get those in your luggage tags when you get those in your luggage tags when you get those in the mail in your little packet from the mail in your little packet from the mail in your little packet from Disney. Usually they sent us two per Disney. Usually they sent us two per Disney. Usually they sent us two per person, but this time they only sent one person, but this time they only sent one person, but this time they only sent one per person, which is fine. We don't have per person, which is fine. We don't have per person, which is fine. We don't have that many bags, but it was a little that many bags, but it was a little that many bags, but it was a little different this time. So, I'm going to go different this time. So, I'm going to go different this time. So, I'm going to go in and add on our stateateroom number. in and add on our stateateroom number. in and add on our stateateroom number. And then I'll show you the other thing. All right. Now that I've written our All right. Now that I've written our All right. Now that I've written our stateateroom on these, I like to use stateateroom on these, I like to use stateateroom on these, I like to use these tags. They aren't completely these tags. They aren't completely these tags. They aren't completely necessary because these do stick, but necessary because these do stick, but necessary because these do stick, but the thing is, we have had our luggage the thing is, we have had our luggage the thing is, we have had our luggage tags by the time they've made it to our tags by the time they've made it to our tags by the time they've made it to our stateateroom about to fall off the bag. stateateroom about to fall off the bag. stateateroom about to fall off the bag. So, I don't want them to like not be So, I don't want them to like not be So, I don't want them to like not be able to find our stateateroom and us be able to find our stateateroom and us be able to find our stateateroom and us be having to find a bag or it be left in having to find a bag or it be left in having to find a bag or it be left in the port or like something crazy. So, we the port or like something crazy. So, we the port or like something crazy. So, we use these. They're these little sleeves. use these. They're these little sleeves. use these. They're these little sleeves. They They They hold your luggage tag hold your luggage tag hold your luggage tag like so. like so. like so. It's just like a little Ziploc bag. So, It's just like a little Ziploc bag. So, It's just like a little Ziploc bag. So, you just put it together and then it has you just put it together and then it has you just put it together and then it has this metal this metal this metal thread. So, that will be added to our thread. So, that will be added to our thread. So, that will be added to our luggage on our imbarcation day. So, that luggage on our imbarcation day. So, that luggage on our imbarcation day. So, that morning we will grab our little morning we will grab our little morning we will grab our little imbarcation day pouch here with our imbarcation day pouch here with our imbarcation day pouch here with our passports and all that good stuff. We passports and all that good stuff. We passports and all that good stuff. We will attach this luggage and then they will attach this luggage and then they will attach this luggage and then they will be ready to go when we get to the will be ready to go when we get to the will be ready to go when we get to the port. For our transportation, we are port. For our transportation, we are port. For our transportation, we are doing private transportation versus the doing private transportation versus the doing private transportation versus the Disney travel so that we could kind of Disney travel so that we could kind of Disney travel so that we could kind of have a little bit more customization of have a little bit more customization of have a little bit more customization of like when our pickup time was and all like when our pickup time was and all like when our pickup time was and all those things. Um that's just personal those things. Um that's just personal those things. Um that's just personal preference. We've done both and they preference. We've done both and they preference. We've done both and they both have their advantages. For us, we both have their advantages. For us, we both have their advantages. For us, we just we liked private and so we that's just we liked private and so we that's just we liked private and so we that's what we're doing. Um, the pricing is what we're doing. Um, the pricing is what we're doing. Um, the pricing is usually really close to the same. Um, so usually really close to the same. Um, so usually really close to the same. Um, so it's not like, oh, you spend more for it's not like, oh, you spend more for it's not like, oh, you spend more for going private. I know we've done private going private. I know we've done private going private. I know we've done private before and it's actually saved us money before and it's actually saved us money before and it's actually saved us money in comparison to Disney. So, just in comparison to Disney. So, just in comparison to Disney. So, just depends on what what you want to do and depends on what what you want to do and depends on what what you want to do and what your flavor is, but for us, that's what your flavor is, but for us, that's what your flavor is, but for us, that's what we're going to do. So, we will what we're going to do. So, we will what we're going to do. So, we will attach these to our luggage when we get attach these to our luggage when we get attach these to our luggage when we get to the port. We'll hand them off to the to the port. We'll hand them off to the to the port. We'll hand them off to the baggage baggage baggage service there when our driver drops us service there when our driver drops us service there when our driver drops us off and then we'll be ready to go into off and then we'll be ready to go into off and then we'll be ready to go into the port, get checked in, do all the the port, get checked in, do all the the port, get checked in, do all the things, and be ready to board the things, and be ready to board the things, and be ready to board the cruise. But that is like the most cruise. But that is like the most cruise. But that is like the most important thing is having all of this important thing is having all of this important thing is having all of this together. Do not leave it like, "Oh, together. Do not leave it like, "Oh, together. Do not leave it like, "Oh, this one's in this bag and this one's in this one's in this bag and this one's in this one's in this bag and this one's in another bag." Having it all together another bag." Having it all together another bag." Having it all together helps so so much cuz then you aren't helps so so much cuz then you aren't helps so so much cuz then you aren't looking around like, "Oh, this was in looking around like, "Oh, this was in looking around like, "Oh, this was in that bag and this is in that bag." And that bag and this is in that bag." And that bag and this is in that bag." And you definitely don't put it in your you definitely don't put it in your you definitely don't put it in your checked luggage. So having this as soon checked luggage. So having this as soon checked luggage. So having this as soon as you you get out of the car, you drop as you you get out of the car, you drop as you you get out of the car, you drop your bags, you're walking up, you see your bags, you're walking up, you see your bags, you're walking up, you see the sign of like, okay, this is my port the sign of like, okay, this is my port the sign of like, okay, this is my port arrival time. I've got to go through arrival time. I've got to go through arrival time. I've got to go through this lane. Soon as you step into that this lane. Soon as you step into that this lane. Soon as you step into that lane, you can pull this out and you are lane, you can pull this out and you are lane, you can pull this out and you are just like we're getting on the Disney just like we're getting on the Disney just like we're getting on the Disney ship instead of like frantically digging ship instead of like frantically digging ship instead of like frantically digging through your bag like where's the stuff? through your bag like where's the stuff? through your bag like where's the stuff? Where's the port arrival for? Where did Where's the port arrival for? Where did Where's the port arrival for? Where did you put your passport? I thought you had you put your passport? I thought you had you put your passport? I thought you had your passport. I have the passport. No, your passport. I have the passport. No, your passport. I have the passport. No, you had the passport. And you're not you had the passport. And you're not you had the passport. And you're not having that whole situation. You can having that whole situation. You can having that whole situation. You can just be in like oh my gosh, they're just be in like oh my gosh, they're just be in like oh my gosh, they're playing Disney music. There's the ship. playing Disney music. There's the ship. playing Disney music. There's the ship. I'm in line. Hi, cast member. Waving at I'm in line. Hi, cast member. Waving at I'm in line. Hi, cast member. Waving at me with a cute little Mickey glove. me with a cute little Mickey glove. me with a cute little Mickey glove. Like, you can just like enjoy that Like, you can just like enjoy that Like, you can just like enjoy that moment and not be stressful cuz we've moment and not be stressful cuz we've moment and not be stressful cuz we've done both. And the not stressful option done both. And the not stressful option done both. And the not stressful option is way better. So, help me help you. But is way better. So, help me help you. But is way better. So, help me help you. But last but not least that I had in that last but not least that I had in that last but not least that I had in that bag are wipes. Self-explanatory enough. bag are wipes. Self-explanatory enough. bag are wipes. Self-explanatory enough. You don't need to go anywhere without You don't need to go anywhere without You don't need to go anywhere without wipes. Actually, no. I have a pocket on wipes. Actually, no. I have a pocket on wipes. Actually, no. I have a pocket on the end. I don't know what I'm saying. the end. I don't know what I'm saying. the end. I don't know what I'm saying. This is not all. But we also have our This is not all. But we also have our This is not all. But we also have our signature boards. I will link the very signature boards. I will link the very signature boards. I will link the very sweet shop that makes these. One little sweet shop that makes these. One little sweet shop that makes these. One little spark is amazing and is so cute. I love spark is amazing and is so cute. I love spark is amazing and is so cute. I love these. She made them after the girls these. She made them after the girls these. She made them after the girls like imbarcation day outfits and kind of like imbarcation day outfits and kind of like imbarcation day outfits and kind of made them Christmy cuz we are doing like made them Christmy cuz we are doing like made them Christmy cuz we are doing like I said a Christmas cruise. So, those are I said a Christmas cruise. So, those are I said a Christmas cruise. So, those are super cute. But love these so much. We super cute. But love these so much. We super cute. But love these so much. We have so many of them. That is my like have so many of them. That is my like have so many of them. That is my like goal for 2026. They're all in a drawer. goal for 2026. They're all in a drawer. goal for 2026. They're all in a drawer. I'm like I've got to get frames and I'm like I've got to get frames and I'm like I've got to get frames and these are getting on the wall like in these are getting on the wall like in these are getting on the wall like in our playroom or in our office. I don't our playroom or in our office. I don't our playroom or in our office. I don't know. But that's happening. That's know. But that's happening. That's know. But that's happening. That's totally irrelevant to this, but we're totally irrelevant to this, but we're totally irrelevant to this, but we're hanging out. We're besties. We're hanging out. We're besties. We're hanging out. We're besties. We're talking through everything. So, here on talking through everything. So, here on talking through everything. So, here on the end, though, I do have a little the end, though, I do have a little the end, though, I do have a little pocket. We've got flushable wipes. We've pocket. We've got flushable wipes. We've pocket. We've got flushable wipes. We've got Clorox wipes cuz it's that time of got Clorox wipes cuz it's that time of got Clorox wipes cuz it's that time of year. Bottles. So, instead of taking year. Bottles. So, instead of taking year. Bottles. So, instead of taking refillable water bottles, we're just refillable water bottles, we're just refillable water bottles, we're just taking bottles of water. Um, I'll get taking bottles of water. Um, I'll get taking bottles of water. Um, I'll get them at the airport. We can pop these them at the airport. We can pop these them at the airport. We can pop these in. Makes them a squirt bottle. Doesn't in. Makes them a squirt bottle. Doesn't in. Makes them a squirt bottle. Doesn't spill. All that good stuff. Because this spill. All that good stuff. Because this spill. All that good stuff. Because this is going to be easier to wash, take up is going to be easier to wash, take up is going to be easier to wash, take up less space. Little plastic trash bags. less space. Little plastic trash bags. less space. Little plastic trash bags. These are great for on the plane. If These are great for on the plane. If These are great for on the plane. If you're doing activities and they've got you're doing activities and they've got you're doing activities and they've got like wrappers or anything like that, it like wrappers or anything like that, it like wrappers or anything like that, it sticks to sticks to sticks to like you can stick it on the tray table, like you can stick it on the tray table, like you can stick it on the tray table, throw the trash in, take it down as throw the trash in, take it down as throw the trash in, take it down as they're walking by collecting trash, they're walking by collecting trash, they're walking by collecting trash, hand it to them. Just kind of keeps it a hand it to them. Just kind of keeps it a hand it to them. Just kind of keeps it a little tidy. I like things to be tidy little tidy. I like things to be tidy little tidy. I like things to be tidy and organized. Just you can't tell. and organized. Just you can't tell. and organized. Just you can't tell. We've got some more snack bars here on We've got some more snack bars here on We've got some more snack bars here on the end. Easy access. And some travel the end. Easy access. And some travel the end. Easy access. And some travel PooPourri. So that is the kind of list PooPourri. So that is the kind of list PooPourri. So that is the kind of list or that's kind of the stuff that I have or that's kind of the stuff that I have or that's kind of the stuff that I have in this bag. That is for in this bag. That is for in this bag. That is for our like arrival day for our travel day, our like arrival day for our travel day, our like arrival day for our travel day, arrival day and kind of morphing into arrival day and kind of morphing into arrival day and kind of morphing into imbarcation day. So I'm going to put all imbarcation day. So I'm going to put all imbarcation day. So I'm going to put all the stuff back in the bag and then we're the stuff back in the bag and then we're the stuff back in the bag and then we're going to talk about the girls bags and going to talk about the girls bags and going to talk about the girls bags and what else we're packing for that what else we're packing for that what else we're packing for that imbarcation day imbarcation day imbarcation day pre cruise stay day. Also, this is pre cruise stay day. Also, this is pre cruise stay day. Also, this is really chatty video so I hope you made really chatty video so I hope you made really chatty video so I hope you made coffee. Next up, we've got the girls coffee. Next up, we've got the girls coffee. Next up, we've got the girls personal item bags. So, we have these. I personal item bags. So, we have these. I personal item bags. So, we have these. I had one and then they have been like had one and then they have been like had one and then they have been like obsessed with my bag. So, over Black obsessed with my bag. So, over Black obsessed with my bag. So, over Black Friday time, they had them super cheap. Friday time, they had them super cheap. Friday time, they had them super cheap. So, we got them their own like grown-up So, we got them their own like grown-up So, we got them their own like grown-up bag. It is full size, so it packs bag. It is full size, so it packs bag. It is full size, so it packs literally a ton if we needed to like literally a ton if we needed to like literally a ton if we needed to like pack personal item only. It has wheels, pack personal item only. It has wheels, pack personal item only. It has wheels, which is great. And they also like which is great. And they also like which is great. And they also like stack. So, fantastic bags. If you're in stack. So, fantastic bags. If you're in stack. So, fantastic bags. If you're in the market, I'll link them. But got the market, I'll link them. But got the market, I'll link them. But got their travel blanket cuz it does, their travel blanket cuz it does, their travel blanket cuz it does, especially in the winter, gets cold on especially in the winter, gets cold on especially in the winter, gets cold on the plane. So, we always like to have the plane. So, we always like to have the plane. So, we always like to have that. It also is a stroller blanket. So, that. It also is a stroller blanket. So, that. It also is a stroller blanket. So, if you're doing stroller time, it just if you're doing stroller time, it just if you're doing stroller time, it just transitions really beautifully. Got the transitions really beautifully. Got the transitions really beautifully. Got the little pouch with their Yodo box, their little pouch with their Yodo box, their little pouch with their Yodo box, their Yoda cards, and headphones in that. And Yoda cards, and headphones in that. And Yoda cards, and headphones in that. And then I have this little pouch of then I have this little pouch of then I have this little pouch of activities for them. So, we've got some activities for them. So, we've got some activities for them. So, we've got some snack bars in here, meat sticks, I've snack bars in here, meat sticks, I've snack bars in here, meat sticks, I've got some little travel size um got some little travel size um got some little travel size um magnetiles. They love those. A pirate magnetiles. They love those. A pirate magnetiles. They love those. A pirate sticker book, which was fun. And then we sticker book, which was fun. And then we sticker book, which was fun. And then we also have a little mess-free coloring in also have a little mess-free coloring in also have a little mess-free coloring in here for them as well. I've got the same here for them as well. I've got the same here for them as well. I've got the same thing for both kids. So, I'm just going thing for both kids. So, I'm just going thing for both kids. So, I'm just going to go through it once. And then we do to go through it once. And then we do to go through it once. And then we do have a little notebook. So, I have this have a little notebook. So, I have this have a little notebook. So, I have this that they can color in, they can sketch that they can color in, they can sketch that they can color in, they can sketch in, but then they can also put any in, but then they can also put any in, but then they can also put any stickers that they collect in that. So, stickers that they collect in that. So, stickers that they collect in that. So, we can put that in a bag and have that. we can put that in a bag and have that. we can put that in a bag and have that. have this little pouch also by the sweet have this little pouch also by the sweet have this little pouch also by the sweet little shop that makes our um signature little shop that makes our um signature little shop that makes our um signature boards. She made these and they're so boards. She made these and they're so boards. She made these and they're so cute. Like she has so many. Seriously, cute. Like she has so many. Seriously, cute. Like she has so many. Seriously, check out her shop. They're so stinking check out her shop. They're so stinking check out her shop. They're so stinking cute. I'll have it linked below. But cute. I'll have it linked below. But cute. I'll have it linked below. But it's got their crayons in it and it's it's got their crayons in it and it's it's got their crayons in it and it's got a little carabiner hook on it so got a little carabiner hook on it so got a little carabiner hook on it so that it can attach. So, I'm just going that it can attach. So, I'm just going that it can attach. So, I'm just going to hook it onto the front as like their to hook it onto the front as like their to hook it onto the front as like their little in their zipper pocket or their little in their zipper pocket or their little in their zipper pocket or their little zipper hole here. And this is little zipper hole here. And this is little zipper hole here. And this is going to go in the front. going to go in the front. going to go in the front. And so all this is going in this front. And so all this is going in this front. And so all this is going in this front. It's kind of like a tech pocket, but It's kind of like a tech pocket, but It's kind of like a tech pocket, but we're using it for this. And then they we're using it for this. And then they we're using it for this. And then they also will have the inside of their bag also will have the inside of their bag also will have the inside of their bag that is going to be that is going to be that is going to be all this space in here. And then on the all this space in here. And then on the all this space in here. And then on the inside of her bag here, I'm going to inside of her bag here, I'm going to inside of her bag here, I'm going to toss in my blanket. That way, it's one toss in my blanket. That way, it's one toss in my blanket. That way, it's one less thing to keep up with in the less thing to keep up with in the less thing to keep up with in the airport. Usually I'll put it on like the airport. Usually I'll put it on like the airport. Usually I'll put it on like the trolley of my bag, but since we have trolley of my bag, but since we have trolley of my bag, but since we have this open space, I'm just going to lay this open space, I'm just going to lay this open space, I'm just going to lay it in here for now. And then also the it in here for now. And then also the it in here for now. And then also the swim pouch with their little toys and swim pouch with their little toys and swim pouch with their little toys and things, I'm going to put that in there things, I'm going to put that in there things, I'm going to put that in there as well. And she can handle pulling as well. And she can handle pulling as well. And she can handle pulling this, not too heavy. this, not too heavy. this, not too heavy. And that will have her all set. And that will have her all set. And that will have her all set. And pull this out. And her bag is And pull this out. And her bag is And pull this out. And her bag is literally ready to go. Um, like I literally ready to go. Um, like I literally ready to go. Um, like I mentioned, got the same bag for my other mentioned, got the same bag for my other mentioned, got the same bag for my other daughter. So, we've got the same daughter. So, we've got the same daughter. So, we've got the same situation. And now we're going to pack situation. And now we're going to pack situation. And now we're going to pack the rest of the stuff for our the rest of the stuff for our the rest of the stuff for our imbarcation day and all the stateateroom imbarcation day and all the stateateroom imbarcation day and all the stateateroom organization cuz organization cuz organization cuz it's it's like an up. They're like, the it's it's like an up. They're like, the it's it's like an up. They're like, the wilderness must be explored. And I'm wilderness must be explored. And I'm wilderness must be explored. And I'm like, the stateateroom must be like, the stateateroom must be like, the stateateroom must be organized. For this next bit, we're organized. For this next bit, we're organized. For this next bit, we're going in with our first giant checked going in with our first giant checked going in with our first giant checked bag. And this one is either 28 or 29 in. bag. And this one is either 28 or 29 in. bag. And this one is either 28 or 29 in. It's kind of a trunk style bag. Love It's kind of a trunk style bag. Love It's kind of a trunk style bag. Love this one. So, I'm going to lay it in the this one. So, I'm going to lay it in the this one. So, I'm going to lay it in the floor and then we're going to start floor and then we're going to start floor and then we're going to start putting things in it so you can see as putting things in it so you can see as putting things in it so you can see as we're filling it. And then we've got all we're filling it. And then we've got all we're filling it. And then we've got all the cruise outfits cuz we got pirate the cruise outfits cuz we got pirate the cruise outfits cuz we got pirate night and Anna and Elsa night and night and Anna and Elsa night and night and Anna and Elsa night and Christmas on the cruise and all those Christmas on the cruise and all those Christmas on the cruise and all those fun things for our pre- cruise night. Going to use for our pre- cruise night. Going to use for our pre- cruise night. Going to use one single packing cube. That way I can one single packing cube. That way I can one single packing cube. That way I can pull everything out. So once we get back pull everything out. So once we get back pull everything out. So once we get back to our hotel after doing the water park to our hotel after doing the water park to our hotel after doing the water park dinner, whatever we do, got pajamas for dinner, whatever we do, got pajamas for dinner, whatever we do, got pajamas for myself. I've got little princess myself. I've got little princess myself. I've got little princess night gown pajamas for the girls. And night gown pajamas for the girls. And night gown pajamas for the girls. And then we have our imbarcation day then we have our imbarcation day then we have our imbarcation day outfits. So I've got like a little cream outfits. So I've got like a little cream outfits. So I've got like a little cream top and some jeans. Yes, I'm wearing top and some jeans. Yes, I'm wearing top and some jeans. Yes, I'm wearing jeans. I don't just what we're feeling. jeans. I don't just what we're feeling. jeans. I don't just what we're feeling. Okay. And then I've got a kind of pinky Okay. And then I've got a kind of pinky Okay. And then I've got a kind of pinky polo and some shorts for the hubby. And polo and some shorts for the hubby. And polo and some shorts for the hubby. And then for the girls, we're theming their then for the girls, we're theming their then for the girls, we're theming their dressing and kind of theming towards our dressing and kind of theming towards our dressing and kind of theming towards our stateateroom. So instead of going like stateateroom. So instead of going like stateateroom. So instead of going like the blue and red and white like the blue and red and white like the blue and red and white like traditional cruise colors or going traditional cruise colors or going traditional cruise colors or going Christmas cruise colors, we're theming Christmas cruise colors, we're theming Christmas cruise colors, we're theming that. So, you can actually like Google that. So, you can actually like Google that. So, you can actually like Google Disney, Wish, or whatever cruise ship Disney, Wish, or whatever cruise ship Disney, Wish, or whatever cruise ship you're going on, stateateroom themes, you're going on, stateateroom themes, you're going on, stateateroom themes, and there are PDFs of people that have and there are PDFs of people that have and there are PDFs of people that have literally went through the cruise ship literally went through the cruise ship literally went through the cruise ship and like made it. And so, you can look and like made it. And so, you can look and like made it. And so, you can look up your stateateroom number and see what up your stateateroom number and see what up your stateateroom number and see what style it's going to be. So, I did that. style it's going to be. So, I did that. style it's going to be. So, I did that. And our stateateroom is going to be And our stateateroom is going to be And our stateateroom is going to be Little Mermaid. I think we have state Little Mermaid. I think we have state Little Mermaid. I think we have state room. We ended up with a stateateroom room. We ended up with a stateateroom room. We ended up with a stateateroom right next door to my mom and dad. So, right next door to my mom and dad. So, right next door to my mom and dad. So, we're going to be connecting, sharing we're going to be connecting, sharing we're going to be connecting, sharing the veranda, the whole thing. Pretty the veranda, the whole thing. Pretty the veranda, the whole thing. Pretty sure ours is Little Mermaid. So, Bella sure ours is Little Mermaid. So, Bella sure ours is Little Mermaid. So, Bella is wearing her Little Mermaid dress is wearing her Little Mermaid dress is wearing her Little Mermaid dress here. And then Lucy is going to be here. And then Lucy is going to be here. And then Lucy is going to be Moana. And that way we can do pictures Moana. And that way we can do pictures Moana. And that way we can do pictures in their cute little stateateroom. But in their cute little stateateroom. But in their cute little stateateroom. But they've got the little like ears that they've got the little like ears that they've got the little like ears that will snap on. And so, these are going to will snap on. And so, these are going to will snap on. And so, these are going to be super fun. I had another one. Where be super fun. I had another one. Where be super fun. I had another one. Where did it go? did it go? did it go? Just here. Are you serious right now? Just here. Are you serious right now? Just here. Are you serious right now? The other ear was just here. I literally The other ear was just here. I literally The other ear was just here. I literally laid it up here. What is happening right laid it up here. What is happening right laid it up here. What is happening right now? Where did it go? Where did it go? Where did it go? Now I feel like I'm losing my mind. Like Now I feel like I'm losing my mind. Like Now I feel like I'm losing my mind. Like it was just here. What the actual heck? it was just here. What the actual heck? it was just here. What the actual heck? Is it under? No. No. Is it on the floor Is it under? No. No. Is it on the floor Is it under? No. No. Is it on the floor still? Haha. It was like I just had it still? Haha. It was like I just had it still? Haha. It was like I just had it laying here. Okay. Here's the other laying here. Okay. Here's the other laying here. Okay. Here's the other ears. ears. ears. If you don't think you're losing your If you don't think you're losing your If you don't think you're losing your mind at least once while you're packing, mind at least once while you're packing, mind at least once while you're packing, have you packed for anything? Especially have you packed for anything? Especially have you packed for anything? Especially when you're packing for everybody. And when you're packing for everybody. And when you're packing for everybody. And yes, I packed for my whole family, yes, I packed for my whole family, yes, I packed for my whole family, including my husband. He is the most including my husband. He is the most including my husband. He is the most amazing man in the world and so so good amazing man in the world and so so good amazing man in the world and so so good at so many things. But if you know the at so many things. But if you know the at so many things. But if you know the story of the plaid man that I married story of the plaid man that I married story of the plaid man that I married and went on my honeymoon with, then you and went on my honeymoon with, then you and went on my honeymoon with, then you know exactly why that man does not pack know exactly why that man does not pack know exactly why that man does not pack himself anymore. himself anymore. himself anymore. So that's that is that if you don't So that's that is that if you don't So that's that is that if you don't know, now you know. It just is what it know, now you know. It just is what it know, now you know. It just is what it is. He is blessed. We just we we thrive is. He is blessed. We just we we thrive is. He is blessed. We just we we thrive in our elements and so we're just I am a in our elements and so we're just I am a in our elements and so we're just I am a packer. I'm the packer. That work. Yep. packer. I'm the packer. That work. Yep. packer. I'm the packer. That work. Yep. That just it's what works for us. So That just it's what works for us. So That just it's what works for us. So we've got the packing cube. This is we've got the packing cube. This is we've got the packing cube. This is going to come out. Jamie's for the night going to come out. Jamie's for the night going to come out. Jamie's for the night before. The next morning, we're going to before. The next morning, we're going to before. The next morning, we're going to get up. We're going to put on our get up. We're going to put on our get up. We're going to put on our clothes. We're going to be set. And that clothes. We're going to be set. And that clothes. We're going to be set. And that way we have to dig and sort through as way we have to dig and sort through as way we have to dig and sort through as little as possible. I'm hoping we can little as possible. I'm hoping we can little as possible. I'm hoping we can put all everything, which I think we put all everything, which I think we put all everything, which I think we should be able to, into this suitcase should be able to, into this suitcase should be able to, into this suitcase and leave the other suitcase alone. And and leave the other suitcase alone. And and leave the other suitcase alone. And that way when we're there, we're not that way when we're there, we're not that way when we're there, we're not digging through multiple bags and digging through multiple bags and digging through multiple bags and opening suitcases and risking things opening suitcases and risking things opening suitcases and risking things falling out and losing and all that kind falling out and losing and all that kind falling out and losing and all that kind of stuff. The more minimal you can be of stuff. The more minimal you can be of stuff. The more minimal you can be like that, I feel like the better it is. like that, I feel like the better it is. like that, I feel like the better it is. So, we're going to throw this in the So, we're going to throw this in the So, we're going to throw this in the top. Got our toiletry bag that is also going Got our toiletry bag that is also going Got our toiletry bag that is also going in the top. Our sunglasses case. It in the top. Our sunglasses case. It in the top. Our sunglasses case. It hangs, which is fun. Got our mine and hangs, which is fun. Got our mine and hangs, which is fun. Got our mine and hubby and the kids sunglasses in here. hubby and the kids sunglasses in here. hubby and the kids sunglasses in here. Pop that in there. Pop that in there. Pop that in there. Our electronics bag. So, when it comes Our electronics bag. So, when it comes Our electronics bag. So, when it comes to the cruise, you can only take things to the cruise, you can only take things to the cruise, you can only take things like this that plug in USBs. You cannot like this that plug in USBs. You cannot like this that plug in USBs. You cannot take anything that also has outlets take anything that also has outlets take anything that also has outlets attached to it. So if you can plug it in attached to it. So if you can plug it in attached to it. So if you can plug it in and then it's like an extension cord and then it's like an extension cord and then it's like an extension cord outlet like that, even if it's surge outlet like that, even if it's surge outlet like that, even if it's surge protector, whatever, you are not allowed protector, whatever, you are not allowed protector, whatever, you are not allowed to take those. That is an illegal item. to take those. That is an illegal item. to take those. That is an illegal item. So this is what you can take. We plug in So this is what you can take. We plug in So this is what you can take. We plug in our portable sound machine. Got cables our portable sound machine. Got cables our portable sound machine. Got cables for that. We have a little charger that for that. We have a little charger that for that. We have a little charger that lays flat so we can charge watches, lays flat so we can charge watches, lays flat so we can charge watches, headphones, phones, all that good stuff headphones, phones, all that good stuff headphones, phones, all that good stuff here. So we plug those in. We've got here. So we plug those in. We've got here. So we plug those in. We've got magic band chargers. All that good stuff magic band chargers. All that good stuff magic band chargers. All that good stuff is here. So, just keep that in mind when is here. So, just keep that in mind when is here. So, just keep that in mind when you're doing that. But, we will need you're doing that. But, we will need you're doing that. But, we will need charging capabilities at the resort the charging capabilities at the resort the charging capabilities at the resort the night before. So, that's going in here. night before. So, that's going in here. night before. So, that's going in here. So, this is our like night before So, this is our like night before So, this is our like night before section. And then the other thing that's section. And then the other thing that's section. And then the other thing that's going in there are our shoe packing going in there are our shoe packing going in there are our shoe packing cubes. So, this has cubes. So, this has cubes. So, this has mine and one of my daughter's shoes in mine and one of my daughter's shoes in mine and one of my daughter's shoes in there. So, I'm taking some heels to have there. So, I'm taking some heels to have there. So, I'm taking some heels to have for like fancy dinners. She wants to for like fancy dinners. She wants to for like fancy dinners. She wants to take her heels. So, we're doing that. take her heels. So, we're doing that. take her heels. So, we're doing that. And then in the bottom of the shoe And then in the bottom of the shoe And then in the bottom of the shoe packing cube, packing cube, packing cube, got my tennis shoes. Love these. got my tennis shoes. Love these. got my tennis shoes. Love these. Inexpensive from Amazon. Way more Inexpensive from Amazon. Way more Inexpensive from Amazon. Way more comfortable than you would have ever comfortable than you would have ever comfortable than you would have ever thought. thought. thought. Excuse you. That's going to go in here. Excuse you. That's going to go in here. Excuse you. That's going to go in here. Got hubby's shoe bag. It has his Got hubby's shoe bag. It has his Got hubby's shoe bag. It has his native shoes in there. So, they'll be native shoes in there. So, they'll be native shoes in there. So, they'll be good for pool time, beach time, that good for pool time, beach time, that good for pool time, beach time, that sort of thing. sort of thing. sort of thing. And then in the bottom of his, And then in the bottom of his, And then in the bottom of his, he's got all of his socks and underwear he's got all of his socks and underwear he's got all of his socks and underwear tossed in here and his dress shoes. So, tossed in here and his dress shoes. So, tossed in here and his dress shoes. So, we've got that. I am going to though put we've got that. I am going to though put we've got that. I am going to though put my other daughter's shoes in here with my other daughter's shoes in here with my other daughter's shoes in here with his since he has his since he has his since he has room room room and that way she has her fancy shoes as and that way she has her fancy shoes as and that way she has her fancy shoes as well. well. well. And these are going to be easy things And these are going to be easy things And these are going to be easy things that we can pull out and put on the few that we can pull out and put on the few that we can pull out and put on the few shelves that you do have cuz you don't shelves that you do have cuz you don't shelves that you do have cuz you don't have a dresser or anything like that in have a dresser or anything like that in have a dresser or anything like that in the stateateroom. So that's another the stateateroom. So that's another the stateateroom. So that's another thing. Shelves are the only organization thing. Shelves are the only organization thing. Shelves are the only organization and hanging. and hanging. and hanging. We're going to talk about that. We're going to talk about that. We're going to talk about that. So, I'm a fan of it being organized in So, I'm a fan of it being organized in So, I'm a fan of it being organized in your stateateroom, your hotel room, your your stateateroom, your hotel room, your your stateateroom, your hotel room, your home. Obviously, I for me personally, I home. Obviously, I for me personally, I home. Obviously, I for me personally, I function better. So, if you're like function better. So, if you're like function better. So, if you're like that, too, this segment is for you. So, that, too, this segment is for you. So, that, too, this segment is for you. So, this is my stateateroom organizer. It's this is my stateateroom organizer. It's this is my stateateroom organizer. It's technically an over the-do organizer, technically an over the-do organizer, technically an over the-do organizer, which yes, is an illegal item. And yes, which yes, is an illegal item. And yes, which yes, is an illegal item. And yes, I am taking an illegal item, but I have I am taking an illegal item, but I have I am taking an illegal item, but I have found a way around the fact that it is found a way around the fact that it is found a way around the fact that it is no longer illegal. So, I'm not using the no longer illegal. So, I'm not using the no longer illegal. So, I'm not using the over the-do attachments that come with over the-do attachments that come with over the-do attachments that come with this. What I'm doing are using these this. What I'm doing are using these this. What I'm doing are using these super thick, super heavy duty hooks. super thick, super heavy duty hooks. super thick, super heavy duty hooks. Now, these are like rated for like 80 Now, these are like rated for like 80 Now, these are like rated for like 80 lb, I think. Hold on. I don't want to lb, I think. Hold on. I don't want to lb, I think. Hold on. I don't want to say the wrong thing. Let me check this. say the wrong thing. Let me check this. say the wrong thing. Let me check this. They are 120 lb hooks. That's their They are 120 lb hooks. That's their They are 120 lb hooks. That's their weight. Um or the they don't weigh that weight. Um or the they don't weigh that weight. Um or the they don't weigh that much. Obviously, I'm lifting them. Like much. Obviously, I'm lifting them. Like much. Obviously, I'm lifting them. Like I'm not a bodybuilder over here, but I'm not a bodybuilder over here, but I'm not a bodybuilder over here, but they hold that much. They come in lovely they hold that much. They come in lovely they hold that much. They come in lovely colors like gold and black and bronze, colors like gold and black and bronze, colors like gold and black and bronze, so you can get whatever your fancy is. so you can get whatever your fancy is. so you can get whatever your fancy is. Um but we've got those. And so the hook Um but we've got those. And so the hook Um but we've got those. And so the hook itself that just hooks through. There itself that just hooks through. There itself that just hooks through. There are two of them stuck together, but are two of them stuck together, but are two of them stuck together, but that's going to magnetize to the wall that's going to magnetize to the wall that's going to magnetize to the wall cuz your walls are magnetic. So, that's cuz your walls are magnetic. So, that's cuz your walls are magnetic. So, that's great. And this is going to help keep great. And this is going to help keep great. And this is going to help keep everything organized because again, your everything organized because again, your everything organized because again, your closet space is very minimal. If you closet space is very minimal. If you closet space is very minimal. If you have been to an all-star resort at have been to an all-star resort at have been to an all-star resort at Disney and you think that room is tiny, Disney and you think that room is tiny, Disney and you think that room is tiny, your stateateroom's going to be smaller. your stateateroom's going to be smaller. your stateateroom's going to be smaller. I hate to tell you, if you've never been I hate to tell you, if you've never been I hate to tell you, if you've never been on a cruise, these things are tiny. If on a cruise, these things are tiny. If on a cruise, these things are tiny. If you're used to bougie and you're used to you're used to bougie and you're used to you're used to bougie and you're used to your deluxe, this is not deluxe, okay, your deluxe, this is not deluxe, okay, your deluxe, this is not deluxe, okay, you guys? It is small. you guys? It is small. you guys? It is small. It's one big happy family in one little It's one big happy family in one little It's one big happy family in one little tiny room. Okay? It's a situation. It is tiny room. Okay? It's a situation. It is tiny room. Okay? It's a situation. It is what it is. It is magical. It is the what it is. It is magical. It is the what it is. It is magical. It is the most beautiful view, but the rooms are most beautiful view, but the rooms are most beautiful view, but the rooms are small. So, you're going to want small. So, you're going to want small. So, you're going to want organization. There's no dresser space organization. There's no dresser space organization. There's no dresser space really. So, again, this is what we're really. So, again, this is what we're really. So, again, this is what we're dealing with. You've got your closet so dealing with. You've got your closet so dealing with. You've got your closet so you can hang things, and then you have a you can hang things, and then you have a you can hang things, and then you have a few shelves in said closet. So, that's few shelves in said closet. So, that's few shelves in said closet. So, that's where any packing cubes are going to where any packing cubes are going to where any packing cubes are going to want to live. Anything that you can want to live. Anything that you can want to live. Anything that you can hang, hang it up. That is the best hang, hang it up. That is the best hang, hang it up. That is the best thing. Love hanging packing cubes, all thing. Love hanging packing cubes, all thing. Love hanging packing cubes, all that good stuff, that is great. But over that good stuff, that is great. But over that good stuff, that is great. But over the door organizers are not approved the door organizers are not approved the door organizers are not approved because they don't want you to damage because they don't want you to damage because they don't want you to damage their doors. Rightfully so. I don't want their doors. Rightfully so. I don't want their doors. Rightfully so. I don't want anyone to damage my doors. I get it. So, anyone to damage my doors. I get it. So, anyone to damage my doors. I get it. So, we're using this. We're sticking it to we're using this. We're sticking it to we're using this. We're sticking it to the wall. In the top part, though, what the wall. In the top part, though, what the wall. In the top part, though, what we're carrying and organizing our we're carrying and organizing our we're carrying and organizing our stateateroom with is things like extra stateateroom with is things like extra stateateroom with is things like extra tissues. We have hand sanitizer in here. tissues. We have hand sanitizer in here. tissues. We have hand sanitizer in here. I have Clorox wipes for the room cuz I have Clorox wipes for the room cuz I have Clorox wipes for the room cuz it's germy. We have dish soap for any it's germy. We have dish soap for any it's germy. We have dish soap for any bottles, cups, things like that that we bottles, cups, things like that that we bottles, cups, things like that that we need to clean up. Got a little bottle need to clean up. Got a little bottle need to clean up. Got a little bottle brush cleaner in here as well. And then brush cleaner in here as well. And then brush cleaner in here as well. And then some backup wipes for when we inevitably some backup wipes for when we inevitably some backup wipes for when we inevitably run out and we need to restock our thing run out and we need to restock our thing run out and we need to restock our thing because all that unlimited ice cream because all that unlimited ice cream because all that unlimited ice cream means all that unlimited ice cream. If means all that unlimited ice cream. If means all that unlimited ice cream. If you're a parent, you know. So, we've got you're a parent, you know. So, we've got you're a parent, you know. So, we've got that. I've got little hooks. So, these that. I've got little hooks. So, these that. I've got little hooks. So, these are great for hanging your hat on the are great for hanging your hat on the are great for hanging your hat on the wall. You can do your lanyards, anything wall. You can do your lanyards, anything wall. You can do your lanyards, anything like that. So, that one is super helpful like that. So, that one is super helpful like that. So, that one is super helpful for smaller ones. So, you want multiple for smaller ones. So, you want multiple for smaller ones. So, you want multiple sizes of those. They're just like your sizes of those. They're just like your sizes of those. They're just like your best friend. I thought that was the most best friend. I thought that was the most best friend. I thought that was the most overhyped thing when people when I first overhyped thing when people when I first overhyped thing when people when I first started consuming cruise content for our started consuming cruise content for our started consuming cruise content for our first cruise. And then we went on our first cruise. And then we went on our first cruise. And then we went on our cruise and I'm like, I get why that is cruise and I'm like, I get why that is cruise and I'm like, I get why that is the tip that everyone shares because it the tip that everyone shares because it the tip that everyone shares because it is that good. So, help me help you. And is that good. So, help me help you. And is that good. So, help me help you. And I also love that these velcro off so I also love that these velcro off so I also love that these velcro off so like you can take them with you. Inside like you can take them with you. Inside like you can take them with you. Inside of this, we have our stateateroom decor. of this, we have our stateateroom decor. of this, we have our stateateroom decor. So, we got some little magnets for the So, we got some little magnets for the So, we got some little magnets for the door. Fun little Disney ones. And then door. Fun little Disney ones. And then door. Fun little Disney ones. And then we also have our fish extender. Like I we also have our fish extender. Like I we also have our fish extender. Like I talked about earlier, this hangs outside talked about earlier, this hangs outside talked about earlier, this hangs outside of your door. There is already um with of your door. There is already um with of your door. There is already um with your stateateroom number. It's like a your stateateroom number. It's like a your stateateroom number. It's like a little design and you can basically hook little design and you can basically hook little design and you can basically hook it to that. So, you don't have to take a it to that. So, you don't have to take a it to that. So, you don't have to take a hook. You cannot use command hooks on a hook. You cannot use command hooks on a hook. You cannot use command hooks on a Disney cruise either. So, if you're Disney cruise either. So, if you're Disney cruise either. So, if you're decorating your stateateroom, it has to decorating your stateateroom, it has to decorating your stateateroom, it has to be magnetic be magnetic be magnetic or magnetic. That's it. So, that's all or magnetic. That's it. So, that's all or magnetic. That's it. So, that's all you can do to your door. It's you can do to your door. It's you can do to your door. It's magnetized. So, here you go. This is magnetized. So, here you go. This is magnetized. So, here you go. This is gonna hang. And so it has a hook so you gonna hang. And so it has a hook so you gonna hang. And so it has a hook so you don't have to worry about taking don't have to worry about taking don't have to worry about taking anything. But yeah, that's that's the anything. But yeah, that's that's the anything. But yeah, that's that's the situation for that. And then our other situation for that. And then our other situation for that. And then our other room decor other than all the magnets room decor other than all the magnets room decor other than all the magnets that will stick to the door are these that will stick to the door are these that will stick to the door are these fun little Mickey Mouse lights. So we fun little Mickey Mouse lights. So we fun little Mickey Mouse lights. So we use these as stroller lights. We use use these as stroller lights. We use use these as stroller lights. We use these as window decor sometimes. We'll these as window decor sometimes. We'll these as window decor sometimes. We'll use them on our stateateroom door, but use them on our stateateroom door, but use them on our stateateroom door, but they're just shaped like little they're just shaped like little they're just shaped like little Mickey's. And there you go. So we've got Mickey's. And there you go. So we've got Mickey's. And there you go. So we've got that a little bit of stateateroom decor. that a little bit of stateateroom decor. that a little bit of stateateroom decor. The girls love decorating the door. You The girls love decorating the door. You The girls love decorating the door. You can get a pack of magnets on Amazon for can get a pack of magnets on Amazon for can get a pack of magnets on Amazon for like 10 bucks. And it is going to be the like 10 bucks. And it is going to be the like 10 bucks. And it is going to be the most magical 10 bucks you'll spend for most magical 10 bucks you'll spend for most magical 10 bucks you'll spend for your kids in getting to do that. They your kids in getting to do that. They your kids in getting to do that. They get so excited. They can see their get so excited. They can see their get so excited. They can see their stateateroom. Like it's easy to know stateateroom. Like it's easy to know stateateroom. Like it's easy to know like this is ours and it's just super like this is ours and it's just super like this is ours and it's just super fun. So if you're into that sort of fun. So if you're into that sort of fun. So if you're into that sort of thing, again, it's nothing you have to thing, again, it's nothing you have to thing, again, it's nothing you have to do. It's not like a requirement, but it do. It's not like a requirement, but it do. It's not like a requirement, but it is fun and it just adds some of that is fun and it just adds some of that is fun and it just adds some of that cruise energy to it. So if you're into cruise energy to it. So if you're into cruise energy to it. So if you're into that sort of thing, there you go. That that sort of thing, there you go. That that sort of thing, there you go. That is that. Next up, we've got laundry. is that. Next up, we've got laundry. is that. Next up, we've got laundry. We're almost to the bottom. We've got We're almost to the bottom. We've got We're almost to the bottom. We've got the laundry pack. So, I can literally the laundry pack. So, I can literally the laundry pack. So, I can literally grab this and go do laundry. So, in this grab this and go do laundry. So, in this grab this and go do laundry. So, in this we have laundry sheets. I love taking we have laundry sheets. I love taking we have laundry sheets. I love taking these because they are not liquid and these because they are not liquid and these because they are not liquid and Miss Mouths is the best. If you've used Miss Mouths is the best. If you've used Miss Mouths is the best. If you've used their stain spray, it's amazing. If their stain spray, it's amazing. If their stain spray, it's amazing. If you've not tried these, they're just as you've not tried these, they're just as you've not tried these, they're just as amazing. So, we've got the stain spray amazing. So, we've got the stain spray amazing. So, we've got the stain spray and this for doing laundry. I have a and this for doing laundry. I have a and this for doing laundry. I have a hook that we can hang up either in the hook that we can hang up either in the hook that we can hang up either in the bathroom if we needed extra space or you bathroom if we needed extra space or you bathroom if we needed extra space or you can use this little bungee out on your can use this little bungee out on your can use this little bungee out on your veranda to dry things. You've been on veranda to dry things. You've been on veranda to dry things. You've been on the beach, you've been at the pool, you the beach, you've been at the pool, you the beach, you've been at the pool, you can use that for a little bit. You can't can use that for a little bit. You can't can use that for a little bit. You can't leave it out there unattended from what leave it out there unattended from what leave it out there unattended from what I understand, but you can use it and I understand, but you can use it and I understand, but you can use it and like hang it on the chairs or whatever like hang it on the chairs or whatever like hang it on the chairs or whatever for the time being. And then having a for the time being. And then having a for the time being. And then having a laundry hamper is so helpful. I don't laundry hamper is so helpful. I don't laundry hamper is so helpful. I don't care if you do laundry on vacation or care if you do laundry on vacation or care if you do laundry on vacation or you don't do laundry on vacation, this you don't do laundry on vacation, this you don't do laundry on vacation, this is still like a mustpack thing. This is is still like a mustpack thing. This is is still like a mustpack thing. This is a sortter. I like to do laundry. I'm a sortter. I like to do laundry. I'm a sortter. I like to do laundry. I'm also into sorting things because I also into sorting things because I also into sorting things because I understand the internet says you can understand the internet says you can understand the internet says you can just throw it all together. Every time I just throw it all together. Every time I just throw it all together. Every time I do that, something I love gets ruined. do that, something I love gets ruined. do that, something I love gets ruined. So, I just don't even trust that So, I just don't even trust that So, I just don't even trust that anymore. But, we've got the laundry. So, anymore. But, we've got the laundry. So, anymore. But, we've got the laundry. So, this is something that always comes with this is something that always comes with this is something that always comes with us on every single trip, no matter what. us on every single trip, no matter what. us on every single trip, no matter what. I'm a weird laundry on vacation person, I'm a weird laundry on vacation person, I'm a weird laundry on vacation person, but you know, that's just me. It's okay. but you know, that's just me. It's okay. but you know, that's just me. It's okay. So, we've got that last bit. And all So, we've got that last bit. And all So, we've got that last bit. And all this is gonna like roll up in this nice this is gonna like roll up in this nice this is gonna like roll up in this nice little burrito and go in that suitcase. little burrito and go in that suitcase. little burrito and go in that suitcase. We have our sound machine. Um, we have We have our sound machine. Um, we have We have our sound machine. Um, we have two. I have the smaller travel one that two. I have the smaller travel one that two. I have the smaller travel one that we can use. We could use that one or I we can use. We could use that one or I we can use. We could use that one or I can just not take this one and I may not can just not take this one and I may not can just not take this one and I may not take this one, but I just wanted to show take this one, but I just wanted to show take this one, but I just wanted to show this one and because it's great for this one and because it's great for this one and because it's great for having a nightlight. If you need a having a nightlight. If you need a having a nightlight. If you need a nightlight in your stateateroom, this is nightlight in your stateateroom, this is nightlight in your stateateroom, this is fantastic for that. So, you can tap the fantastic for that. So, you can tap the fantastic for that. So, you can tap the top. It glows. if especially if you have top. It glows. if especially if you have top. It glows. if especially if you have a little one and you're needing to get a little one and you're needing to get a little one and you're needing to get up and down in the night, this thing has up and down in the night, this thing has up and down in the night, this thing has been such a ride or die since my girls been such a ride or die since my girls been such a ride or die since my girls were babies and so it is that good. The were babies and so it is that good. The were babies and so it is that good. The sound is fantastic for an inexpensive sound is fantastic for an inexpensive sound is fantastic for an inexpensive sound machine. It is so good. Like you sound machine. It is so good. Like you sound machine. It is so good. Like you don't have to spend like hundred plus don't have to spend like hundred plus don't have to spend like hundred plus dollars on a really good sound machine. dollars on a really good sound machine. dollars on a really good sound machine. This one sounds fantastic. Um so we've This one sounds fantastic. Um so we've This one sounds fantastic. Um so we've got that. I have our fan. It is a got that. I have our fan. It is a got that. I have our fan. It is a rechargeable USB plug-in fan. It's rechargeable USB plug-in fan. It's rechargeable USB plug-in fan. It's great. It's nice to just have some air great. It's nice to just have some air great. It's nice to just have some air moving it. The stateaterooms are air moving it. The stateaterooms are air moving it. The stateaterooms are air conditioned, but if you're a fan person, conditioned, but if you're a fan person, conditioned, but if you're a fan person, you get it. Like you just sometimes you you get it. Like you just sometimes you you get it. Like you just sometimes you need that air just like blasting on you. need that air just like blasting on you. need that air just like blasting on you. Um my husband is a fan person and so it Um my husband is a fan person and so it Um my husband is a fan person and so it can be short. You can set it on can be short. You can set it on can be short. You can set it on tabletop, but if you don't have a tabletop, but if you don't have a tabletop, but if you don't have a tabletop or countertop you can set it tabletop or countertop you can set it tabletop or countertop you can set it on, then it will extend. So it works on, then it will extend. So it works on, then it will extend. So it works great. You've got the little button great. You've got the little button great. You've got the little button right here. It has three different right here. It has three different right here. It has three different speeds, which is great. So I So I cannot speeds, which is great. So I So I cannot speeds, which is great. So I So I cannot recommend this one enough. I love that recommend this one enough. I love that recommend this one enough. I love that it's so versatile because some of them it's so versatile because some of them it's so versatile because some of them you're stuck sitting it on like a you're stuck sitting it on like a you're stuck sitting it on like a tabletop or a nightstand and the tabletop or a nightstand and the tabletop or a nightstand and the nightstands in the cruise ship are not nightstands in the cruise ship are not nightstands in the cruise ship are not very large. So if you've got your phone very large. So if you've got your phone very large. So if you've got your phone there and you charging your watch and there and you charging your watch and there and you charging your watch and anything else like it fills up fast. So anything else like it fills up fast. So anything else like it fills up fast. So this having a space is great. But that this having a space is great. But that this having a space is great. But that is that for the organizer. That's what is that for the organizer. That's what is that for the organizer. That's what we have. So, I'm going to roll this up we have. So, I'm going to roll this up we have. So, I'm going to roll this up in that nice burrito we just talked in that nice burrito we just talked in that nice burrito we just talked about. about. about. Like so. And all this is going to be Like so. And all this is going to be Like so. And all this is going to be ready. So, as soon as I get to the ready. So, as soon as I get to the ready. So, as soon as I get to the stateateroom, what is great about this stateateroom, what is great about this stateateroom, what is great about this is I can put those big metal hooks on is I can put those big metal hooks on is I can put those big metal hooks on the wall, hook the thing on it, and the wall, hook the thing on it, and the wall, hook the thing on it, and we're done. Like, that is setting up the we're done. Like, that is setting up the we're done. Like, that is setting up the stateateroom. It's not spending all this stateateroom. It's not spending all this stateateroom. It's not spending all this time organizing and doing all this stuff time organizing and doing all this stuff time organizing and doing all this stuff because I've done future me a favor. And because I've done future me a favor. And because I've done future me a favor. And I am ready for cruise mode. Like, let's I am ready for cruise mode. Like, let's I am ready for cruise mode. Like, let's go. Play the horn, Mickey. We're going. go. Play the horn, Mickey. We're going. go. Play the horn, Mickey. We're going. And just as an update, this is where And just as an update, this is where And just as an update, this is where we're at. So, we've got the our we're at. So, we've got the our we're at. So, we've got the our stateateroom roll there. We've got the stateateroom roll there. We've got the stateateroom roll there. We've got the shoe packing cube, shoe packing cube, shoe packing cube, shoe packing cube, shoe packing cube, shoe packing cube, and space left over right there. So, and space left over right there. So, and space left over right there. So, we're getting good. And I feel like as we're getting good. And I feel like as we're getting good. And I feel like as the bed starts to clear, we're looking the bed starts to clear, we're looking the bed starts to clear, we're looking good. So, we've got clothes. So, we've good. So, we've got clothes. So, we've good. So, we've got clothes. So, we've got a suitcase that we got to deal with. got a suitcase that we got to deal with. got a suitcase that we got to deal with. We're going to talk about that in a We're going to talk about that in a We're going to talk about that in a second. But, as far as the extras of second. But, as far as the extras of second. But, as far as the extras of packing beyond your clothing and your packing beyond your clothing and your packing beyond your clothing and your toiletries, we're getting down to the toiletries, we're getting down to the toiletries, we're getting down to the last few things. So, I do need to toss last few things. So, I do need to toss last few things. So, I do need to toss this in. This is my giant phone holder this in. This is my giant phone holder this in. This is my giant phone holder that is waterproof. Use this at the that is waterproof. Use this at the that is waterproof. Use this at the water park. Use this at the beach. Use water park. Use this at the beach. Use water park. Use this at the beach. Use it at the pool. It is fantastic. I can it at the pool. It is fantastic. I can it at the pool. It is fantastic. I can film with this. And it actually gets film with this. And it actually gets film with this. And it actually gets decent audio through it. So, that's kind decent audio through it. So, that's kind decent audio through it. So, that's kind of shocking. But, we've got that. I've of shocking. But, we've got that. I've of shocking. But, we've got that. I've got my Sling carrier that I'm going to got my Sling carrier that I'm going to got my Sling carrier that I'm going to take. As far as a carrier goes, this is take. As far as a carrier goes, this is take. As far as a carrier goes, this is my favorite. We can still use that even my favorite. We can still use that even my favorite. We can still use that even with our four-year-old and she's like, I with our four-year-old and she's like, I with our four-year-old and she's like, I don't want to walk. So, we still have don't want to walk. So, we still have don't want to walk. So, we still have those moments occasionally. So, we're those moments occasionally. So, we're those moments occasionally. So, we're just have that. It is the best, most just have that. It is the best, most just have that. It is the best, most helpful thing. If you don't take helpful thing. If you don't take helpful thing. If you don't take anything else away from that and you anything else away from that and you anything else away from that and you have a clingy kid, that is the one have a clingy kid, that is the one have a clingy kid, that is the one thing. And then we do take wet bags. So, thing. And then we do take wet bags. So, thing. And then we do take wet bags. So, these are going to go in the suitcase these are going to go in the suitcase these are going to go in the suitcase for now, but we'll toss them into our for now, but we'll toss them into our for now, but we'll toss them into our imbarcation day bag, either my husband's imbarcation day bag, either my husband's imbarcation day bag, either my husband's backpack or my tote bag. Each one is a backpack or my tote bag. Each one is a backpack or my tote bag. Each one is a different one for each child. So, I have different one for each child. So, I have different one for each child. So, I have a second or I have a backup pair of a second or I have a backup pair of a second or I have a backup pair of clothes. So, if we go to the buffet and clothes. So, if we go to the buffet and clothes. So, if we go to the buffet and we eat and they get nasty or like we eat and they get nasty or like we eat and they get nasty or like something happens, somebody spills something happens, somebody spills something happens, somebody spills something, we have a backup for each of something, we have a backup for each of something, we have a backup for each of them. And then I like to keep an extra them. And then I like to keep an extra them. And then I like to keep an extra for travel days, backup, like all that for travel days, backup, like all that for travel days, backup, like all that good stuff with us because I feel like good stuff with us because I feel like good stuff with us because I feel like something always gets wet and you need something always gets wet and you need something always gets wet and you need somewhere to put it cuz you don't want somewhere to put it cuz you don't want somewhere to put it cuz you don't want it in your bag getting everything else it in your bag getting everything else it in your bag getting everything else wet. So, we're going to do that. Post wet. So, we're going to do that. Post wet. So, we're going to do that. Post cruise. I am tossing these into the cruise. I am tossing these into the cruise. I am tossing these into the suitcase cuz we will be at Disney and suitcase cuz we will be at Disney and suitcase cuz we will be at Disney and it's supposed to get a little cooler it's supposed to get a little cooler it's supposed to get a little cooler there down into the 40s after our there down into the 40s after our there down into the 40s after our cruise. It's supposed to be in the 80s cruise. It's supposed to be in the 80s cruise. It's supposed to be in the 80s before and then down into the 40s after. before and then down into the 40s after. before and then down into the 40s after. So, I like to take our little hand So, I like to take our little hand So, I like to take our little hand warmers in that instance. And then last warmers in that instance. And then last warmers in that instance. And then last but not least, I am taking our rain but not least, I am taking our rain but not least, I am taking our rain jackets. So, these things just need to jackets. So, these things just need to jackets. So, these things just need to be go need to go in the suitcase. And be go need to go in the suitcase. And be go need to go in the suitcase. And then, like everything else, I just need then, like everything else, I just need then, like everything else, I just need to throw these back in the closet. to throw these back in the closet. to throw these back in the closet. That's his travel day bag. And we're That's his travel day bag. And we're That's his travel day bag. And we're left with the clothes. And this is going left with the clothes. And this is going left with the clothes. And this is going to fly. Now we have made it to the outfits for Now we have made it to the outfits for Now we have made it to the outfits for the cruise. So I'm using this suitcase the cruise. So I'm using this suitcase the cruise. So I'm using this suitcase that kind of stands and opens. So that kind of stands and opens. So that kind of stands and opens. So usually I use hanging packing cubes, but usually I use hanging packing cubes, but usually I use hanging packing cubes, but this time with having this suitcase, I this time with having this suitcase, I this time with having this suitcase, I am using this one instead cuz we can am using this one instead cuz we can am using this one instead cuz we can just like hinge it open, grab what we just like hinge it open, grab what we just like hinge it open, grab what we need to out and not have to worry about. need to out and not have to worry about. need to out and not have to worry about. It can stay completely organized. So, It can stay completely organized. So, It can stay completely organized. So, for this, I'm putting in for this, I'm putting in for this, I'm putting in I'm going to put in our stacks of I'm going to put in our stacks of I'm going to put in our stacks of clothes and just kind of pile them into clothes and just kind of pile them into clothes and just kind of pile them into this. And that way, we can grab the this. And that way, we can grab the this. And that way, we can grab the entire family's stack of that outfit. entire family's stack of that outfit. entire family's stack of that outfit. I'm an outfit planner for one. I think I'm an outfit planner for one. I think I'm an outfit planner for one. I think it looks cute. I think it's fun. But it looks cute. I think it's fun. But it looks cute. I think it's fun. But then it also has the practicality then it also has the practicality then it also has the practicality purpose of you've intentionally picked purpose of you've intentionally picked purpose of you've intentionally picked out everything before you go. So you're out everything before you go. So you're out everything before you go. So you're not just packing seven t-shirts and four not just packing seven t-shirts and four not just packing seven t-shirts and four tank tops and six pairs of shorts just tank tops and six pairs of shorts just tank tops and six pairs of shorts just because it's on some packing list and because it's on some packing list and because it's on some packing list and you've just like checked all these you've just like checked all these you've just like checked all these things off, but having this kind of things off, but having this kind of things off, but having this kind of honed down all of that cuz then you're honed down all of that cuz then you're honed down all of that cuz then you're also not making decisions and you just also not making decisions and you just also not making decisions and you just pull it out and you're like, "Okay, it's pull it out and you're like, "Okay, it's pull it out and you're like, "Okay, it's Elsa and Anna dinner night. This is what Elsa and Anna dinner night. This is what Elsa and Anna dinner night. This is what we're wearing. It's pirate night. It's we're wearing. It's pirate night. It's we're wearing. It's pirate night. It's um beach day or whatever." And you just um beach day or whatever." And you just um beach day or whatever." And you just you pull those clothes out. You can take you pull those clothes out. You can take you pull those clothes out. You can take a backup or two if you want to depending a backup or two if you want to depending a backup or two if you want to depending on what your preference is, the stage of on what your preference is, the stage of on what your preference is, the stage of life. If your kids having blowouts and life. If your kids having blowouts and life. If your kids having blowouts and all those things, obviously you you'll all those things, obviously you you'll all those things, obviously you you'll want some backups. But as far as just want some backups. But as far as just want some backups. But as far as just being intentional, it really does help being intentional, it really does help being intentional, it really does help with minimizing all that so you're not with minimizing all that so you're not with minimizing all that so you're not overwhelmed with a bunch of extra stuff overwhelmed with a bunch of extra stuff overwhelmed with a bunch of extra stuff in your stateateroom that you're just in your stateateroom that you're just in your stateateroom that you're just not using. So for us, this is what we're not using. So for us, this is what we're not using. So for us, this is what we're going to use. As I'm doing this, since I going to use. As I'm doing this, since I going to use. As I'm doing this, since I put my pack with me up after our trip, put my pack with me up after our trip, put my pack with me up after our trip, I'm going to try to put up a photo of I'm going to try to put up a photo of I'm going to try to put up a photo of like the outfit so you can like visually like the outfit so you can like visually like the outfit so you can like visually see it instead of just like here's what see it instead of just like here's what see it instead of just like here's what I'm taking pile of gloves. Um, so this I'm taking pile of gloves. Um, so this I'm taking pile of gloves. Um, so this is our Christmas on the cruise outfits. is our Christmas on the cruise outfits. is our Christmas on the cruise outfits. So these are what we're going to wear on So these are what we're going to wear on So these are what we're going to wear on our like Christmas cruise night. I will our like Christmas cruise night. I will our like Christmas cruise night. I will I'm wearing this hopefully as long as I'm wearing this hopefully as long as I'm wearing this hopefully as long as our pirate night doesn't line up as this our pirate night doesn't line up as this our pirate night doesn't line up as this same night. But we're going to do our same night. But we're going to do our same night. But we're going to do our Christmas night Christmas outfits on the Christmas night Christmas outfits on the Christmas night Christmas outfits on the same night that we're dining at 1923, same night that we're dining at 1923, same night that we're dining at 1923, which is on a cruise ship. Next up is which is on a cruise ship. Next up is which is on a cruise ship. Next up is our pirate night outfit. So this is what our pirate night outfit. So this is what our pirate night outfit. So this is what we are wearing. I got the girls little we are wearing. I got the girls little we are wearing. I got the girls little pirate dresses. Inexpensive. We've got pirate dresses. Inexpensive. We've got pirate dresses. Inexpensive. We've got little like piratey themed outfits. You little like piratey themed outfits. You little like piratey themed outfits. You will see everything from people in a will see everything from people in a will see everything from people in a t-shirt that says I'm a pirate or you t-shirt that says I'm a pirate or you t-shirt that says I'm a pirate or you will literally see Captain Jack Sparrow. will literally see Captain Jack Sparrow. will literally see Captain Jack Sparrow. We're not talking about Captain Jack We're not talking about Captain Jack We're not talking about Captain Jack Sparrow from the movie Walking Around. Sparrow from the movie Walking Around. Sparrow from the movie Walking Around. We're talking about somebody that looks We're talking about somebody that looks We're talking about somebody that looks like they just walked out of hair and like they just walked out of hair and like they just walked out of hair and makeup and wardrobe because they just makeup and wardrobe because they just makeup and wardrobe because they just left the scene of it. Like they're left the scene of it. Like they're left the scene of it. Like they're literally dressed like to the nines. literally dressed like to the nines. literally dressed like to the nines. Like makeup, the outfit like it looks Like makeup, the outfit like it looks Like makeup, the outfit like it looks like they bought it from Captain Jack like they bought it from Captain Jack like they bought it from Captain Jack Sparrow's like Facebook Marketplace Sparrow's like Facebook Marketplace Sparrow's like Facebook Marketplace post. Like seriously, they look like post. Like seriously, they look like post. Like seriously, they look like they have his clothing. Um, but you're they have his clothing. Um, but you're they have his clothing. Um, but you're going to have all kinds. So, for us, going to have all kinds. So, for us, going to have all kinds. So, for us, this is our like our fun pirate night this is our like our fun pirate night this is our like our fun pirate night attire that we will be wearing for that. attire that we will be wearing for that. attire that we will be wearing for that. And again, it's just going to be in And again, it's just going to be in And again, it's just going to be in little stacks. And I can just pull these little stacks. And I can just pull these little stacks. And I can just pull these out. We've got our out. We've got our out. We've got our Elsa and Anna Knight in Arendelle for Elsa and Anna Knight in Arendelle for Elsa and Anna Knight in Arendelle for when we dine there. We've got our when we dine there. We've got our when we dine there. We've got our outfits going on for that. Got that outfits going on for that. Got that outfits going on for that. Got that stack that is also here. Have the girls stack that is also here. Have the girls stack that is also here. Have the girls their little Elsa dresses. These are so their little Elsa dresses. These are so their little Elsa dresses. These are so inexpensive, these princess dresses. inexpensive, these princess dresses. inexpensive, these princess dresses. They're from Walmart. $10, you guys. So, They're from Walmart. $10, you guys. So, They're from Walmart. $10, you guys. So, when they become play condition and when they become play condition and when they become play condition and there's like tomato sauce spilled all there's like tomato sauce spilled all there's like tomato sauce spilled all down it, it's a lot less of a big deal. down it, it's a lot less of a big deal. down it, it's a lot less of a big deal. So, if you're looking for budget So, if you're looking for budget So, if you're looking for budget friendly, affordable options, I will friendly, affordable options, I will friendly, affordable options, I will link those down below. So cute. So link those down below. So cute. So link those down below. So cute. So adorable. So, there you go. There's adorable. So, there you go. There's adorable. So, there you go. There's that. And then I do have our post that. And then I do have our post that. And then I do have our post cruise. I probably should have put this cruise. I probably should have put this cruise. I probably should have put this on the bottom. I'm going to shuffle this on the bottom. I'm going to shuffle this on the bottom. I'm going to shuffle this to the bottom. But this is our post to the bottom. But this is our post to the bottom. But this is our post cruise day at Disney. So, we've got kind cruise day at Disney. So, we've got kind cruise day at Disney. So, we've got kind of Christmy outfits. It'll be our last of Christmy outfits. It'll be our last of Christmy outfits. It'll be our last day at Christmas at Disney. And so I day at Christmas at Disney. And so I day at Christmas at Disney. And so I don't know what we're doing yet. We don't know what we're doing yet. We don't know what we're doing yet. We haven't officially decided. We're still haven't officially decided. We're still haven't officially decided. We're still talking amongst ourselves. But talking amongst ourselves. But talking amongst ourselves. But yeah, this is this is what we got. yeah, this is this is what we got. yeah, this is this is what we got. Right. Next stack. It's a little bit Right. Next stack. It's a little bit Right. Next stack. It's a little bit smaller stack, but this is our castaway smaller stack, but this is our castaway smaller stack, but this is our castaway day. So this is going to be got some day. So this is going to be got some day. So this is going to be got some little like throw on princess dresses. little like throw on princess dresses. little like throw on princess dresses. just easy breezy stuff for throwing on just easy breezy stuff for throwing on just easy breezy stuff for throwing on to run around the ship or even throwing to run around the ship or even throwing to run around the ship or even throwing on over like swimsuits and stuff to get on over like swimsuits and stuff to get on over like swimsuits and stuff to get off the ship. So that is what we are off the ship. So that is what we are off the ship. So that is what we are taking for that day. I have these for taking for that day. I have these for taking for that day. I have these for our Nassau day. So just t-shirt, shorts, our Nassau day. So just t-shirt, shorts, our Nassau day. So just t-shirt, shorts, cutesy, comfy little daytime clothes and cutesy, comfy little daytime clothes and cutesy, comfy little daytime clothes and then we'll be able to change into our then we'll be able to change into our then we'll be able to change into our other clothes for the evening. other clothes for the evening. other clothes for the evening. And then our debarcation disembarkcation And then our debarcation disembarkcation And then our debarcation disembarkcation day. I have these clothes comfy. It is day. I have these clothes comfy. It is day. I have these clothes comfy. It is going to be a little cooler that day um going to be a little cooler that day um going to be a little cooler that day um when we get off our ship as far as the when we get off our ship as far as the when we get off our ship as far as the weather goes. I think the high is 60. weather goes. I think the high is 60. weather goes. I think the high is 60. So, it's not going to be cold, but it's So, it's not going to be cold, but it's So, it's not going to be cold, but it's not going to be just like t-shirt and not going to be just like t-shirt and not going to be just like t-shirt and shorts. At least for us in our family, shorts. At least for us in our family, shorts. At least for us in our family, like that's just not it for us. So, like that's just not it for us. So, like that's just not it for us. So, definitely check the weather and kind of definitely check the weather and kind of definitely check the weather and kind of know your ranges. So, this is what we're know your ranges. So, this is what we're know your ranges. So, this is what we're wearing for us. Cute, comfy, and that is wearing for us. Cute, comfy, and that is wearing for us. Cute, comfy, and that is going to go with that. going to go with that. going to go with that. I'm going to have their pajamas in mine I'm going to have their pajamas in mine I'm going to have their pajamas in mine that I'm going to put into this top that I'm going to put into this top that I'm going to put into this top section. And then I have this little roll up. So, And then I have this little roll up. So, And then I have this little roll up. So, I love this for the crew. So, I am team I love this for the crew. So, I am team I love this for the crew. So, I am team packing cube all the way. If you're packing cube all the way. If you're packing cube all the way. If you're staying in a regular hotel with drawers staying in a regular hotel with drawers staying in a regular hotel with drawers and like dressers and things, you can and like dressers and things, you can and like dressers and things, you can pull them out, lay it all out, you can pull them out, lay it all out, you can pull them out, lay it all out, you can open the drawer, see what you have. But open the drawer, see what you have. But open the drawer, see what you have. But with not having drawer space in the with not having drawer space in the with not having drawer space in the stateateroom, having things that can stateateroom, having things that can stateateroom, having things that can hang is amazing. So, we've got all of hang is amazing. So, we've got all of hang is amazing. So, we've got all of our extra t-shirt for the girls. I've our extra t-shirt for the girls. I've our extra t-shirt for the girls. I've got under shorts, like little bike got under shorts, like little bike got under shorts, like little bike shorts that can go under their dresses. shorts that can go under their dresses. shorts that can go under their dresses. We've got socks, underwear, all the We've got socks, underwear, all the We've got socks, underwear, all the things here. And then I need to get my things here. And then I need to get my things here. And then I need to get my unmentionables out of the washer. Doing unmentionables out of the washer. Doing unmentionables out of the washer. Doing one last round of laundry. And then I've one last round of laundry. And then I've one last round of laundry. And then I've got socks and other unmentionables here. got socks and other unmentionables here. got socks and other unmentionables here. Um, so we've got all of that, but it Um, so we've got all of that, but it Um, so we've got all of that, but it literally just folds up like so. And literally just folds up like so. And literally just folds up like so. And that's going to slide into this pocket that's going to slide into this pocket that's going to slide into this pocket over here on this side of the suitcase. over here on this side of the suitcase. over here on this side of the suitcase. Then I can just open that up, pull it Then I can just open that up, pull it Then I can just open that up, pull it out, hang it up in the closet. And out, hang it up in the closet. And out, hang it up in the closet. And again, setting up the stateateroom is again, setting up the stateateroom is again, setting up the stateateroom is going to fly because on imbarcation day, going to fly because on imbarcation day, going to fly because on imbarcation day, we do like to take a few minutes, set up we do like to take a few minutes, set up we do like to take a few minutes, set up the stateateroom, hang up the organizer, the stateateroom, hang up the organizer, the stateateroom, hang up the organizer, hang up, get these things out, open up hang up, get these things out, open up hang up, get these things out, open up the suitcase. So we'll probably just set the suitcase. So we'll probably just set the suitcase. So we'll probably just set this in the closet, unzip it so we can this in the closet, unzip it so we can this in the closet, unzip it so we can grab things out as we need to. But it's grab things out as we need to. But it's grab things out as we need to. But it's nice to take those few minutes, set it nice to take those few minutes, set it nice to take those few minutes, set it up, whether you're there for three up, whether you're there for three up, whether you're there for three nights, seven nights, two nights, nights, seven nights, two nights, nights, seven nights, two nights, whatever. Just kind of having your whatever. Just kind of having your whatever. Just kind of having your bearings of the room is really helpful. bearings of the room is really helpful. bearings of the room is really helpful. But there's a lot to do on imbarcation But there's a lot to do on imbarcation But there's a lot to do on imbarcation day. It is the most exciting, most day. It is the most exciting, most day. It is the most exciting, most packed I feel like day that you have on packed I feel like day that you have on packed I feel like day that you have on your cruise cuz there's so much to do. your cruise cuz there's so much to do. your cruise cuz there's so much to do. There's so much exploring that you can There's so much exploring that you can There's so much exploring that you can do and you're just kind of getting your do and you're just kind of getting your do and you're just kind of getting your bearings. especially if it's the first bearings. especially if it's the first bearings. especially if it's the first time on the ship, then it takes a minute time on the ship, then it takes a minute time on the ship, then it takes a minute to like figure everything out and it to like figure everything out and it to like figure everything out and it takes you longer to do things. So, takes you longer to do things. So, takes you longer to do things. So, having this ready to go and organized having this ready to go and organized having this ready to go and organized for the trip just makes such a huge huge for the trip just makes such a huge huge for the trip just makes such a huge huge difference. And then the last thing that difference. And then the last thing that difference. And then the last thing that I'm taking, but I'm not going to I'm taking, but I'm not going to I'm taking, but I'm not going to actually pack these. I thought about it, actually pack these. I thought about it, actually pack these. I thought about it, but then I'm like, as I'm about to put but then I'm like, as I'm about to put but then I'm like, as I'm about to put this in the suitcase, I'm like, wait a this in the suitcase, I'm like, wait a this in the suitcase, I'm like, wait a minute, these would be great. So, I have minute, these would be great. So, I have minute, these would be great. So, I have a cardigan that I'm going to take my for a cardigan that I'm going to take my for a cardigan that I'm going to take my for myself. I'm going to wear this on our myself. I'm going to wear this on our myself. I'm going to wear this on our travel day as an extra layer for one. travel day as an extra layer for one. travel day as an extra layer for one. That way, I can have it on the airplane That way, I can have it on the airplane That way, I can have it on the airplane if it's cool getting to the airport, all if it's cool getting to the airport, all if it's cool getting to the airport, all that stuff. It's going to be cold here. that stuff. It's going to be cold here. that stuff. It's going to be cold here. So, we can have that. And then I have So, we can have that. And then I have So, we can have that. And then I have one for each of the girls. Since it is one for each of the girls. Since it is one for each of the girls. Since it is such an early flight, I'm just going to such an early flight, I'm just going to such an early flight, I'm just going to let them sleep and wear their pajamas let them sleep and wear their pajamas let them sleep and wear their pajamas and just fly in their PJs. Their kids, I and just fly in their PJs. Their kids, I and just fly in their PJs. Their kids, I mean, even if you're an adult and you mean, even if you're an adult and you mean, even if you're an adult and you want to fly in your PJs, it is your want to fly in your PJs, it is your want to fly in your PJs, it is your prerogative. I mean, whatever you do prerogative. I mean, whatever you do prerogative. I mean, whatever you do you. But we can throw those on those you. But we can throw those on those you. But we can throw those on those little cardigans and then be ready to go little cardigans and then be ready to go little cardigans and then be ready to go to the airport. But that's going to do to the airport. But that's going to do to the airport. But that's going to do it for this. I am just going to snap it for this. I am just going to snap it for this. I am just going to snap these closed and we're going to be ready these closed and we're going to be ready these closed and we're going to be ready to set sail. Like I can literally hear to set sail. Like I can literally hear to set sail. Like I can literally hear the song. Let's set sail. And I'm like the song. Let's set sail. And I'm like the song. Let's set sail. And I'm like so ready, you guys. So excited. Hope you so ready, you guys. So excited. Hope you so ready, you guys. So excited. Hope you guys got something out of this. It was guys got something out of this. It was guys got something out of this. It was helpful. If you're getting ready for a helpful. If you're getting ready for a helpful. If you're getting ready for a cruise, you'll have to let me know your cruise, you'll have to let me know your cruise, you'll have to let me know your cruise countdown, which ship you're cruise countdown, which ship you're cruise countdown, which ship you're going on. If you have a favorite ship, going on. If you have a favorite ship, going on. If you have a favorite ship, if you've been on multiples, you got to if you've been on multiples, you got to if you've been on multiples, you got to let me know all the details. We have let me know all the details. We have let me know all the details. We have loved our Disney cruises. We've got loved our Disney cruises. We've got loved our Disney cruises. We've got hopefully at some point we can check hopefully at some point we can check hopefully at some point we can check them all off. But we are absolutely them all off. But we are absolutely them all off. But we are absolutely obsessed with Disney cruises. So much obsessed with Disney cruises. So much obsessed with Disney cruises. So much fun. So exciting. But if you enjoyed the fun. So exciting. But if you enjoyed the fun. So exciting. But if you enjoyed the video, don't forget click that thumbs up video, don't forget click that thumbs up video, don't forget click that thumbs up button, red subscribe button if you are button, red subscribe button if you are button, red subscribe button if you are new. We love to have you in our internet new. We love to have you in our internet new. We love to have you in our internet fam. And that is going to do it for this fam. And that is going to do it for this fam. And that is going to do it for this ultimate cruise prep and pack. Know it ultimate cruise prep and pack. Know it ultimate cruise prep and pack. Know it was chatty. Hopefully, you enjoyed the was chatty. Hopefully, you enjoyed the was chatty. Hopefully, you enjoyed the chatty video and we got to hang out and chatty video and we got to hang out and chatty video and we got to hang out and you got some things packed and prepped you got some things packed and prepped you got some things packed and prepped along the way or at least got your to-do along the way or at least got your to-do along the way or at least got your to-do list. Don't forget to write it down. list. Don't forget to write it down. list. Don't forget to write it down. Don't don't just leave it up here in the Don't don't just leave it up here in the Don't don't just leave it up here in the brain. Write it write it down. Have a brain. Write it write it down. Have a brain. Write it write it down. Have a special notebook or something that you special notebook or something that you special notebook or something that you cruise a note in your phone, something. cruise a note in your phone, something. cruise a note in your phone, something. Put it put it down. You just you need to Put it put it down. You just you need to Put it put it down. You just you need to put it down. There's a lot to think put it down. There's a lot to think put it down. There's a lot to think about. So, make sure you do that. But, about. So, make sure you do that. But, about. So, make sure you do that. But, thank you guys so so much for watching. thank you guys so so much for watching. thank you guys so so much for watching. Love you guys. Appreciate you guys so so Love you guys. Appreciate you guys so so Love you guys. Appreciate you guys so so much. And I'll see you right back here much. And I'll see you right back here much. And I'll see you right back here in the next one. Bye. My husband is the in the next one. Bye. My husband is the in the next one. Bye. My husband is the most amazing man in the
