---
video_id: 3hmw0jWWUBA
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "MOM & DADS Disney World Trip | Travel Day"
published: 2025-10-16
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3hmw0jWWUBA
---
So somehow we ended up with exit row seats. [Music] So guys, welcome to this room. Thank you so much cuz we had our king bed and our tub and all the fun things that come along with a onebedroom. So I am really looking forward to this. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] My mouth is watering just thinking about it. I know. It looks really good. Hi. Good morning, you guys, and welcome to our Disney travel day. I am so excited. We are getting ready to walk out of the house. It is 3:56 in the morning. And we got up at 3:30, so we got ready pretty quickly. The just finishing up in the bathroom and then we're going to hit the door. We've got to leave by 4:00, so we got 4 minutes. But I feel like we're we're doing we're on track. This is our adult only trip. This is for my birthday actually cuz we talked about it and we're like, let's go by just by ourselves cuz we've not done that in a year. And for us, like I can't believe we've started doing this. Our very first couple's trip. This was one of those things I'm like I don't know if this will stick and it's been great. Like we love it and it's so nice getting to connect and spend time together. So we are flying down for two nights which is our max. We're like that is about it as far as like time we can be away from our babies. So that's kind of usually our our go-to is a little twoight trip. But we're flying down staying at Sarah's Toga Springs. We are DVC use or DVC owners. So, we're it's early, you guys. Words are hard right now. So, we are using our points snagged us a two-bedroom villa at our home resort, which we are so excited about. I'm like, we get a tub, which is so fun. Um, and then all the other space. We get a king bed. I'm like, this is going to be amazing. I'm so excited. But we better get in the car and head to the airport. We don't have a lot of loose plans. I just have a loose birthday to-do list of like things I would like to do at Disney and just chill. So, these may be a little more laidback. We've been like pretty go with work and stuff lately. So, we're both like we're just we're ready to chill. So, this is going to be a little bit more relaxing. But, let's go to Disney. [Music] [Music] That's all. [Music] Okay, I've never been on one of these moving walkways. Our airport's just never been big enough, but apparently now we're big enough to have a moving walkway. So, here we are. We bi I almost tripped cuz I was like stepping so high cuz I expected it to be like an escalator. Not an escalator. Definitely not an escalator. All right, you guys. We literally walked past Prince's Hot Chicken, which if you're from Nashville is the superior hot chicken. I'm going to be perfectly honest. But or if you come, that's the one you should try. It's the best. But he's like, "No, I think it's too early for hot chicken." And I'm like, "Oh, their chicken's really good." Like, we could get some. They're open. He's like, "No, I don't think so." We get over here. This joker's like, "I'm going to go get a croissant." I went to go get a croissant. I found a panini and they had the Nashville. It's got some hot chicken in there. It's got some cheese. It's got some honey. It looks so good. Good thing I brought my Cheetos. [Music] When you're near. [Music] [Applause] So somehow we ended up with exit row seats. I saw them available. We were boarding the plane and the flight attendant was like sitting in this row like welcoming people aboard and I'm like, "Oh, hey, are these open?" This is never an option cuz we fly with the kids all the time. I'm like, but I feel like we just got up upgraded to first class. We got so much. This is crazy. This I really like. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] When you need money, [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] All right. Welcome to the South. Thank you so much. [Music] [Music] [Applause] This is so soft. Oh my gosh, it's the Saratoga Springs version of the Riviera mug that I got. I love it. $19.99. Okay, we may have to have one for our home resort. [Music] We're going to reach [Music] Sanitiz. How cute will I look with that bag in my hand? You'd never look better. I'll take it. You're a vision washing walking over with those sandwiches. Okay, I'll bet. All right, let's see. What are we doing? Trying to figure out which one's which without opening it. Oh, okay. Now, this is definitely yours. The sticker literally says it on it. Oh, it was definitely a way more fun way to to tell what sandwich was which. So, you know, I got it right. You did. You got it right. I thought you said that was mine. And I was like, "Oh, man." No, I was kidding. I got a nose. Oh, I love my holiday turkey. I'm so glad this is here year round. It's like Christmas and Thanksgiving under a one happy little bun. Brisket. Do I need to do a little juicy thing? Jeez. Oh, so good. Squeeze. It just tastes cozy. That's so good. first floor of the paddock building. So, let me look at the map. Is that one right over here? Uh, no. It's just across from Congress, which is where we usually stayed. We're in the building right next to Carousel. We could have already had our room. You know, we have a hotel. It's nice. We got our room. It's 11:40 basically and we already have our room. So, that's pretty nice knowing. That is very nice. All [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] right, we We have made it to our room. I'm so excited. All checked in. And before lunch, like before, what was it? 12:00 officially. We had our room text, which is awesome. I will take an early room. It's not quite in the building. I wasn't open before. It was hoping for a little closer to Disney Springs, but that's okay. I am happy to be here. We're in our onebedroom, which I am so so excited about. So, cuz we had our king bed and our tub and all the fun things that come along with a onebedroom. So, I am really looking forward to this. But, ooh, I did think it's We're going to take a nap. Okay, watch this. I do love our view, though. This is beautiful. Gorgeous view. Hold on. All right, there we go. Gorgeous view. And you see that building over there? That's where we can get our cupcake. Ooh, true. Very true. Okay, I'm excited. But seriously though, I'm not joking about that nap. I'm like, the more I was sitting there and eating lunch, I'm like, I'm getting sleepier by the second. kind of got a little energy walking into the room and stuff, but I'm like, "Okay, we need we we should take a nap." And we can take a nap and we don't have to be like, "Kids, go to sleep. Stop talking. Stop rolling around. You have to take a nap." We can just take a nap cuz we want to take a nap. But then we're also like every other breath is like, "I miss the girls. They would love this. Look at that little kid that reminds us of ours." I'm like, "Yeah." Yeah. We go and we're like, "Look at this beautiful thing." Basically, we did walk through the art store after Tammy. We were in our Sammy coma. We walk through Launchpad McQuack. Nice to go with Darkling Duck and Gizmo and Moi. Oh, that's not Moi. Figaro. And it's a purple Figaro. Purple Figaro. We have a little girl who loves kitties and the color purple. So, we got that for our collection. So, we like slowly we're very picky about our sketches. Like we look through every single time we're right near any of them, but we're always like, I don't know. I'm not so sure. And then like when we see one that we're like, this is the one and we add to the collection like that, too. I would love to put them up in like our office or something. I think that would be cool. But we're going to take a nap and then we're going to go have some more fun. I'm like, we're just going to enjoy being adult only. This is some of you probably like this is so boring. Listen, it's my birthday weekend and I am having a blast. Thank you very much. So, I'll see you guys postnap. We're out postnap. That felt good. 2 hours. There was one point I woke up and I'm like I could wake up or I could go back to back to sleep. He was still knocked out and I'm like I'm going back to sleep. That answers that question. So, it's like what? 4:30 in the afternoon. Yeah. Well, it's 4:56 now after 456. Yeah. We got ready and got out the door. Um, we're going to walk over to Disney Springs cuz that's just what we do when we stay here. This was our very first resort that we ever stayed at at Disney with Saratoga Springs in a one-bedroom for our honeymoon. And so, we like were instantly spoiled straight out the gate. Um, and we were in Congress Park and so we could literally take what wasn't the walking path. There was no walking path at the time. It was literally walking kind of kind of on the side of the street a little bit. Um, but there was a bridge sort of kind of to get there. But we would literally walk over and go enjoy Disney Springs and hang out over there and go to the parks and do all the things that you do. And it was so fun. So, it's just kind of a bridge. It was you would walk up to the main road and then there was a bridge that the cars walked across and there was a there was a sidewalk. Yeah. So it was there was a sidewalk. Yeah. We weren't like in the street. I promise. No. [Applause] [Laughter] But needless to say, it's just kind of our thing. So we're like, let's walk to Disney Springs. So we're going to walk over there. I one of the things on my birthday checklist is to get a Gideon's cookie butter iced coffee. And that is what she we shall do. I want a peanut butter ice coffee. Let's It's 5:00 in the evening. Let's go get coffee. Why not? It's Disney. [Music] [Applause] [Music] So this is the path. It would keep going and it winds around the curve and then you would walk on the sidewalk along the road. Then that's the bridge we were talking about crossing over there. And that's how we would get to Disney Springs. Also, our room was like right at the end. So, we could literally walk out our door, walk down the stairwell, and we were right here. So, it was like the most convenient placement ever. It'd be even better now. I know it would. It's literally that that spot is golden now. So good. Like we we enjoyed it then, but yeah, it's extra good. I want to come back next year and bring the girls. And I want to stay here cuz it's been so long since we stayed here. I don't know. No, it was after our wish cruise. What? Two, three years ago. Sick. And so it was come here sleep until the next day. Yep. Yep. That m that miserable day. That's why I kind of don't count that one. That was terrible. It was so bad. It was Yeah, that was a rough day. That almost ruined Disney cruises for us. And it was the very first one. [Music] We found Dean's souvenir. It's a pullover. He's a dieh hard bar fan. You need it. That's epic. If they had a Sammy, I would get it and we could be like split. I love the embroidered Mickey on the sleeve. And this is fuzzy. Okay, we need to look at a another large cuz like this one's got some pulling. They do. There's one in the back. And then this has like some sticky to it. But seriously, your hand sticky when you eat these. Yeah, that's the reason I'm sure. So cute. Yeah, this one doesn't have any damage. It's allergic. It's allergic. All right. I know my size. It got me. [Music] I can smell the hot chocolate right now. Girardelli, I know. I can't tell. It smells so good. Gerard Deli smells fantastic. They make an amazing hot chocolate. They really do. It's so rich. I love it. [Music] I watch you as you drive. This one's a muscle soother. I know. I saw that when we came in. It looked good. Is it after a long Disney day? That sounds really good. [Music] Is delicious. Yum. That's a Mickey. I'll get one for tonight, one for tomorrow night, and then one to take home with I like this one. A eucalyptus, peppermint, and clean musk. That one. Bath bombs acquired. That was another thing. Checked off the birthday to-do list. We're staying at a place in the tub and now we have the bath bombs. We got bath bombs. We're golden. I'm so excited. Like way too excited about those. Now, let's go get that coffee. Later and later. It's only 5:42 only. On only That's a line. That's a long line. It's already 5:48. You can have it back. Decisions. Decision. Look, I'm here for it. If you're here for it, I'm here for it. Like, I want to be here for it, but I kind of don't want to be here for it. We can always be here for it the day we leave. Trail. Mhm. Valid point. Okay, let's do it. Okay, we're going to check that one off the list later. Time it right. It's 6 and if we're out by 8, we might can get hot cookie hour and get lover. [Music] I'm loving this moment. Can we stay here forever? All right. So, we called the game time decision. I'm like, it's going to take a lot of time to go to Polly and then be able to get in at Tamboo potentially. It is Saturday night, so I'm like, I don't know. Don't feel like fighting that crowd. And also, we want to get up early in the morning to go to the park. So, I'm trying to think ahead. Oh, yeah. Cuz we are going to be up early cuz we are early rope droppers. We We are early people. So, we've got on the wait list for Summerhouse. We enjoyed our breakfast there, so we're going to go try dinner. It looks fantastic. My thing is I'm going to have a hard time picking what to get cuz there's so much on their menu. And it's all so good. Everything we had there was good. I Yeah, I enjoyed everything that we had and so I'm excited to try dinner. Um, so yeah, we've just got a few minutes to kill. Like it could take up to 30 minutes. We'll see. I don't know. It just doesn't feel that busy, but I could be wrong. So, we're gonna just walk around and enjoy the sights of Disney Springs. [Music] Come [Music] on. Come on. [Music] Are you going to get the Wagu steak taco? Yep. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. I know. It looks really good. Hi. Okay. So, one of my favorite things that I started doing if I'm looking up something is I will or trying to figure out what to eat and I'm like, I wonder what this actually looks like to give like kind of kind of a representation is I will type it into Google like that's the riotoni I'm looking at. So, I'll just type in the name of the food like the entree and then I'll type in the name of the restaurant. And I don't know if anybody else is weird like that and you're like, I want to see this. I just think it's helpful. [Music] All right, the Parmesan truffle fries had arrived. Get in my belly. in my belly. Are they good? I like that. They look fantastic. [Music] These are good, but they're not as good as those fries from Toalenos that night. Oh, yes. Those were those I don't know what they did with that. Those were magical. These are good. Those were magical. They are nice and seasoned, though. Oh my goodness. Dinner has arrived. This steak wagu steak tacos. They look fantastic. They look amazing. I'm a man. Oh, it's good. And then I got the rigy rig pony alla vodka and I added protein. You could add the steak to that as well. So, I did. Looks awesome. I am so excited to dive in. Also, I love this bowl. It's so pretty. Okay, the pasta is good. You want a bite? I do. It's got a little bit of spice to it. Oh, I like that. Just a little bit. I like that. All right. The steak is so tender. I could cut it with my butter knife. That's good. I like that a lot. [Music] What do you think? Worth every penny. It's so good. I just need I need hot sauce. Do you have any hot sauce? Cholula and Tabasco. Cholula. Anything else here for you? I don't think so. Thank you. Sprite. Uh, sure. That' be great. Enjoy. You right there. Let's go. So, we finished dinner and we are booking it to Gideon's. Even though we're stuffed, we're not too stuffed for hot cookie hour. And we're hoping we can make it cuz it ends in 40 minutes. So, we'll see. We're helping him. He doesn't feel as bad. Hot cookie has been acquired. We're going to go find a spot to enjoy it. [Music] We know I've wanted the Gideon's coffee. And I'm like, I'd really like to have it more than twice. So, we got them. I know what you're thinking, Ashley. It's 8:00 at night. Why the heck are you drinking coffee? I'm not. Don't worry. The straws are still in the sleeves. We're not doing that. We order them without ice. And I think this may be my new favorite thing. This This may become part of the routine. It's like if you're Disney Springs at night, order it without the ice. Take it back, put it in your fridge, and enjoy it the next morning. As soon as you wake up, you could add some ice in it from the ice machine at your hotel. If you are in a onebedroom like us, then we'll should have ice and the ice maker in the fridge. I'm excited. I'm pumped. And look, it's going to be so good. I ain't going to lie. I'm not trying to be that guy. But they do give you a lot more. You do. You get a lot. So like if you're like, I want to get my money's worth. That's also a way to get your money's worth. There you go. So just saying I'm excited. Ain't going to mess with your sleep. I can taste it already. The ice cream's hard in the cookie. It's not a hot cookie anymore. [Music] Wow. [Music]
