---
video_id: RtZcSvQlyws
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "CHRISTMAS TRIP PREP | Countdown To Vacation: GRWM for Disney & Toiletry Tips"
published: 2025-11-04
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RtZcSvQlyws
---
Hey fam, and welcome to Countdown to Vacation Christmas edition. Today we are counting down to our Disney World Christmas trip and we are going in and packing both makeup. So, I'm going to do a little bit of a get ready with me so you can kind of see what my Disney makeup looks like this time of year as well as we're going through my toiletry bag for the whole fam. Also, ways that I never forget a thing and three things I also never pack for Disney. Before we jump too far into the video though, I did want to quickly introduce myself. Hi, my name is Ashley and welcome to my channel, Pixie Dusted Mom. Here I share all kinds of tips and tricks and hacks for all things family travel to Disney World. So whether it be packing, prepping for your trip, or planning your park days, we are sharing all the things from top to bottom as well as vlogs from our adventures along the way to help you get excited for your next magical adventure. So, if that is something you're interested in, you've got a trip coming up and you want all the trip countdown stuff, go ahead and click the red subscribe button below the video. Or if you're part of the fam that's watching on a TV, mom, look, I made it to the big screen. But there is a QR code here on the screen. You can pull out your handydandy phone that is probably also in your hand as well. If you're watching on a TV, open the camera app, point it towards that, and be able to go over and subscribe and join our little internet fam here. would absolutely love to have you. And now with no further ado, let's go ahead and talk about all of the things that we're packing. I am no makeup artist and I'm definitely not a makeup YouTuber, but I do have my makeup setup here from what I wear to Disney, especially this time of year. It varies a little bit when it's in the summertime and we're like really melting, but it's like less melty this time of year. So, you can get away with a little bit of a different makeup. And then I also have my little handy dandy mirror. So, if I'm looking down and I'm not looking at you, I apologize. I'm not trying to be rude. I just I don't have this fancy setup where I can like look in the mirror and this whole situation. So, we're gonna work with what we've got. But, let me lay my makeup out here on the bed really quick and then we'll start chatting and getting ready. While I'm doing this, I'm curious. Does anyone else lay out your makeup in order of how you put it on your face? Or is that just me? Because I feel like especially on those early Disney mornings where I am tired or even early mornings at home as a mom and you're like half asleep and you're like, I need to get ready. I need to like look somewhat presentable here. Then I just find this really helpful. I don't know, maybe that's my type A showing a little bit too much, but that's that's just how I like it. Now, for me lately, my go-to, and usually my home makeup is my Disney makeup, and my Disney makeup is my home makeup. Spoiler alert. So, there's not a lot of difference, but for me, I've been loving the Esteee Lauder Double Wear. This is It's kind of I go back and forth with like I buy it and I'll use it for a while and then I'll take a break and be like, I don't want anything that much coverage. And then I get something thinner and I'm like, I want coverage. And so, I go back to it. Um, a lot of times during Prime days and things you can find it on sale, which is usually when I stock up personally cuz I don't want to pay full price for this stuff. But that is one of the foundations. So, I usually carry two different options. So, this is my like I actually want a face of makeup cuz I just I enjoy makeup. So, I want to put on some makeup. If you don't like makeup, that's okay. You don't have to wear it. If you just want to put on an SPF lip balm and some sunscreen on your face and go, girl, you rock it. I personally enjoy makeup, so that's why I put it on. That's just I do it for me. I don't do it for you. I don't do it for the views. I don't do it for the camera. I do it because I like it. It makes me feel good. But now that we're getting all that rabbit trail out of the way, the other one I use is the Dime Wondercreen. It is a great tinted moisturizer. It does have SPF 30 in it. During the summer months, a lot of times this is what I'll wear. I won't even pack this. Um I will just go in with the wonderscreen and wear that with a little bit of bronzer. It just feels a little more relaxing and lighter on the skin. This time of year, I just gravitate towards the thicker makeup. I don't know. It just it's how I'm I do. But we're going in my beauty blender and literally usually almost a pump will do my entire face. So, that is what I'm going to do. I have my little handy dandy mirror here. I don't really need the light, but it does have light on it, which is cool. So, it's got a a cool light, a sort more so warm light, and then also a bit of a mix of light, which I have a lot of light coming through this window. How many times can I say light? But it would help if I turned the sponge towards my face. Okay. Um, but going to go in put this on just a little bit. I don't really put it on super thick, just enough to even out my skin. When it has a tan, my skin looks better. When it doesn't, I am not the biggest fan of my skin, and I haven't been since I was a teenager. So, there's the backstory nobody asked for. Right. I will say if I do have a little extra redness, I will go in with a small like drop of the foundation and just add and kind of build the coverage up there just a little bit for me personally and my skin and how it is. And then I also make sure to drag it down my neck so you don't have that like whole makeup line cuz it's not fun when you forget it and it's like um and my neck always I don't know what it is. It doesn't tan. It just my chest will tan, but this is just Yeah, it just doesn't tan. I don't I don't know. And I'll even like do the whole like lay back thing so your neck is exposed. It just It doesn't do it. Sunlight and it just don't get along. Okay. Next up, I go in with the Do It All Concealer. So, I will pop this on. You just twist it and it comes out the top like so. And then I will I'm just going to look in the viewfinder for a second for this one. I will pop it in there. And then if I have any bumps or extra blemishes like I do today, they're like, "Oh, hey. How's it going?" You've not had some of us in a while. So, let's take you back to middle school. It's great. Side note, am I the only one that thought when you got older and like you became an adult you wouldn't have to deal with acne or bumps or zits or whatever you want to call them. Like I was fully intended. I was like, "All right, I just got to make it to adulthood and I'm going to be fine. It's it's all going to be good. Like I can survive this. My skin will even out. It will be perfect and I won't have to worry about getting bumps anymore because I'll be an adult and I won't be a hormonal teenager. Well, apparently I'm either not an adult yet because I'm 33. I thought 33 was an adult, feels like an adult. I have to pay bills like I'm an adult. I have to do all the other adult things that we have to do as adults, but somehow this just hasn't caught up to that. Um, okay. But that looks better. No more red bumps. So, we got rid of that. Next, I like to go in with this jumbo crayon and it is in the shade coconut. It is from NYX. It is a multi-use face stick. So, this one is kind of a highlighter. So, I will literally go in and just color in my entire eyelid from lash line to brows with this. It is sparkly, which I love. And especially with the holidays and stuff, I feel like it works even more. I feel like it works in the summer cuz you want that glowy look. And then in the winter, you want that sparkly holiday look. And so that is what I'm doing with this one. Next, I'll go in with the NYX butter bronzer. This is in the shade all buttered up, BMB02. It's the number. You need a number. But we're going looking at this like it's a compact. I'm going to go in and do a little bit of contourishing. I say contourish cuz it's not really full on contouring. I don't know how to do all that properly. But I do my makeup and I like it. So that's okay. But I'm going in and what's left on the brush after I do the main section that I go in for. I'll like go back and like just add a little bit other places to just add a little glow there. And that sun-kissed look next. Oh, I'm going to take this. I forgot skipping a step. I've got my little brush here. It's just a random makeup brush I have. I probably should get an eye shadow brush, but I'm going to just run this in the crease to just add a little definition there. So, you can see I have that on that eye, but I don't on this eye. When I'm not talking, I'm a lot faster at this. I can usually have this done in 5 to seven minutes, depending on how many times my kids say, "Hey, mom." So, we're we're we got it down to science. Next, go in with the brow glue from NYX. This, for one, holds your brows in shape, but also adds a little bit of color. I have pretty thick brows, so I don't need a ton of like filler cuz I feel like I skirt on the edge of Princess Mia from Princess Diaries eyebrows sometimes. So, yeah, kind of identified with that one. Um, but this is great. Holds them into place. So, we've got that action going on. And then this is a new mascara for me that I've been using in the last couple weeks. And guys, it is so stinking good. My internet sister Caroline over on Instagram sent me this and she was like, "Hey, I know you like your lashes. Can I send you some mascara and you can try it out?" And here you go. And I was so excited to try it out, but I was not expecting all this. So, it's got one end. It's kind of a creamy color end of the stick, but it is like a primer prepper kind of part of it. It really separates your lashes with the brush that it has. And just this alone is wild and makes my lashes look so much thicker. I'm like, "Holy cow." And then I'm going to do the whole eye and then I'll do the whole other eye so you can see the difference. But go in with the like full on mascara and it has this like rounded brush on it. And sorry, I'm like not trying to not put the mirror in my face so you can see what I'm doing. But I go in with that mascara and it just builds it up even more so. And it is awesome. I love that mascara. I don't know if you can see it as well. I'm telling you, I'm not a beauty influencer, but you guys asked for makeup, so I'm like, we're going to talk about makeup. as I put this down as if I don't have to do my other eye. So, hold on. Talk amongst yourselves while I do the other eye. So, the more I stare in this mirror, the more like, "Okay, yep. I need to go make a brow appointment cuz these these puppies need to be done or else we're going to be right back to Princess Mia." And that's not a cute look. Halloween's over. Okay, now that that's done and I'm not about to walk out of the house with one eye with mascara on it. Um, next up I'm going to do this blush. It is Milani Cheek Kiss in the shade Luminoso one. It's shade 110. So, you just squeeze it out and like sponge it on or you can kind of rub it. But I'm just like down just a little bit here. And then for this one, I literally just use got a little bit more on this side than this side. Hold on. We can fix that. But I just kind of blend it out and it gives this nice glow. So it's almost like a highlighter and blush kind of in one cuz it's just got this really nice glow to it which I love. Okay, got the glow going. And then last but not least, before we do lips, I'm going to go in with this E.L.F. setting spray. This is a new one for me. I've recently started using this in the last like week or so, and I'm really liking it so far. I saw it on Emily Rose Instagram account. She had done a get ready with me a few weeks back, and I was like, this looks so cute. But I'm going to go ahead and spray some of this on to just kind of hold the look all together. And I love that it is a very fine mist. Like it is not something that is super thick and when you spray it on it's like you're getting spit at. Like I don't know if you've ever used some like that. I've had some setting spray. I'm like, "This works okay." But then I have these like little drops of it all on my face and then the the makeup can kind of look weird in those areas where it's like splotchy and I'm like m I don't know. But this is a dewy setting spray and a shockingly fine mist and literally they hit the nail on the head with the hash or the tag for it there. So, um yeah, thank you to Emily for recommending that cuz I'm like this looks so cool. And then with the holidays I'm going to be taking two lip colors. I talked about this in my outfit video, but one is the NYX Fat Oil in Newsfeed, and then the other one is the CoverGirl Outlast Ulti Matte, and it is matte, and it lasts 24 hours, but it is in the shade wine o'clock. And you wouldn't think that this is going to be super red, but like this is the shade. Mhm. That's red. But it is the perfect holiday red and it stays. and is not going anywhere. All right. My only note for this is be careful putting anything on top of it like a topper basically of a gloss or anything like that because it can mess with the um lasting effect and the hold of it and it can kind of like run in places and yeah it just it makes it smear off a little bit easier, that sort of thing. So if you want the ultra lasting just kind of leave it and don't put anything on top of it. Um, but if I am going for more of a like lightweight look, then I'll go for this and I'll re reapply it. But with this lip, I can put it on say for the entire holiday party, Jollywood, Christmas party, and it's on all night through all the cookies, all the cocoa, all the um eating and snacks and treats and all the things that we do, it will stay on. So, this one I'm having to like kind of reapply after every time I do something to get the lipstick off and it kind of fades. But this one holds its own. So good. So, wanted to kind of go through that. Next up, I'm going to talk about toiletries. Now, like I mentioned, there are three things that I do not pack toiletry- wise for Disney. One is body wash, the other is shampoo, and the third is conditioner. The only caveat to that is I have straight hair, and it really likes the conditioner that Disney has. My daughter has my husband's curly hair. they don't get along well at all. And so, while it works great for my texture, she is the caveat that has made me start packing conditioner again. So, anything that is deep conditioning, I will go ahead and make sure to pack that for her. But as far as the other items, I don't do that. And then another thing, a fourth thing that if we are staying at a moderate or a deluxe resort is I don't usually pack lotion. So, unless I'm wanting like a specific scent or one of my lotions that I'm loving at home, I will use the body lotion that is provided in the room for Disney. So, they have these little blue tubes. Smells like sea salt. It's great. It smells just like the body wash and the shampoo and conditioner that you're already getting ready with. And it also like I don't know, something about using the Disney toiletries has this Disney bubble effect. I don't know. It's just nice. It's like you're laying down in your bed in your resort, you're there, you smell like sea salt, and it's just like it's a vibe. But if you don't want to vibe, then those are some things that you can take. But for me, those are things that I don't have to worry about packing cuz I'm like, I know I like those. I enjoy those. They work. It's fine. Um, but going to go ahead jump into the toiletries and exactly how I pack and how I don't forget things. There are three things that I do to help eliminate forgetting toiletries cuz I feel like that is the number one most forgotten item is your hairbrush or your toothbrush or something super duper simple. So, here are the three things. So, for one, I use a packing list. Obviously, that is very helpful. Something about checking it off. Just I don't know, it's so satisfying and also is like I know that it's in there. Number two is to lay everything out in order of how you use it. So, give me a second and I'll talk about that and I'll show you what I mean. And then number three is to use travel size products or containers that are travel size containers that can be refilled with your normal everyday products. This eliminates that last minute, last second scramble packing because you can go ahead and have all these things up. Your toiletry bag isn't having to stay laid open because you've got to add your toothbrush. We use travel toothbrushes. And spoiler alert, after we're done, we throw it away cuz I don't want to bring this nasty thing home with me. And then things that need to be refilled like lotion or face wash. Those just get refilled each time. And you're not worried about, okay, after I take my last shower, then I can pack. You're going ahead and getting all this stuff done in advance, which makes it so much easier. So, starting out, the vessel in which these things are packed in. I love this. It is two different sides. It has multiple zippers here. So, you've got the zipper section in here, zipper section in here. And I love how wide it opens. So, you are easily accessing everything in this. As well as the fact that it's clear helps you be able to find exactly what you're looking for. So, this one is fantastic. It is great. You can use this um for either checked luggage or I've used it for carry-on. It's clear. Each side is a quartish. And honestly, in all of our years of flying 10 plus years now, we've never had a question about it not being in a quart-siz bag. I know some people have different experiences, but that's been ours. So, this is the situation. But to show you what I mean by packing in order. So, say this is my skincare routine. So, in the evening, I'm going to use my makeup remover wipes, take my makeup off. I'm going to then use my little cotton pad or not cotton pads, but they're like they're little gauze pads to then take my eye makeup off. After I do that, and my makeup is kind of pre-off, I'm going to go in with my face wash. After I wash my face, I'm going to put my night cream on. After I put my night cream on, I'm going to put on my serum. After I do that, I'm going to put on my lash serum. And then after I do that, the final step is a little bit of a thicker lip balm to moisturize my lips overnight. So, you see what I mean? I'm literally going through my routine. Like, literally, this is what I do every night when I get ready to take my makeup off. That is the order in which I go in. Now, when I'm at home, I actually have a gel that I use instead of these, but I don't want to take that gel. So, for now, we're using this. But you get the idea. That is how we're stepping through it. So, once I get out of the shower, I have lotion. I just refill this after each trip or as I'm preparing for the next trip, I'll refill it. This is regular lotion. This is green lotion. This is after sun lotion. So, if you have a sunburn, this is the best stuff ever. Got those two. And then deodorant. So, it's lotion and then deodorant. That's all I do after my shower. I don't I don't know if there's more you're supposed to do, but that's all I do. I'm keeping it basic here. When it comes to hair care, we're going in. I have a little popup brush, which makes packing a lot smoother. you're not having this big giant hairbrush in there. And I also do a comb cuz I have little girls that I have to style their hair. We have water spray, dry shampoo, some styling taming curl cream, hairspray, and then a thing of hair ties, both elastics, regular hair ties. I have pony pricks in here. So, if you do have those clear ones, you can use these. Really easy to get out. Just be careful and only get the hook of the clear elastic. And don't cut your kid's hair. Um, so don't do that. So, just be gentle. And then I also have my spray here. This is a blingy TJ Maxx find, but this is for my body spray that I put in there. So, this is for me. This is not not necessarily for the kids. Well, if it'll open, but you just twist it up and it has the little spray that it comes out. And I have a little bit of glitter for the girlies so they can have some pixie dust. But you kind of get the idea. And then when it comes to little tools, I do carry our tweezers. I have two sets of tweezers. One that stays at home, one that goes with us. I have an extra pair of nail clippers. These are just from the dollar store. Like they're not anything expensive, but they get the job done when we need something. And then also my little travel scissors. So, these are great. I've been able to take these through um even in my personal item bag, carry-on bag. No issues going through TSA with those. And then same thing, we've got our little thing. thing. I don't want to push one out too far, but little floss strips or like handheld flossers in here. Got toothbrushes for hubby and I, toothbrushes for the kids, toothpaste for us. I do need to get a kids travel toothpaste. That is the one thing I am out of right now. And then our Listerine. And so I just kind of have those things like grouped together and in order. So you kind of get the idea. But these are the toiletries. I get questions of what toiletries do you take? Nothing super groundbreaking I don't feel like. But I do feel like packing and kind of setting these things up in order and also using these sizes like we are three days out as I am filming and getting this ready and it makes it super easy to where I'm not having to leave this laying open like I said to add anything extra. It's going to be done. I'm going to put this in and it's going to be all zipped up and great. And then for those that are curious, this is how it all looks within the bag. So, I have all of our toothbrushing stuff, our post shower stuff, and my skincare routine is all in this side. So, kind of showery get ready for bed in the morning kind of things, getting ready things is in here. And then the other side is full of our hair stuff. The only product in this that's not travel size is this. So, this is a kids cream. I actually picked this one up at TJ Maxx cuz they needed another one. I saw this one. I'm like, let's give it a shot. We'll see how it goes. Um, so I grabbed that one. So that would be the only thing is I would need to either decant that or find a travel size version of a kids gel that I could use for styling their hair. But everything else, if I wanted to pack this in my carry-on personal item, I totally could. But due to that guy, this has got to go in the check bag. But everything fits in here great. I'm not having to sit on the bag to get it to zip up. And then you just zip them together like so. super easy and genuinely makes this so much better. And now my toiletries are packed and I'm ready to go get on an airplane, you guys. That is going to do it though for today's video. Thank you guys so much for hanging out with me, putting on your makeup with me, drinking your coffee. Hey, just cleaning your house, whatever you are doing. Appreciate you being here and also being part of my end of the video club. Thank you so so much. I really appreciate it. If you've made it this far into the video and you aren't already subscribed, would love it if you'd click the red subscribe button below and end of the video club. You're going to have to leave me some makeup emojis or travel bags. That way I know you're part of the secret end of the video club. But thank you guys for being here. Appreciate you so incredibly much and I can't wait to see you in the next part of this countdown to vacation series.
