---
video_id: 5mkbtUHl5V4
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "Disney Wish Cruise | Disney's Castaway Cay + Skipping Crowds"
published: 2025-12-19
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mkbtUHl5V4
---
Nothing like churro Mickey waffles. I can definitely see the appeal I can definitely see the appeal I can definitely see the appeal of the cabana. $965, of the cabana. $965, of the cabana. $965, I believe. We're worried that There you go. The girls are still sleeping. It's just The girls are still sleeping. It's just The girls are still sleeping. It's just after 7:30, but I had room service word after 7:30, but I had room service word after 7:30, but I had room service word last night so that we could have a few last night so that we could have a few last night so that we could have a few snacks in the room cuz we're first stop snacks in the room cuz we're first stop snacks in the room cuz we're first stop this morning is going to this morning is going to this morning is going to meet Anna and Elsa. So, we've got some meet Anna and Elsa. So, we've got some meet Anna and Elsa. So, we've got some donuts. I got the girls some Froot Loops donuts. I got the girls some Froot Loops donuts. I got the girls some Froot Loops to have. Got some chocolate chip to have. Got some chocolate chip to have. Got some chocolate chip muffins. And then we have some muffins. And then we have some muffins. And then we have some croissants and pastries. croissants and pastries. croissants and pastries. Got some yummy stuff. Got the coffee Got some yummy stuff. Got the coffee Got some yummy stuff. Got the coffee sitting over on the table there. We've sitting over on the table there. We've sitting over on the table there. We've got the creams, the butters, milk for got the creams, the butters, milk for got the creams, the butters, milk for their cereal. So, we are ready for a their cereal. So, we are ready for a their cereal. So, we are ready for a little snack in the room while we're little snack in the room while we're little snack in the room while we're getting ready and then go meet some getting ready and then go meet some getting ready and then go meet some princesses. If your kids are hangry like princesses. If your kids are hangry like princesses. If your kids are hangry like the second they wake up or maybe you're the second they wake up or maybe you're the second they wake up or maybe you're hungry the second you wake up and you're hungry the second you wake up and you're hungry the second you wake up and you're like, I'm not going to be nice if I like, I'm not going to be nice if I like, I'm not going to be nice if I can't take a few sips of coffee before I can't take a few sips of coffee before I can't take a few sips of coffee before I get these children ready. I love them. get these children ready. I love them. get these children ready. I love them. They're wonderful. And sometimes you They're wonderful. And sometimes you They're wonderful. And sometimes you just like, I get it. It's okay. Some just like, I get it. It's okay. Some just like, I get it. It's okay. Some days you like that, some days you don't. days you like that, some days you don't. days you like that, some days you don't. It's like it is what it is. No judgment It's like it is what it is. No judgment It's like it is what it is. No judgment here. But for that, I just wanted to here. But for that, I just wanted to here. But for that, I just wanted to share if you're new to freezing, this is share if you're new to freezing, this is share if you're new to freezing, this is where your little like breakfast order where your little like breakfast order where your little like breakfast order is. You can in the little boxes put is. You can in the little boxes put is. You can in the little boxes put exactly what you need. My kids loved the exactly what you need. My kids loved the exactly what you need. My kids loved the chocolate chip muffins. So, I like put chocolate chip muffins. So, I like put chocolate chip muffins. So, I like put was able to under it, I just wrote was able to under it, I just wrote was able to under it, I just wrote chocolate chip, please, and a little chocolate chip, please, and a little chocolate chip, please, and a little smiley face. And so, they gave us 10 smiley face. And so, they gave us 10 smiley face. And so, they gave us 10 chocolate chip muffins, which is great. chocolate chip muffins, which is great. chocolate chip muffins, which is great. But I wanted to share this. It is But I wanted to share this. It is But I wanted to share this. It is usually in your little dresser, like a usually in your little dresser, like a usually in your little dresser, like a top drawer over there, the desk. It's top drawer over there, the desk. It's top drawer over there, the desk. It's not really a dresser. It's like a desk not really a dresser. It's like a desk not really a dresser. It's like a desk drawer. But wanted to share this for drawer. But wanted to share this for drawer. But wanted to share this for those that like, I need juice. I need those that like, I need juice. I need those that like, I need juice. I need milk in the room first thing in the milk in the room first thing in the milk in the room first thing in the morning for the kids to drink or I got morning for the kids to drink or I got morning for the kids to drink or I got to have that coffee. Whatever it is for to have that coffee. Whatever it is for to have that coffee. Whatever it is for you. But this is great. It's got all you. But this is great. It's got all you. But this is great. It's got all kinds of times you can select for like a kinds of times you can select for like a kinds of times you can select for like a door, so it works out really well. Um, door, so it works out really well. Um, door, so it works out really well. Um, but yeah, they just they'll bring it to but yeah, they just they'll bring it to but yeah, they just they'll bring it to your room. It's fantastic. They are on your room. It's fantastic. They are on your room. It's fantastic. They are on tip basis, so it is very nice to tip tip basis, so it is very nice to tip tip basis, so it is very nice to tip them. They are carrying these really them. They are carrying these really them. They are carrying these really heavy trays around. So for that, I would heavy trays around. So for that, I would heavy trays around. So for that, I would say bring cash. So if you're prepping, say bring cash. So if you're prepping, say bring cash. So if you're prepping, bring some cash for those lovely people bring some cash for those lovely people bring some cash for those lovely people cuz they are fantastic. But yeah, just cuz they are fantastic. But yeah, just cuz they are fantastic. But yeah, just wanted to share this. It is so great for wanted to share this. It is so great for wanted to share this. It is so great for getting ready in the morning. Like we getting ready in the morning. Like we getting ready in the morning. Like we can have some sips of coffee. The kids can have some sips of coffee. The kids can have some sips of coffee. The kids can sleep in and then when they get up, can sleep in and then when they get up, can sleep in and then when they get up, they can have some snacks and stuff. So they can have some snacks and stuff. So they can have some snacks and stuff. So it works out great. it works out great. it works out great. This tastes This tastes This tastes like like like Santa's milk. Santa's milk. Santa's milk. &gt;&gt; Oh, is that Santa milk? &gt;&gt; Oh, is that Santa milk? &gt;&gt; Oh, is that Santa milk? &gt;&gt; I think it is. &gt;&gt; I think it is. &gt;&gt; I think it is. &gt;&gt; That's good. &gt;&gt; That's good. &gt;&gt; That's good. &gt;&gt; The Santa milk. &gt;&gt; The Santa milk. &gt;&gt; The Santa milk. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And she also have this pearl &gt;&gt; Yeah. And she also have this pearl &gt;&gt; Yeah. And she also have this pearl necklace. necklace. necklace. &gt;&gt; That's cool. &gt;&gt; May take your tattoo off a little bit. &gt;&gt; May take your tattoo off a little bit. &gt;&gt; May take your tattoo off a little bit. Okay. I don't know. Okay. I don't know. Okay. I don't know. Can you get some off? Can you get some off? Can you get some off? &gt;&gt; First stop. &gt;&gt; First stop. &gt;&gt; First stop. &gt;&gt; No, &gt;&gt; a little lime. Not too bad. True. Dad. Yay! We're taking Yay! We're taking Yay! We're taking a baby horse. a baby horse. a baby horse. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. This line's not bad at all for &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. This line's not bad at all for &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. This line's not bad at all for Anna and Elsa. It's the nice part about Anna and Elsa. It's the nice part about Anna and Elsa. It's the nice part about it being like today it is castaway day. it being like today it is castaway day. it being like today it is castaway day. Everybody's running to get off the ship Everybody's running to get off the ship Everybody's running to get off the ship to go to the island and get a good spot to go to the island and get a good spot to go to the island and get a good spot on the beach. Makes it a little bit easier to meet the Makes it a little bit easier to meet the Makes it a little bit easier to meet the characters. Also, that's usually the way characters. Also, that's usually the way characters. Also, that's usually the way character lines go on the cruise is the character lines go on the cruise is the character lines go on the cruise is the farther into the trip you get, the farther into the trip you get, the farther into the trip you get, the shorter the lines get because a lot of shorter the lines get because a lot of shorter the lines get because a lot of people rush to do it and like kind of people rush to do it and like kind of people rush to do it and like kind of get it out of the way first days, day get it out of the way first days, day get it out of the way first days, day two. So, if you can hold your horses and two. So, if you can hold your horses and two. So, if you can hold your horses and if the character's going to be out again if the character's going to be out again if the character's going to be out again on the character schedule, then you can on the character schedule, then you can on the character schedule, then you can meet them a little later on in the trip meet them a little later on in the trip meet them a little later on in the trip and it's not near as bad. like &gt;&gt; she's got &gt;&gt; she's got &gt;&gt; she's got &gt;&gt; chocolate eating powers. &gt;&gt; chocolate eating powers. &gt;&gt; chocolate eating powers. &gt;&gt; Yes, I do. It's true. &gt;&gt; Yes, I do. It's true. &gt;&gt; Yes, I do. It's true. &gt;&gt; Do you all have those powers as well? &gt;&gt; Do you all have those powers as well? &gt;&gt; Do you all have those powers as well? &gt;&gt; Oddly, we do. It runs in our family. &gt;&gt; Oddly, we do. It runs in our family. &gt;&gt; Oddly, we do. It runs in our family. &gt;&gt; Ours do. room and change it to our pretty beachy room and change it to our pretty beachy room and change it to our pretty beachy look. look. look. &gt;&gt; I brought our beach dresses. &gt;&gt; I brought our beach dresses. &gt;&gt; I brought our beach dresses. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So, we don't have to go by the room for &gt;&gt; So, we don't have to go by the room for &gt;&gt; So, we don't have to go by the room for that. Willow and Stitch. Willow and Stitch. Willow and Stitch. &gt;&gt; There you go, princess. &gt;&gt; Good morning, you guys. And officially, &gt;&gt; Good morning, you guys. And officially, &gt;&gt; Good morning, you guys. And officially, welcome to Disney's Castaway Key Day. We welcome to Disney's Castaway Key Day. We welcome to Disney's Castaway Key Day. We are on day number two of our cruise. are on day number two of our cruise. are on day number two of our cruise. It's our last day of the cruise. And of It's our last day of the cruise. And of It's our last day of the cruise. And of course, we are enjoying Disney's private course, we are enjoying Disney's private course, we are enjoying Disney's private island here, Castaway Key in the island here, Castaway Key in the island here, Castaway Key in the Bahamas. We're doing things a little Bahamas. We're doing things a little Bahamas. We're doing things a little differently, though. So, we're not differently, though. So, we're not differently, though. So, we're not busting it off the ship because we have busting it off the ship because we have busting it off the ship because we have an Aqua mouse to ride. So, we're going an Aqua mouse to ride. So, we're going an Aqua mouse to ride. So, we're going to have that. We're going to get to have that. We're going to get to have that. We're going to get Marceline. We're going to do the Mickey Marceline. We're going to do the Mickey Marceline. We're going to do the Mickey waffles, the true Mickey waffles that waffles, the true Mickey waffles that waffles, the true Mickey waffles that happened on Castaway Day, which is the happened on Castaway Day, which is the happened on Castaway Day, which is the best day at Marceline Market. So, we're best day at Marceline Market. So, we're best day at Marceline Market. So, we're excited. It's a good day. We're going to excited. It's a good day. We're going to excited. It's a good day. We're going to take you through and how we are avoiding take you through and how we are avoiding take you through and how we are avoiding crowds today and enjoying our final day crowds today and enjoying our final day crowds today and enjoying our final day on the cruise. So, if you're excited, go on the cruise. So, if you're excited, go on the cruise. So, if you're excited, go ahead, click the thumbs up button. If ahead, click the thumbs up button. If ahead, click the thumbs up button. If you're new, you need all the tips and you're new, you need all the tips and you're new, you need all the tips and tricks for Disney as a family, click the tricks for Disney as a family, click the tricks for Disney as a family, click the red subscribe button or scan the QR red subscribe button or scan the QR red subscribe button or scan the QR code. And with no further ado, let's code. And with no further ado, let's code. And with no further ado, let's have a very magical day. That's cool. That's cool. That's cool. &gt;&gt; Or no, that's one of the safety boats. &gt;&gt; Or no, that's one of the safety boats. &gt;&gt; Or no, that's one of the safety boats. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; you see their white hard hats. &gt;&gt; you see their white hard hats. &gt;&gt; you see their white hard hats. &gt;&gt; Oh, look at that. &gt;&gt; Oh, look at that. &gt;&gt; Oh, look at that. &gt;&gt; Maybe they're doing training. &gt;&gt; Maybe they're doing training. &gt;&gt; Maybe they're doing training. &gt;&gt; They may be. That's cool. Y. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Oh, this is where we get the churro Oh, this is where we get the churro Oh, this is where we get the churro Mickey waffles. Can I have two churro Mickey waffles. Can I have two churro Mickey waffles. Can I have two churro Mickey waffles? How many? Mickey waffles? How many? Mickey waffles? How many? &gt;&gt; Two. &gt;&gt; Two. &gt;&gt; Two. &gt;&gt; Perfect. Thank you so much. &gt;&gt; Perfect. Thank you so much. &gt;&gt; Perfect. Thank you so much. A little soupy, but still young. Can I have a multi-grain croissant, Can I have a multi-grain croissant, Can I have a multi-grain croissant, please? One. please? One. please? One. &gt;&gt; Just one of those. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Perfect. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Perfect. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Perfect. Thank you. &gt;&gt; You're welcome. &gt;&gt; It's not my style. &gt;&gt; Okay. No, this one is not making. &gt;&gt; Okay. No, this one is not making. &gt;&gt; Okay. No, this one is not making. &gt;&gt; No worries. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Nothing like churo Mickey waffles on the &gt;&gt; Nothing like churo Mickey waffles on the &gt;&gt; Nothing like churo Mickey waffles on the cruise. The kids are in the pool. cruise. The kids are in the pool. cruise. The kids are in the pool. There's a Disney movie on the screen. There's a Disney movie on the screen. There's a Disney movie on the screen. And there's so much fun and a white And there's so much fun and a white And there's so much fun and a white puffy cloud in these guys. swimming pool. Partyaurus Rex. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's closed. It is not Party Surus &gt;&gt; Oh, it's closed. It is not Party Surus &gt;&gt; Oh, it's closed. It is not Party Surus Rex time. It's closed. All right, that was Aquam one. Let's go in right, that was Aquam one. Let's go in right, that was Aquam one. Let's go in again. Literally, there's like five again. Literally, there's like five again. Literally, there's like five people in line right now. people in line right now. people in line right now. &gt;&gt; A lot. Let's go. &gt;&gt; A lot. Let's go. &gt;&gt; A lot. Let's go. &gt;&gt; I think two rounds on the Aqua Mouse &gt;&gt; I think two rounds on the Aqua Mouse &gt;&gt; I think two rounds on the Aqua Mouse deserves an ice cream. deserves an ice cream. deserves an ice cream. &gt;&gt; I think so. That was fun. &gt;&gt; I think so. That was fun. &gt;&gt; I think so. That was fun. &gt;&gt; The aqua duck I don't remember getting &gt;&gt; The aqua duck I don't remember getting &gt;&gt; The aqua duck I don't remember getting that wet from, but my mouse is like, that wet from, but my mouse is like, that wet from, but my mouse is like, "Hey, you're about to get soaked." "Hey, you're about to get soaked." "Hey, you're about to get soaked." &gt;&gt; I screamed off calories, so I definitely &gt;&gt; I screamed off calories, so I definitely &gt;&gt; I screamed off calories, so I definitely deserve that. deserve that. deserve that. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; They hit the clear part and I'm like, &gt;&gt; They hit the clear part and I'm like, &gt;&gt; They hit the clear part and I'm like, "Hey, &gt;&gt; can I get a blueberry?" You You You &gt;&gt; want to try a blueberry? I'll try &gt;&gt; want to try a blueberry? I'll try &gt;&gt; want to try a blueberry? I'll try something. Watch this. Hold on. Spin it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; they're together. &gt;&gt; they're together. &gt;&gt; they're together. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's really good. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's really good. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's really good. &gt;&gt; It is just after 11:00. We have ridden &gt;&gt; It is just after 11:00. We have ridden &gt;&gt; It is just after 11:00. We have ridden the Aquam. We're going to do Party Zurus the Aquam. We're going to do Party Zurus the Aquam. We're going to do Party Zurus Rex, but it is closed. But we're going Rex, but it is closed. But we're going Rex, but it is closed. But we're going to go get off the ship and go enjoy a to go get off the ship and go enjoy a to go get off the ship and go enjoy a cast night. It's been really nice. cast night. It's been really nice. cast night. It's been really nice. &gt;&gt; What is it? The pirate birds. &gt;&gt; What is it? The pirate birds. &gt;&gt; What is it? The pirate birds. &gt;&gt; No, it's not that. &gt;&gt; No, it's not that. &gt;&gt; No, it's not that. &gt;&gt; It's going there. Oh, Stitch. I see &gt;&gt; It's going there. Oh, Stitch. I see &gt;&gt; It's going there. Oh, Stitch. I see Stitch. That's so cool. Stitch. That's so cool. Stitch. That's so cool. But go enjoy Castaway. Girls want to go But go enjoy Castaway. Girls want to go But go enjoy Castaway. Girls want to go to the kids club on the island. It's to the kids club on the island. It's to the kids club on the island. It's been so nice cuz there are no crowds to been so nice cuz there are no crowds to been so nice cuz there are no crowds to be found, which is fantastic. &gt;&gt; Jump on this. Look at the green Look at the green Look at the green and purple. Yeah. You Yeah. You Yeah. You &gt;&gt; girls excited to do the whale day? &gt;&gt; girls excited to do the whale day? &gt;&gt; girls excited to do the whale day? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Hey, how are you doing the whale &gt;&gt; Yeah. Hey, how are you doing the whale &gt;&gt; Yeah. Hey, how are you doing the whale day? I don't know. First stop is Scuttles Cove. This is the First stop is Scuttles Cove. This is the First stop is Scuttles Cove. This is the kids club here on the island. kids club here on the island. kids club here on the island. The girls are ready. They're doing a The girls are ready. They're doing a The girls are ready. They're doing a whale dig activity at 12:00. So, they're whale dig activity at 12:00. So, they're whale dig activity at 12:00. So, they're going to go enjoy that and hang out for going to go enjoy that and hang out for going to go enjoy that and hang out for a bit and we're going to go explore a bit and we're going to go explore a bit and we're going to go explore together. I know you guys hear me say a together. I know you guys hear me say a together. I know you guys hear me say a lot that I have the best internet fam in lot that I have the best internet fam in lot that I have the best internet fam in the world, but not to brag if there's the world, but not to brag if there's the world, but not to brag if there's any other creators that have internet any other creators that have internet any other creators that have internet fans out there watching this video, but fans out there watching this video, but fans out there watching this video, but I seriously have the best internet fam I seriously have the best internet fam I seriously have the best internet fam in the world. Like, you guys are so in the world. Like, you guys are so in the world. Like, you guys are so sweet. We met the sweetest couple, Azita sweet. We met the sweetest couple, Azita sweet. We met the sweetest couple, Azita and Jesus. They were actually staying at and Jesus. They were actually staying at and Jesus. They were actually staying at Coronado as well and also on the cruise. Coronado as well and also on the cruise. Coronado as well and also on the cruise. Like we hadn't talked to them before Like we hadn't talked to them before Like we hadn't talked to them before this. We just happened to meet them in this. We just happened to meet them in this. We just happened to meet them in line for the bus at Disney Springs and line for the bus at Disney Springs and line for the bus at Disney Springs and got to talking and they were like, "We got to talking and they were like, "We got to talking and they were like, "We watch your videos." And it was so sweet. watch your videos." And it was so sweet. watch your videos." And it was so sweet. The kindest couple you'll ever meet. And The kindest couple you'll ever meet. And The kindest couple you'll ever meet. And so it was wonderful getting to chat with so it was wonderful getting to chat with so it was wonderful getting to chat with them. And they had a cabana and it was them. And they had a cabana and it was them. And they had a cabana and it was just the two of them. They were doing a just the two of them. They were doing a just the two of them. They were doing a couples only cruise, which they have couples only cruise, which they have couples only cruise, which they have totally convinced us that we want to do totally convinced us that we want to do totally convinced us that we want to do a couples only cruise at some point. a couples only cruise at some point. a couples only cruise at some point. They have got us hooked on a lot of They have got us hooked on a lot of They have got us hooked on a lot of things, but they had a cabana in the things, but they had a cabana in the things, but they had a cabana in the Mickey and Minnie friends and they were Mickey and Minnie friends and they were Mickey and Minnie friends and they were like, "You should come and film this and like, "You should come and film this and like, "You should come and film this and share it with your audience. I know we share it with your audience. I know we share it with your audience. I know we love watching this stuff. We'd love to love watching this stuff. We'd love to love watching this stuff. We'd love to have you be able to have this content." have you be able to have this content." have you be able to have this content." And they were just so kind. So, I just And they were just so kind. So, I just And they were just so kind. So, I just appreciate it so much. So, thank you appreciate it so much. So, thank you appreciate it so much. So, thank you guys again for the opportunity. So, that guys again for the opportunity. So, that guys again for the opportunity. So, that was huge. All that to say, if you want was huge. All that to say, if you want was huge. All that to say, if you want to see a full tour, I have it's about 10 to see a full tour, I have it's about 10 to see a full tour, I have it's about 10 minutes on the channel if you want to go minutes on the channel if you want to go minutes on the channel if you want to go over check it out, go through over check it out, go through over check it out, go through everything. I think it's kind of like a everything. I think it's kind of like a everything. I think it's kind of like a stateateroom tour or a room tour for a stateateroom tour or a room tour for a stateateroom tour or a room tour for a hotel. So, we going over all the details hotel. So, we going over all the details hotel. So, we going over all the details in the cabana. So, if you're looking at in the cabana. So, if you're looking at in the cabana. So, if you're looking at those, you can definitely check that those, you can definitely check that those, you can definitely check that out. But seriously, such an honor to get out. But seriously, such an honor to get out. But seriously, such an honor to get to do that and kind of get pixie dusted to do that and kind of get pixie dusted to do that and kind of get pixie dusted by our own internet fam. So, that was by our own internet fam. So, that was by our own internet fam. So, that was absolutely incredible. So, thank you. absolutely incredible. So, thank you. absolutely incredible. So, thank you. Thank you. Thank you guys again. I know Thank you. Thank you guys again. I know Thank you. Thank you guys again. I know we said thank you a lot in person, but we said thank you a lot in person, but we said thank you a lot in person, but thank you again. It was so fun. And thank you again. It was so fun. And thank you again. It was so fun. And these are absolutely gorgeous. That was fun. That was fun. That was fun. &gt;&gt; That was fun. I I'm so appreciative that &gt;&gt; That was fun. I I'm so appreciative that &gt;&gt; That was fun. I I'm so appreciative that they did that. So cool. That was so cool. We got to see the new That was so cool. We got to see the new That was so cool. We got to see the new Mickey and Friends that literally today Mickey and Friends that literally today Mickey and Friends that literally today is their inaugural opening day of the is their inaugural opening day of the is their inaugural opening day of the Mickey and Friend Mickey and Minnie Mickey and Friend Mickey and Minnie Mickey and Friend Mickey and Minnie cabanas and they're so cute. Thank you cabanas and they're so cute. Thank you cabanas and they're so cute. Thank you again to Azita and Jesus. You guys are again to Azita and Jesus. You guys are again to Azita and Jesus. You guys are so sweet for letting us come and check so sweet for letting us come and check so sweet for letting us come and check out the cabana. really appreciate we I out the cabana. really appreciate we I out the cabana. really appreciate we I always say it but like we have the best always say it but like we have the best always say it but like we have the best internet fam on the planet and I just internet fam on the planet and I just internet fam on the planet and I just can't thank you guys enough like oh just can't thank you guys enough like oh just can't thank you guys enough like oh just we literally do I don't even have words we literally do I don't even have words we literally do I don't even have words like it's just it's honestly like it's just it's honestly like it's just it's honestly overwhelming the sweet and kind people overwhelming the sweet and kind people overwhelming the sweet and kind people that we get to meet and interact with that we get to meet and interact with that we get to meet and interact with because of YouTube so thank you thank because of YouTube so thank you thank because of YouTube so thank you thank you thank you but we're on our way back you thank you but we're on our way back you thank you but we're on our way back we got to notice that one of our we got to notice that one of our we got to notice that one of our children wants to be picked up and it's children wants to be picked up and it's children wants to be picked up and it's not the one you would think Lucy is not the one you would think Lucy is not the one you would think Lucy is ready to be picked up we've not got ready to be picked up we've not got ready to be picked up we've not got anything about her But Lucy's ready to anything about her But Lucy's ready to anything about her But Lucy's ready to go, I guess. So, we're going to go get go, I guess. So, we're going to go get go, I guess. So, we're going to go get her. Maybe do a snack. her. Maybe do a snack. her. Maybe do a snack. &gt;&gt; Maybe we'll find some more ice cream. &gt;&gt; Maybe we'll find some more ice cream. &gt;&gt; Maybe we'll find some more ice cream. &gt;&gt; I'm sure it's a cruise. Ice cream's like &gt;&gt; I'm sure it's a cruise. Ice cream's like &gt;&gt; I'm sure it's a cruise. Ice cream's like everywhere. everywhere. everywhere. &gt;&gt; Got to get our money's worth in ice &gt;&gt; Got to get our money's worth in ice &gt;&gt; Got to get our money's worth in ice cream. cream. cream. &gt;&gt; But we're going to do that. Hang out, &gt;&gt; But we're going to do that. Hang out, &gt;&gt; But we're going to do that. Hang out, enjoy some beach time, and then we'll enjoy some beach time, and then we'll enjoy some beach time, and then we'll just see where the rest of the day takes just see where the rest of the day takes just see where the rest of the day takes us. We probably need to head back on the us. We probably need to head back on the us. We probably need to head back on the ship about 4:00. So, we do have the ship about 4:00. So, we do have the ship about 4:00. So, we do have the early dinner at 5:45. And it is at 1923. early dinner at 5:45. And it is at 1923. early dinner at 5:45. And it is at 1923. So So So &gt;&gt; pinkies out everybody. Pink out. &gt;&gt; pinkies out everybody. Pink out. &gt;&gt; pinkies out everybody. Pink out. &gt;&gt; I'm so excited. It's my favorite &gt;&gt; I'm so excited. It's my favorite &gt;&gt; I'm so excited. It's my favorite favorite Disney cruise ship restaurant. favorite Disney cruise ship restaurant. favorite Disney cruise ship restaurant. I love it. It's so beautiful. But let's I love it. It's so beautiful. But let's I love it. It's so beautiful. But let's go have some fun. &gt;&gt; Okay, this is so cute. I stopped by. She &gt;&gt; Okay, this is so cute. I stopped by. She &gt;&gt; Okay, this is so cute. I stopped by. She sells seashells. I saw someone on the cruise with this. I I saw someone on the cruise with this. I I saw someone on the cruise with this. I love how it's like a mesh love how it's like a mesh love how it's like a mesh that it's got the castaway on the back. that it's got the castaway on the back. that it's got the castaway on the back. I'm not usually a spirit jersey person, I'm not usually a spirit jersey person, I'm not usually a spirit jersey person, but this would be such a great like but this would be such a great like but this would be such a great like cover up to have. cover up to have. cover up to have. &gt;&gt; I love it. Oh, okay. I'm going to hold &gt;&gt; I love it. Oh, okay. I'm going to hold &gt;&gt; I love it. Oh, okay. I'm going to hold on to this one. We'll see. Oh, this on to this one. We'll see. Oh, this on to this one. We'll see. Oh, this looks like a Dean hat, you guys. looks like a Dean hat, you guys. looks like a Dean hat, you guys. &gt;&gt; Doesn't it look like a Dean hat? Like, &gt;&gt; Doesn't it look like a Dean hat? Like, &gt;&gt; Doesn't it look like a Dean hat? Like, if you know, you know. like it just if you know, you know. like it just if you know, you know. like it just looks great as him. looks great as him. looks great as him. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then of course, you know, obviously I still feel very you know, obviously I still feel very you know, obviously I still feel very comfortable. The really nice part though about doing The really nice part though about doing The really nice part though about doing the reverse of staying on the ship and the reverse of staying on the ship and the reverse of staying on the ship and enjoying the pool and relaxing there and enjoying the pool and relaxing there and enjoying the pool and relaxing there and then coming out closer to lunchtime is then coming out closer to lunchtime is then coming out closer to lunchtime is that you do miss a lot of crowds. A lot that you do miss a lot of crowds. A lot that you do miss a lot of crowds. A lot of people they've had lunch, they're of people they've had lunch, they're of people they've had lunch, they're already heading back on the ship. So, already heading back on the ship. So, already heading back on the ship. So, it's easy to grab a close beach spot. it's easy to grab a close beach spot. it's easy to grab a close beach spot. And so if you are not wanting a super And so if you are not wanting a super And so if you are not wanting a super crowded beach experience, I would highly crowded beach experience, I would highly crowded beach experience, I would highly recommend that if you can swing it and recommend that if you can swing it and recommend that if you can swing it and kind of make that work, it is perfect kind of make that work, it is perfect kind of make that work, it is perfect for avoiding crowds on these busy port for avoiding crowds on these busy port for avoiding crowds on these busy port days like this. &gt;&gt; Kind of miss the private beach. &gt;&gt; Kind of miss the private beach. &gt;&gt; Kind of miss the private beach. &gt;&gt; I know I do, too. &gt;&gt; I know I do, too. &gt;&gt; I know I do, too. I didn't realize we were about to get I didn't realize we were about to get I didn't realize we were about to get spoiled walking in to take a check or to spoiled walking in to take a check or to spoiled walking in to take a check or to take a look at that cabana. take a look at that cabana. take a look at that cabana. &gt;&gt; That was cool. &gt;&gt; That was cool. &gt;&gt; That was cool. &gt;&gt; I'm like, "Oh, we pretty. That's cool." &gt;&gt; I'm like, "Oh, we pretty. That's cool." &gt;&gt; I'm like, "Oh, we pretty. That's cool." But now I'm like, "Okay, our next But now I'm like, "Okay, our next But now I'm like, "Okay, our next cruise, we need a cabana." cruise, we need a cabana." cruise, we need a cabana." &gt;&gt; I'm like, "I see it. I see it. &gt;&gt; I'm like, "I see it. I see it. &gt;&gt; I'm like, "I see it. I see it. &gt;&gt; I see the appeal. I Yeah, &gt;&gt; I see the appeal. I Yeah, &gt;&gt; I see the appeal. I Yeah, we are beach people. I could see us like we are beach people. I could see us like we are beach people. I could see us like coming and just coming and just coming and just enjoying that for a while." enjoying that for a while." enjoying that for a while." &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; And we like to ride the bikes. Like we &gt;&gt; And we like to ride the bikes. Like we &gt;&gt; And we like to ride the bikes. Like we like to do the things that come with it. like to do the things that come with it. like to do the things that come with it. &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; we'd probably get our money's worth. &gt;&gt; we'd probably get our money's worth. &gt;&gt; we'd probably get our money's worth. &gt;&gt; I I think we would enjoy it. &gt;&gt; I I think we would enjoy it. &gt;&gt; I I think we would enjoy it. &gt;&gt; We found a real fish. &gt;&gt; We found a real fish. &gt;&gt; We found a real fish. &gt;&gt; Fish. A big one. &gt;&gt; Fish. A big one. &gt;&gt; Fish. A big one. &gt;&gt; Cool. Are you looking for fish, Belle? Hi. Hi. Hi. &gt;&gt; Hi. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's a little fish. On a mama sunscreen, goggles, and swim On a mama sunscreen, goggles, and swim On a mama sunscreen, goggles, and swim bag run to get this stuff. Oh, and bag run to get this stuff. Oh, and bag run to get this stuff. Oh, and water. Got some water. There's some water. Got some water. There's some water. Got some water. There's some chairs. A lot of people since they're chairs. A lot of people since they're chairs. A lot of people since they're getting back on the ship, they've kind getting back on the ship, they've kind getting back on the ship, they've kind of abandoned their chairs. So, we're of abandoned their chairs. So, we're of abandoned their chairs. So, we're like, "Do you mind if we do?" I'm just like, "Do you mind if we do?" I'm just like, "Do you mind if we do?" I'm just sitting by the water, the girls, that's sitting by the water, the girls, that's sitting by the water, the girls, that's all they want to do is play. I'm like, all they want to do is play. I'm like, all they want to do is play. I'm like, "Do you want to go this splash pad? Do "Do you want to go this splash pad? Do "Do you want to go this splash pad? Do you want to go check out something you want to go check out something you want to go check out something else?" And they're like, "Nope, we want else?" And they're like, "Nope, we want else?" And they're like, "Nope, we want the water." I have little mermaids over the water." I have little mermaids over the water." I have little mermaids over here and they are loving this. Okay, here and they are loving this. Okay, here and they are loving this. Okay, just because the poor lifeguard made just because the poor lifeguard made just because the poor lifeguard made this announcement this announcement this announcement literally 20 times in a row. literally 20 times in a row. literally 20 times in a row. &gt;&gt; In a row, &gt;&gt; In a row, &gt;&gt; In a row, &gt;&gt; non-stop &gt;&gt; non-stop &gt;&gt; non-stop &gt;&gt; for like almost 5 minutes. &gt;&gt; for like almost 5 minutes. &gt;&gt; for like almost 5 minutes. If you are snorkeling, whether you bring If you are snorkeling, whether you bring If you are snorkeling, whether you bring your own gear, you use Disney's gear, I your own gear, you use Disney's gear, I your own gear, you use Disney's gear, I don't care what gear, if you are don't care what gear, if you are don't care what gear, if you are snorkeling at all, you have to wear a snorkeling at all, you have to wear a snorkeling at all, you have to wear a life vest. I don't care if you're three life vest. I don't care if you're three life vest. I don't care if you're three or you're 99, you have to wear that. And or you're 99, you have to wear that. And or you're 99, you have to wear that. And anywhere in between. So, please anywhere in between. So, please anywhere in between. So, please have some lifeguards out so they're not have some lifeguards out so they're not have some lifeguards out so they're not yelling at you. Put your life on. yelling at you. Put your life on. yelling at you. Put your life on. I swear like one person would get in the I swear like one person would get in the I swear like one person would get in the water and they would yell it like three water and they would yell it like three water and they would yell it like three or four times and that person would get or four times and that person would get or four times and that person would get out get a vest and then not even 20 out get a vest and then not even 20 out get a vest and then not even 20 seconds later somebody else was getting seconds later somebody else was getting seconds later somebody else was getting in. It's like did did you not hear them in. It's like did did you not hear them in. It's like did did you not hear them make the announcement? Like &gt;&gt; do you think it doesn't apply to you? &gt;&gt; do you think it doesn't apply to you? &gt;&gt; do you think it doesn't apply to you? &gt;&gt; Help our lifeguards out. Like they're &gt;&gt; Help our lifeguards out. Like they're &gt;&gt; Help our lifeguards out. Like they're being so great. They're taking care of being so great. They're taking care of being so great. They're taking care of us. Help them out. Didn't get it. Didn't get it. Didn't get it. &gt;&gt; Oh, didn't get it. Okay, here you go. &gt;&gt; Is it better? &gt;&gt; I see how it was. &gt;&gt; I see how it was. &gt;&gt; I see how it was. &gt;&gt; Better go. &gt;&gt; Better go. &gt;&gt; Better go. &gt;&gt; Oh, we're going now. They're shutting it &gt;&gt; Oh, we're going now. They're shutting it &gt;&gt; Oh, we're going now. They're shutting it down. down. down. &gt;&gt; They're getting ready to clean the last &gt;&gt; They're getting ready to clean the last &gt;&gt; They're getting ready to clean the last ice cream machine. Sun's out, so you ice cream machine. Sun's out, so you ice cream machine. Sun's out, so you better go. better go. better go. &gt;&gt; Let's go, baby. &gt;&gt; Let's go, baby. &gt;&gt; Let's go, baby. &gt;&gt; Run. &gt;&gt; Run. &gt;&gt; Run. &gt;&gt; No running. No running at Disney. &gt;&gt; No running. No running at Disney. &gt;&gt; No running. No running at Disney. &gt;&gt; Well, you can only run here. &gt;&gt; Well, you can only run here. &gt;&gt; Well, you can only run here. &gt;&gt; No running here. We're still at Disney. &gt;&gt; No running here. We're still at Disney. &gt;&gt; No running here. We're still at Disney. &gt;&gt; I think we're going to make it. &gt;&gt; Wait, let me think. &gt;&gt; Wait, let me think. &gt;&gt; Wait, let me think. &gt;&gt; Okay, we get chocolate. &gt;&gt; Okay, we get chocolate. &gt;&gt; Okay, we get chocolate. Oh, look at that. All right, here you Oh, look at that. All right, here you Oh, look at that. All right, here you go. go. go. &gt;&gt; Oh, here you go. This one's yours. &gt;&gt; Oh, here you go. This one's yours. &gt;&gt; Oh, here you go. This one's yours. &gt;&gt; Whoa. &gt;&gt; Whoa. &gt;&gt; Whoa. Yummy, yummy. Yummy, yummy. Yummy, yummy. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Woo! We just made it. We got the ice Woo! We just made it. We got the ice Woo! We just made it. We got the ice cream. cream. cream. It's melting. It's melting fast. It's definitely soft serve. It's definitely soft serve. It's definitely soft serve. We'll get more on the ship, though. Oh. We'll get more on the ship, though. Oh. We'll get more on the ship, though. Oh. Was that good? that good? that good? Did I hit the spot? Did I hit the spot? Did I hit the spot? &gt;&gt; It is almost 3:00 and I think so many &gt;&gt; It is almost 3:00 and I think so many &gt;&gt; It is almost 3:00 and I think so many people have already gone back on this people have already gone back on this people have already gone back on this ship. Um the all aboard time today is ship. Um the all aboard time today is ship. Um the all aboard time today is a half of Castaway tropical fun. It is a half of Castaway tropical fun. It is a half of Castaway tropical fun. It is around 40° at home, so we are trying to around 40° at home, so we are trying to around 40° at home, so we are trying to soak up every bit of THIS WE CAN. SO, MY PARENTS are doing some shopping SO, MY PARENTS are doing some shopping SO, MY PARENTS are doing some shopping and then they're heading back onto the and then they're heading back onto the and then they're heading back onto the ship and then we are headed back over to ship and then we are headed back over to ship and then we are headed back over to the cabana to check it out a little bit the cabana to check it out a little bit the cabana to check it out a little bit more. They had floats and stuff over more. They had floats and stuff over more. They had floats and stuff over there like we showed earlier and Lucy's there like we showed earlier and Lucy's there like we showed earlier and Lucy's like wanting to do a float. &gt;&gt; Are you there yet? &gt;&gt; Are you there yet? &gt;&gt; Are you there yet? &gt;&gt; No, baby. The tram stops to the right. &gt;&gt; No, baby. The tram stops to the right. &gt;&gt; No, baby. The tram stops to the right. Are we waiting for the next tram? Are we waiting for the next tram? Are we waiting for the next tram? &gt;&gt; Yep. We're waiting for the tram to come &gt;&gt; Yep. We're waiting for the tram to come &gt;&gt; Yep. We're waiting for the tram to come to take us over there. to take us over there. to take us over there. &gt;&gt; Coming. &gt;&gt; Coming. &gt;&gt; Coming. &gt;&gt; It's going to come right in here. &gt;&gt; It's going to come right in here. &gt;&gt; It's going to come right in here. &gt;&gt; Have to wait to get &gt;&gt; Have to wait to get &gt;&gt; Have to wait to get &gt;&gt; That's where we're going. &gt;&gt; That's where we're going. &gt;&gt; That's where we're going. &gt;&gt; Wait right here. Okay. Which one are we getting? Which one are we getting? Which one are we getting? &gt;&gt; We're the one that says one nine. &gt;&gt; We only have a flight. We do have &gt;&gt; We only have a flight. We do have &gt;&gt; We only have a flight. We do have They're right there. They're right there. They're right there. &gt;&gt; Okay. I can definitely see the appeal &gt;&gt; Okay. I can definitely see the appeal &gt;&gt; Okay. I can definitely see the appeal of the cabana. of the cabana. of the cabana. It is It is It is $965, $965, $965, I believe. &gt;&gt; Whoa. &gt;&gt; Whoa. &gt;&gt; Whoa. &gt;&gt; I was trying to gauge your reaction of &gt;&gt; I was trying to gauge your reaction of &gt;&gt; I was trying to gauge your reaction of like me. But yeah, I mean I me. But yeah, I mean I me. But yeah, I mean I this just sitting here is so nice. like, this just sitting here is so nice. like, this just sitting here is so nice. like, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm I think the cabana bug has bitten. I'm I think the cabana bug has bitten. I'm I think the cabana bug has bitten. Yeah, this is great. But I do have to Yeah, this is great. But I do have to Yeah, this is great. But I do have to say I come from the mindset of like say I come from the mindset of like say I come from the mindset of like we've spent so much to get on the we've spent so much to get on the we've spent so much to get on the cruise. I don't want to spend a ton on cruise. I don't want to spend a ton on cruise. I don't want to spend a ton on excursions and things cuz the cruise is excursions and things cuz the cruise is excursions and things cuz the cruise is so expensive. So, it's always like I so expensive. So, it's always like I so expensive. So, it's always like I hate to spend even more on top of it. hate to spend even more on top of it. hate to spend even more on top of it. But I will say for for Castaway, I feel But I will say for for Castaway, I feel But I will say for for Castaway, I feel like this is this is definitely worth like this is this is definitely worth like this is this is definitely worth it. Especially if you were going to like it. Especially if you were going to like it. Especially if you were going to like beach all day kind of people, I can see beach all day kind of people, I can see beach all day kind of people, I can see how this would 1,000% how this would 1,000% how this would 1,000% be fantastic. And honestly, with our be fantastic. And honestly, with our be fantastic. And honestly, with our kids, I think we would be beach all day kids, I think we would be beach all day kids, I think we would be beach all day kind of people. It may be too far out to see, but I can It may be too far out to see, but I can It may be too far out to see, but I can see a cool pelican. It just dove into see a cool pelican. It just dove into see a cool pelican. It just dove into the water. I bet there's little crabies in there. I bet there's little crabies in there. I bet there's little crabies in there. Comey, come. Comey, come. Comey, come. I'm getting out of here before a big I'm getting out of here before a big I'm getting out of here before a big crab comes. Mhm. Good job. Y'all relaxing? Y'all relaxing? Y'all relaxing? &gt;&gt; We are. &gt;&gt; We are. &gt;&gt; We are. &gt;&gt; You're going out the sea, huh? &gt;&gt; You're going out the sea, huh? &gt;&gt; You're going out the sea, huh? &gt;&gt; I know. It keeps trying to pull me out. &gt;&gt; I know. It keeps trying to pull me out. &gt;&gt; I know. It keeps trying to pull me out. &gt;&gt; It spins you around like a top and it &gt;&gt; It spins you around like a top and it &gt;&gt; It spins you around like a top and it says, "Come out the sea." says, "Come out the sea." says, "Come out the sea." &gt;&gt; I know. This water is almost like angel, &gt;&gt; I know. This water is almost like angel, &gt;&gt; I know. This water is almost like angel, though. &gt;&gt; I'm going over there. out the sea. &gt;&gt; Bye, mommy. &gt;&gt; Bye, mommy. &gt;&gt; Bye, mommy. It It It &gt;&gt; was very nice knowing you. &gt;&gt; was very nice knowing you. &gt;&gt; was very nice knowing you. &gt;&gt; I love you. &gt;&gt; I love you. &gt;&gt; I love you. &gt;&gt; I'll love you forever. &gt;&gt; I'll love you forever. &gt;&gt; I'll love you forever. &gt;&gt; I love you forever. &gt;&gt; I love you forever. &gt;&gt; I love you forever. &gt;&gt; Oh, you're coming back. &gt;&gt; Oh, you're coming back. &gt;&gt; Oh, you're coming back. &gt;&gt; Even better. &gt;&gt; Even better. &gt;&gt; Even better. &gt;&gt; Short dress. &gt;&gt; Short dress. &gt;&gt; Short dress. &gt;&gt; Nice. I'll still love you forever. &gt;&gt; Nice. I'll still love you forever. &gt;&gt; Nice. I'll still love you forever. &gt;&gt; Oh, good. &gt;&gt; Oh, good. &gt;&gt; Oh, good. &gt;&gt; I'm flipping. &gt;&gt; I'm flipping. &gt;&gt; I'm flipping. &gt;&gt; No sand. &gt;&gt; No sand. &gt;&gt; No sand. &gt;&gt; No sand. Got to clean it out. We're having big feelings. She doesn't We're having big feelings. She doesn't We're having big feelings. She doesn't want to say goodbye to the cabana. She want to say goodbye to the cabana. She want to say goodbye to the cabana. She said, "I don't want to leave." said, "I don't want to leave." said, "I don't want to leave." &gt;&gt; I don't blame you. &gt;&gt; These are nice and fun. &gt;&gt; These are nice and fun. &gt;&gt; These are nice and fun. &gt;&gt; Aren't they nice? &gt;&gt; Aren't they nice? &gt;&gt; Aren't they nice? &gt;&gt; They're so nice. &gt;&gt; They're so nice. &gt;&gt; They're so nice. &gt;&gt; Hungry. &gt;&gt; Hungry. &gt;&gt; Hungry. Get some fruit. There's a banana in Get some fruit. There's a banana in Get some fruit. There's a banana in there and an apple. there and an apple. there and an apple. A nice cool munching apple. &gt;&gt; Yummy. &gt;&gt; Yummy. &gt;&gt; Yummy. &gt;&gt; Get your girls some water. &gt;&gt; Get your girls some water. &gt;&gt; Get your girls some water. &gt;&gt; I haven't eat a munching apple for &gt;&gt; I haven't eat a munching apple for &gt;&gt; I haven't eat a munching apple for weeks. weeks. weeks. &gt;&gt; I know. It's been a long time, hasn't &gt;&gt; I know. It's been a long time, hasn't &gt;&gt; I know. It's been a long time, hasn't it? it? it? &gt;&gt; Mommy, I want an apple, too. &gt;&gt; Mommy, I want an apple, too. &gt;&gt; Mommy, I want an apple, too. &gt;&gt; You want an apple, too? All right. It's &gt;&gt; You want an apple, too? All right. It's &gt;&gt; You want an apple, too? All right. It's in the fridge. That's the apple. in the fridge. That's the apple. in the fridge. That's the apple. &gt;&gt; Is this the apple? &gt;&gt; Is this the apple? &gt;&gt; Is this the apple? &gt;&gt; It is. It is the same apple. &gt;&gt; Is that a naked apple? &gt;&gt; That's silly. &gt;&gt; That's silly. &gt;&gt; That's silly. &gt;&gt; We'll see you real soon. &gt;&gt; Enjoying your apple? &gt;&gt; Enjoying your apple? &gt;&gt; Enjoying your apple? &gt;&gt; Uhhuh. &gt;&gt; It is 4:05. Would we be any other family &gt;&gt; It is 4:05. Would we be any other family &gt;&gt; It is 4:05. Would we be any other family if we weren't shutting something down? if we weren't shutting something down? if we weren't shutting something down? The allboard time is 4:30. So like The allboard time is 4:30. So like The allboard time is 4:30. So like Dan's like starting to shake a little Dan's like starting to shake a little Dan's like starting to shake a little bit bit bit &gt;&gt; and I'M JUST LIKE IT'S FINE. We've got &gt;&gt; and I'M JUST LIKE IT'S FINE. We've got &gt;&gt; and I'M JUST LIKE IT'S FINE. We've got &gt;&gt; We'll be fine. &gt;&gt; We'll be fine. &gt;&gt; We'll be fine. &gt;&gt; About to get a job on that. &gt;&gt; About to get a job on that. &gt;&gt; About to get a job on that. &gt;&gt; I'm like we're going to spend all the &gt;&gt; I'm like we're going to spend all the &gt;&gt; I'm like we're going to spend all the time. Like I I all all the evening cuz time. Like I I all all the evening cuz time. Like I I all all the evening cuz it's so nice cuz there's nobody here. it's so nice cuz there's nobody here. it's so nice cuz there's nobody here. Like once you start hitting that lunch Like once you start hitting that lunch Like once you start hitting that lunch hour, people start heading back to the hour, people start heading back to the hour, people start heading back to the ship and it's just absolutely amazing. ship and it's just absolutely amazing. ship and it's just absolutely amazing. And I am all for a low crowd Disney And I am all for a low crowd Disney And I am all for a low crowd Disney thing. Okay. thing. Okay. thing. Okay. &gt;&gt; Even castway. &gt;&gt; Don't leave us. I mean, I can think of worse places to I mean, I can think of worse places to I mean, I can think of worse places to be left. be left. be left. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; Where? &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; We're worried. &gt;&gt; We're worried. &gt;&gt; We're worried. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we have five more minutes. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we have five more minutes. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we have five more minutes. &gt;&gt; WE'RE ALL do it next. Okay. Tech doors are do it next. Okay. Tech doors are do it next. Okay. Tech doors are opening. opening. opening. &gt;&gt; Wait, actually I hope it sounds &gt;&gt; Wait, actually I hope it sounds &gt;&gt; Wait, actually I hope it sounds &gt;&gt; I don't know that they do stitch. And if &gt;&gt; I don't know that they do stitch. And if &gt;&gt; I don't know that they do stitch. And if you know, you know. The saddest part of you know, you know. The saddest part of you know, you know. The saddest part of the cruise. the cruise. the cruise. So, for those of you that don't know, So, for those of you that don't know, So, for those of you that don't know, this is what you put on your your this is what you put on your your this is what you put on your your luggage when it's time to leave. You luggage when it's time to leave. You luggage when it's time to leave. You have to have your bags out in the have to have your bags out in the have to have your bags out in the hallway by 10:00 p.m. with these tags on hallway by 10:00 p.m. with these tags on hallway by 10:00 p.m. with these tags on it. If you are having them take your it. If you are having them take your it. If you are having them take your luggage off and you get that, you'll luggage off and you get that, you'll luggage off and you get that, you'll pick it up in the port. Um, but yeah. pick it up in the port. Um, but yeah. pick it up in the port. Um, but yeah. It's sad. I don't like it. But it's It's sad. I don't like it. But it's It's sad. I don't like it. But it's over. over. over. &gt;&gt; Goodbye, Castaway. &gt;&gt; I got some chocolate. &gt;&gt; I miss it already. &gt;&gt; I miss it already. &gt;&gt; I miss it already. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. You got chocolate money. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. You got chocolate money. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. You got chocolate money. So, we've been doing the shower So, we've been doing the shower So, we've been doing the shower and get cleaned up for dinner shuffle. and get cleaned up for dinner shuffle. and get cleaned up for dinner shuffle. That is the last day. Um, I did not take That is the last day. Um, I did not take That is the last day. Um, I did not take my own advice and slowly start packing. my own advice and slowly start packing. my own advice and slowly start packing. I just left it all to today. Don't I just left it all to today. Don't I just left it all to today. Don't follow that. Follow my advice. Don't follow that. Follow my advice. Don't follow that. Follow my advice. Don't follow what I did. I needed to have follow what I did. I needed to have follow what I did. I needed to have I needed started slowly packing. So, if I needed started slowly packing. So, if I needed started slowly packing. So, if you're doing a cruise and you're like, you're doing a cruise and you're like, you're doing a cruise and you're like, as you use things or you're not going to as you use things or you're not going to as you use things or you're not going to use them again, you're not going to wear use them again, you're not going to wear use them again, you're not going to wear things again, go ahead and just like things again, go ahead and just like things again, go ahead and just like tuck them in the suitcase. Make it a tuck them in the suitcase. Make it a tuck them in the suitcase. Make it a little bit easier. Where's my other little bit easier. Where's my other little bit easier. Where's my other shoe? shoe? shoe? Oh, here it is. Oh, here it is. Oh, here it is. &gt;&gt; You got chocolate. &gt;&gt; You got chocolate. &gt;&gt; You got chocolate. &gt;&gt; Chocolate money. Um, it's going to be &gt;&gt; Chocolate money. Um, it's going to be &gt;&gt; Chocolate money. Um, it's going to be busy because we're doing photos and all busy because we're doing photos and all busy because we're doing photos and all that good stuff. And then we've got the that good stuff. And then we've got the that good stuff. And then we've got the show and then we've got the final show and then we've got the final show and then we've got the final farewell and all that good stuff. So, farewell and all that good stuff. So, farewell and all that good stuff. So, it's going to be kind of moving and you it's going to be kind of moving and you it's going to be kind of moving and you have to have your bags in the hallway by have to have your bags in the hallway by have to have your bags in the hallway by deal with suitcases in the morning and deal with suitcases in the morning and deal with suitcases in the morning and like trying to get them through. Um, I like trying to get them through. Um, I like trying to get them through. Um, I want to be as minimal as possible. you want to be as minimal as possible. you want to be as minimal as possible. you can take your own luggage off and do can take your own luggage off and do can take your own luggage off and do what's called a walk off. Um, but I just what's called a walk off. Um, but I just what's called a walk off. Um, but I just find it a little bit easier with find it a little bit easier with find it a little bit easier with everything to just have them take the everything to just have them take the everything to just have them take the bags just like we have them bring them bags just like we have them bring them bags just like we have them bring them on. Um, so we're trying to get on. Um, so we're trying to get on. Um, so we're trying to get everything together. I think we're everything together. I think we're everything together. I think we're almost there. We've got clothes laid out almost there. We've got clothes laid out almost there. We've got clothes laid out for tomorrow for traveling and then for tomorrow for traveling and then for tomorrow for traveling and then we've got we've got we've got &gt;&gt; pirates. I am pirate. I'm trying to &gt;&gt; pirates. I am pirate. I'm trying to &gt;&gt; pirates. I am pirate. I'm trying to destroy you. destroy you. destroy you. &gt;&gt; Good job. Bye-bye. All right, just a &gt;&gt; Good job. Bye-bye. All right, just a &gt;&gt; Good job. Bye-bye. All right, just a second. Let me finish. Okay, but we're second. Let me finish. Okay, but we're second. Let me finish. Okay, but we're going to do that. Got a bag that we can going to do that. Got a bag that we can going to do that. Got a bag that we can put our toiletries and that sort of put our toiletries and that sort of put our toiletries and that sort of things in. It just makes it a lot easier things in. It just makes it a lot easier things in. It just makes it a lot easier in the morning. It's super early. You in the morning. It's super early. You in the morning. It's super early. You You don't really want to be up at that You don't really want to be up at that You don't really want to be up at that hour. It's just kind of It is what it hour. It's just kind of It is what it hour. It's just kind of It is what it is. But you just make the best of it. is. But you just make the best of it. is. But you just make the best of it. So, we're going to make the best of it. So, we're going to make the best of it. So, we're going to make the best of it. I'm going to finish throwing on a little I'm going to finish throwing on a little I'm going to finish throwing on a little bit more makeup before we run out the bit more makeup before we run out the bit more makeup before we run out the door. door. door. Also, y'all pray my phone starts Also, y'all pray my phone starts Also, y'all pray my phone starts charging. It died while we were on the charging. It died while we were on the charging. It died while we were on the island. island. island. and it will not charge now. and it will not charge now. and it will not charge now. &gt;&gt; It's making me a little nervous. There's &gt;&gt; It's making me a little nervous. There's &gt;&gt; It's making me a little nervous. There's like so much like it's in the the cloud like so much like it's in the the cloud like so much like it's in the the cloud as well. Everything before this trip as well. Everything before this trip as well. Everything before this trip obviously what's on the trip now I don't obviously what's on the trip now I don't obviously what's on the trip now I don't think is in in the cloud. So I'm just so think is in in the cloud. So I'm just so think is in in the cloud. So I'm just so I'm kind of low key lowkey panicking but I'm kind of low key lowkey panicking but I'm kind of low key lowkey panicking but I'm hoping it'll start charging. It'll I'm hoping it'll start charging. It'll I'm hoping it'll start charging. It'll be fine. It's just extra debt. But we'll be fine. It's just extra debt. But we'll be fine. It's just extra debt. But we'll see. see. see. All right, we are getting ready All right, we are getting ready All right, we are getting ready &gt;&gt; for dinner and for getting off the ship &gt;&gt; for dinner and for getting off the ship &gt;&gt; for dinner and for getting off the ship sadly. sadly. sadly. &gt;&gt; Well, a very good evening everyone. This &gt;&gt; Well, a very good evening everyone. This &gt;&gt; Well, a very good evening everyone. This is Tom Hanks. The cruise director asked is Tom Hanks. The cruise director asked is Tom Hanks. The cruise director asked me to MAKE AN ANNOUNCEMENT ON A CRUISE me to MAKE AN ANNOUNCEMENT ON A CRUISE me to MAKE AN ANNOUNCEMENT ON A CRUISE ship and I was like, I can't pass up ship and I was like, I can't pass up ship and I was like, I can't pass up this opportunity. this opportunity. this opportunity. Ding, including the elegance of 1923. It's a fancy parade. It's a fancy parade. It's a fancy parade. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; let's do it. &gt;&gt; let's do it. &gt;&gt; let's do it. &gt;&gt; All right, stand up. Hey, wipe. &gt;&gt; All right, stand up. Hey, wipe. &gt;&gt; All right, stand up. Hey, wipe. It's It's It's &gt;&gt; a pretty sign. And the water is so pretty. And the water is so pretty. And the water is so pretty. &gt;&gt; I can always &gt;&gt; make a ship. &gt;&gt; You can. &gt;&gt; You can. &gt;&gt; You can. &gt;&gt; She might be able to make a drink. &gt;&gt; She might be able to make a drink. &gt;&gt; She might be able to make a drink. &gt;&gt; What can you make out of it? &gt;&gt; What can you make out of it? &gt;&gt; What can you make out of it? Oo, big yawn. Big big yawn. big yawn. Big big yawn. big yawn. Big big yawn. &gt;&gt; It's really funny that every &gt;&gt; It's really funny that every &gt;&gt; It's really funny that every &gt;&gt; It's been a long night. Okay. &gt;&gt; It's been a long night. Okay. &gt;&gt; It's been a long night. Okay. &gt;&gt; It's really funny that we see my dad guy &gt;&gt; It's really funny that we see my dad guy &gt;&gt; It's really funny that we see my dad guy in every restaurant. in every restaurant. in every restaurant. &gt;&gt; It's funny that we see him. Well, he is &gt;&gt; It's funny that we see him. Well, he is &gt;&gt; It's funny that we see him. Well, he is our waiter. He's supposed to follow us our waiter. He's supposed to follow us our waiter. He's supposed to follow us to every restaurant. to every restaurant. to every restaurant. &gt;&gt; Yes. That's funny. &gt;&gt; Yes. That's funny. &gt;&gt; Yes. That's funny. &gt;&gt; It's kind of funny. Well, it's part of &gt;&gt; It's kind of funny. Well, it's part of &gt;&gt; It's kind of funny. Well, it's part of the cruise experience. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Um dish a rer. &gt;&gt; Um dish a rer. &gt;&gt; Um dish a rer. &gt;&gt; We getting we getting two of those. &gt;&gt; We getting we getting two of those. &gt;&gt; We getting we getting two of those. &gt;&gt; Do you want the tomatoes too &gt;&gt; Do you want the tomatoes too &gt;&gt; Do you want the tomatoes too &gt;&gt; each &gt;&gt; each &gt;&gt; each for the restaurant for the restaurant for the restaurant tonight? tonight? tonight? &gt;&gt; I would like to get the torillini. Can I &gt;&gt; I would like to get the torillini. Can I &gt;&gt; I would like to get the torillini. Can I get two of those? get two of those? get two of those? And then one of the tomato soups. And And then one of the tomato soups. And And then one of the tomato soups. And then for the entree, I want to do the then for the entree, I want to do the then for the entree, I want to do the pasta and the fillet. Um medium, please. pasta and the fillet. Um medium, please. pasta and the fillet. Um medium, please. I would like two of the four cheesecolor I would like two of the four cheesecolor I would like two of the four cheesecolor tortillinis. They are so good. Um the tortillinis. They are so good. Um the tortillinis. They are so good. Um the tomato soup. I'd like the the lamb and a tomato soup. I'd like the the lamb and a tomato soup. I'd like the the lamb and a fillet. fillet. fillet. &gt;&gt; No bacon, right? &gt;&gt; No bacon, right? &gt;&gt; No bacon, right? &gt;&gt; No bacon. &gt;&gt; No bacon. &gt;&gt; No bacon. &gt;&gt; I'll take the fillet with bacon. &gt;&gt; I'll take the fillet with bacon. &gt;&gt; I'll take the fillet with bacon. &gt;&gt; Uh it's wrapped in green. Yes, there is four totalities for two Yes, there is four totalities for two Yes, there is four totalities for two people. It's It's It's &gt;&gt; so good. I'm sorry. I know the camera is &gt;&gt; so good. I'm sorry. I know the camera is &gt;&gt; so good. I'm sorry. I know the camera is rising, but I can't help it. &gt;&gt; We are going to &gt;&gt; You want three scoops? &gt;&gt; You want three scoops? &gt;&gt; You want three scoops? &gt;&gt; Four. &gt;&gt; Four. &gt;&gt; Four. &gt;&gt; You were hungry, weren't you? &gt;&gt; You were hungry, weren't you? &gt;&gt; You were hungry, weren't you? &gt;&gt; We didn't really have lunch. We just had &gt;&gt; We didn't really have lunch. We just had &gt;&gt; We didn't really have lunch. We just had a a big breakfast, but late breakfast. a a big breakfast, but late breakfast. a a big breakfast, but late breakfast. So, So, So, I was ready. Are you all done with the I was ready. Are you all done with the I was ready. Are you all done with the soup now? Okay. &gt;&gt; This tomato soup, this little bread &gt;&gt; This tomato soup, this little bread &gt;&gt; This tomato soup, this little bread stick here is so fluffy and delicious. All right. All right. All right. Amazing, right? How is it? So good. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; All right. Got some lamb. &gt;&gt; All right. Got some lamb. &gt;&gt; All right. Got some lamb. &gt;&gt; This is your favorite restaurant. &gt;&gt; This is your favorite restaurant. &gt;&gt; This is your favorite restaurant. &gt;&gt; Oh, yes. &gt;&gt; They said, "Do you want the sauce?" I &gt;&gt; They said, "Do you want the sauce?" I &gt;&gt; They said, "Do you want the sauce?" I said, "You're getting the sauce. It's said, "You're getting the sauce. It's said, "You're getting the sauce. It's good. good. good. &gt;&gt; You want the sauce? &gt;&gt; You want the sauce? &gt;&gt; You want the sauce? &gt;&gt; You want the sauce? I'm ready. Okay. Yep. Camera, you ate I'm ready. Okay. Yep. Camera, you ate I'm ready. Okay. Yep. Camera, you ate enough. It's my turn. enough. It's my turn. enough. It's my turn. &gt;&gt; So good. The fillet is fantastic as &gt;&gt; So good. The fillet is fantastic as &gt;&gt; So good. The fillet is fantastic as always. I love the pasta. Goes nicely together. Goes nicely together. Goes nicely together. &gt;&gt; This fillet is fantastic. This lamb is &gt;&gt; This fillet is fantastic. This lamb is &gt;&gt; This fillet is fantastic. This lamb is very good as well. very good as well. very good as well. I'd go with the fillet cuz I like steak I'd go with the fillet cuz I like steak I'd go with the fillet cuz I like steak more than lamb. That's where I'm at. more than lamb. That's where I'm at. more than lamb. That's where I'm at. &gt;&gt; My favorite here is the churros. It just &gt;&gt; My favorite here is the churros. It just &gt;&gt; My favorite here is the churros. It just feels classic Disney. And then Dean feels classic Disney. And then Dean feels classic Disney. And then Dean loves the apple cheesecake. loves the apple cheesecake. loves the apple cheesecake. Oh, I'm so excited for dessert. I just Oh, I'm so excited for dessert. I just Oh, I'm so excited for dessert. I just We love 1923. It is It's so nice. It's We love 1923. It is It's so nice. It's We love 1923. It is It's so nice. It's so relaxing in here, which is amazing so relaxing in here, which is amazing so relaxing in here, which is amazing compared to the others, which feel a compared to the others, which feel a compared to the others, which feel a little overstimulating, but we love it. little overstimulating, but we love it. little overstimulating, but we love it. It's making my brain hurt. It's making my brain hurt. It's making my brain hurt. &gt;&gt; Our waiter gave us this thing. He said, &gt;&gt; Our waiter gave us this thing. He said, &gt;&gt; Our waiter gave us this thing. He said, "Here, pick up all three of these straws "Here, pick up all three of these straws "Here, pick up all three of these straws with this straw. I have no idea how to with this straw. I have no idea how to with this straw. I have no idea how to do it." &gt;&gt; Apple cheesecake. &gt;&gt; Apple cheesecake. &gt;&gt; Apple cheesecake. Delicious as always. &gt;&gt; A yummy sundae. Delicious as always. &gt;&gt; A yummy sundae. Delicious as always. &gt;&gt; A yummy sundae. Delicious as always. &gt;&gt; A blueberry something. That looks great. &gt;&gt; A blueberry something. That looks great. &gt;&gt; A blueberry something. That looks great. &gt;&gt; Blueberry lemon, I think. &gt;&gt; Blueberry lemon, I think. &gt;&gt; Blueberry lemon, I think. &gt;&gt; Blueberry lemon something or other. That &gt;&gt; Blueberry lemon something or other. That &gt;&gt; Blueberry lemon something or other. That looks delicious, too. looks delicious, too. looks delicious, too. Everything here is good. Everything here is good. Everything here is good. &gt;&gt; Everything. &gt;&gt; Everything. &gt;&gt; Everything. &gt;&gt; I think so. &gt;&gt; I think so. &gt;&gt; I think so. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; And churros. Churros are always good. &gt;&gt; And churros. Churros are always good. &gt;&gt; And churros. Churros are always good. &gt;&gt; I naturally. &gt;&gt; I naturally. &gt;&gt; I naturally. &gt;&gt; How was your dessert? &gt;&gt; That's so good. I'm getting so sleepy. &gt;&gt; That's so good. I'm getting so sleepy. &gt;&gt; That's so good. I'm getting so sleepy. &gt;&gt; You are You're knocking out. You're &gt;&gt; You are You're knocking out. You're &gt;&gt; You are You're knocking out. You're about falling asleep already. My dessert about falling asleep already. My dessert about falling asleep already. My dessert is so good. I like it. I like it a lot. is so good. I like it. I like it a lot. is so good. I like it. I like it a lot. &gt;&gt; I want to go up to Wishing Star and get &gt;&gt; I want to go up to Wishing Star and get &gt;&gt; I want to go up to Wishing Star and get a nice coffee. a nice coffee. a nice coffee. &gt;&gt; A nice iced coffee. &gt;&gt; A nice iced coffee. &gt;&gt; A nice iced coffee. &gt;&gt; A nice iced coffee. &gt;&gt; A nice iced coffee. &gt;&gt; A nice iced coffee. &gt;&gt; We did it. We did it. We got a regular &gt;&gt; We did it. We did it. We got a regular &gt;&gt; We did it. We did it. We got a regular old Da Vinci over here. I can make you disappear. Ladies and gentlemen, the condo. 1 2 3 guys the condo. 1 2 3 guys the condo. 1 2 3 guys move. Oh, where did she go? Where's move. Oh, where did she go? Where's move. Oh, where did she go? Where's Noah? &gt;&gt; Bity move. &gt;&gt; Bity move. &gt;&gt; Bity move. Lucy goity. &gt;&gt; Where were you? LET'S grab a line for the tree. &gt;&gt; We learned just now. &gt;&gt; We learned just now. &gt;&gt; We learned just now. Why did the toilet paper not cross the Why did the toilet paper not cross the Why did the toilet paper not cross the road? road? road? &gt;&gt; Because it got stuck in a crash. &gt;&gt; Very classy. We'll do just a four and &gt;&gt; Very classy. We'll do just a four and &gt;&gt; Very classy. We'll do just a four and then we'll go up. Stand on the top. to see my room room room here. here. here. &gt;&gt; Among the creatures and small &gt;&gt; Among the creatures and small &gt;&gt; Among the creatures and small &gt;&gt; Lucy wanted to go to the kids club. She &gt;&gt; Lucy wanted to go to the kids club. She &gt;&gt; Lucy wanted to go to the kids club. She doesn't want to watch a movie or doesn't want to watch a movie or doesn't want to watch a movie or Aladdin. Aladdin. Aladdin. &gt;&gt; See you later, baby. Love you. &gt;&gt; Bye &gt;&gt; Bye &gt;&gt; Bye &gt;&gt; bye. &gt;&gt; bye. &gt;&gt; bye. &gt;&gt; Love you, baby. Whoa, look who it is. &gt;&gt; Hi. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Hi. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Hi. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, did you see Goofy? He's dancing. He's dancing. He's dancing. I can't see. Make a pit stop at the wishing star Make a pit stop at the wishing star Make a pit stop at the wishing star before the movie. before the movie. before the movie. &gt;&gt; The coffee has been acquired. &gt;&gt; The coffee has been acquired. &gt;&gt; The coffee has been acquired. &gt;&gt; Are you ready? Criminal Fox can ignore their mass Criminal Fox can ignore their mass Criminal Fox can ignore their mass differences and be better together. Ash is going to go get a coffee mug that Ash is going to go get a coffee mug that Ash is going to go get a coffee mug that she wanted. And I'm going to go get Lucy she wanted. And I'm going to go get Lucy she wanted. And I'm going to go get Lucy cuz it's about time for the farewell. cuz it's about time for the farewell. cuz it's about time for the farewell. Farewell starts at or final farewell Farewell starts at or final farewell Farewell starts at or final farewell starts at 10:15. It is uh Watch is dead, starts at 10:15. It is uh Watch is dead, starts at 10:15. It is uh Watch is dead, but it's about 10:00 right now. Um but it's about 10:00 right now. Um but it's about 10:00 right now. Um Zootopia 2, that was fun. Laugh out Zootopia 2, that was fun. Laugh out Zootopia 2, that was fun. Laugh out loud. Funny. Yeah, I enjoyed that one. No. Oh, hey Lucy. Did you have fun? No. Oh, hey Lucy. Did you have fun? No. Oh, hey Lucy. Did you have fun? &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, but I am a little hungry. but I am a little hungry. but I am a little hungry. &gt;&gt; You are a little hungry. Well, we'll do &gt;&gt; You are a little hungry. Well, we'll do &gt;&gt; You are a little hungry. Well, we'll do our final farewell and then we'll go get our final farewell and then we'll go get our final farewell and then we'll go get something to eat. One more time. I GO FOR WOW. &gt;&gt; Real fast. &gt;&gt; Real fast. &gt;&gt; Real fast. Donald, I've got a Donald on my back Donald, I've got a Donald on my back Donald, I've got a Donald on my back because you're number one. AWESOME. Thank you, Donald. Thank you, Donald. Thank you, Donald. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Donald. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Donald. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Donald. &gt;&gt; As I make my bond, gaze toward our star &gt;&gt; As I make my bond, gaze toward our star &gt;&gt; As I make my bond, gaze toward our star and watch its light renew. Believe the and watch its light renew. Believe the and watch its light renew. Believe the wish you wish tonight. For wishes do wish you wish tonight. For wishes do wish you wish tonight. For wishes do come true. come true. come true. &gt;&gt; Very well. &gt;&gt; Your wish is granted. &gt;&gt; Your wish is granted. &gt;&gt; Your wish is granted. OH, HEAT, HEAT, HEAT, HEAT. See you real soon. &gt;&gt; I see a beautiful woman. A beautiful &gt;&gt; I see a beautiful woman. A beautiful &gt;&gt; I see a beautiful woman. A beautiful woman that I love. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Mom. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Mom. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Mom. &gt;&gt; You're welcome, BABY. &gt;&gt; It's time. It's time to go back to the &gt;&gt; It's time. It's time to go back to the &gt;&gt; It's time. It's time to go back to the room. It's late. We tired. It's like room. It's late. We tired. It's like room. It's late. We tired. It's like &gt;&gt; almost 11. &gt;&gt; almost 11. &gt;&gt; almost 11. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's like 11:00. So, let's do &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's like 11:00. So, let's do &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's like 11:00. So, let's do this. Boo. Boo. Boo. &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; We're taking all the magnets off. I hear &gt;&gt; We're taking all the magnets off. I hear &gt;&gt; We're taking all the magnets off. I hear a kid crying. He's probably crying cuz a kid crying. He's probably crying cuz a kid crying. He's probably crying cuz he had to take all the magnets off. he had to take all the magnets off. he had to take all the magnets off. &gt;&gt; I don't blame him. &gt;&gt; I don't blame him. &gt;&gt; I don't blame him. &gt;&gt; Did you have fun on the trip, Bella? &gt;&gt; Did you have fun on the trip, Bella? &gt;&gt; Did you have fun on the trip, Bella? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I don't want to leave. &gt;&gt; I don't want to leave. &gt;&gt; I don't want to leave. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; That's just so &gt;&gt; That's just so &gt;&gt; That's just so &gt;&gt; We're on a last minute hunt for food cuz &gt;&gt; We're on a last minute hunt for food cuz &gt;&gt; We're on a last minute hunt for food cuz it's been catching up. it's been catching up. it's been catching up. &gt;&gt; That's true. Hey, friend. Spidey. &gt;&gt; That's true. Hey, friend. Spidey. &gt;&gt; That's true. Hey, friend. Spidey. &gt;&gt; It goes by really fast. &gt;&gt; It goes by really fast. &gt;&gt; It goes by really fast. &gt;&gt; It really does. &gt;&gt; It really does. &gt;&gt; It really does. &gt;&gt; So, what I want to eat is um &gt;&gt; So, what I want to eat is um &gt;&gt; So, what I want to eat is um I want to eat some I want to eat some I want to eat some I want to EAT PIZZA and Froot Loops and I want to EAT PIZZA and Froot Loops and I want to EAT PIZZA and Froot Loops and two chocolate chip muffins. two chocolate chip muffins. two chocolate chip muffins. We can all Let's see if there's We can all Let's see if there's We can all Let's see if there's something else we would like. something else we would like. something else we would like. like ice cream. Wonder what this Star like ice cream. Wonder what this Star like ice cream. Wonder what this Star Wars show is about. Wars show is about. Wars show is about. &gt;&gt; See if it's open. Pizza. &gt;&gt; See if it's open. Pizza. &gt;&gt; See if it's open. Pizza. &gt;&gt; Yay. &gt;&gt; Yay. &gt;&gt; Yay. Can Can Can &gt;&gt; I just get a little cheese and take it &gt;&gt; I just get a little cheese and take it &gt;&gt; I just get a little cheese and take it back to the room? back to the room? back to the room? &gt;&gt; YES. &gt;&gt; Let's try hot dogs. &gt;&gt; Let's try hot dogs. &gt;&gt; Let's try hot dogs. And And And &gt;&gt; yummy. &gt;&gt; yummy. &gt;&gt; yummy. &gt;&gt; Do you want to do this, please? Just &gt;&gt; Do you want to do this, please? Just &gt;&gt; Do you want to do this, please? Just &gt;&gt; Sprite. &gt;&gt; Sprite. &gt;&gt; Sprite. &gt;&gt; Successful pizza run, I'd say. &gt;&gt; Successful pizza run, I'd say. &gt;&gt; Successful pizza run, I'd say. &gt;&gt; It's nice that we can get pizza till &gt;&gt; It's nice that we can get pizza till &gt;&gt; It's nice that we can get pizza till midnight. midnight. midnight. &gt;&gt; I'm telling you, midnight pizza. I feel &gt;&gt; I'm telling you, midnight pizza. I feel &gt;&gt; I'm telling you, midnight pizza. I feel like we're in school. &gt;&gt; Midnight pizza. Delicious. Oh yeah. Let &gt;&gt; Midnight pizza. Delicious. Oh yeah. Let &gt;&gt; Midnight pizza. Delicious. Oh yeah. Let me get down here, would you? me get down here, would you? me get down here, would you? &gt;&gt; Well, that is going to round out our &gt;&gt; Well, that is going to round out our &gt;&gt; Well, that is going to round out our Disney Wish cruise. Hope you guys have Disney Wish cruise. Hope you guys have Disney Wish cruise. Hope you guys have enjoyed the video coming along for this enjoyed the video coming along for this enjoyed the video coming along for this little series. little series. little series. &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; This was fun &gt;&gt; This was fun &gt;&gt; This was fun &gt;&gt; trip. &gt;&gt; trip. &gt;&gt; trip. &gt;&gt; It has been fun. It has been great. So, &gt;&gt; It has been fun. It has been great. So, &gt;&gt; It has been fun. It has been great. So, if you have any cruise content requests, if you have any cruise content requests, if you have any cruise content requests, you can drop those down in the comment you can drop those down in the comment you can drop those down in the comment section. would love to start planning section. would love to start planning section. would love to start planning feedback is definitely welcome. So, if feedback is definitely welcome. So, if feedback is definitely welcome. So, if you have a special shift you'd love to you have a special shift you'd love to you have a special shift you'd love to see or anything like that, drop it down see or anything like that, drop it down see or anything like that, drop it down there. But, thank you again for there. But, thank you again for there. But, thank you again for following along for our adventures. I following along for our adventures. I following along for our adventures. I believe this is our last trip vlog and believe this is our last trip vlog and believe this is our last trip vlog and just vlog in general for 2025. just vlog in general for 2025. just vlog in general for 2025. So, with that, also, merry Christmas. So, with that, also, merry Christmas. So, with that, also, merry Christmas. Happy New Year. Happy New Year. Happy New Year. &gt;&gt; We'll see you next year. &gt;&gt; We'll see you next year. &gt;&gt; We'll see you next year. &gt;&gt; We'll see you next year. &gt;&gt; We'll see you next year. &gt;&gt; We'll see you next year. We're so excited. Got we do have some We're so excited. Got we do have some We're so excited. Got we do have some content already planned. We've got trips content already planned. We've got trips content already planned. We've got trips already booked for next year. So, we're already booked for next year. So, we're already booked for next year. So, we're we're looking forward to it. It's going we're looking forward to it. It's going we're looking forward to it. It's going to be a lot of fun. But, thank you. to be a lot of fun. But, thank you. to be a lot of fun. But, thank you. Thank you for the love. Thank you for Thank you for the love. Thank you for Thank you for the love. Thank you for the support. Thank you for always being the support. Thank you for always being the support. Thank you for always being so sweet, for saying hi, for just the so sweet, for saying hi, for just the so sweet, for saying hi, for just the kindness that you show us and just we kindness that you show us and just we kindness that you show us and just we love you guys and appreciate you so love you guys and appreciate you so love you guys and appreciate you so much. So, much. So, much. So, with that, it's going to do it. So, you with that, it's going to do it. So, you with that, it's going to do it. So, you have to leave some little star emojis. It's our midnight pizza girl. &gt;&gt; Oh, bunch of pizza emojis, too. &gt;&gt; Oh, bunch of pizza emojis, too. &gt;&gt; Oh, bunch of pizza emojis, too. &gt;&gt; Drop us some pizza emojis for Lucy. &gt;&gt; Drop us some pizza emojis for Lucy. &gt;&gt; Drop us some pizza emojis for Lucy. &gt;&gt; But we will see you guys right back here &gt;&gt; But we will see you guys right back here &gt;&gt; But we will see you guys right back here next year with some more vlogs. next year with some more vlogs. next year with some more vlogs. &gt;&gt; Bye &gt;&gt; Bye &gt;&gt; Bye &gt;&gt; bye. &gt;&gt; bye. &gt;&gt; bye. &gt;&gt; Peace. Bye. &gt;&gt; Good night, you guys.
