---
video_id: VoGgntqa7Eg
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "We Spent 24 Hours at Disney's Riviera Resort!"
published: 2025-09-18
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VoGgntqa7Eg
---
Hello you guys and welcome to our day at Disney's Riviera Resort. We are here spending the full day. We're checking in, checking out tomorrow. So, we're doing all kinds of things, helping you to know some tips and tricks for if you are already staying here and also to kind of give you some ideas of what it's like staying here. That way you can know whether you actually want to book it or not. And I'm so excited cuz we're also trying Toelinos for dinner for the very first time tonight. I will say though, dinner up until this moment has been quite stressful. So, I am so excited. My stomach's so excited. If you're excited too, go ahead, click that thumbs up button and let's go have some fun. So, we're kicking off our stay with some time at the pool. It is locked. So, you do have to have your Magic Band to get in and out. So, you cannot come over from Caribbean Beach and get in the pool. That is not allowed. It is for resort guest only. But this is the quiet pool. So, we call this the quiet pool cuz it doesn't have the slide. It doesn't have all of the activities going on. And it's also not right adjacent to the splash pad, so it's a little quieter. And it's also it's just usually a basic pool. But we are excited. We're gonna get some sunscreen on, grab some lunch, and I'm going to go pick up our mobile order from Primo Piato. Mobile order has been acquired. Now, time to hand it all out. Dig in the roll. I'm the noodle master. M farm fries. Naturally, we had to get the chicken Sammy and the tomato soup. Added a side of farm fries to share. The girls have the noodle kids meals with the sauce on the side. It did. It come with a mobile order sticker. I got a kids meal of pasta as well to go with it. Lucy got the same thing. And we're sharing the chicken. Sammy, can I have my half, please? Give me the Sammy. [Music] Huh? [Music] We came, we swam, and now we're ready to go to the other pool. Our room is ready, but don't feel like there's any point in going up to the room until we're like ready to shower and change and get clothes and do the whole thing. So, we're going to go. We've done what we call the quiet pool. Now, we're going to go over to the main pool with the water slide and a splash pad right next door. So, we're going to do that. They also that's where the gelato cart is located. So we might get some gelato. Who knows? We are enjoying our very last day here. We're doing this as a cap to our trip. So it's like one last day at Disney, but also spending the whole time at the resort. So we've been going hard. We've been doing the parks. We've been filming. We've done all the things. And now we're ready to chill, right? Yep. Yep. You look yourself. I did. I had to go dive for the sinkies that somebody left in the pool. I didn't [Music] I will say this pool gets extremely busy compared to the blue sole pool. Obviously, it has the water slide. It is right next door to the splash pad and it is also the zero entry pool. So, it's got a lot more going on. You do have the pool activity. So, if you have kids, that is great. But, if you are wanting more of a relaxing, chill vibe and experience, then I would definitely suggest hanging out at the Blue Sole Pool. if you don't want to be like walking around for a while looking for pool chairs. It's not impossible, but if it's hot and a lot of people are at the pool, everybody's wanting to cool off at the same time. It does get a bit crazy and hard to find chairs. Um, so just wanted to give that little heads up. Also, I really enjoyed the water slide here. I thought I filmed myself going down it, but I just took a picture. So, enjoy the fact that Dean was able to film going down the water slide. All right, headed up to the room. Right, number eight, please. Eight. Nope, that's nine. Number eight. We are being run inside due to lightning in the area. It's 2:51 in the afternoon. So, we grabbed some Mickey ice creams as a treat. We're headed to the room. Dean's gone to grab a bag so he doesn't we don't get stuck in a downpour trying to do that. All right. Off the elevator, please. We're going to go see our room. I'm so excited. We've never stayed in a onebedroom, so I'm like really excited. You like the view? Sh. Inside voice, remember? I know. I know. I know you're so excited, but we got to use our inside voice. I can't see the whole view from up here. It's a good view, isn't it? All right, come on. All right. Um 8840. All right. The water stick. Come on in. All right. It looks like our own fire. Oh my gosh. Must be the other side. Yep. It's the other side. Your bedroom has a marine picture. Does it? Yes. Oh my goodness. On the picture. What? Oh my goodness. You guys, this is beautiful. Mickey, that's so cool. I love it. This is beautiful. Oh, that tub. Oh my goodness. It's a big tub. Can I see how big it is? Yeah. Go check it out. Our view. Oh, this is gorgeous. Gorgeous. Gorgeous. Gorgeous. Or maybe this one has many on it. We'll see who this one has. Maybe on this one. Peter Pan. Oh, it's the Peter Pan bed. Oh, no. I want to make him. [Music] We're so excited. This is why I'm like, close your eyes again. I want to go with my uncle. Wow. It has [Music] up here. [Music] Yeah, you can see both of the pools from up here, Dad. Yeah. See, you can see the quad pool. It's in front of you. Um, your lap pool. I can see the lighthouse. Okay. What? Where's the lighthouse? Oh, he just hop in the building. I want to eat there. I want to eat there. I want to eat there. It's a bit later. We have showered. Dean and the girls have went to the venty room to do some coloring because I just finished filming the room tour for this, which should be should be on the channel by the time you're seeing this video. So, if you want to see that one, definitely go over and check it out. I'm going to quickly do this laundry. So, hold one second. But, we came running in from the rain. They ended up shutting down the pool because of lightning in the area and it quickly moved in to the point where we grabbed some ice cream, came up to the room as you saw, and by the time we got up here, it was like just downpouring outside. Dean made it up thankfully right before the rain got here with the bag. So, we all jumped in showers and baths and did all the things. So, we are clean, refreshed, and ready for dinner. I am so excited for Topelino's dinner. Um, breakfast is good. like I don't think it deserves all the hype that it gets, but it it is good. So, I'm really excited to try dinner. I love the view from up there. It is an incredible view from that restaurant. So, we'll see how dinner goes. So, we're taking you guys along for that. It will be all in this video. It's not going to be a separate video, I don't think, right now. But it is 4:41, so almost 2 hours before dinner time or time for us to check in. But before I quickly run out the door, I did have to say a huge, huge thank you to Kayla from People Mover Travel, and she is actually the one hosting us on this trip. I will have all of her details linked down below. She's hosting our night here. She hosts us for quite a bit of our cabin stay, which I am so so grateful for. So, if you're looking for a genuinely amazing travel agent, I love being able to find amazing agents to work with and to share with you guys because truly, I have had a bad experience with an agent. And it literally haunted me for years that I just didn't want to use an agent. I didn't want to talk about agents. I didn't want to recommend people use travel agents because I just had had such a bad experience. And I'm like, Disney trips are expensive. I don't want to recommend you do something that's going to like end badly or end with you like showing up to reservations that this agent told you you had and then you don't have them and then you're upset and your kids crying and then it's like this horrible thing. So, I did not want anyone else to go through that whole mishap of just draw balls being dropped and things happening. So, I wanted to find great agents and thankfully I found some to work with and Kayla is absolutely one of those agents for me. I love it. She's actually booked travel for me outside of collaborating and hosting us. And so I can 100% vouch that she is 10 out of 10. Absolutely worth it. So be sure to check her out. Give her a follow. I'll have her socials linked down below. And when you're ready to start your own Disney countdown, definitely check her out. But I'm going to go meet up with Dean the girls. We're going to see what we can get into. I think the rain has moved on out. So maybe we can get outside a little bit, stroll around. We may want to stay inside cuz it is August and it's Florida so it's hot. But we'll see what we do. [Music] The Avente room I feel like is a hidden relaxing gem here at the Riviera. And anytime we've ever been in there, there's not been a ton of people which is really really nice. So, if you are looking for somewhere to relax, maybe get out of the rain like we were doing on this particular day, they have board games, card games, they had magnetiles in there for little kids to play with, coloring sheets, and if you are staying here, you can even do arts and crafts that you can pick up later on. They have amazing things in here. And the cast members were so, so sweet. So, absolutely loved coming in here. The girls and Dean played jingo for a bit. So, it was such a relaxing space. And also, if you're not staying here, you can still come in, play the games. Your kids can play. If you're doing a Skyliner crawl, this is a great place to kind of hang out if you're needing a break, needing an AC break, getting away from rain, like I mentioned. So, this one is such a cute hidden gem. So, if you're looking for places at Riviera, this one is on the first floor and it is near the Primo Piato. It's just around the corner from that. And seriously, such a cute space. Is awesome. They've got magnet tiles. Got all kinds of card games, board games, and even three big flat screen TVs. And they've all got elemental on them right now. It's pretty cool. [Music] [Music] One for D. Cinnamon cold brew. That's yummy. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] This is the softest thing and so Cute. Seriously, I love it. It's got the River Resort logo on the front. I like that it's basically plain on the back other than Disney Vacation Club member. So cute. Such cute merch right now. They got the Donald and Mickey shirt. Love the striped pullover. Got an ornament now for the Petite Cafe, which is cute. Got this ornament. Mickey and Minnie. Have this collection of postcards from the Riviera. Love this mug. $29.99 for the teapot. And then they also have this mug that looks like the towers. These are cute. Little salt and pepper shakers from Riviera. It's got some coasters and a little turvis action going on. Have a kids shirt coloring book with crayons. And then they do have some of the keychains of the characters in the Riviera outfits. Got Minnie Mouse and this pink tea. Got Mickey and Minnie in the plushies. Got the pullover. Then they also have this sweatshirt that says masterpiece with Mickey painting the Riviera itself. Got the athletic dress. Some beautiful pieces. I love the little purses. Those are cute. I like that they have a smaller one. The blue jacket still Riviera. Oh, that's super soft. Want to get one of the robes one day. Oh my goodness. Be amazing. And them suitcases are cute. Got some of the spa stuff. Riviera polo. Got the Riviera hat. kind of mesh back trucker style in the back a little bit. And this mug. Went ahead and grabbed this one. It's so pretty. $19.99. Says vacation club member on the back. Got the candle which smells amazing. $30 for that one. Then Riviera bottle. So so cute. They've got some really neat stuff right now. And then here in this center, just some Riviera specific merch. Got the t-shirt. We've got the vacation club member sweatshirt with the back that has the Riviera Resort on it. And then they also have this cute and it's so buttery soft, you guys. The Riviera Resort on the front. On the back it has vacation club member. I like how subtle it is. And they also have Vacation Club member joggers. They are comfy, but to me they look a little cheap. Like they feel nice, but as far as like the look of them, they look a little Scott Calvin. They're giving Scott Calvin. So if that's a good thing, I don't know. Ended up. I bought the sweater in here in the gift shop. It's so soft. Also, I was freezing. We were sitting in the aventi room and I'm like, I did not bring a sweater. I'm like the the pink and like the dark color kind of goes with the mauve dress. Like it felt like it was meant to be. So I'm like, okay, I'll get the sweater. Um, we did that and then we looked around. The DVC rep gave the girls a ton of stickers. We are loaded with stickers. Got them the coloring book. I love that Riviera has their own like special coloring book. It's got colors. It's got stickers in the back. So, that's really cute. We're just kind of killing time waiting for our dinnertime reservation. It's just after 6:00, so almost time that we can do check-in and head up. But I'm so excited for dinner. I'm really looking forward to it. And we tried two coffees. Dean got the cinnamon cold brew. You like the cinnamon cold brew, don't you? Or it's a mid one. It's not the best. It's not great. He was like, "It's okay. I don't like cinnamon coffee, so it's just not quite my jam. I tried the frozen cold brew. While it is good, I still don't care for it a ton. So, I think in the morning when it's time for coffee, Dean's going to Skyliner down to Joffrey's and get the frozen toffee flight cuz that's like our favorite. It is like out of all the Joffre specialty drinks, it is the best and you can only get it there. It's so good. It's got like Twix on the top. really really good. Really good. If you've not tried it, you got to try it. That That is the coffee. I'm like I I want I want to love something from the Petite Cafe. I I've just not found it yet. Is this the library? Kind of. Should we be quiet or loud? You should be kind of quiet. Yeah. [Music] One zero right here. One zero. Oh, I can see our room, too. Come here, Belle. [Music] Wonderful. So I So it's um how many adults and how many children the age of nine? Uh two adults and two children under nine. Do you think that white ferris wheel is Disneyland? [Music] Okay. Shall we eat some dinner? Yeah. Yes. The characters here tomorrow morning. Yes. Here tomorrow. They're sleeping right now, but they'll be back tomorrow. They sleep in the morning. Yes. That's weird. They work in the morning, so they have to sleep at night. No, dinner. They're sleeping. I think they sit outside or inside. Inside right next to the window. So once we lift up the window shades, you'll be able to see the whole resort. Wonderful. Good. We did a quick little French fry appetizer for the girls. That is one of the secret things that's on the menu for kids is they do have French fries as a side. It's just not on the menu, which was what our waiter told us. Then you can also substitute the tomato sauce for butter, but they also have Alfredo, that sort of thing. So, their kids menu looks really good. Their adult menu looks also really good. The bread is fantastic. And I'm so excited. We ordered the famous ricotta appetizer. So, um I'm excited. I will say though, dinner up until this moment has been quite stressful. It's like my children have forgot how to behave at dinner. So, I'm itching, you guys. Yeah, we all have our moments and we're having a moment. The ricotta has arrived and it looks phenomenal. Fancy bread ricotta. I'm going to dip. Heck yes. We're family, right? I'm not mad about double dipping. Is it good? Nice. That's delicious. I'm so excited. It's my favorite, too. [Music] So, we got the girls their pasta. Got butter noodles for Lucy. Fries with the sauce on the side as her request. We got pasta. Got pasta for Bella. Macaroni and cheese. French fries with a sign of attitude. I got the chicken something rieton. cannot think of the middle word that went between chicken and rietoni, but it looks fantastic. I'm very excited about it. Your fillet looks really good. It does. It looks quite lovely. So, I'm excited to share. I I don't know what I was expecting, but this was not it. And it was definitely not on my bingo card to come in here and eat dinner and be this wowed. We're We're definitely going to recap this when we get back to the real because I've got some thoughts and they're very spicy. Nice. [Music] What is that? So silly. No. If you can time your dinner with either golden hour/ sunset or fireworks at Epcot, this is an amazing place to do that. I don't know which one is my favorite. You really, unless you're just a super slow eater, you can't really hit both, unfortunately. But it is absolutely incredible. Watching the sunset over the building and enjoying dinner. It was just absolutely perfect. The vibe was amazing. I would love to do this as like a date night is come back and have dinner here. It is amazing. The food was incredible. And we're going to recap that here in a second. But yeah, if you're making a reservation and you can time it between one of those two times, that would be my suggestion. [Music] Wanted to really quickly talk about the type of view you can book here. So all of the onebedrooms are exactly the same with the exception of the view type. So we had a preferred view and that was of the skyliner, the pool, that sort of thing. But then they also offer a standard view and that is of parking area. Well, beyond the parking area just so happens to be Epcot. So technically you get a fireworks view on a budget which is amazing. Now here's the catch. Those types of rooms do go really fast. That's why we were unfortunately only able to get a preferred view because I would have 1,000% preferred a standard view because you can request being there. Obviously, it is a request. It is not a guarantee. And not all standard views face Epcot. Some of them do just face the parking lot um kind of Caribbean Beach area. But if you get lucky and you get pixie dusted, then you can face that area. anytime I've ever put in a request for that. Thankfully, we've been lucky enough to get it. So, just wanted to share that little tidbit when you're picking what room. Okay, we got to talk about dinner. Oh, goodness. Yes, we do. Should we grab our cake while we dinner? You can grab the cake. I absolutely am 100% behind that. I support this. I support this idea. I'll be 100% in front of it. try to put my hair up in a bun because bath bomb they do have bath bombs in the gift shop. So, I got this one. It is the tropical aloha bath bomb. Was $9 before my AP discount of 20% for anyone who is curious. Um, it smells divine. And they had another one that was like a ginger smell. It was green. But I'm so excited about this. I was like, man, we've got I completely forgot about the fact that the one bedrooms have a tub until like last night. And I was like, dang it, I'm not going to be anywhere to get a bath bomb before we go cuz it's like my favorite thing about having this is like having a bath, doing a bath bomb cuz I don't we don't have that um at home. And I'm like this is a luxury. This smells like something you could eat. I know. It smells so good. Right. It's delicious. But we did bring the chocolate cake. We're like hiding in the bathroom. We just put the kids to bed. So, I mean, it's either here or the bed. I don't know. I'm not sure one's in the bathroom right now. That sounds about right. So, it's the warm chocolate cake. We ordered it to go cuz we're like, I'm tired of sitting here and like we can put the kids to bed and have it on the balcony and then enjoy our bath. So, that is the plan. But dinner, dinner, dinner. It's so good. It is good. Dinner was fantastic. So, I am in the minority that feels like Topelino's breakfast is overhyped. I'm not saying it's not good. I'm just saying it's not as good as everybody makes it out to me. Um, I don't feel like it's that much superior to any other character meal, but that's just me. Dinner is so underrated, it's not even funny. I don't know what I should have been expecting when we went here. I don't know, Edgar. It was fantastic. The the French fries alone, why were they so good? I don't know. And it's like sounds so stupid to say like the French fries, but seriously, like they did good. Um, also I don't know where I saw this, but someone I saw it in someone's Instagram stories. I wish I I knew so I could give them credit cuz I don't I don't remember who it was. Um, but ordering French fries as an appetizer Oh, yeah. was so helpful. Yep. So helpful. French fries, ketchup. Yeah. Appetizer. Perfect. Yep. Yep, that was the play. Um, but it was so good. My the pasta I got, the chicken, the pasta, the whole thing. It was so good. It was very, it was rich. It was creamy. It felt like a cozy meal. Like, it was so good. It was like, it the thing I can compare almost compare it to is like a beef stroganov. Kind of kind of. But it was so good. Like I I'm genuinely like I may want to book this in the future. So good. I have a tiny child poking their head in. Why are you not in bed? But it was amazing. I thought your fillet, the bites you gave me of that was fantastic. Yeah. Medium rare filet minion. Delightful. And then whatever sauce, I don't even know. I don't even know. It was fancy something. It was delicious. And the potatoes, I think the potatoes were like truffle something potatoes. Yes, they were truffle. So they had like fancy like pinkies out flavor of the potato. And the the the stuff the like brown sauce of some sort was I'm going to say it was better than gravy. It was so good. Like it was it it was all delicious. Like Oh, so good. I'm not a food critic, but it's one of those like that was really good. I would eat that again because most things that I see food critics say are good I don't like and I'm like I'm I'm very puzzled by why like why this is good I I feel like your Anton ego here. Um what the actual heck? Um no but it was very very good. So good. I would 100% I would do that again. Yeah, hands down. I I want to I want to go back. I want to eat another one. That was very underrated. And it was very easy to get a reservation cuz nobody's going there. It was empty. No, it was very empty. Um I originally had an 8:20 p.m. reservation for us. And earlier today, I'm like, I don't I just don't think that's going to go well. And I'm like, I'm going to trust that instinct that I know my family that we need to move this. And so I moved the 8:20 to 7:00 p.m. Good point. And that that worked out great, but it was so easy and there were so many times available today for dinner. So I I think it's underrated. It's not going to be hard to grab. I would say it's one of those you don't even have to wake up early to get it. Like you'll just probably be able to get it. Um, price-wise, it's it's pricey for Disney food cuz like my pasta was $40. I think the fillet was 60. Like is expense expensive. It was expensive. It's not something you would eat every day, but it's an experience, too, cuz it feels more like fine dining. It does. It feels fancier. Um, it's not as pricey as some of the like prefix menus, like comparing it to say like California Grill. Um, which may be like a complete stretch, but it's like it feels similar of like a fancyish like I would say this is a great date night place. Oh my goodness. If you were coming as a couple like that's I think it's perfect. Yeah. Light it up with fireworks. it like go out look at the view like the sunset coming in it is just gorgeous it's absolutely gorgeous so yeah that would be that's now on my list of like if anybody asked for any like romantic recommendations at sunset even Lucy was like oh look at this listen to the mommy is this romantic like what in the world yes actually yes this is romantic romantic it is if You two weren't acting all crazy, it'd be even worse, did they? Oh, yeah. They were they were full-fledged kids today. And it's not to say that they were just horrible cuz they weren't like screaming banshees and all this stuff, but it was just they would not sit still. They would not stop touching the blinds or the curtains. They would not stop touching the window. And they just like stick their fingers in the uh in the the ketchup. They're like, "Don't stick your fingers in ketchup." It was just everything and then yeah, it was just it it was a lot. We balanced out. I just kept like we're going to get through this. Lots of deep breaths. Lots of deep breaths. We're going to get through this. Um thankfully we got through it. We leveled out pretty good. Um but yeah. Yeah. To topelos. Oh, that that was not on my bingo card that I would be coming out of that place being like this was so good. It was good. Worth it. I loved it. All right. Well, we're going to go enjoy our chocolate cake on the balcony. It's delicious. And then I'm going to have a date with this tub. Mhm. And my bath bomb. And we're going to relax and enjoy our bath bomb. That smells like it tastes delicious. This smells so good. Feel like you could eat it like a jawbreaker. My mouth is watering. That's ridiculous. It shouldn't smell that good. That's dangerous. That is dangerous. A couple of nights a chance. I'm not going to fool anyone. Just think about it. Luck. The abominable. They all have one thing in common, pal. They have an automatic [Music] [Music] [Music] Good morning you guys. It is her last day. We check out, we go home today. It's our last day at Disney. This was fun, though. I can definitely see wanting to do this again in the future. I don't know. Our trips can be so different each time. So, I don't know that we could do it every single trip. But if we were doing like a regular like six night, seven day trip, I I genuinely think I would make our like rest day, relax day, whatever this last day before we go home or like add a day of that at the end and like doing it at an incredible resort would be so fun cuz I for me I find it hard to justify spending a big chunk for like this entire trip cuz it's like we're not here a bunch like we are hardcore park people. Like if you're resort people then I obviously you can spend your money however you want to no matter what kind of person you are. But you know what I mean? Like I just feel like for me that just it's like wow that's a lot of money to spend to like just sleep there. So that just doesn't seem like a perfect fit for us and our family. But I absolutely love being able to enjoy it and do the resort day dinner at the resort. like having a nice restaurant at your resort, the fun pools. We got to do some pool hopping cuz obviously there's multiples here. Um had to have my chicken sandwich which was great. So I seriously love this. So if you're looking at a trip and you're like h I can't afford my budget just won't allow me to stay deluxe an entire time. Um maybe do a value or a moderate and then cap the trip with one night at a deluxe. And that's like you enjoy everything that deluxe has to offer, so you're kind of getting your money's worth basically. Um, yeah. And Riviera is a really great option if you're if you're interested. Um, I mean, any of the deluxe resorts would be incredible for a one last night kind of thing, but this this has been fun. I like this. It was a nice like windown after a busy trip. So yeah, I I can I can definitely say I'd recommend this. Here at Riviera, there's two forms of transportation. We got buses and we have the Skyliner. The Skylliner is super cool. Um Skylliner goes to Epcot and Hollywood Studios, but I'm going to use it to go somewhere else. This little spot over here for Joffrey's has the the frozen toffee fight by Twix and it is the best frozen drink at at Disney in my opinion. It's so so stinking good. So, you know, hop on the the Skyliner and go grab a delicious treat. Count me in. [Music] Reggie is served. Right. Got the girls situated with a little breakfast snack before we head down. Just been tidying up the room. So, they're like, I'm starving and let's just get a snack. So, Bella's eating a bit of my pink donut and Lucy's got some goldfish. So, we're kind of tidying them over. Dean has taken all the bags down to load the car. I don't want to leave this room. I love it so much. This is the part that I hate about driving is that I can come up with so many things and it's like, "Oh, we could go to the pool and then we could shower and then we could leave or we could do this or we could do that." And I keep coming up with like all these things that we could do to not leave cuz I just I enjoy being here even though we've been here 2 weeks. I think it's so fun. Um I am excited though to get home. So I'm I'm a little torn. like I'm like I don't want to leave. But there's also part of me that's like I'm excited to get home. I'm excited to work on projects. I'm excited to edit these videos. And so it's like I'm excited in a lot of different ways, but it is beautiful. It's absolutely beautiful. I've definitely got some inspiration for our home and bedroom after staying here, though. So, I'm excited. I'm like, maybe we can we can do some Disney inspired you don't know how to sail. Way to go. Now pull that rope and release the sail. Get trapped in that wall. [Music] [Music] You got to collect the red and green balls. No, I want to go with them. Hold on, girls. I got to read the instructions. [Music] Good job. And then I Nope. Now Bella goes first with the red ball and she's going to toss it. Bella, try to get try to get the red ball close to the white ball. You can toss it hard though. You'll need to. Look at that. Oh, too far. [Music] Oh, that's straight. [Music] He's excited to get up. [Music] 14. Oh, wow. [Music] [Music] Ready, set, go. When it comes to one of our family's favorite things to do at Riviera, it's these lawn games, yard games that they have, both the botchi ball, the um cornhole or I think bag toss, depending on where you're from, will depend on what you call it. But it is so fun. The kids always find friends. They actually got to play with some subscriber friends, which was really cool. So, it was so nice meeting some of you guys. So, if you were there and hanging out with us, thank you for being there. Appreciate it. That was so much fun. But, it is such a relaxing resort. And these things you actually don't have to be staying there to do. So, if you are at Caribbean Beach or you're wanting to do a Skyliner crawl, it's a great place to kind of relax and play and have a good time. And it is absolutely beautiful. The vibe is just so on point here. After about an hour of botchi ball playing with friends and hanging out, we're going to go. It's almost 11:30. Got ice for our water cups. We've got lunch. Dean and I both have a chicken Sammy and the girls have the pasta. Mom, do we have to take that? No, we got to go to the car. We got to go to the magical mommy mobile. I want to walk. I'm sorry, baby. You don't want to leave. Yeah. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Well, that is sadly going to do it for our last day here at the Riviera. We are getting ready to drive all the way back to Home Sweet Home. And yeah, I'm sad to be leaving. I I feel like on the inside like Bella on the outside was a moment ago. Um she's my spirit animal right now. Probably for a lot of us. It's just like I don't want to leave. It's just so fun. It's like, you know, you have to get back. You got to get back to the real world. You got to get back. But it's just so it's so fun and so wonderful being here. And she's not even crying cuz she's like the parks and this or that. She's like, I just want to go sit and ride the skylighter. That's like just the simple joys. Like she's not even looking for the like super stimulating, super exciting, fun things. She's just like, I just want to ride the Skyliner some more. I'm like, same, girl. Same. Frozen toffee flight and a couple Skyliner laps. I would be so down, but we do have to get going. So, we at least have road trip food. We stayed long enough that we could grab lunch cuz got to get one last chicken Sammy. Honestly, donuts. I know. I mean, we got one last thing. We did get one for the road. One for the road. But that's going to do it for the vlog. Thank you so much for being here. Thank you for watching. Thank you again to Kayla for hosting our night here at Riviera. So grateful. I will have all of her details down below if you're looking for an amazing travel agent. Again, I'll have her stuff linked down below. And that's the beauty of even having a travel agent is they can be as hands-on or hands off as you want them to be. And it's great. And it's also a great way to support someone else who loves Disney. And a lot of these, they're moms. They're working hard to stay home with their families and their babies and they're doing this. And I love being able to collaborate and help spread the word about people like that that are chasing their dreams and working hard and I just I love it. So definitely check Kayla out. But that's going to do it. Thank you into the video club. Thank you for following along. You guys will have to leave some French Riviera emojis down below. some blues, maybe some French flags, those sorts of things down in the comments. That way I know you're part of the secret end of the video club. And if you could spend one day at a resort to like cap your trip, what resort would it be? You have to let me know down in the comment section. But I'll see you in the next one. Bye, guys. No.
