---
video_id: VhhLVmqPuQI
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "Our Disney Cruise Embarkation Day! | Everything We Did From Arrival to Bedtime"
published: 2025-12-16
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhhLVmqPuQI
---
Chicken stuffed Mickey waffles and mini Chicken stuffed Mickey waffles and mini Chicken stuffed Mickey waffles and mini waffles. The two things that I don't waffles. The two things that I don't waffles. The two things that I don't like about Coronado. Where are we going first, Lucy? Where are we going first, Lucy? Where are we going first, Lucy? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. High five. &gt;&gt; Wow. True. So, good morning you guys and welcome to good morning you guys and welcome to good morning you guys and welcome to imbarcation day from Disney's Coronado imbarcation day from Disney's Coronado imbarcation day from Disney's Coronado Springs Resort. We are here having a Springs Resort. We are here having a Springs Resort. We are here having a good time enjoying our pre-day before good time enjoying our pre-day before good time enjoying our pre-day before Disney and we are so ready to go get on Disney and we are so ready to go get on Disney and we are so ready to go get on Disney's Wish today. Got breakfast at Disney's Wish today. Got breakfast at Disney's Wish today. Got breakfast at Rick's here. Gonna get some chicken Rick's here. Gonna get some chicken Rick's here. Gonna get some chicken stuffed Mickey waffles and then get stuffed Mickey waffles and then get stuffed Mickey waffles and then get ready to head over to Port Canaveral for ready to head over to Port Canaveral for ready to head over to Port Canaveral for our very exciting imbarcation. One, our very exciting imbarcation. One, our very exciting imbarcation. One, please. please. please. &gt;&gt; That's not us. This is Maya Grill. They &gt;&gt; That's not us. This is Maya Grill. They &gt;&gt; That's not us. This is Maya Grill. They have a bunch of restaurants here. Look have a bunch of restaurants here. Look have a bunch of restaurants here. Look at the bird. Don't chase it. Don't chase at the bird. Don't chase it. Don't chase at the bird. Don't chase it. Don't chase the bird. the bird. the bird. We found Bruno. We found Bruno. We found Bruno. We can find him. We just can't talk We can find him. We just can't talk We can find him. We just can't talk about him because when you spot the about him because when you spot the about him because when you spot the Bruno Froto prop, take a picture of him Bruno Froto prop, take a picture of him Bruno Froto prop, take a picture of him and head to the front desk for a button. and head to the front desk for a button. and head to the front desk for a button. You guys want to take a picture with You guys want to take a picture with You guys want to take a picture with Bruno? Yeah. Let's go check in. &gt;&gt; Those look fun. &gt;&gt; Those look fun. &gt;&gt; Those look fun. stuff is awesome. &gt;&gt; I wanted to bring you here so you could &gt;&gt; I wanted to bring you here so you could &gt;&gt; I wanted to bring you here so you could get the Mickey stuff or the chicken get the Mickey stuff or the chicken get the Mickey stuff or the chicken stuffed Mickey waffles for a while. stuffed Mickey waffles for a while. stuffed Mickey waffles for a while. &gt;&gt; So excited. Yeah. Chicken filled &gt;&gt; So excited. Yeah. Chicken filled &gt;&gt; So excited. Yeah. Chicken filled waffles. Mickey waffles. Crispy chicken waffles. Mickey waffles. Crispy chicken waffles. Mickey waffles. Crispy chicken seasonal fruit. seasonal fruit. seasonal fruit. &gt;&gt; That is kind of their signature is the &gt;&gt; That is kind of their signature is the &gt;&gt; That is kind of their signature is the chicken filled waffles. It's all the chicken filled waffles. It's all the chicken filled waffles. It's all the food blocks and everything just that's food blocks and everything just that's food blocks and everything just that's what they rave about. And they are good. what they rave about. And they are good. what they rave about. And they are good. They are your classic Mickey waffles. They are your classic Mickey waffles. They are your classic Mickey waffles. And they do have like fried chicken And they do have like fried chicken And they do have like fried chicken inside of them, but they do have other inside of them, but they do have other inside of them, but they do have other good food. So, honestly, it's kind of a good food. So, honestly, it's kind of a good food. So, honestly, it's kind of a hidden gem. X on it. X on it. X on it. &gt;&gt; Okay, this game is Princess Spot it. So, &gt;&gt; Okay, this game is Princess Spot it. So, &gt;&gt; Okay, this game is Princess Spot it. So, what we got to do is we're going to lay what we got to do is we're going to lay what we got to do is we're going to lay down two cards and the first person to down two cards and the first person to down two cards and the first person to find the matching thing wins. So, you find the matching thing wins. So, you find the matching thing wins. So, you got to spot the matching thing. You got to spot the matching thing. You got to spot the matching thing. You ready? ready? ready? &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. What's the same on both cards? &gt;&gt; Okay. What's the same on both cards? &gt;&gt; Okay. What's the same on both cards? &gt;&gt; The squirrels. Good job, Loose. &gt;&gt; The squirrels. Good job, Loose. &gt;&gt; The squirrels. Good job, Loose. We'll get another turn. All right. We'll get another turn. All right. We'll get another turn. All right. Ready? Here comes two more cards. Ready? Here comes two more cards. Ready? Here comes two more cards. All right. Match it. The frogs. Good job, Belle. The frogs. Good job, Belle. The frogs. Good job, Belle. &gt;&gt; One, two. &gt;&gt; One, two. &gt;&gt; One, two. Who's the same? Who's the same? Who's the same? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; The moons. &gt;&gt; The moons. &gt;&gt; The moons. &gt;&gt; Good job. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. right here. &gt;&gt; Good job. &gt;&gt; Good job. &gt;&gt; Good job. &gt;&gt; Too hot. Sugar is really good. &gt;&gt; Too hot. Sugar is really good. &gt;&gt; Too hot. Sugar is really good. &gt;&gt; Is it really good? Yummy. &gt;&gt; Is it really good? Yummy. &gt;&gt; Is it really good? Yummy. &gt;&gt; Lucy got first. &gt;&gt; Lucy got first. &gt;&gt; Lucy got first. &gt;&gt; Lucy has the pancake and Bella did ask &gt;&gt; Lucy has the pancake and Bella did ask &gt;&gt; Lucy has the pancake and Bella did ask her if she would share it and Lucy cut her if she would share it and Lucy cut her if she would share it and Lucy cut it in half for her. it in half for her. it in half for her. Bella got eggs and turkey bacon and Bella got eggs and turkey bacon and Bella got eggs and turkey bacon and potatoes. &gt;&gt; Chicken stuffed Mickey waffles and mini &gt;&gt; Chicken stuffed Mickey waffles and mini &gt;&gt; Chicken stuffed Mickey waffles and mini waffles. waffles. waffles. &gt;&gt; So good. &gt;&gt; So good. &gt;&gt; So good. &gt;&gt; It's a new addition. &gt;&gt; It's a new addition. &gt;&gt; It's a new addition. &gt;&gt; Ooh, fancy. &gt;&gt; Ooh, fancy. &gt;&gt; Ooh, fancy. &gt;&gt; You don't have to eat it. &gt;&gt; You don't have to eat it. &gt;&gt; You don't have to eat it. &gt;&gt; Egg over medium. And here you go. &gt;&gt; Egg over medium. And here you go. &gt;&gt; Egg over medium. And here you go. &gt;&gt; Steak and eggs. &gt;&gt; Steak and eggs. &gt;&gt; Steak and eggs. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; So good. &gt;&gt; So good. &gt;&gt; So good. &gt;&gt; Isn't that great? &gt;&gt; Isn't that great? &gt;&gt; Isn't that great? &gt;&gt; I'm excited. We're going to be pumped &gt;&gt; I'm excited. We're going to be pumped &gt;&gt; I'm excited. We're going to be pumped and ready for a day. and ready for a day. and ready for a day. &gt;&gt; And you're ready, too. You got your &gt;&gt; And you're ready, too. You got your &gt;&gt; And you're ready, too. You got your chicken filled stuffed Mickey waffles. chicken filled stuffed Mickey waffles. chicken filled stuffed Mickey waffles. And Phil's got the steak and eggs, too. And Phil's got the steak and eggs, too. And Phil's got the steak and eggs, too. &gt;&gt; So cute. Look at them. &gt;&gt; So cute. Look at them. &gt;&gt; So cute. Look at them. &gt;&gt; Beautiful. &gt;&gt; Beautiful. &gt;&gt; Beautiful. &gt;&gt; Love it. &gt;&gt; I'm ready. &gt;&gt; I'm ready. &gt;&gt; I'm ready. &gt;&gt; Let's do it. &gt;&gt; Let's do it. &gt;&gt; Let's do it. &gt;&gt; Dig in. &gt;&gt; Dig in. &gt;&gt; Dig in. &gt;&gt; How's that steak? &gt;&gt; How's that steak? &gt;&gt; How's that steak? &gt;&gt; That is so good. &gt;&gt; That is so good. &gt;&gt; That is so good. &gt;&gt; I'm going to need a bite. &gt;&gt; I'm going to need a bite. &gt;&gt; I'm going to need a bite. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes, you will. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes, you will. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes, you will. &gt;&gt; All right. Here we go. First things &gt;&gt; All right. Here we go. First things &gt;&gt; All right. Here we go. First things first. My dad remembers mom. remembers mom. remembers mom. &gt;&gt; They're so good. &gt;&gt; They're so good. &gt;&gt; They're so good. &gt;&gt; It's such a fun twist on chicken and &gt;&gt; It's such a fun twist on chicken and &gt;&gt; It's such a fun twist on chicken and waffles. waffles. waffles. &gt;&gt; I love them. &gt;&gt; I love them. &gt;&gt; I love them. &gt;&gt; I'll take a mini one. &gt;&gt; I'll take a mini one. &gt;&gt; I'll take a mini one. &gt;&gt; Wow. Oh, that's good. &gt;&gt; Wow. Oh, that's good. &gt;&gt; Wow. Oh, that's good. &gt;&gt; I like Tim Cherry sauce. Yum. &gt;&gt; I like Tim Cherry sauce. Yum. &gt;&gt; I like Tim Cherry sauce. Yum. &gt;&gt; Can you give me a mini waffle? &gt;&gt; Can you give me a mini waffle? &gt;&gt; Can you give me a mini waffle? &gt;&gt; Holy cow. Look, &gt;&gt; Holy cow. Look, &gt;&gt; Holy cow. Look, it's chicken waffles. it's chicken waffles. it's chicken waffles. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; That's cool. Defeated. Not defeated. Not defeated. Not defeated. Severely defeated. Severely defeated. Severely defeated. &gt;&gt; That was severely defeated. It was so &gt;&gt; That was severely defeated. It was so &gt;&gt; That was severely defeated. It was so good though. good though. good though. &gt;&gt; Shared and still defeated. &gt;&gt; Shared and still defeated. &gt;&gt; Shared and still defeated. &gt;&gt; Defeated. Mama didn't raise no quitter. &gt;&gt; Defeated. Mama didn't raise no quitter. &gt;&gt; Defeated. Mama didn't raise no quitter. &gt;&gt; Breakfast has been enjoyed. &gt;&gt; Breakfast has been enjoyed. &gt;&gt; Breakfast has been enjoyed. &gt;&gt; Oh, so good. &gt;&gt; Oh, so good. &gt;&gt; Oh, so good. &gt;&gt; Thoroughly enjoyed. &gt;&gt; Thoroughly enjoyed. &gt;&gt; Thoroughly enjoyed. &gt;&gt; So good. &gt;&gt; So good. &gt;&gt; So good. &gt;&gt; I swear Rick's is such a hidden gem. You &gt;&gt; I swear Rick's is such a hidden gem. You &gt;&gt; I swear Rick's is such a hidden gem. You can get a reservation there anytime. You can get a reservation there anytime. You can get a reservation there anytime. You can almost walk up as long as there's can almost walk up as long as there's can almost walk up as long as there's not like a big convention going on. Um, not like a big convention going on. Um, not like a big convention going on. Um, that's the only like the two things that that's the only like the two things that that's the only like the two things that I don't like about Coronado is that it I don't like about Coronado is that it I don't like about Coronado is that it is a convention resort. I feel like is a convention resort. I feel like is a convention resort. I feel like convention resorts get busy and it convention resorts get busy and it convention resorts get busy and it changes the vibe cuz like this time it's changes the vibe cuz like this time it's changes the vibe cuz like this time it's felt very familyfriendly. But the very felt very familyfriendly. But the very felt very familyfriendly. But the very first time we came and stayed here, first time we came and stayed here, first time we came and stayed here, there was also a convention going on and there was also a convention going on and there was also a convention going on and it was very businessy. It wasn't people it was very businessy. It wasn't people it was very businessy. It wasn't people coming to Disney. You could tell they coming to Disney. You could tell they coming to Disney. You could tell they were they were here for work and it was were they were here for work and it was were they were here for work and it was a lot of adults vacationing by a lot of adults vacationing by a lot of adults vacationing by themselves and the vibe just hit themselves and the vibe just hit themselves and the vibe just hit different and it was a lot of adults different and it was a lot of adults different and it was a lot of adults with this attitude of with this attitude of with this attitude of I don't want to be around children. If I don't want to be around children. If I don't want to be around children. If you've ever been around that it's like I you've ever been around that it's like I you've ever been around that it's like I don't know we've all seen the rails of I don't know we've all seen the rails of I don't know we've all seen the rails of I don't want to fly with a baby or don't want to fly with a baby or don't want to fly with a baby or whatever. Like it's like well then fly whatever. Like it's like well then fly whatever. Like it's like well then fly private honey like private honey like private honey like &gt;&gt; we we all need or stay home. Like we all &gt;&gt; we we all need or stay home. Like we all &gt;&gt; we we all need or stay home. Like we all have to like travel. So, obviously, have to like travel. So, obviously, have to like travel. So, obviously, we're very big proponents of getting we're very big proponents of getting we're very big proponents of getting out, travel with your children. You just out, travel with your children. You just out, travel with your children. You just they they deserve to live a life, too. they they deserve to live a life, too. they they deserve to live a life, too. Um, but all that to say, it was just a Um, but all that to say, it was just a Um, but all that to say, it was just a really weird vibe and it just it didn't really weird vibe and it just it didn't really weird vibe and it just it didn't make it enjoyable. It didn't feel make it enjoyable. It didn't feel make it enjoyable. It didn't feel Disneyish, but this time it's awesome. Disneyish, but this time it's awesome. Disneyish, but this time it's awesome. But the two things, all that to say, But the two things, all that to say, But the two things, all that to say, transportation and the fact that it's a transportation and the fact that it's a transportation and the fact that it's a convention resort, so you just never convention resort, so you just never convention resort, so you just never know what you're what vibe you're going know what you're what vibe you're going know what you're what vibe you're going to hit on when you hit here. Um, but to hit on when you hit here. Um, but to hit on when you hit here. Um, but it's a gorgeous resort. Like, it's it's a gorgeous resort. Like, it's it's a gorgeous resort. Like, it's fantastic. Um, fantastic. Um, fantastic. Um, &gt;&gt; and they got pickle ball for free. &gt;&gt; and they got pickle ball for free. &gt;&gt; and they got pickle ball for free. &gt;&gt; True. &gt;&gt; True. &gt;&gt; True. &gt;&gt; You can go play pickle ball. &gt;&gt; You can go play pickle ball. &gt;&gt; You can go play pickle ball. &gt;&gt; Transportation is though just I feel &gt;&gt; Transportation is though just I feel &gt;&gt; Transportation is though just I feel like the hardest part. like the hardest part. like the hardest part. &gt;&gt; It's atrocious &gt;&gt; It's atrocious &gt;&gt; It's atrocious &gt;&gt; because there's &gt;&gt; because there's &gt;&gt; because there's so many bus stops throughout the city. so many bus stops throughout the city. so many bus stops throughout the city. &gt;&gt; Took like a half hour to get out. &gt;&gt; Took like a half hour to get out. &gt;&gt; Took like a half hour to get out. &gt;&gt; We got on. &gt;&gt; We got on. &gt;&gt; We got on. &gt;&gt; That was a little brutal. &gt;&gt; That was a little brutal. &gt;&gt; That was a little brutal. &gt;&gt; Drove around so much. It took about a &gt;&gt; Drove around so much. It took about a &gt;&gt; Drove around so much. It took about a half hour to leave. half hour to leave. half hour to leave. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that part was not the best. &gt;&gt; Time to get our bagalonies. &gt;&gt; Time to get our bagalonies. &gt;&gt; Time to get our bagalonies. &gt;&gt; Bagalonis. &gt;&gt; Bagalonis. &gt;&gt; Bagalonis. Look at all them bags. Look at all them bags. Look at all them bags. &gt;&gt; All bags. &gt;&gt; All bags. &gt;&gt; All bags. &gt;&gt; Bags on bags. &gt;&gt; Bags on bags. &gt;&gt; Bags on bags. &gt;&gt; We got to bag it and tag it. &gt;&gt; We got to bag it and tag it. &gt;&gt; We got to bag it and tag it. &gt;&gt; Take it and be it, baby. Right. Last hit. Right. Last hit. Right. Last hit. All right, we got to go. Pickle ballers. All right, we got to go. Pickle ballers. All right, we got to go. Pickle ballers. Our driver's here. Our driver's here. Our driver's here. Also, the weather today could not be any Also, the weather today could not be any Also, the weather today could not be any better. It is absolutely gorgeous. better. It is absolutely gorgeous. better. It is absolutely gorgeous. There's this light breeze. The sun is There's this light breeze. The sun is There's this light breeze. The sun is shining. You can feel the warmth, but shining. You can feel the warmth, but shining. You can feel the warmth, but you're not just like melting. It's like you're not just like melting. It's like you're not just like melting. It's like the most perfect imbarcation day. I'm so the most perfect imbarcation day. I'm so the most perfect imbarcation day. I'm so grateful for it cuz sometimes it's grateful for it cuz sometimes it's grateful for it cuz sometimes it's cloudy, sometimes it's rainy, and this cloudy, sometimes it's rainy, and this cloudy, sometimes it's rainy, and this is just gorgeous. I'll take it off. I'll take it off. All right. Press the L for us. L. &gt;&gt; Try again. &gt;&gt; Try again. &gt;&gt; Try again. &gt;&gt; Push harder. &gt;&gt; Push harder. &gt;&gt; Push harder. &gt;&gt; Push harder. There you go. &gt;&gt; Push harder. There you go. &gt;&gt; Push harder. There you go. &gt;&gt; See? &gt;&gt; See? &gt;&gt; See? &gt;&gt; All right. Hello, Daddy. Here. You're &gt;&gt; All right. Hello, Daddy. Here. You're &gt;&gt; All right. Hello, Daddy. Here. You're going to have to let go. Let go. Let go. She wants to hold the handle and pull She wants to hold the handle and pull She wants to hold the handle and pull the bag. I'm going to do all the things. the bag. I'm going to do all the things. the bag. I'm going to do all the things. Our driver is going to be here any Our driver is going to be here any Our driver is going to be here any minute to take us to the port, but we minute to take us to the port, but we minute to take us to the port, but we have to do a stop at Bell services cuz have to do a stop at Bell services cuz have to do a stop at Bell services cuz we need more luggage tags for our we need more luggage tags for our we need more luggage tags for our suitcases for the cruise. So, if Disney suitcases for the cruise. So, if Disney suitcases for the cruise. So, if Disney doesn't send you any, you don't get your doesn't send you any, you don't get your doesn't send you any, you don't get your packet for whatever reason or they just packet for whatever reason or they just packet for whatever reason or they just don't send you enough, you can get don't send you enough, you can get don't send you enough, you can get these. You just have to add your name. these. You just have to add your name. these. You just have to add your name. It already has the the ship name on It already has the the ship name on It already has the the ship name on there. You'll tell those them at Bell there. You'll tell those them at Bell there. You'll tell those them at Bell Services. It's got your sale date and Services. It's got your sale date and Services. It's got your sale date and then your stateateroom number. And you then your stateateroom number. And you then your stateateroom number. And you just have those. They just self attach just have those. They just self attach just have those. They just self attach and you are literally ready to go. and you are literally ready to go. and you are literally ready to go. It's wish time. It's wish time. It's wish time. Here we go. Heat. Heat. He wanted to take a cat nap. Let me take off this Let me take off this Let me take off this morning. Christmas. &gt;&gt; I love it. We're doing the Christmas &gt;&gt; I love it. We're doing the Christmas &gt;&gt; I love it. We're doing the Christmas music. We're on our way to the port. music. We're on our way to the port. music. We're on our way to the port. Beyond excited. Beyond excited. Beyond excited. &gt;&gt; Lucy said she went, "Goodbye hotel &gt;&gt; Lucy said she went, "Goodbye hotel &gt;&gt; Lucy said she went, "Goodbye hotel cruise ship." cruise ship." cruise ship." &gt;&gt; I love it. &gt;&gt; I love it. &gt;&gt; I love it. They're going to end up like working in They're going to end up like working in They're going to end up like working in travel or something today when they grow travel or something today when they grow travel or something today when they grow up. Or hate it. Either one. up. Or hate it. Either one. up. Or hate it. Either one. I feel like you either go like the I feel like you either go like the I feel like you either go like the opposite. opposite. opposite. Who knows? But we're all having fun Who knows? But we're all having fun Who knows? But we're all having fun right now. So we did. So, this is your right now. So we did. So, this is your right now. So we did. So, this is your PSA. Don't forget to bring activities PSA. Don't forget to bring activities PSA. Don't forget to bring activities because from Disney to the port is about because from Disney to the port is about because from Disney to the port is about an hour drive. I think from the airport an hour drive. I think from the airport an hour drive. I think from the airport MCO to the port is like 45 minutes. So, MCO to the port is like 45 minutes. So, MCO to the port is like 45 minutes. So, it is some time in the car. it is some time in the car. it is some time in the car. So, just don't forget about those So, just don't forget about those So, just don't forget about those activities. activities. activities. &gt;&gt; Bring something to &gt;&gt; Bring something to &gt;&gt; Bring something to &gt;&gt; something. Some little coloring book, a &gt;&gt; something. Some little coloring book, a &gt;&gt; something. Some little coloring book, a little like we just brought these little little like we just brought these little little like we just brought these little mess-free marker books. Just something mess-free marker books. Just something mess-free marker books. Just something because And don't forget to keep it on because And don't forget to keep it on because And don't forget to keep it on you. Don't put it in the back with your you. Don't put it in the back with your you. Don't put it in the back with your suitcases or under the bus if you're suitcases or under the bus if you're suitcases or under the bus if you're taking Disney transportation because taking Disney transportation because taking Disney transportation because you're going to want this outside. So, you're going to want this outside. So, you're going to want this outside. So, this is this is your reminder. I got this is this is your reminder. I got this is this is your reminder. I got you. &gt;&gt; That's not the way &gt;&gt; That's not the way &gt;&gt; That's not the way that Disney. that Disney. that Disney. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's the way. We are doing We are doing We are doing &gt;&gt; splash pad's &gt;&gt; splash pad's &gt;&gt; splash pad's got a smile on got a smile on got a smile on &gt;&gt; this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The TV's on. The TV's on. The TV's on. &gt;&gt; Oh, they've already got funnel vision &gt;&gt; Oh, they've already got funnel vision &gt;&gt; Oh, they've already got funnel vision on. on. on. &gt;&gt; No. Come on out. &gt;&gt; Do you all have any alcohol any check &gt;&gt; Do you all have any alcohol any check &gt;&gt; Do you all have any alcohol any check bags? bags? bags? &gt;&gt; We do not. Perfect. You guys have all &gt;&gt; We do not. Perfect. You guys have all &gt;&gt; We do not. Perfect. You guys have all your travel documents. your travel documents. your travel documents. &gt;&gt; Yes, you got your travel documents. &gt;&gt; Yes, you got your travel documents. &gt;&gt; Yes, you got your travel documents. Thank you so much. &gt;&gt; Got everything. Think so. &gt;&gt; Got everything. Think so. &gt;&gt; Got everything. Think so. &gt;&gt; Bella, &gt;&gt; Bella, &gt;&gt; Bella, &gt;&gt; your suitcase is named Bella. I like it. &gt;&gt; your suitcase is named Bella. I like it. &gt;&gt; your suitcase is named Bella. I like it. &gt;&gt; Your suitcase. Oh my god. &gt;&gt; I That is They have They have They have Well, &gt;&gt; yeah, I know. But it'll go fast. &gt;&gt; yeah, I know. But it'll go fast. &gt;&gt; yeah, I know. But it'll go fast. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Are you the important form holder? You Are you the important form holder? You Are you the important form holder? You got our papers. That's a very important got our papers. That's a very important got our papers. That's a very important job. job. job. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; You hold both of them. That's your job. &gt;&gt; You hold both of them. That's your job. &gt;&gt; You hold both of them. That's your job. &gt;&gt; Put those away so we get you checked in. &gt;&gt; Put those away so we get you checked in. &gt;&gt; Put those away so we get you checked in. Just make sure your reusable water Just make sure your reusable water Just make sure your reusable water bottles are empty. bottles are empty. bottles are empty. &gt;&gt; Princess &gt;&gt; Princess &gt;&gt; Princess So, we're going to fall back to 115. So, we're going to fall back to 115. So, we're going to fall back to 115. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. &gt;&gt; Very responsible. Don't lose them. &gt;&gt; Very responsible. Don't lose them. &gt;&gt; Very responsible. Don't lose them. &gt;&gt; That's right. It is literally 12:26. It is literally 12:26. It is literally 12:26. Our port arrival time is 12:45, but my Our port arrival time is 12:45, but my Our port arrival time is 12:45, but my parents, because they aren't castaway parents, because they aren't castaway parents, because they aren't castaway club members, they got 1:15 as their club members, they got 1:15 as their club members, they got 1:15 as their port arrival time. So, we are in the 115 port arrival time. So, we are in the 115 port arrival time. So, we are in the 115 with them, and it is moving so fast. with them, and it is moving so fast. with them, and it is moving so fast. We've already like shuffled up already We've already like shuffled up already We've already like shuffled up already once. So, we are very next to go inside. once. So, we are very next to go inside. once. So, we are very next to go inside. So, all that to say is if you're doing So, all that to say is if you're doing So, all that to say is if you're doing transportation, you're taking an Uber, transportation, you're taking an Uber, transportation, you're taking an Uber, you're booking private transportation, you're booking private transportation, you're booking private transportation, anything like that, you want to plan on anything like that, you want to plan on anything like that, you want to plan on getting here 30, 45 minutes or so before getting here 30, 45 minutes or so before getting here 30, 45 minutes or so before your port arrival time cuz they're going your port arrival time cuz they're going your port arrival time cuz they're going to let you in sooner than that. All right, &gt;&gt; let's go. &gt;&gt; let's go. &gt;&gt; let's go. &gt;&gt; Bye. &gt;&gt; Bye. &gt;&gt; Bye. &gt;&gt; Thank you. He's captain boy. Oh, this is cool. Oh, this is cool. Oh, this is cool. &gt;&gt; I feel like I'm at a fishbowl. &gt;&gt; There is nothing like the feeling about &gt;&gt; There is nothing like the feeling about &gt;&gt; There is nothing like the feeling about to be introduced on the Disney cruise to be introduced on the Disney cruise to be introduced on the Disney cruise show and you're just walking into the show and you're just walking into the show and you're just walking into the hall. This This is the best. hall. This This is the best. hall. This This is the best. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; She's the boss. &gt;&gt; She's the boss. &gt;&gt; She's the boss. &gt;&gt; All right. Whoa. &gt;&gt; Can we go to the slide? &gt;&gt; Can we go to the slide? &gt;&gt; Can we go to the slide? &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; let's go to the slide. You ready? &gt;&gt; let's go to the slide. You ready? &gt;&gt; let's go to the slide. You ready? &gt;&gt; Is Minnie going to guide you? Is it okay &gt;&gt; Is Minnie going to guide you? Is it okay &gt;&gt; Is Minnie going to guide you? Is it okay to go down the slide? Okay. to go down the slide? Okay. to go down the slide? Okay. &gt;&gt; All right. Wait at the bottom. Okay, you &gt;&gt; All right. Wait at the bottom. Okay, you &gt;&gt; All right. Wait at the bottom. Okay, you can go. &gt;&gt; All right. Wash your hands. See &gt;&gt; All right. Wash your hands. See &gt;&gt; All right. Wash your hands. See true wish wish wish and we are joined by dreaming to my time &gt;&gt; girls. First stop wanted to be the &gt;&gt; girls. First stop wanted to be the &gt;&gt; girls. First stop wanted to be the Oceaner Kids Club open house cuz they Oceaner Kids Club open house cuz they Oceaner Kids Club open house cuz they want to show us around. want to show us around. want to show us around. The second time on the wish, but they've The second time on the wish, but they've The second time on the wish, but they've like we got to go check it out. And like we got to go check it out. And like we got to go check it out. And since it's my parents' first time since it's my parents' first time since it's my parents' first time cruising, they're like, we got to show cruising, they're like, we got to show cruising, they're like, we got to show Lolly and Poppy. Lolly and Poppy. Lolly and Poppy. &gt;&gt; I see Dumbo. That's so cool. Rapunzel room. &gt;&gt; Anna and Elsa. &gt;&gt; The cutest little beauty in the guest &gt;&gt; The cutest little beauty in the guest &gt;&gt; The cutest little beauty in the guest room. Like, I'm sorry. I want coffee and room. Like, I'm sorry. I want coffee and room. Like, I'm sorry. I want coffee and a good book in here. This is adorable. a good book in here. This is adorable. a good book in here. This is adorable. Literally though, 117 and we are already Literally though, 117 and we are already Literally though, 117 and we are already on the ship. So that is the takeaway. If on the ship. So that is the takeaway. If on the ship. So that is the takeaway. If you're doing transfers and you're not you're doing transfers and you're not you're doing transfers and you're not booking through Disney, they are in booking through Disney, they are in booking through Disney, they are in charge of your transportation if you charge of your transportation if you charge of your transportation if you book through Disney. But if you do book book through Disney. But if you do book book through Disney. But if you do book private transportation, Uber, drive private transportation, Uber, drive private transportation, Uber, drive yourself, whatever, get here early cuz yourself, whatever, get here early cuz yourself, whatever, get here early cuz you can get on sooner. You know what? &gt;&gt; Are you riding Big Thunder Mountain? &gt;&gt; Are you riding Big Thunder Mountain? &gt;&gt; Are you riding Big Thunder Mountain? What? &gt;&gt; Wa. This is so fun. What is in there? Now, let's go back out here. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. This is such a cool &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. This is such a cool &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. This is such a cool room. &gt;&gt; You make that hamper. &gt;&gt; Good job. &gt;&gt; Good job. &gt;&gt; Good job. All right, &gt;&gt; that's it. &gt;&gt; Head on in, everybody. &gt;&gt; Head on in, everybody. &gt;&gt; Head on in, everybody. &gt;&gt; All right, we're going to number &gt;&gt; All right, we're going to number &gt;&gt; All right, we're going to number &gt;&gt; All right, so where are we going first, &gt;&gt; All right, so where are we going first, &gt;&gt; All right, so where are we going first, Lucy? Lucy? Lucy? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. High five. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. High five. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. High five. &gt;&gt; All right, you lead the way, girlfriend. &gt;&gt; All right, you lead the way, girlfriend. &gt;&gt; All right, you lead the way, girlfriend. Right here to the right. Going to go see Sweet Minnie for some Going to go see Sweet Minnie for some Going to go see Sweet Minnie for some ice cream. ice cream. ice cream. &gt;&gt; Whoa. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. &gt;&gt; Thank you so much. Yay. Cheers. The cruise has officially begun. Cheers, The cruise has officially begun. Cheers, The cruise has officially begun. Cheers, you guys. That was a really big bite. Did you just That was a really big bite. Did you just That was a really big bite. Did you just get a bra? get a bra? get a bra? &gt;&gt; Or the the cruise has started. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Round two. &gt;&gt; It's a double shot &gt;&gt; for team, please. &gt;&gt; for team, please. &gt;&gt; for team, please. &gt;&gt; Four. &gt;&gt; Four. &gt;&gt; Four. &gt;&gt; One. 14. It's our room. It's our room. It's our room. &gt;&gt; Press up. &gt;&gt; Press up. &gt;&gt; Press up. &gt;&gt; We are at the top of the ship. Oh my &gt;&gt; We are at the top of the ship. Oh my &gt;&gt; We are at the top of the ship. Oh my word. word. word. &gt;&gt; Are you so excited that we're at the &gt;&gt; Are you so excited that we're at the &gt;&gt; Are you so excited that we're at the top? top? top? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Lucy wanted to go to the what's called &gt;&gt; Lucy wanted to go to the what's called &gt;&gt; Lucy wanted to go to the what's called secret pool. So, this is up on deck 14 secret pool. So, this is up on deck 14 secret pool. So, this is up on deck 14 on the forward of the wish. It is Chip on the forward of the wish. It is Chip on the forward of the wish. It is Chip and Dale's pool. It's not deep. It is and Dale's pool. It's not deep. It is and Dale's pool. It's not deep. It is literally uh what does it say? Two foot. literally uh what does it say? Two foot. literally uh what does it say? Two foot. You're not going to change in the You're not going to change in the You're not going to change in the shower. But it is so cool. There's shower. But it is so cool. There's shower. But it is so cool. There's nobody up here. nobody up here. nobody up here. &gt;&gt; And you get the view off the front. So &gt;&gt; And you get the view off the front. So &gt;&gt; And you get the view off the front. So it is gorgeous up here. &gt;&gt; It's cruise ship row, isn't it? &gt;&gt; It's cruise ship row, isn't it? &gt;&gt; It's cruise ship row, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. So pretty out here. A very good afternoon, distinguish. This A very good afternoon, distinguish. This A very good afternoon, distinguish. This is Christian, your cruise director, and is Christian, your cruise director, and is Christian, your cruise director, and on behalf of Captain Robert, we wish you on behalf of Captain Robert, we wish you on behalf of Captain Robert, we wish you a warm welcome aboard. Just a friendly a warm welcome aboard. Just a friendly a warm welcome aboard. Just a friendly reminder that our mandatory emergency reminder that our mandatory emergency reminder that our mandatory emergency safety drill will take place at 3:30 safety drill will take place at 3:30 safety drill will take place at 3:30 p.m. today. Your substation can be found p.m. today. Your substation can be found p.m. today. Your substation can be found on World Park and within Disney. on World Park and within Disney. on World Park and within Disney. &gt;&gt; Mom and dad and I went on a food &gt;&gt; Mom and dad and I went on a food &gt;&gt; Mom and dad and I went on a food scavenger hunt. So, we come back. I've scavenger hunt. So, we come back. I've scavenger hunt. So, we come back. I've got the Donald's cantina bowl. Got Dean got the Donald's cantina bowl. Got Dean got the Donald's cantina bowl. Got Dean some brisket. &gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. We just did basically the same &gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. We just did basically the same &gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. We just did basically the same thing. thing. thing. Girls are enjoying the pool up at Chip Girls are enjoying the pool up at Chip Girls are enjoying the pool up at Chip and Nails. This is and Nails. This is and Nails. This is amazing. amazing. amazing. &gt;&gt; So good. &gt;&gt; That bowl's delicious. &gt;&gt; That bowl's delicious. &gt;&gt; That bowl's delicious. &gt;&gt; Pizza's pizza &gt;&gt; Pizza's pizza &gt;&gt; Pizza's pizza &gt;&gt; brisket's brisket. Like you can't go &gt;&gt; brisket's brisket. Like you can't go &gt;&gt; brisket's brisket. Like you can't go wrong with this. wrong with this. wrong with this. &gt;&gt; Okay, that barbecue brisket. I wish they &gt;&gt; Okay, that barbecue brisket. I wish they &gt;&gt; Okay, that barbecue brisket. I wish they would just have Mickey's like when you would just have Mickey's like when you would just have Mickey's like when you go on the island for Castaway. I wish go on the island for Castaway. I wish go on the island for Castaway. I wish that was the food that was the food that was the food &gt;&gt; for real. So good. &gt;&gt; for real. So good. &gt;&gt; for real. So good. Yeah, this is like legit barbecue. Yeah, this is like legit barbecue. Yeah, this is like legit barbecue. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Unlike Castaways food, &gt;&gt; Unlike Castaways food, &gt;&gt; Unlike Castaways food, &gt;&gt; especially coming from someone or &gt;&gt; especially coming from someone or &gt;&gt; especially coming from someone or somewhere that has really good barbecue. somewhere that has really good barbecue. somewhere that has really good barbecue. Like we're from Tennessee. We know how Like we're from Tennessee. We know how Like we're from Tennessee. We know how to do barbecue. to do barbecue. to do barbecue. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's good. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's good. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's good. &gt;&gt; You can tell Lucy's relaxing. Look at &gt;&gt; You can tell Lucy's relaxing. Look at &gt;&gt; You can tell Lucy's relaxing. Look at that. that. that. &gt;&gt; What are you doing? &gt;&gt; What are you doing? &gt;&gt; What are you doing? &gt;&gt; Stay the arms. &gt;&gt; Stay the arms. &gt;&gt; Stay the arms. &gt;&gt; Yep. Oh, we're 15 minutes away. Oh, we're 15 minutes away. Oh, we're 15 minutes away. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Go to our stateateroom for a few &gt;&gt; Go to our stateateroom for a few &gt;&gt; Go to our stateateroom for a few minutes. &gt;&gt; This is so cool. &gt;&gt; This is so cool. &gt;&gt; This is so cool. &gt;&gt; DC, &gt;&gt; DC, &gt;&gt; DC, &gt;&gt; what does this say? We can't go out on &gt;&gt; what does this say? We can't go out on &gt;&gt; what does this say? We can't go out on the veranda until 400 p.m. cuz they're the veranda until 400 p.m. cuz they're the veranda until 400 p.m. cuz they're fueling. All All All &gt;&gt; right, that one can just get put in the &gt;&gt; right, that one can just get put in the &gt;&gt; right, that one can just get put in the closet. So, like it can go right in closet. So, like it can go right in closet. So, like it can go right in here. here. here. &gt;&gt; Perfect. &gt;&gt; Perfect. &gt;&gt; Perfect. &gt;&gt; So, we can unzip that and she's ready to &gt;&gt; So, we can unzip that and she's ready to &gt;&gt; So, we can unzip that and she's ready to be go in and out of this room again. be go in and out of this room again. be go in and out of this room again. Yay. Yay. Yay. &gt;&gt; The bathroom. as well as as well as as well as &gt;&gt; I hate that we have Arendelle and pirate &gt;&gt; I hate that we have Arendelle and pirate &gt;&gt; I hate that we have Arendelle and pirate night on the same night. night on the same night. night on the same night. carried around. carried around. carried around. &gt;&gt; We'll have pirate Ariel or pirate Tulsa &gt;&gt; We'll have pirate Ariel or pirate Tulsa &gt;&gt; We'll have pirate Ariel or pirate Tulsa watching this video to ensure hostess for those traveling infant. hostess for those traveling infant. hostess for those traveling infant. &gt;&gt; Slide this under the bed. &gt;&gt; Slide this under the bed. &gt;&gt; Slide this under the bed. &gt;&gt; And we're almost unpacked. &gt;&gt; And we're almost unpacked. &gt;&gt; And we're almost unpacked. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; Or no, we Well, no, we can't. &gt;&gt; Or no, we Well, no, we can't. &gt;&gt; Or no, we Well, no, we can't. &gt;&gt; It's close. So, she fits &gt;&gt; It's close. So, she fits &gt;&gt; It's close. So, she fits &gt;&gt; fits the ships. I got my card. &gt;&gt; fits the ships. I got my card. &gt;&gt; fits the ships. I got my card. &gt;&gt; Where should I take this drill &gt;&gt; Where should I take this drill &gt;&gt; Where should I take this drill &gt;&gt; again? &gt;&gt; again? &gt;&gt; again? &gt;&gt; Uh to the bathroom with the toilets. &gt;&gt; Uh to the bathroom with the toilets. &gt;&gt; Uh to the bathroom with the toilets. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And the alarms throughout the ship. &gt;&gt; And the alarms throughout the ship. &gt;&gt; And the alarms throughout the ship. &gt;&gt; I thought we were going to get a special &gt;&gt; I thought we were going to get a special &gt;&gt; I thought we were going to get a special color again lanyard. color again lanyard. color again lanyard. &gt;&gt; Uh this we'll get it on our sixth. So we &gt;&gt; Uh this we'll get it on our sixth. So we &gt;&gt; Uh this we'll get it on our sixth. So we earn gold status on this cruise and it earn gold status on this cruise and it earn gold status on this cruise and it it takes into effect next time. it takes into effect next time. it takes into effect next time. &gt;&gt; Okay. We ask that all guests refrain &gt;&gt; Okay. We ask that all guests refrain &gt;&gt; Okay. We ask that all guests refrain from sitting on the staircases. from sitting on the staircases. from sitting on the staircases. &gt;&gt; At least one key to the board cars &gt;&gt; At least one key to the board cars &gt;&gt; At least one key to the board cars to check you and your family together. Safety drill has been taken. And now we Safety drill has been taken. And now we Safety drill has been taken. And now we are on our way to the sailway party. are on our way to the sailway party. are on our way to the sailway party. &gt;&gt; A crazy dash. Everybody's getting a deck &gt;&gt; A crazy dash. Everybody's getting a deck &gt;&gt; A crazy dash. Everybody's getting a deck We made it up to deck 11. We are We made it up to deck 11. We are We made it up to deck 11. We are stopping for an ice cream. Then we're stopping for an ice cream. Then we're stopping for an ice cream. Then we're going to go get a spot for the sail going to go get a spot for the sail going to go get a spot for the sail away. Thank you. Are you ready for a good vacation? &gt;&gt; That was great. But now let's shout it &gt;&gt; That was great. But now let's shout it &gt;&gt; That was great. But now let's shout it out loud and proud. So get me all the out loud and proud. So get me all the out loud and proud. So get me all the way on the beach. So once again, if you way on the beach. So once again, if you way on the beach. So once again, if you wish, are you ready for a good vacation? Talking about this this this right right right Left hand all over &gt;&gt; Together, we can make even the biggest &gt;&gt; Together, we can make even the biggest &gt;&gt; Together, we can make even the biggest wishes come true. Like setting sail. wishes come true. Like setting sail. wishes come true. Like setting sail. Shall we see what our magic can do? Shall we see what our magic can do? Shall we see what our magic can do? Repeat after me. Wishes do come true. Repeat after me. Wishes do come true. Repeat after me. Wishes do come true. &gt;&gt; Wishes our wishes do come true. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Here we go. we go. we go. &gt;&gt; 5 4 3 2 1 Are you real? &gt;&gt; I think so. &gt;&gt; I think I want to saw you. &gt;&gt; I think I want to saw you. &gt;&gt; I think I want to saw you. &gt;&gt; I think she &gt;&gt; I think she &gt;&gt; I think she know. know. know. &gt;&gt; I think so. &gt;&gt; I think so. &gt;&gt; I think so. Number four. four. four. &gt;&gt; Press it and get out of the way cuz &gt;&gt; Press it and get out of the way cuz &gt;&gt; Press it and get out of the way cuz there's other people coming on. Okay. there's other people coming on. Okay. there's other people coming on. Okay. &gt;&gt; Come on. Press it. Press it. Press it. &gt;&gt; Come on. Press it. Press it. Press it. &gt;&gt; Come on. Press it. Press it. Press it. &gt;&gt; Good job. &gt;&gt; Good job. &gt;&gt; Good job. &gt;&gt; It's Minnie. You guys getting anything excited? You guys getting anything excited? You guys getting anything excited? &gt;&gt; Yeah, you guys signed. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you guys signed. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you guys signed. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you got to show her, baby. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you got to show her, baby. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you got to show her, baby. &gt;&gt; A Minnie wants to see it. &gt;&gt; A Minnie wants to see it. &gt;&gt; A Minnie wants to see it. &gt;&gt; Wow, look at that. That's fantastic. Is &gt;&gt; Wow, look at that. That's fantastic. Is &gt;&gt; Wow, look at that. That's fantastic. Is that you? that you? that you? &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. Oh, he's got a little Santa hat &gt;&gt; Wow. Oh, he's got a little Santa hat &gt;&gt; Wow. Oh, he's got a little Santa hat with the Christmas one. Wow, that's with the Christmas one. Wow, that's with the Christmas one. Wow, that's fantastic. also wearing red and white fantastic. also wearing red and white fantastic. also wearing red and white just like you, Captain. Isn't that just like you, Captain. Isn't that just like you, Captain. Isn't that right? Oh, that's right? Oh, that's right? Oh, that's great. Can we jump in? &gt;&gt; That was fun. &gt;&gt; That was fun. &gt;&gt; That was fun. &gt;&gt; That was cute. &gt;&gt; All right. Oh my god. Oh my diving experience. diving experience. diving experience. Right there on the navigator. Right there on the navigator. Right there on the navigator. So many more events as part of our very So many more events as part of our very So many more events as part of our very time celebration time celebration time celebration tree. &gt;&gt; Let's go. &gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. Here we go. &gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. Here we go. &gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. Here we go. &gt;&gt; Almost. &gt;&gt; We almost got a point. you. &gt;&gt; We almost got a point. you. &gt;&gt; We almost got a point. you. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; now I'm ready. &gt;&gt; now I'm ready. &gt;&gt; now I'm ready. &gt;&gt; All right. Ow. &gt;&gt; 1 2 3. &gt;&gt; Daddy, you knocked that thing right off &gt;&gt; Daddy, you knocked that thing right off &gt;&gt; Daddy, you knocked that thing right off it. it. it. &gt;&gt; Goodbye, son. One, two, go. Ready. Man, that's beautiful. Thank you so much. &gt;&gt; She's got to show you Captain America. &gt;&gt; She's got to show you Captain America. &gt;&gt; She's got to show you Captain America. No, No, No, &gt;&gt; I'm just on my own. Right. This is where we need the safety Right. This is where we need the safety Right. This is where we need the safety drill. I bet that rosemary beef tenderloin I bet that rosemary beef tenderloin I bet that rosemary beef tenderloin would be good, too. would be good, too. would be good, too. &gt;&gt; And the uh beef tenderloin medium, &gt;&gt; And the uh beef tenderloin medium, &gt;&gt; And the uh beef tenderloin medium, please. Yes. Uh, can I actually also get please. Yes. Uh, can I actually also get please. Yes. Uh, can I actually also get the pasta without the salad? the pasta without the salad? the pasta without the salad? &gt;&gt; Shrink down. Go in. And uh, first of &gt;&gt; Shrink down. Go in. And uh, first of &gt;&gt; Shrink down. Go in. And uh, first of all, gross. Sadly, it's much more all, gross. Sadly, it's much more all, gross. Sadly, it's much more complicated. Allow me to explain. complicated. Allow me to explain. complicated. Allow me to explain. &gt;&gt; If only we had the time. Targets &gt;&gt; If only we had the time. Targets &gt;&gt; If only we had the time. Targets are online. Prepare to push your &gt;&gt; Dinner at Marble is underway. I'm so &gt;&gt; Dinner at Marble is underway. I'm so &gt;&gt; Dinner at Marble is underway. I'm so excited about the chicken snitle. excited about the chicken snitle. excited about the chicken snitle. &gt;&gt; I love schnitle. &gt;&gt; I love schnitle. &gt;&gt; I love schnitle. &gt;&gt; And the pasta. &gt;&gt; And the pasta. &gt;&gt; And the pasta. &gt;&gt; I love pasta. We actually ordered two &gt;&gt; I love pasta. We actually ordered two &gt;&gt; I love pasta. We actually ordered two entre each cuz we were like we're going entre each cuz we were like we're going entre each cuz we were like we're going to try things and it's the cruise way. to try things and it's the cruise way. to try things and it's the cruise way. You can get more than one thing. Yeah. You can get more than one thing. Yeah. You can get more than one thing. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, we're getting more than anything. &gt;&gt; So, we're getting more than anything. &gt;&gt; So, we're getting more than anything. We're so excited about the food. One of We're so excited about the food. One of We're so excited about the food. One of the biggest things we love about the the biggest things we love about the the biggest things we love about the cruise. cruise. cruise. &gt;&gt; We love good food. &gt;&gt; We love good food. &gt;&gt; We love good food. &gt;&gt; Pretty much like you just you eat, you &gt;&gt; Pretty much like you just you eat, you &gt;&gt; Pretty much like you just you eat, you relax. It's so fun. So, I'm excited. relax. It's so fun. So, I'm excited. relax. It's so fun. So, I'm excited. It's awful quiet in here right now. It's awful quiet in here right now. It's awful quiet in here right now. &gt;&gt; It might be because we're in &gt;&gt; It might be because we're in &gt;&gt; It might be because we're in &gt;&gt; Maybe. I know. Usually this is such a &gt;&gt; Maybe. I know. Usually this is such a &gt;&gt; Maybe. I know. Usually this is such a loud restaurant. Yeah. loud restaurant. Yeah. loud restaurant. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, I'm not I'm not mad that it's mildly &gt;&gt; So, I'm not I'm not mad that it's mildly &gt;&gt; So, I'm not I'm not mad that it's mildly quiet right now cuz sometimes it can quiet right now cuz sometimes it can quiet right now cuz sometimes it can just restaurants are cool, but they can just restaurants are cool, but they can just restaurants are cool, but they can get really stimulating. get really stimulating. get really stimulating. &gt;&gt; Can get a little overwhelming for sure. &gt;&gt; Can get a little overwhelming for sure. &gt;&gt; Can get a little overwhelming for sure. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm excited. Can't wait for the &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm excited. Can't wait for the &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm excited. Can't wait for the food to get here. Think food to get here. Think food to get here. Think &gt;&gt; you got the salt a little close to your &gt;&gt; Just just a little bit. &gt;&gt; Just just a little bit. &gt;&gt; Just just a little bit. &gt;&gt; I'm uh I'm really really good at this. &gt;&gt; I'm uh I'm really really good at this. &gt;&gt; I'm uh I'm really really good at this. Here is broccoli and cheddar soup. Looks Here is broccoli and cheddar soup. Looks Here is broccoli and cheddar soup. Looks green. I say it looks delicious. It just green. I say it looks delicious. It just green. I say it looks delicious. It just looks green. I don't know. Oh, we'll try looks green. I don't know. Oh, we'll try looks green. I don't know. Oh, we'll try it out. it out. it out. &gt;&gt; And then this the world famous potato &gt;&gt; And then this the world famous potato &gt;&gt; And then this the world famous potato soup always soup always soup always salt shaker. salt shaker. salt shaker. &gt;&gt; Got an entire salt shaker in there. Took &gt;&gt; Got an entire salt shaker in there. Took &gt;&gt; Got an entire salt shaker in there. Took a picture of that. a picture of that. a picture of that. &gt;&gt; How am I looking? &gt;&gt; How am I looking? &gt;&gt; How am I looking? &gt;&gt; All right. Isn't it as good? How is it? &gt;&gt; All right. Isn't it as good? How is it? &gt;&gt; All right. Isn't it as good? How is it? Delicious. It's yummy. Delicious. It's yummy. Delicious. It's yummy. That's not coming. That's not coming. That's not coming. All right, here we go. I hope it's All right, here we go. I hope it's All right, here we go. I hope it's better than that time I tried the better than that time I tried the better than that time I tried the butternut squash soup. That was butternut squash soup. That was butternut squash soup. That was &gt;&gt; very bad. &gt;&gt; very bad. &gt;&gt; very bad. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I believe your &gt;&gt; Yeah, I believe your &gt;&gt; Yeah, I believe your &gt;&gt; delicious. &gt;&gt; delicious. &gt;&gt; delicious. &gt;&gt; I believe your review of that one was It &gt;&gt; I believe your review of that one was It &gt;&gt; I believe your review of that one was It tasted like beef. tasted like beef. tasted like beef. &gt;&gt; It It tastes It probably tastes good as &gt;&gt; It It tastes It probably tastes good as &gt;&gt; It It tastes It probably tastes good as like a really stinky P. It was so bad. like a really stinky P. It was so bad. like a really stinky P. It was so bad. This, on the other hand, tastes really This, on the other hand, tastes really This, on the other hand, tastes really good. good. good. &gt;&gt; Nice. I'll have to take a bite, though. &gt;&gt; Nice. I'll have to take a bite, though. &gt;&gt; Nice. I'll have to take a bite, though. &gt;&gt; I'm glad they don't got it. Put your order back online. That looks so good. That looks so good. That looks so good. &gt;&gt; Noi &gt;&gt; Noi &gt;&gt; Noi &gt;&gt; chicken schnitle &gt;&gt; chicken schnitle &gt;&gt; chicken schnitle delicious stuff delicious stuff delicious stuff &gt;&gt; tenderloin goodies. &gt;&gt; tenderloin goodies. &gt;&gt; tenderloin goodies. &gt;&gt; All right. This is the &gt;&gt; All right. This is the &gt;&gt; All right. This is the something. &gt;&gt; Is it amazing? How is it? Does it taste &gt;&gt; Is it amazing? How is it? Does it taste &gt;&gt; Is it amazing? How is it? Does it taste so good? cuz you love ricotta ricotta. cuz you love ricotta ricotta. cuz you love ricotta ricotta. &gt;&gt; There's like ricotta. &gt;&gt; There's like ricotta. &gt;&gt; There's like ricotta. &gt;&gt; Can't go wrong with &gt;&gt; Can't go wrong with &gt;&gt; Can't go wrong with &gt;&gt; I mean honestly it's hard to go wrong &gt;&gt; I mean honestly it's hard to go wrong &gt;&gt; I mean honestly it's hard to go wrong with that. The sizzle looks amazing. I with that. The sizzle looks amazing. I with that. The sizzle looks amazing. I got the pasta. So good. I got got that got the pasta. So good. I got got that got the pasta. So good. I got got that before. Love it. The rosemary. before. Love it. The rosemary. before. Love it. The rosemary. What? Beef tenderloin. What? Beef tenderloin. What? Beef tenderloin. So fantastic. So tender. Ordered it So fantastic. So tender. Ordered it So fantastic. So tender. Ordered it medium. medium. medium. So I really like the potatoes. I really like the potatoes. I really like the potatoes. &gt;&gt; Oh, well try this one over here, too. &gt;&gt; Oh, well try this one over here, too. &gt;&gt; Oh, well try this one over here, too. Those potatoes are fantastic. &gt;&gt; Those are good. Chicken schnitle with a &gt;&gt; Those are good. Chicken schnitle with a &gt;&gt; Those are good. Chicken schnitle with a little spritz of lemon. little spritz of lemon. little spritz of lemon. Lightly crispy. Security. Ah, so this is where they keep the Ah, so this is where they keep the Ah, so this is where they keep the children conversation. conversation. conversation. Warning. You are your fiery party. Warning. You are your fiery party. Warning. You are your fiery party. It's your time. When I get the signal, It's your time. When I get the signal, It's your time. When I get the signal, smash your buttons smash your buttons smash your buttons now. No. Don't show Don't show Don't show it. it. it. What you say? &gt;&gt; That's all you guys. I'm sorry, man. Next time we have You're I'm sorry, man. Next time we have You're I'm sorry, man. Next time we have You're looking good. &gt;&gt; We're glad you joined us for a Mickey &gt;&gt; We're glad you joined us for a Mickey &gt;&gt; We're glad you joined us for a Mickey bar. &gt;&gt; Wonderful. Thank you. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I will you know, are you so excited? &gt;&gt; All right, we're going to do some &gt;&gt; All right, we're going to do some &gt;&gt; All right, we're going to do some trivia. trivia. trivia. at May at May at May sidekick trivia. But if you're ready for some Disney But if you're ready for some Disney But if you're ready for some Disney sidekick trivia, let me hear you say, sidekick trivia, let me hear you say, sidekick trivia, let me hear you say, "Oh yeah." "Oh yeah." "Oh yeah." &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Which Disney dog helps Basil of Baker &gt;&gt; Which Disney dog helps Basil of Baker &gt;&gt; Which Disney dog helps Basil of Baker Street solve mysteries in The Great Street solve mysteries in The Great Street solve mysteries in The Great Mouse Detective? Help. Disney dog helps Mouse Detective? Help. Disney dog helps Mouse Detective? Help. Disney dog helps Basil of Baker Street. Sol mysteries is Basil of Baker Street. Sol mysteries is Basil of Baker Street. Sol mysteries is the sidekick of Merlin the wizard and the sidekick of Merlin the wizard and the sidekick of Merlin the wizard and the sword in the stone is the sword in the stone is the sword in the stone is &gt;&gt; okay. Finally, I finally know this one. &gt;&gt; okay. Finally, I finally know this one. &gt;&gt; okay. Finally, I finally know this one. I finally know this one. I finally know this one. I finally know this one. &gt;&gt; All right. How's the Benji? &gt;&gt; All right. How's the Benji? &gt;&gt; All right. How's the Benji? &gt;&gt; They're not as good as the ones in &gt;&gt; They're not as good as the ones in &gt;&gt; They're not as good as the ones in French Quarter. I think those are the French Quarter. I think those are the French Quarter. I think those are the best, but this one's better. best, but this one's better. best, but this one's better. always always always dream about there. dream about there. dream about there. &gt;&gt; All right, we got 14 points. &gt;&gt; All right, we got 14 points. &gt;&gt; All right, we got 14 points. &gt;&gt; Not too shabby. &gt;&gt; Not too shabby. &gt;&gt; Not too shabby. &gt;&gt; We're not good at trivia, so I felt &gt;&gt; We're not good at trivia, so I felt &gt;&gt; We're not good at trivia, so I felt pretty pretty good. pretty pretty good. pretty pretty good. &gt;&gt; All right, I think we all &gt;&gt; All right, I think we all &gt;&gt; All right, I think we all five points or more. five points or more. five points or more. &gt;&gt; 12 points or more. &gt;&gt; 12 points or more. &gt;&gt; 12 points or more. &gt;&gt; 15 or more. &gt;&gt; 15 or more. &gt;&gt; 15 or more. &gt;&gt; 18 or more 19 or more. &gt;&gt; 18 or more 19 or more. &gt;&gt; 18 or more 19 or more. &gt;&gt; We got to work on our game. &gt;&gt; We got to work on our game. &gt;&gt; We got to work on our game. &gt;&gt; Okay, we got a couple teams. So, raise &gt;&gt; Okay, we got a couple teams. So, raise &gt;&gt; Okay, we got a couple teams. So, raise your hand if you had 20 out of 20. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness, look at the donies. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness, look at the donies. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness, look at the donies. I love the little camera bag. I love the little camera bag. I love the little camera bag. &gt;&gt; Little Doney and Bert. It's all about &gt;&gt; Little Doney and Bert. It's all about &gt;&gt; Little Doney and Bert. It's all about the placement, baby. the placement, baby. the placement, baby. &gt;&gt; This one's so cute. I love it. I even &gt;&gt; This one's so cute. I love it. I even &gt;&gt; This one's so cute. I love it. I even like the tote. &gt;&gt; It's so soft. &gt;&gt; It's so soft. &gt;&gt; It's so soft. &gt;&gt; That's nice. &gt;&gt; That's nice. &gt;&gt; That's nice. &gt;&gt; 59. It's not terrible. It's not bad. &gt;&gt; All right, we split up. Bella really &gt;&gt; All right, we split up. Bella really &gt;&gt; All right, we split up. Bella really wants to see this show. So, Bella's wants to see this show. So, Bella's wants to see this show. So, Bella's getting got from the kids club and I'm getting got from the kids club and I'm getting got from the kids club and I'm going to grab some popcorn. going to grab some popcorn. going to grab some popcorn. &gt;&gt; Popcorn acquired. Now, it's time for a &gt;&gt; Popcorn acquired. Now, it's time for a &gt;&gt; Popcorn acquired. Now, it's time for a seat. seat. seat. &gt;&gt; How's everybody doing tonight? Woo! &gt;&gt; There's confetti. &gt;&gt; There's confetti. &gt;&gt; There's confetti. Please go to our hotel and find a place Please go to our hotel and find a place Please go to our hotel and find a place for for for &gt;&gt; You can put it in my bag if you want. We &gt;&gt; You can put it in my bag if you want. We &gt;&gt; You can put it in my bag if you want. We came in and the big Christmas tree is a came in and the big Christmas tree is a came in and the big Christmas tree is a &gt;&gt; beautiful show. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. You want to go watch the gift shop? &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. Look at this one. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. Look at this one. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. Look at this one. &gt;&gt; I want that. &gt;&gt; I want that. &gt;&gt; I want that. &gt;&gt; She's cute. &gt;&gt; She's cute. &gt;&gt; She's cute. You think you need that? You think you need that? You think you need that? &gt;&gt; And the &gt;&gt; And the &gt;&gt; And the need that need that need that &gt;&gt; you definitely need that. You need that &gt;&gt; you definitely need that. You need that &gt;&gt; you definitely need that. You need that with your daddy? with your daddy? with your daddy? &gt;&gt; That is very sweet. &gt;&gt; I know you do. &gt;&gt; I know you do. &gt;&gt; I know you do. &gt;&gt; I want to touch it. It's so comfortable. &gt;&gt; I want to touch it. It's so comfortable. &gt;&gt; I want to touch it. It's so comfortable. &gt;&gt; It's so soft. &gt;&gt; I like that texture. &gt;&gt; I like that texture. &gt;&gt; I like that texture. &gt;&gt; I know. It's the cable knit. I love it. &gt;&gt; I know. It's the cable knit. I love it. &gt;&gt; I know. It's the cable knit. I love it. &gt;&gt; I saw somebody with this at the parks &gt;&gt; I saw somebody with this at the parks &gt;&gt; I saw somebody with this at the parks and I was like, I hope they have that and I was like, I hope they have that and I was like, I hope they have that when we go away. when we go away. when we go away. I love this. They had a red one at I love this. They had a red one at I love this. They had a red one at Disney World like one or two Christmases Disney World like one or two Christmases Disney World like one or two Christmases ago and I didn't get it. And it's one of ago and I didn't get it. And it's one of ago and I didn't get it. And it's one of those. It's the only spirit jersey I've those. It's the only spirit jersey I've those. It's the only spirit jersey I've ever kicked myself for not buying. Oh ever kicked myself for not buying. Oh ever kicked myself for not buying. Oh no. We're having a confetti problem. You no. We're having a confetti problem. You no. We're having a confetti problem. You got it. got it. got it. &gt;&gt; She got as much confetti as she can put &gt;&gt; She got as much confetti as she can put &gt;&gt; She got as much confetti as she can put in your hand. Now she's having a hard in your hand. Now she's having a hard in your hand. Now she's having a hard time holding on to it. You look happy. time holding on to it. You look happy. time holding on to it. You look happy. &gt;&gt; I am happy. I'm so excited about this. I &gt;&gt; I am happy. I'm so excited about this. I &gt;&gt; I am happy. I'm so excited about this. I didn't know I was going to be this didn't know I was going to be this didn't know I was going to be this excited. I'm this excited. I can take Minnie. She may want &gt;&gt; You don't want to say hi. &gt;&gt; You don't want to say hi. &gt;&gt; You don't want to say hi. A I bet nobody can guess where we're I bet nobody can guess where we're I bet nobody can guess where we're headed to. &gt;&gt; What' you say though? &gt;&gt; What' you say though? &gt;&gt; What' you say though? &gt;&gt; I &gt;&gt; I &gt;&gt; I think Frozen's gone. think Frozen's gone. think Frozen's gone. Yes. Cheers. Heat. Heat. Pizza, pizza, beach, pizza. Pizza, pizza, beach, pizza. Pizza, pizza, beach, pizza. &gt;&gt; Nothing like 10:00 pizza &gt;&gt; Nothing like 10:00 pizza &gt;&gt; Nothing like 10:00 pizza and 10:00 ice cream. and 10:00 ice cream. and 10:00 ice cream. &gt;&gt; You know, it's cruise cruise calories &gt;&gt; You know, it's cruise cruise calories &gt;&gt; You know, it's cruise cruise calories don't count. &gt;&gt; Wash those hands. She said the elephant doesn't have a She said the elephant doesn't have a She said the elephant doesn't have a head. head. head. &gt;&gt; That's so silly. &gt;&gt; That's so silly. &gt;&gt; That's so silly. &gt;&gt; It fell off. &gt;&gt; It fell off. &gt;&gt; It fell off. &gt;&gt; No, we'll have to put our magnets on the &gt;&gt; No, we'll have to put our magnets on the &gt;&gt; No, we'll have to put our magnets on the door. door. door. &gt;&gt; Nobody's talking. &gt;&gt; Nobody's talking. &gt;&gt; Nobody's talking. &gt;&gt; It was quiet, wasn't it? &gt;&gt; It was quiet, wasn't it? &gt;&gt; It was quiet, wasn't it? &gt;&gt; Quiet. &gt;&gt; Quiet. &gt;&gt; Quiet. &gt;&gt; I got some pizza for Lucy. Going back to &gt;&gt; I got some pizza for Lucy. Going back to &gt;&gt; I got some pizza for Lucy. Going back to the room and then we'll pick her up cuz the room and then we'll pick her up cuz the room and then we'll pick her up cuz she's having fun at the kids club. It's she's having fun at the kids club. It's she's having fun at the kids club. It's her favorite place. her favorite place. her favorite place. &gt;&gt; Is this it? &gt;&gt; Is this it? &gt;&gt; Is this it? &gt;&gt; This is us. &gt;&gt; This is us. &gt;&gt; This is us. &gt;&gt; Right here. That's your armband. &gt;&gt; Right here. That's your armband. &gt;&gt; Right here. That's your armband. &gt;&gt; Is that us? &gt;&gt; Is that us? &gt;&gt; Is that us? &gt;&gt; There you go. &gt;&gt; There you go. &gt;&gt; There you go. &gt;&gt; It's a Heal Lumpin chocolate. &gt;&gt; It's a Heal Lumpin chocolate. &gt;&gt; It's a Heal Lumpin chocolate. Yum. Yum. Yum. &gt;&gt; I want a piece. &gt;&gt; I want a piece. &gt;&gt; I want a piece. &gt;&gt; 1040 chocolate. &gt;&gt; 1040 chocolate. &gt;&gt; 1040 chocolate. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Count me in. I like that. I like that. I like that. &gt;&gt; This tastes how I wish Hershey chocolate &gt;&gt; This tastes how I wish Hershey chocolate &gt;&gt; This tastes how I wish Hershey chocolate tasted. tasted. tasted. &gt;&gt; All right, this is really good. &gt;&gt; All right, this is really good. &gt;&gt; All right, this is really good. &gt;&gt; It is 11:06. &gt;&gt; It is 11:06. &gt;&gt; It is 11:06. &gt;&gt; Lucy is still going hard at the kids &gt;&gt; Lucy is still going hard at the kids &gt;&gt; Lucy is still going hard at the kids club and we're like, "Girl, you have got club and we're like, "Girl, you have got club and we're like, "Girl, you have got to come to the room." to come to the room." to come to the room." &gt;&gt; Uh, yes. &gt;&gt; Uh, yes. &gt;&gt; Uh, yes. All right, stay ducks in a row. Okay. All right, stay ducks in a row. Okay. All right, stay ducks in a row. Okay. Love that one, wouldn't she? That room's Love that one, wouldn't she? That room's Love that one, wouldn't she? That room's all stitch. all stitch. all stitch. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; All right, let's press the down button. &gt;&gt; All right, let's press the down button. &gt;&gt; All right, let's press the down button. Mommy, I want you. Mommy, I want you. Mommy, I want you. &gt;&gt; You can press both. &gt;&gt; You can press both. &gt;&gt; You can press both. &gt;&gt; Press it. &gt;&gt; Press it. &gt;&gt; Press it. &gt;&gt; Good job. &gt;&gt; Mirror, selfie, video. &gt;&gt; Mirror, selfie, video. &gt;&gt; Mirror, selfie, video. Cheese. Cheese. Cheese. &gt;&gt; Say cheese. &gt;&gt; Say cheese. &gt;&gt; Say cheese. &gt;&gt; Yeah, don't go to sleep either. &gt;&gt; Yeah, don't go to sleep either. &gt;&gt; Yeah, don't go to sleep either. &gt;&gt; And mommy, guess what? Tomorrow. &gt;&gt; And mommy, guess what? Tomorrow. &gt;&gt; And mommy, guess what? Tomorrow. &gt;&gt; Inside voice. &gt;&gt; Inside voice. &gt;&gt; Inside voice. &gt;&gt; I mean, tomorrow we are going to do the &gt;&gt; I mean, tomorrow we are going to do the &gt;&gt; I mean, tomorrow we are going to do the Elsa telling stories. Elsa telling stories. Elsa telling stories. &gt;&gt; That's awesome. Inside voice, please. &gt;&gt; That's awesome. Inside voice, please. &gt;&gt; That's awesome. Inside voice, please. It's late. Oh my goodness. We'll have to It's late. Oh my goodness. We'll have to It's late. Oh my goodness. We'll have to make sure to look on the schedule and make sure to look on the schedule and make sure to look on the schedule and see when that is so you can go. &gt;&gt; I got it. &gt;&gt; I got it. &gt;&gt; I got it. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; Can you give it to me? &gt;&gt; Can you give it to me? &gt;&gt; Can you give it to me? &gt;&gt; She grabbing all the stuff. Let's do &gt;&gt; She grabbing all the stuff. Let's do &gt;&gt; She grabbing all the stuff. Let's do this. this. this. &gt;&gt; We've been in such a run today. We've &gt;&gt; We've been in such a run today. We've &gt;&gt; We've been in such a run today. We've not had a chance to do it yet. All not had a chance to do it yet. All not had a chance to do it yet. All right. Hey, listen. It is late at night. right. Hey, listen. It is late at night. right. Hey, listen. It is late at night. People are very sleepy. We're already People are very sleepy. We're already People are very sleepy. We're already asleep. So, we've got to use our super asleep. So, we've got to use our super asleep. So, we've got to use our super inside voices, okay? We're going to be inside voices, okay? We're going to be inside voices, okay? We're going to be respectful. respectful. respectful. Super inside voice. Super inside voice. Super inside voice. &gt;&gt; So, here's the thing. That is supposed &gt;&gt; So, here's the thing. That is supposed &gt;&gt; So, here's the thing. That is supposed to go up like the port hole is his head. to go up like the port hole is his head. to go up like the port hole is his head. &gt;&gt; Oh, I did not know. &gt;&gt; Oh, I did not know. &gt;&gt; Oh, I did not know. &gt;&gt; It's kind of weird. &gt;&gt; It's kind of weird. &gt;&gt; It's kind of weird. &gt;&gt; And then I think that ear goes there. &gt;&gt; And then I think that ear goes there. &gt;&gt; And then I think that ear goes there. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; I think I know. &gt;&gt; I think I know. &gt;&gt; I think I know. &gt;&gt; No. Oh, there we go. &gt;&gt; No. Oh, there we go. &gt;&gt; No. Oh, there we go. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, Lucy knows. Here you go. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, Lucy knows. Here you go. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, Lucy knows. Here you go. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Lucy knows how supposed to ice &gt;&gt; Yeah. Lucy knows how supposed to ice &gt;&gt; Yeah. Lucy knows how supposed to ice cream. You can put that Molly in Poppy's cream. You can put that Molly in Poppy's cream. You can put that Molly in Poppy's door. door. door. And another mini hand. And another mini hand. And another mini hand. That's her head. That's her head. That's her head. &gt;&gt; No. Switch. &gt;&gt; No. Switch. &gt;&gt; No. Switch. &gt;&gt; Wait. Where's her Mickey heads? &gt;&gt; These are when he's holding her anchor. &gt;&gt; These are when he's holding her anchor. &gt;&gt; These are when he's holding her anchor. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; And next he's holding cupcake. &gt;&gt; And next he's holding cupcake. &gt;&gt; And next he's holding cupcake. &gt;&gt; I love it. &gt;&gt; I love it. &gt;&gt; I love it. &gt;&gt; Yay. &gt;&gt; Yay. &gt;&gt; Yay. &gt;&gt; Good job, ladies. fixy over here. over here. over here. &gt;&gt; All right, we've got our door officially &gt;&gt; All right, we've got our door officially &gt;&gt; All right, we've got our door officially decorated for the cruise. Lucy did it decorated for the cruise. Lucy did it decorated for the cruise. Lucy did it and then Bella decorated my parents' and then Bella decorated my parents' and then Bella decorated my parents' room. room. room. Turned out cute. They love it. Turned out cute. They love it. Turned out cute. They love it. &gt;&gt; Well, doors have been decorated. All the &gt;&gt; Well, doors have been decorated. All the &gt;&gt; Well, doors have been decorated. All the food has been eaten. food has been eaten. food has been eaten. &gt;&gt; All the ice cream's been eaten. I &gt;&gt; All the ice cream's been eaten. I &gt;&gt; All the ice cream's been eaten. I &gt;&gt; five. &gt;&gt; five. &gt;&gt; five. &gt;&gt; Five ice creams now. &gt;&gt; Five ice creams now. &gt;&gt; Five ice creams now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we had five. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we had five. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we had five. &gt;&gt; So good. &gt;&gt; So good. &gt;&gt; So good. &gt;&gt; It's a two game. &gt;&gt; It's a two game. &gt;&gt; It's a two game. &gt;&gt; I totally set at five. &gt;&gt; I totally set at five. &gt;&gt; I totally set at five. &gt;&gt; Um for now. &gt;&gt; Um for now. &gt;&gt; Um for now. &gt;&gt; It's just day one. &gt;&gt; It's just day one. &gt;&gt; It's just day one. &gt;&gt; Got two more days. But Marvel has been &gt;&gt; Got two more days. But Marvel has been &gt;&gt; Got two more days. But Marvel has been eaten. We've done eaten. We've done eaten. We've done &gt;&gt; schnitle. Y. We've got the pool done. We &gt;&gt; schnitle. Y. We've got the pool done. We &gt;&gt; schnitle. Y. We've got the pool done. We did the sail away party. did the sail away party. did the sail away party. &gt;&gt; Come sail away. Come sail away. &gt;&gt; Come sail away. Come sail away. &gt;&gt; Come sail away. Come sail away. &gt;&gt; We did the show with me. &gt;&gt; We did the show with me. &gt;&gt; We did the show with me. So all of the imbarcation day things So all of the imbarcation day things So all of the imbarcation day things like the boxes have been checked. So like the boxes have been checked. So like the boxes have been checked. So we're we're very excited. Love we're we're very excited. Love we're we're very excited. Love &gt;&gt; sneakers. We did. &gt;&gt; sneakers. We did. &gt;&gt; sneakers. We did. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like &gt;&gt; Like &gt;&gt; Like Yep. Already got my shirt on. Yep. Already got my shirt on. Yep. Already got my shirt on. &gt;&gt; My one of two shirts. I bought two &gt;&gt; My one of two shirts. I bought two &gt;&gt; My one of two shirts. I bought two shirts. shirts. shirts. &gt;&gt; I don't always find shirts on the &gt;&gt; I don't always find shirts on the &gt;&gt; I don't always find shirts on the cruise. cruise. cruise. &gt;&gt; This time I found shirts. It's like I &gt;&gt; This time I found shirts. It's like I &gt;&gt; This time I found shirts. It's like I either feel like you find a bunch of either feel like you find a bunch of either feel like you find a bunch of stuff or you find very little. stuff or you find very little. stuff or you find very little. &gt;&gt; That's where we're at. But I'm going to &gt;&gt; That's where we're at. But I'm going to &gt;&gt; That's where we're at. But I'm going to get ready for bed. I'm tired. We have a get ready for bed. I'm tired. We have a get ready for bed. I'm tired. We have a big day tomorrow. Doing some a most late big day tomorrow. Doing some a most late big day tomorrow. Doing some a most late time on the ship. Little time in Nassau. time on the ship. Little time in Nassau. time on the ship. Little time in Nassau. So, you have to come back for that vlog. So, you have to come back for that vlog. So, you have to come back for that vlog. But thank you guys for following along But thank you guys for following along But thank you guys for following along if you haven't already. You know the if you haven't already. You know the if you haven't already. You know the drill. Thumbs up button, red subscribe drill. Thumbs up button, red subscribe drill. Thumbs up button, red subscribe button if you haven't already. Love to button if you haven't already. Love to button if you haven't already. Love to have you in our little Disney loan have you in our little Disney loan have you in our little Disney loan internet fam here. But we will see you internet fam here. But we will see you internet fam here. But we will see you guys right back here in the next one. guys right back here in the next one. guys right back here in the next one. Bye. Bye. Bye. &gt;&gt; Oh, end of the video club.
