---
video_id: mf_1WBBeA-Y
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "2025 🎄 Disney Christmas Trip | FULL Epcot Day in November"
published: 2025-12-04
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mf_1WBBeA-Y
---
Good morning you guys and welcome to Epcot. We are here early entry starts in literally one minute. So we're getting ready to go enjoy that. We have lightning lanes for today using weight magic and going to see how much fun we can have. Sadly today Rey's is down. So I'm a bit disappointed about that. But when it comes back it's not going to be 3D anymore. So I'm kind of excited about that new upgrade. But let's go have a fun day. Today the girls and I are off on a coffee run and Dean is going to get in line for Guardians of the Galaxy. And while yes, this is part of our Disney Christmas trip series, this vlog will be void of all Christmas cheer because of the fact that Christmas at Epcot doesn't start until after Thanksgiving. I suppose they're just traditionalists here. It's Guardians time. It's bright. I'm okay with that cuz it's cold out at the moment. It's 46° so any warmth from the sun is very welcome. This right here walking, that's the most of the view of uh coming to Disney, especially like Epcot and stuff. And if you go party nights, you might spend 20,000 steps that day. All right, it is 8:34 and the sign outside says 35minut wait. So, let's find out. Warning population. Our spaceports are the busiest in the galaxy. 24 minutes. First pre-show. Welcome people of Epcot. You made it. What did I just say? We need to get one more. All right. 32 minutes. We don't need it. Woo! Oh, let's go. Woo! You got to pay attention. Woo! Kto that ride. Oh my goodness. That's amazing. All right, time to find the girls. So, it took 35 minutes or 32 minutes to get on. That was awesome. Um, it's so interesting though, like if people would if people would fill in all available space, you'd like at the beginning especially, you'd be able to get on a little faster, but a lot of people were trying to keep their elbow room. lowered the amount of uh of people to get on the attraction quickly. So when I got on, I was on row number five by myself. So I had a whole car to myself. Anyways, girls and I also went to Joffrey's here outside of Guardians of the Galaxy. Grabbed some donuts and muffins. So we're waiting on daddy. He is on the ride, I believe, right about now. So, should be off pretty soon. Today, usually you would be hiding from the sun, but it is currently 46° outside. So, we are enjoying the sun and soaking it all up. Going to run in, take a stroll through creation while we're finishing waiting on Dean, and then we're going to go use our very first Lightning Lane of the day. favorite place is to come and get soda. I love the cucumber Sprite. Or no, not the cucumber Sprite. It was the one that tastes like apple juice. Which one was that? I think it was No, it was joy. You like the joy one. That's it. You got it. Good job. You want to make sure that cup's full, huh? Okay, that's enough. It's their new favorite place. It is their new favorite place. Is that yummy? Your um sure if um the joy is the one I really like. So, surprise surprise, test track is down. That was our first Lightning Lane of the day. So, it went down and we got an multi-experience pass and then also we were able to grab another lightning lane. When you get one of those, it immediately lets you book another one. So, weight magic grabbed us another lightning lane. So, we have actually four now that we can use. We're going to hold off and not use that one for something else. I'm hoping test track will open up at some point during today so we can go back and ride that. But, we have um all of our others are for a little later in the afternoon. So, I think we're going to head on into World Showcase, explore it while it's a little less crowded this morning, and see what we can get into that way, and then we can finish up some rides later on or even after we come back from our midday break, we can hang out here in this front area of the park. That way, it's less crowded cuz especially when there's a festival going on, it gets wild. In three, two, one. Great. Yeah. Woo! After a quick intermission for the jamters, they were so fun. The girls were just in awe and so interested in watching them. So, we stopped and literally watched their whole show. It was not longer than like 10 minutes tops. But we do have our hide and squeak that is the search here for the kids. They can do that or adults can do it too. But we actually got these on a past trip, but we didn't get to do them. And so we're going to go around and search through the countries, enjoy the sunshine, and we ended up, I think I said this already, they moved our Lightning Lane for test track. So, we're just kind of pivoting and doing more outdoor things this morning while it's warm and sunny and nice. And then later on this afternoon, evening, we can do more of the inside things to be nice and toasty cuz it's supposed to be cold yet again. All right, we've made it to our first stop, which is Australia. We got to find our Remy. You want to find the second place? I think the next one is Mexico. I'm excited to come. Let's see if we can find Remy in Mexico. And even if you watch this and you're like, "Oh, we're not going during food and wine, which is the festival that's going on while we're here." Every festival has one of these. You can stop into practically any of the gift shops and grab one of these. It's usually just under $10 to be able to participate and you can get a fun little prize. A lot of times you can either turn it in at the end once you've used up all your stickers or sometimes they'll actually even let you get the prize right when you buy it so you can go ahead and pick it out. But it is super fun. This time it's a lunchbox. We've seen cornhole games. It's been all kinds of different little ones over the years and different festivals. But it's always really cute and the kids love it. It's a great way to occupy them and keep them engaged while walking around through the showcase. Why is he holding? Looks like he's holding salt and pepper. Making a pit adventuring pit stop in Mexico for the girls call it the Donald ride. And it is Grand Fiesta Tour. Yeah, that's so cool. Yeah, you probably scan your magic band. See what it does. She scanned it. Oh, so you're styling their hair. Now it's her eye color. What color do you want her eyes to be? Oo, I like the brown. That's pretty. Should we go in that shop first? Sure, we can go in there if you'd like. closer this way. How dark it is outside. Sorry. Heat. You ready to go? 60 minutes. You guys have snow left somewhere else. Thank you. Thank you. You can't see people here now, but we'll see. These girls are so excited to meet Anna and Elsa. I found you. Can you find the white flower? You just sat in the water. I sat in the water. Guess what? Are you on the red carpet? Yes. Oh my goodness. There they are. Your name is Anna. And we only needed to 30 minutes, not 60. Hello. It's so good to see you all today. Would you like me to sign that? Yes, please. Thank you so much. Perfect. Come on over this way. Thank you. Oh, it's so good to see you all. That's so amazing. You can hang this on the wall. I know. My sister loves tradition. He loves you today. He was trying to fingers caught in the wall. Oh no. So the sign said 60 minutes, but we were in and out in 30. I just wanted to share that if you don't see anyone in this line and they're at the red door, they're inside the building. There's It won't be a 60-minute wait. As soon as I take a while, you guys look for Remy. We've made it to our next spot, which is China. There. I see him. I see him. What are you holding? He has Looks like some oil. I see. What does he have? Can you tell what kind of vegetable that is? Apple. No. Is it a tomato? I think those are onions. Oh, here is Remy holding the onion. Can you find the country that starts with I? We're working our way this way. Yeah. There you go. Good job. We're working in a row. India. Good job. Our next one will be in Germany. Looks like Where's Germany? Germany's going to be right here. Germany's next. Germany's next. We could go to Wsburg. Yep. I used to live there. each other. Garlic. Garlic. He's holding garlic. I don't know why. Like mommy and daddy use for cooking right here. He's juggling it. He kind of is juggling the garlic. Okay, I'm holding. All right, I'm going to hold the stickers. Nope. Hold on to your thing. Let's put your water back in your cup holder. No, I'm going to hand out the stickers. Cuz they'll be everywhere if I don't. Is that popcorn? No. Caporn. That's love. Uhoh. The train has left the truck. Literally multiple trains have wrecked together. Do you see Remy? There. He's right there. It's Italy. How cute. The girls noticed these cast members. Don't touch it. There he is. He's holding herbs. We've got to use our herb stickers for this one. Right here. All right, you girls can go color. Finish your treat first, Lucy, though. We're almost there. We're so close. Remy's going to be right over here. Oh, look. I bet they're going to play. They're getting ready to do the show. No, I didn't see now. You see some coins. Come on. So, we got your beef and chicken bowl. I got the beef udon. And then we got a kids meal to share. Kids teriyaki and extra rice and a miso soup and a Sprite to share. Oo, just like sounds good. Thank you. Hold on. It's a spoon for me. All right. Here's this for your rice. Mom, give me a second. I use chopstick. Look at that machine. I know. It's getting filled with water and then it flips over. Watch it flip. No, it goes down and down. That's cool. It goes like this. Is that hit the spot that you needed it to hit? Burning every spot. Not bad. This looks good. That always happens. One, two, three, four, five. One, two, three, four. And then how majestic. Which color are you doing? What kind I want? Oh, they got We have the blue one or some other nature. Oh, you would like the blue one. I want the blue one. Sushi here, too. You like sushi? Yeah. Find one of the benches over here. I think we do. I think that would be a great idea. All right, first things first. We got shave ice in Japan. Yes. I'm so excited. Girls, is it good? Dad, what did you get? They got the flavor blue and I got strawberry. Yeah. Theirs is blue Hawaiian. Ooh. What does you get? I got grape. Bella, you got some on your shirt. Let me get that. Hold on there, kiddo. Bella said, "Come on, feet. You're not supposed to be dancing. You're supposed to be holding my ice cream." I found Remy in Morocco. Do you see him? I see him, too. He's on the top of the booth. He was holding carrots. Ooh, we get to go with some carrots. We have moved over to the France pavilion and we are waiting for Belle. She's going to be out in 8 minutes and the line is so short to meet her. So, we decided we would meet her. Bella loves Belle and we wanted to also get her to sign our little signature board that we have this trip. Here comes Belle. Looking for I love it. Let's know the designers. Did you make yourself? I wish we were that creative right here. I'm happy collection already. You're welcome. Let's go. Look at those are cool. Beautiful. Yeah. Who's this one? That's from the Three Musketeers. Whose deck is this? This is the hunched back of Notraam. Oh, those are There's a star. That's Belle's dress. This is the chip. So pretty. I know. I see that. It's beautiful. Right. Let's go across to the other side. What? Come on. Run, run, run, run, run, run. Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, welcome to the Beauty and the Beast cinema. Provide the rest. Why? We only live to serve her. Enough. I'm done. I'm sure I don't know why I didn't see you there before. So anyway, one last question. Were you once somebody or you just love Oh my goodness. to get it when it snowballs to as old as beautiful. It's inside. You ready to go meet Pigment? We got to go find a couple more Rey's and then we can meet Pigment. Okay, hold my hand. We're getting into a crab. Okay. We are still looking for Remy. I put the other sticker sheet in the bag. So, we'll just give it a second. Okay. What? Oh, I see him, too. He's on the corner of the building. Hi, where is it? The one that starts with F. Three more. Good job. We only have three left. looking at me. Not yet. You can go look at the water. It's so cold. I love this part. All right, we're going to go ride. Huh? Oh my god. Welcome, welcome, welcome. I will do. Absolutely not. Uh, this is one of our discoveries for the big of imagination. Um, hello. Who is this? It's Figment. Figment? I thought I told you not to interfere. Continuing now, if I may, in a calm, scientific, fragment free manner, and the things we see with our eyes can control the eyes of the imagination. Our research shows that smells often trigger the imagination. You win one. Don't. Oh no. Oh yeah, that really sticks. Of course, but now now you're talking. That's the best idea you've had all day. It's just a start of inspiration. He loves your dress. This Finn. Yay. Oh, say bye Figment. Thank you. I know they've got big sleepy figments and big feet figments and little baby figments. A Hey, we'll have to keep that on the list for next time. Do you want to take a photo? Yes. Yeah. Okay, we'll take a photo with it and that way we can keep it on your wish list. Yeah. All right. Cheese. Awesome. We'll put that on the Bella's wish list. Nice squirrel. You're not supposed to be eating people food, squirrel. Okay. Can see Spaceship Earth from here. I wish dad was here so I can borrow this young thing. Right back up. Max is on there, too. Oh, sign next to Max. We did. And we got to see M. Yeah, that'd be great. Is that where Max is? Look at Mickey's camera. Wow. Double hug. Double hug. Oh, not a double hug. Oh my goodness. There's a bella. Double hug. Are they making a bella sandwich? No. Mom. No, we got other people. Oh, mommy sandwich. I got two. I mean, hey, why not, right? I can't believe it. I can't see this ever happens. It's Bruno and thank you guys so much for coming. I'm so glad you could make it and you must I should make my skirt eating. Yeah. I like your I think Figment was holding a paintbrush. 400 p.m. and usually we've headed back by now to do a little midday break, but we're all feeling really good. It's our last full park day. We do go home tomorrow. So, we're just kind of soaking it up and we'll probably sleep in, pack up, and then be ready for our transportation to pick us up at the airport. But, we got a few more Lightning lanes to use. We've kind of left some of them for the evening. Since we got into World Showcase, we just decided to enjoy World Showcase. But now, the girls want to go ride Spaceship Earth, so we do have a Lightning Lane for that. I think now that test track is back open, hopefully it's been off and on all day long. So hopefully when we get there it'll still be working and we can ride. But we're going to do some more ridey things and then figure out some sort of dinner. Why is there so many people? They all want to ride the ride. Thank you. Oh yeah. Space. This is fac. It is facial birth. For your safety, remain seated at all times. How many pictures on the wall? When we move in the recorded line here, it will change the future forever. But the Phoenicians absolutely like this robot guy. Much of our learning is destroyed, lost forever. Copies of some of these books in the libraries of the Middle East. They watched high travel as fast as these new books and travel they do. Ladies and gentlemen, I like the little tape on that. In preparation for your return to Earth, your time is now. It got our faces. Yes. In the future, the country will be a great place to work. Your high-tech home office will be a mediarich environment. You're doing great. All right, I think we're ready for dinner. We had kind of an early lunch. And so we are going to head over to San Angel Inn here in Mexico. We've never eaten in there before, but it always looks so fun. So the wait for the walk up list is 10 minutes. So, I've just joined that. So, by the time we get over there, have a table ready. Probably be called pretty soon. But let's go have some Mexican. I am so ready and also getting so hungry. Party of four, Ashley. Right. Oh, you can step inside. Okay. They're going to have us give us a table. I really hope we get to the spot where we could see the boat. All right. So, they had called our table and said that we could come into the waiting area, but they said that and and we had we requested a table by the water and they said if we were willing to wait 20 minutes, we could come back and have a table by the water. And they said while we waited, we could go ride the ride. So, the girls and I are doing that while daddy takes a potty break and then we're going to have a yummy dinner. Too bad daddy has a tube. Look out, girls. Tumble came off. It's not scary. Just stand back. It's about Where are you? Woohoo! That means I can I don't Thank you. We're down by the water. Yes. All right. Sit down. Another one. Chips and salsa have arrived. Oh, and cheese. Got to have the cheese. All right, there you go. That's good. I like the salsa. You like the cheese bite? It does. I got my beef tacos with my plantain and my green sauce. And then Lucy double rice chicken tacos. Double the double rice. Bella's got the mac and cheese going on and double rice again. And Mama Ashie. Um, what is that? Chicken enchiladas. Chicken enchiladas. That looks really good, actually. Yummy. That's good. I like the sauce. And don't tell the girls, but here's my tortillas. Post dinner thoughts on San Angel in I would rather eat at the cake service. Yep. Like, it was good. Don't get me wrong. It was It was delicious. The atmosphere was so cool. Sorry. It was so good, so fun. And I would 1,000% do it again. But as far as like the food is really actually slightly better service. It's faster. You're money ahead. You can keep moving with your day. You don't need a reservation. Like I just Yeah. The chips and salsa were really good. The chips and salsa and cheese. I like the quick service. Yeah. Like the food was good. It wasn't bad. It was good. We would eat there again. Yeah, it's it's good. It's not The kids didn't like it at all. No, not really. But our food was delicious. I just don't think that it was much better than the quick service. Yes. Like the mac and cheese that Bella got, it's the same that they have at the quick service. They just made it fancier and had this like cheese sprinkled on it and stuff. And you know how it is with kids. She's this little, okay? She's not looking for exquisite. She wants basic. Like you could have given that child a box of craft and she would have been just as happy. Um probably happier, but she was good with hers. Um so she didn't really eat much of hers. They ate the rice, some Lucy ate a little bit of her chicken, grilled chicken from the taco, but that was about it. Honestly, I I do feel like they eat better at the house. So all in all, mid. Yeah, I'm not dancing here, but but I don't know. It's really hard to beat the tacos from the quick service. So, yeah. Is there any riders in this room? I'm sorry. I'm trying to find them. There we go. Lights are on. We were just reminded the green bean lady owes us some churros. Churros have been acquired. The green bean ladies come through. Green bean lady. Oh hush you green bean lady. Babies. All right. There's baby churros. Oh yes. I don't want baby churros. You want baby churros? A what I really want. Yes. That's all I want. This is the chocolate. All right, I hear test track going. We're going to finally get to use our multi-experience tests. Good thing those last all day. Mickey with your seat belt securely fastened. and your hands, arms, feet, and legs inside the vehicle. And please supervise children. We've always been dreaming about the road to tomorrow. By using advanced cameras and sensors, vehicles are constantly scanning the road ahead. Go for it. First, select a new vehicle. What about this one? Good choice. Now, let's see how it looks. Oh, let's try another. I look good with the third row for brighter tomorrow. Ready to see what else lies beyond the horizon. Let's go. Yeah. Yeah. Woo. 60. That was good. Our test drive might be complete. Tell you what, when these kids get a little bit bigger, you end up tying shoes a lot. I miss velcros. over Norway or quite possibly our last lightning lane of the day and that is going to be frozen ever after. Girls are so excited and it is starting to chill off again. It is 58° already and the breeze is breezy. All right. And your magic is man. Good job. leg you see you Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hello. Hello. Hi. Hello. That was fun. Yes. Oh, I need Oh, it's so helpful having those lights. Sky say I What's the Heat. Heat. Can I get one of the um strawberry lemonades frozen? And then one blue raspberry lemonade, two pink donuts, one chocolate donut, and um two of two cronuts, please. Two cronuts.
