---
video_id: TYqcEFa9Svc
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "Did I Find The Best Family Travel Gear?! | BagSmart Getaway Bag Review"
published: 2025-11-03
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYqcEFa9Svc
---
Hello you guys. Today we are doing a Bag Smart luggage review. I'm so excited. We are getting to unbox their new getaway suitcase as well as their new blast backpack. I have been a huge fan of Bags Smart for quite a while now. Own multiple of their products, use them really regularly in my pack with me videos and you may actually own quite a few of their products too. With being a leading travel brand available on Amazon, they are a huge seller go-to. So, wanted to share that because you've probably seen their personal item bag, their charging case, their packing cubes, this tote bag that I love to carry the stuff around for the kids when we're at home, and my new favorite from them, their rolling personal item, which fits within budget airline sizes. Absolutely obsessed with their products. So, when they reached out to collaborate on this, it was an immediate yes. We're gonna get started with the suitcase because this one is the one I am most excited about. We're getting ready for another trip here soon. And so I'm like, I want to get it out so I can maybe pack with it and take it on our trip, test it out, give you guys a full experience and review. So, let's get this thing out of the box. Oh, this is fun. Try that in. This is their new 24 in size out of their Getaway collection. They've got everything from a 20-in to a 26 in. But what really drew me to this was how this suitcase actually opens. So, let me open it up and let's talk about it. For one, it does have a builtin lock, so you don't have to worry about getting your own. Yeah, you just saw that the zipper went up. The way this opens was so intriguing to me because it's not your standard zip around the middle suitcase. This part is actually going to be your expander section. So, you can unzip that and it will expand and give you just a bit more room within the bag. But, I thought this was so stinking cool. So, with this, you can actually pack in layers and also a little bit deeper. So, if you have larger pieces, you're not worried about having to put things in the middle. You do have this optional piece here that can kind of act as a separator between layers if you want to. And then you also have your classic straps that are there to lock everything in place. You can tighten those easily. Even with one hand, I'm able to tighten those. And the buckles are really easy to open and also close together. This is cool. I felt like this was really interesting to be able to get into a suitcase like this and have that depth feature. On the other side, you do have multiple mesh pockets here, so you can put different things and have loads of organization, but then you also have these kind of wet pockets here. So, if you needed to pack some toiletry pieces into here, you can. And it also has little straps in there as well to hold those bottles or anything like that into place so you can put your smaller travel size toiletries in there. And it is locked and loaded and ready to go. Here in the middle have another one of those wet pockets and it again has the bottle holders in it as well. So it kind of keeps those things again in place, keeps it from sliding around and that is fantastic. And then here in the very tip top, you have this section that you can unzip all the way and peel back and have a little section of a little stowaway organization in there. That'd be great for packing socks, underwear, undergarments, things like that that you may not want in your main bit of your suitcase. And ultimately, if you wanted to get away with using this suitcase and not utilizing packing cubes, you probably could. Especially if you're living out of it, you're just getting things out of the suitcase and zipping it right back up. You're not someone who wants to unpack. This is really cool cuz you could organize things across the top kind of fold it file folder style and then be able to pull out as you need it. So, this is really cool. And I'm very excited to pack this and use it on our next trip cuz this is cool. And it also has the little like hinge buckles to keep the suitcase top from like falling all the way back like so. So, when you open it again, just kind of Yeah. sits right there. If you want it to open all the way though, you can unclasp these and it is now free to fall all the way back. Obviously, it's running into my dresser there, but I'm genuinely impressed with this and cannot wait to pack this suitcase cuz I am a packing gear nerd. And this looks really fun. And for those of you that are more of a carry-on style family, the 20-in of this looks fantastic. So, I will link it down below as well so that you can go over and check that model out cuz it looks so cool. I mean, if we were more of a carry-on family, that would have been the one I would have picked. But we're more of kind of a checked bag, walk through the airport, a little more effortlessish family. So, this was the one I grabbed. For those of you that are packing cube people, though, I'm a big packing cube person myself, so I'm right there with you. The new Blast packing cubes are actually new compression packing cubes. They come in this kind of beige color. The suitcase that I have came in the color shadow, which is kind of a dark charcoalish gray color. And then they also have a beautiful steel blue. So, they've got a few different options for this collection, but let's unbox these and see what they're looking like. So, it comes in this multiack of six. So, it does have this little drawstring bag, which is great if you need a little kind of throwandgo bag while you're on your trip. This is awesome. It is kind of mesh down at the bottom. So, this is great for a pool bag, beach bag, anything like that. If you are not wanting to take something large and you just need to put a few things in it, this would be great for that. They have two of the packing cubes in the smaller size. These are compressed down, but you can open them up, expand them, fill them full, and then zip them down. They have a large size that comes with one of those. It does have a nice little buckle here, so you can hang that up if you needed to. And then they also have two of these mediumsized packing cubes as well, like the bunch came in to begin with. So, you've got multiples. These are great for packing pajamas, uh, undergarments, all that good stuff, and being able to cinch it down and kind of compress as much as possible out of it and pack a little bit more and fit more in your suitcase. Especially if you're traveling for a long extended period of time, something like this can be super useful. And then the last piece we're going to unbox, I'm just going to be perfectly honest, my husband's probably going to steal this and use it instead of me because when we were looking at the pieces like, "Ooh, I like that backpack. That looks really cool. Can I use the backpack? So, it has already been spoken for. So, I'll get the suitcase and he will get the backpack, but this one is their new 38 L blast backpack. It is within the size parameters for budget airlines, which makes it a two thumbs up for me. We are huge budget airline fans and love to do that. So, anything that can fit within that size is amazing. This is a great backpack and it does more than just be a backpack. So, this one you actually open it like a little duffel bag, which is really cool. And I find this super handy when you are trying to pack personal item only and need to get a lot into a bag. This is going to be amazing. It does inside have the clips to kind of restrain your items into place there. And it has one on both sides. So, you've got the nice little buckle there to kind of cinch everything down, which is fantastic for being space saving. I also love that on the top half of this backpack, it does have this wet bag. So, if you're needing to pack toiletries in here with you, you don't want to take an actual toiletry bag, that's going to take up even more space. This is amazing and gives you so much space- saving room inside of the bag. And then you can close it. And it does have a bit of compression due to the buckles that we unnapped in the beginning on the side. So if you are needing to kind of batten down the hatches and squeeze things in, this is awesome. Has a shoe compartment in the bottom. So if you are seriously packing personal item only, this is another gamechanging option to be able to throw your shoes. You could also use this as a dirty clothes section or anything that you might need here. And it does have ventilation. So those stinky shoes aren't just stinking up the backpack and everything else that's in it, which is great. You can zip that around. And then it does have a padded back, which is fantastic. It's got the buckles so it can stay securely on you. The straps themselves are also padded, which is wonderful. Love a good padded strap. And it has a trolley sleeve. So if you are pairing this with your getaway suitcase, this is great for being able to just set it down. You can give your shoulders a nice little break as you are strolling through the airport, which is fantastic. And it also has a little secret compartment back here. I think this is amazing when backpacks have this is you can put any valuable items back in this small secret pocket here in the back. And then let's see. We're just exploring this together. I'm so excited. I'm such a travel gear nerd, so I'm sorry. I'm kind of geeking out for a second. This zipper is one that will come around and actually expand. So, just like you have an expander on a suitcase, it does that to give you a bit more space inside of the backpack in itself. I kind of feel like an infomercial at the moment. But wait, that's not all. So, we have another set of zippers here. And they open up to the handy dandy tech compartment. This is great. And also, which is an amazing reason why having a padded back is fantastic because your laptop can go in here. The sleeves itself are also padded. And then it has a tablet pocket as well. That is again also padded. And this is a nice soft area. So, you've got a great spot if you are traveling for work and you are needing to carry your computer with you. This is awesome. I I think this is freaking amazing. And and then in the top lastly, I think it's like a Mary Poppins bag. I just keep finding more and more pockets on this thing. Hey, feed me your extra stuff. Like all of your random things. Your sunglasses can go in here. Any little chargers or your wallet or anything that you might need to get to. It's got a little mesh pocket here in the top that is a zipper pocket. This is cool. I don't know that I'm going to let him use this one. I might want to use this one. This is cool. I am excited to test this out. We've got front pockets. We've got a little side pocket here. This is This is cool. And I do like that you can hold on to it from the side as if it's a briefcase. You can wear it as a backpack. There's a lot of really good options out of this bag. And it opening up from the top kind of like a duffel bag or like a suitcase. Again, it is gamechanging for accessing things as you're packing in there and being able to get to more of it. Then it's not buried in the bottom of a backpack and you're filling it this way. You can actually lay it down and fill it almost as if a file folder, which means you can get to everything. You're not rummaging through and destroying the organization and the time that you put into folding your items and placing them in here. That is so helpful. So, this bag is probably going to end up in our heavy rotation cuz it's Yeah, that's that one's cool. As a quick example, we are going to use this as our arrival day bag on our next trip. And to just show the organization and the space that it has, I'm going to pack it up really quickly right here with you guys. So, we're going to fly to Disney World and we're going to be using this, like I mentioned, as our arrival day bag. And it's awesome because it also has this divider. You just stick the little pieces through the holes and it creates a shelf that you can organize things with. So I have my husband and I's swimsuit. So I have uh swim trunks, have his swim shirt, a cover up for me, and my swimuit top and bottom here. And so I'm going to put it on this top side of the shelf. I'm also going in with my girls swimsuits top and bottoms and then shorts to use as a little bit of a cover up. So, we're going to stack those in on top of that as well with this shelf organization. I also have room over here that I can put some grab-and-go toiletry items. I can put a hairbrush in here, any of our sunscreens, things like that that we will need there. If I want to put a couple of beach collapsible little beach toys or something, I could also do that inside of this bag. And then in the bottom section, I'm going to take this stack of clothes and fold them. This one needs to be refolded, but we're going to fold these up and just pop them in the bottom. So, the bulkiest thing here is going to be my cardigan for the evening is the bulkiest piece. So, I'm going to layer that to the bottom. Got a pair of shorts that are going to go in here. And then my husband's shirt that he's going to put on with his pants that he already had on earlier in the day. And then my girls dresses here as well. So, we're going to just pop those right in there in the bottom. And again, we still have room on this side for toiletries, anything else that we might need to add to this bag. I can go in with the buckles and be able to cinch anything down that we might need to for this as well. One on this side and a little buckle over here. Buckle these as well. Zip it down. And that helps to save some space in there. And then a couple things about the backpack that I completely missed being excited and overwhelmed by the amount of organization on this is that the zippers for the laptop compartment, tablet compartment can actually join together to be locked. So, we've got the two holes there. You line them up and then you're able to put your lock through the center of that little hole and secure your any valuables. If you've got your laptop, usually those are pretty expensive. Tablets are expensive. any other gear that you might need that is valuable, you can absolutely put it in that pocket and be able to kind of secure it a little bit better than just with a regular old zipper. But now that the backpack's ready, I did want to show it on the trolley feature. Slides on really easily so that you're not having to carry it around. Has the nice little strap going across here. So, if it tips, the backpack is not falling off, which is fantastic. Especially if you're doing this for a carry-on, having that little strap on the back, you think it's no big deal until you're walking through the airport and your shoulders aren't hurting. That is literally gamechanging. So, if you're looking for a travel backpack, this is a great one, and you're going to love that trolley sleeve. Seriously. And then lastly, to show one of the features of the suitcase. So, on the handle itself, it actually has a built-in scale. So, when you hit over 50 lb or 23 kg, it is going to turn red. Dean, would you demonstrate? You can see it is now red versus you can set it down. When he lets go, it is back clear again. But when you pick it up, you're using the scale and it turns red like so. How stinking cool is that? That it's already built in. Like we threw a 30 lb weight in here. We've got a five, two, three lb multiple like toiletry bags that have stuff in them. And that is really cool that you can just close it up, pick it up really quick. You're not having to look for your scale. That's really cool. That is really, really cool. A few days later, but we are getting ready for our Disney World Christmas trip. I am so excited. We are using this 24-in getaway suitcase from Bagsmart to pack for our vacation. And seriously, it's kind of blowing my mind with all of the organization and the way we can use this. I have all eight outfits for my family of four. Shirts, pants, the whole thing right here. The only thing that's not in here is socks, underwear, undergarments, that sort of thing is not in there. We don't have shoes. But eight outfits. I'm talking princess dresses, thick puffy dresses, and all made it into this suitcase. And I love that I can unbuckle this, fold it back, and just grab out the stack of outfits that I need. It almost eliminates as far as for clothing. And if you do the folding like flat method, the kind of like a Marie Condo kind of method of folding, you can actually get all this in here without the need for packing cubes. Those are going to be great for, like I said, undergarments, pajamas, swimwear, those sorts of things that you want to organize, but this is like a packing cube in and of itself, which is so exciting. And so, the fact that I was able to fold up so many outfits and get them in here is kind of insane. And I still have all of this space in the top that I can put pajamas and undergarments and swimwear and all that stuff. So, all of this extra space is awesome. So, seriously, this gets a five-star review out of me for being fantastic for family travel and the organization. You don't even need a luggage rack to set this thing up on. Like, you could just open it up and it's there easily accessible. You grab out the stack of outfits that you need for the day for your entire family and you are seriously ready to go. So, very, very excited about this. So, I will have the link to this as well as all of the other pieces that I've talked about in today's video down below in the description box. Don't forget through December 15th, you will get a free set of those packing cubes when you make your purchase. So, that is very exciting if you are wanting to grab some suitcases, grab some luggage, and get ready for an upcoming trip. That gives you even more bang for your buck getting in those free items. But, thank you again to Bags Smart for sponsoring today's video, and thank you guys for watching. and hanging out with me as we test out this new luggage. I'm genuinely excited. Like way, way too excited. This feels like a Mary Poppins bag. It's holding exceptionally more than I thought it would. But thank you guys for watching. I'll see you in the next one. Bye.
