---
video_id: v7oJPoJMMNY
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "Disney Wish Cruise | Nassau Day + Pirate Night + Arendelle Restaurant"
published: 2025-12-18
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7oJPoJMMNY
---
Anyway, &gt;&gt; she's going, "Wow, you're fast. I was wanting to place a lunch order. We do an iced coffee with mocha and We do an iced coffee with mocha and We do an iced coffee with mocha and coconut. coconut. coconut. A song for my dear friend. Oh, you go. Oh, you go. Oh, you go. &gt;&gt; Go ahead. Right behind you. Dig in. &gt;&gt; Go ahead. Right behind you. Dig in. &gt;&gt; Go ahead. Right behind you. Dig in. &gt;&gt; Really? Oh my goodness. That's so cool. Let's go. It's breakfast time. &gt;&gt; Stickers. &gt;&gt; Stickers. &gt;&gt; Stickers. Is that what was in your pixie dust? Is that what was in your pixie dust? Is that what was in your pixie dust? That's so cool. All right. So, we're That's so cool. All right. So, we're That's so cool. All right. So, we're going to divide and conquer. Ashley's going to divide and conquer. Ashley's going to divide and conquer. Ashley's taking Bella taking Bella taking Bella &gt;&gt; to go walk through and pick out her &gt;&gt; to go walk through and pick out her &gt;&gt; to go walk through and pick out her food. And then me and Lucy are going to food. And then me and Lucy are going to food. And then me and Lucy are going to go look. &gt;&gt; Are you going to want orange juice for &gt;&gt; Are you going to want orange juice for &gt;&gt; Are you going to want orange juice for breakfast? breakfast? breakfast? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. Okay. has. has. has. &gt;&gt; Oh, that looks good. &gt;&gt; Oh, that looks good. &gt;&gt; Oh, that looks good. &gt;&gt; All right, have a seat. I'll be right &gt;&gt; All right, have a seat. I'll be right &gt;&gt; All right, have a seat. I'll be right back. &gt;&gt; Loose. &gt;&gt; Loose. &gt;&gt; Loose. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; And they have the fried eggs on the &gt;&gt; And they have the fried eggs on the &gt;&gt; And they have the fried eggs on the back. back. back. &gt;&gt; Oh, perfect. &gt;&gt; Oh, perfect. &gt;&gt; Oh, perfect. &gt;&gt; Some fried rice. &gt;&gt; Some fried rice. &gt;&gt; Some fried rice. &gt;&gt; Red rice. &gt;&gt; Red rice. &gt;&gt; Red rice. &gt;&gt; I don't like fried rice. &gt;&gt; I don't like fried rice. &gt;&gt; I don't like fried rice. That's why I'm not getting it for you. That's why I'm not getting it for you. That's why I'm not getting it for you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Hi. Could I get some uh eggs and a hash &gt;&gt; Hi. Could I get some uh eggs and a hash &gt;&gt; Hi. Could I get some uh eggs and a hash brown? brown? brown? &gt;&gt; Waffle. &gt;&gt; Waffle. &gt;&gt; Waffle. &gt;&gt; Oh, would you like a waffle? Okay. Thank &gt;&gt; Oh, would you like a waffle? Okay. Thank &gt;&gt; Oh, would you like a waffle? Okay. Thank you so much. &gt;&gt; This feels like a balanced breakfast. I &gt;&gt; This feels like a balanced breakfast. I &gt;&gt; This feels like a balanced breakfast. I got rice, bread, another type of bread, got rice, bread, another type of bread, got rice, bread, another type of bread, eggs, potato, oatmeals, fruit. eggs, potato, oatmeals, fruit. eggs, potato, oatmeals, fruit. &gt;&gt; Is that Is that balanced? I don't know. &gt;&gt; Is that Is that balanced? I don't know. &gt;&gt; Is that Is that balanced? I don't know. &gt;&gt; You're welcome, baby. &gt;&gt; You're welcome, baby. &gt;&gt; You're welcome, baby. This the slide's super popular, huh? This the slide's super popular, huh? This the slide's super popular, huh? All right, Lucy wants to go to the All right, Lucy wants to go to the All right, Lucy wants to go to the Frozen story time in the kids club, so Frozen story time in the kids club, so Frozen story time in the kids club, so we are dropping her off so she can have we are dropping her off so she can have we are dropping her off so she can have some more fun. Well, Lucy is officially some more fun. Well, Lucy is officially some more fun. Well, Lucy is officially in the kids club. It is one of those. I in the kids club. It is one of those. I in the kids club. It is one of those. I have two kids with two very different have two kids with two very different have two kids with two very different personalities. One loves the kids club. personalities. One loves the kids club. personalities. One loves the kids club. I She would move in with them and Bella I She would move in with them and Bella I She would move in with them and Bella is like, "No, I'm good." She'll do it is like, "No, I'm good." She'll do it is like, "No, I'm good." She'll do it for like 30 minutes at a time. That is for like 30 minutes at a time. That is for like 30 minutes at a time. That is it. Belly, you want to see something cool? Belly, you want to see something cool? Belly, you want to see something cool? &gt;&gt; Two lattes. &gt;&gt; Two lattes. &gt;&gt; Two lattes. &gt;&gt; We daddy's coffee. &gt;&gt; We daddy's coffee. &gt;&gt; We daddy's coffee. &gt;&gt; Who is that? &gt;&gt; All right. Let's see. All right. Mine is &gt;&gt; All right. Let's see. All right. Mine is &gt;&gt; All right. Let's see. All right. Mine is fancy and yours is fancy. &gt;&gt; Delicious. &gt;&gt; Delicious. &gt;&gt; Delicious. &gt;&gt; I can taste the coconut. &gt;&gt; I can taste the coconut. &gt;&gt; I can taste the coconut. &gt;&gt; You can taste it. Yeah, that's good. &gt;&gt; You can taste it. Yeah, that's good. &gt;&gt; You can taste it. Yeah, that's good. &gt;&gt; Let's see if we're tall enough. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; we're making a run back to the room for &gt;&gt; we're making a run back to the room for &gt;&gt; we're making a run back to the room for socks. socks. socks. &gt;&gt; She's so excited. And it's not busy at &gt;&gt; She's so excited. And it's not busy at &gt;&gt; She's so excited. And it's not busy at all. all. all. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Girls are going to go pick up Lucy so &gt;&gt; Girls are going to go pick up Lucy so &gt;&gt; Girls are going to go pick up Lucy so that we can go do the Incred course. that we can go do the Incred course. that we can go do the Incred course. Bella is tall enough. Yeehaw. Very Bella is tall enough. Yeehaw. Very Bella is tall enough. Yeehaw. Very excited. Uh and I need to go pick up excited. Uh and I need to go pick up excited. Uh and I need to go pick up some socks. So, That's what we're doing. &gt;&gt; Sockies and and and sockies for mommy. socks. socks. socks. &gt;&gt; You can sit down and put those on, Lucy. &gt;&gt; You can sit down and put those on, Lucy. &gt;&gt; You can sit down and put those on, Lucy. There's your socks. There's your socks. There's your socks. &gt;&gt; Hard to believe, but I already have &gt;&gt; Hard to believe, but I already have &gt;&gt; Hard to believe, but I already have socks on. socks on. socks on. &gt;&gt; Look at you. &gt;&gt; ANYWAY, GO. WHOA. GOT TO GO UP. GOT TO GO UP. GOT TO GO UP. GO. Got to go up. She's going around. She's going. Wow. She's going around. She's going. Wow. She's going around. She's going. Wow. You're fast. Get it, Lucy. You can do it. Get it, Lucy. You can do it. Get it, Lucy. You can do it. You can do it. COME ON, LUCY. COME ON, LUCY. COME ON, LUCY. WOO! WOO! WOO! YEAH! YEAH! YEAH! WOO! WOO! WOO! YEAH! &gt;&gt; Come on, Come on, BELLA. YOU'RE SO CLOSE. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Go. WOO. Oh my goodness. There they go. &gt;&gt; Good job, Liz. Come on, BELLA. &gt;&gt; Good job, Liz. Come on, BELLA. &gt;&gt; Good job, Liz. Come on, BELLA. FEEL like I just completed like a workout or like I just completed like a workout or like I just completed like a workout or something. That was so fun, though. something. That was so fun, though. something. That was so fun, though. We've never got a chance to do it We've never got a chance to do it We've never got a chance to do it either. It was on a rainy port day and either. It was on a rainy port day and either. It was on a rainy port day and it was jam-packed and we didn't have it was jam-packed and we didn't have it was jam-packed and we didn't have socks and all this stuff, so we weren't socks and all this stuff, so we weren't socks and all this stuff, so we weren't able to do it. But I'm glad we had it able to do it. But I'm glad we had it able to do it. But I'm glad we had it this time. We had our socks. So, you're this time. We had our socks. So, you're this time. We had our socks. So, you're having a day and they're doing it. Just having a day and they're doing it. Just having a day and they're doing it. Just throw them in your bag. If you're throw them in your bag. If you're throw them in your bag. If you're throwing sandals, just have socks in throwing sandals, just have socks in throwing sandals, just have socks in your bag. You never know when you'll end your bag. You never know when you'll end your bag. You never know when you'll end up there. So fun. They have it for like up there. So fun. They have it for like up there. So fun. They have it for like So check the schedule. Do it. It's so So check the schedule. Do it. It's so So check the schedule. Do it. It's so fun. Now we're getting a victory prize fun. Now we're getting a victory prize fun. Now we're getting a victory prize of, you guessed it, ICE CREAM. of, you guessed it, ICE CREAM. of, you guessed it, ICE CREAM. Strawberry banana. There we go. There we go. There we go. Thank you. Oh my goodness. Thank you. Oh my goodness. Thank you. Oh my goodness. Six. Love it. Love it. Love it. Love it. Love it. Love it. Love it. Love it. Love it. &gt;&gt; We're already, &gt;&gt; We're already, &gt;&gt; We're already, &gt;&gt; baby. We've been down here. &gt;&gt; Some strawberry ice cream. That was &gt;&gt; Some strawberry ice cream. That was &gt;&gt; Some strawberry ice cream. That was yummy. yummy. yummy. &gt;&gt; And I loved it. &gt;&gt; And I loved it. &gt;&gt; And I loved it. &gt;&gt; You loved it. Good. Are you ready to go &gt;&gt; You loved it. Good. Are you ready to go &gt;&gt; You loved it. Good. Are you ready to go walk around and explore? Yeah. Hi. walk around and explore? Yeah. Hi. walk around and explore? Yeah. Hi. &gt;&gt; She's our little explorer. When we're &gt;&gt; She's our little explorer. When we're &gt;&gt; She's our little explorer. When we're getting breakfast, getting breakfast, getting breakfast, &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you for asking. Okay. When we &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you for asking. Okay. When we &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you for asking. Okay. When we were sitting at breakfast, she was um were sitting at breakfast, she was um were sitting at breakfast, she was um push my finger. There you go. push my finger. There you go. push my finger. There you go. She was like, can um She was like, can um She was like, can um &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. She's like, I think we &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. She's like, I think we &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. She's like, I think we should get off the ship and go explore should get off the ship and go explore should get off the ship and go explore and have an adventure through the whole and have an adventure through the whole and have an adventure through the whole city. city. city. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's what she said. &gt;&gt; that's what she said. &gt;&gt; that's what she said. &gt;&gt; All right. I'm like, &gt;&gt; All right. I'm like, &gt;&gt; All right. I'm like, &gt;&gt; are you your mommy's daughter? &gt;&gt; are you your mommy's daughter? &gt;&gt; are you your mommy's daughter? &gt;&gt; It's exactly like, &gt;&gt; It's exactly like, &gt;&gt; It's exactly like, &gt;&gt; let's explore. Ah, ah you feel you feel you feel Heat. Heat. Wow, Wow, Wow, &gt;&gt; that's beautiful. &gt;&gt; They can play turtle races. &gt;&gt; They can play turtle races. &gt;&gt; They can play turtle races. &gt;&gt; You don't see that everywhere you go. Oh, no. &gt;&gt; I will say if you were coming and you &gt;&gt; I will say if you were coming and you &gt;&gt; I will say if you were coming and you have little kids, bring the stroller. have little kids, bring the stroller. have little kids, bring the stroller. So, we did the compact option of our So, we did the compact option of our So, we did the compact option of our smaller single stroller as well as the smaller single stroller as well as the smaller single stroller as well as the piggyback board for Lucy when she needed piggyback board for Lucy when she needed piggyback board for Lucy when she needed some breaks. And this is like the gem. some breaks. And this is like the gem. some breaks. And this is like the gem. You do not want to bring a fulls size You do not want to bring a fulls size You do not want to bring a fulls size stroller. It's not impossible, but this stroller. It's not impossible, but this stroller. It's not impossible, but this just makes it so much easier. So, if you just makes it so much easier. So, if you just makes it so much easier. So, if you have a compact or you can borrow a have a compact or you can borrow a have a compact or you can borrow a compact, bring the compact We came, we shopped, and now we are We came, we shopped, and now we are We came, we shopped, and now we are headed back for some room service and a headed back for some room service and a headed back for some room service and a little relaxing. Let me see. Got a little relaxing. Let me see. Got a little relaxing. Let me see. Got a dolphin dolphin dolphin &gt;&gt; and a turtle. &gt;&gt; and a turtle. &gt;&gt; and a turtle. &gt;&gt; That was fun, huh? &gt;&gt; That was fun, huh? &gt;&gt; That was fun, huh? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's meant for a turtle race, too. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's meant for a turtle race, too. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's meant for a turtle race, too. &gt;&gt; Oh, that'll be cool to have. &gt;&gt; All right, &gt;&gt; All right, &gt;&gt; All right, &gt;&gt; ready to get on the board. &gt;&gt; ready to get on the board. &gt;&gt; ready to get on the board. &gt;&gt; Back aboard and ready for lunch. We come back to the ship and just We come back to the ship and just We come back to the ship and just remembered the girls. remembered the girls. remembered the girls. Got it ready for the for Figaro and Got it ready for the for Figaro and Got it ready for the for Figaro and Captain Minnie to enjoy their view. Captain Minnie to enjoy their view. Captain Minnie to enjoy their view. &gt;&gt; Man, &gt;&gt; Man, &gt;&gt; Man, &gt;&gt; what a view it is. &gt;&gt; So loud. &gt;&gt; So loud. &gt;&gt; So loud. &gt;&gt; I can hear it from here. &gt;&gt; I can hear it from here. &gt;&gt; I can hear it from here. &gt;&gt; I know. Hi there. Um I was wanting to &gt;&gt; I know. Hi there. Um I was wanting to &gt;&gt; I know. Hi there. Um I was wanting to place a lunch order. It is 10144. That's place a lunch order. It is 10144. That's place a lunch order. It is 10144. That's correct. Yes. Uh I would like to get the correct. Yes. Uh I would like to get the correct. Yes. Uh I would like to get the grilled salmon salad. No. No. Uh grilled salmon salad. No. No. Uh grilled salmon salad. No. No. Uh restrictions. Uh tomato soup and the restrictions. Uh tomato soup and the restrictions. Uh tomato soup and the grilled cheese. I need to get three grilled cheese. I need to get three grilled cheese. I need to get three orders of the buffalo chicken wings. Uh orders of the buffalo chicken wings. Uh orders of the buffalo chicken wings. Uh neither. And then if I could get four neither. And then if I could get four neither. And then if I could get four orders of fries. Uh yes. No. No dipping orders of fries. Uh yes. No. No dipping orders of fries. Uh yes. No. No dipping for all of the buffalo wings. And with for all of the buffalo wings. And with for all of the buffalo wings. And with ketchup with those, please. A um one of ketchup with those, please. A um one of ketchup with those, please. A um one of the cheeseburgers. Let's do ketchup and the cheeseburgers. Let's do ketchup and the cheeseburgers. Let's do ketchup and mustard. Uh can I get a hamburger? So mustard. Uh can I get a hamburger? So mustard. Uh can I get a hamburger? So one without the cheese. And then I need one without the cheese. And then I need one without the cheese. And then I need to get a kids macaroni and cheese if I to get a kids macaroni and cheese if I to get a kids macaroni and cheese if I can. And do you have a kids spaghetti? can. And do you have a kids spaghetti? can. And do you have a kids spaghetti? Can we just do uh butter noodles? Is Can we just do uh butter noodles? Is Can we just do uh butter noodles? Is that possible? Okay. Yes, please. And to that possible? Okay. Yes, please. And to that possible? Okay. Yes, please. And to top all that off, six orders of the top all that off, six orders of the top all that off, six orders of the chocolate chip cookies. That's correct. chocolate chip cookies. That's correct. chocolate chip cookies. That's correct. Yes. Sure. Why not? That'd be great. Yes. Sure. Why not? That'd be great. Yes. Sure. Why not? That'd be great. That is all. That's perfect. Thank you. That is all. That's perfect. Thank you. That is all. That's perfect. Thank you. You, too. Bye. You, too. Bye. You, too. Bye. Feel like I ordered enough for an army. Feel like I ordered enough for an army. Feel like I ordered enough for an army. It's like and this and this and this. It's like and this and this and this. It's like and this and this and this. Like there's a lot of us, but it's on Like there's a lot of us, but it's on Like there's a lot of us, but it's on its way. 45 50 minutes. So, it's its way. 45 50 minutes. So, it's its way. 45 50 minutes. So, it's &gt;&gt; good time to relax. &gt;&gt; good time to relax. &gt;&gt; good time to relax. &gt;&gt; Yes, definitely. Definitely time to &gt;&gt; Yes, definitely. Definitely time to &gt;&gt; Yes, definitely. Definitely time to relax. relax. relax. &gt;&gt; Lots of wings. &gt;&gt; Lots of wings. &gt;&gt; Lots of wings. &gt;&gt; Have a good day. &gt;&gt; Have a good day. &gt;&gt; Have a good day. &gt;&gt; You too. &gt;&gt; You too. &gt;&gt; You too. &gt;&gt; Bye, guys. Enjoy your day. &gt;&gt; Bye, guys. Enjoy your day. &gt;&gt; Bye, guys. Enjoy your day. &gt;&gt; Let's see. We've got mommy and daddy's &gt;&gt; got silverware. &gt;&gt; got silverware. &gt;&gt; got silverware. &gt;&gt; Silverware. Okay. &gt;&gt; Silverware. Okay. &gt;&gt; Silverware. Okay. potato. potato. potato. &gt;&gt; Do not put your fingers in the box. Do &gt;&gt; Do not put your fingers in the box. Do &gt;&gt; Do not put your fingers in the box. Do you understand? you understand? you understand? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So, we have some room service coming. &gt;&gt; So, we have some room service coming. &gt;&gt; So, we have some room service coming. Lots of food. I'm going to go get us Lots of food. I'm going to go get us Lots of food. I'm going to go get us some drinks cuz we're kind of cheap some drinks cuz we're kind of cheap some drinks cuz we're kind of cheap sometimes and I don't want to spend sometimes and I don't want to spend sometimes and I don't want to spend money on an orange Fanta soda when I can money on an orange Fanta soda when I can money on an orange Fanta soda when I can just go upstairs and get a Sprite. just go upstairs and get a Sprite. just go upstairs and get a Sprite. I don't know if that's cheap or not, but I don't know if that's cheap or not, but I don't know if that's cheap or not, but I'm going to go upstairs, grab our I'm going to go upstairs, grab our I'm going to go upstairs, grab our drinks, and then we're going to have a drinks, and then we're going to have a drinks, and then we're going to have a feast. Can I do a strawberry banana feast. Can I do a strawberry banana feast. Can I do a strawberry banana swirl? swirl? swirl? Yes. Thank you. Thank you so much. Yes. Thank you. Thank you so much. Yes. Thank you. Thank you so much. Don't tell Ashley. Um I just came drinks. I came to get I just came drinks. I came to get I just came drinks. I came to get drinks. So I stopped for an ice cream. That's so good. Room service. Room service. Room service. I smell I smell I smell some hot wings. Mhm. some hot wings. Mhm. some hot wings. Mhm. &gt;&gt; Oh man, that looks good. &gt;&gt; Oh man, that looks good. &gt;&gt; Oh man, that looks good. &gt;&gt; We're getting door slammed so hard. &gt;&gt; We're getting door slammed so hard. &gt;&gt; We're getting door slammed so hard. &gt;&gt; I like your hats. &gt;&gt; I like your hats. &gt;&gt; I like your hats. &gt;&gt; All right, I have the salmon salad, &gt;&gt; All right, I have the salmon salad, &gt;&gt; All right, I have the salmon salad, which is so good. The buffalo chicken which is so good. The buffalo chicken which is so good. The buffalo chicken wings. Two thumbs up for those. Very wings. Two thumbs up for those. Very wings. Two thumbs up for those. Very good. We also got a tomato soup, grilled good. We also got a tomato soup, grilled good. We also got a tomato soup, grilled cheese, fries for me and Dean, chicken cheese, fries for me and Dean, chicken cheese, fries for me and Dean, chicken wings for him. And then the girls got wings for him. And then the girls got wings for him. And then the girls got macaroni and cheese and fries. And then macaroni and cheese and fries. And then macaroni and cheese and fries. And then butter noodles and fries as well. butter noodles and fries as well. butter noodles and fries as well. And then six packs of chocolate chip And then six packs of chocolate chip And then six packs of chocolate chip cookies cuz they're so good. I don't cookies cuz they're so good. I don't cookies cuz they're so good. I don't know why the two cookies are different, know why the two cookies are different, know why the two cookies are different, but I will say the cookies from Room but I will say the cookies from Room but I will say the cookies from Room Service are the hands down best. Ask for Service are the hands down best. Ask for Service are the hands down best. Ask for them warmed. You're welcome. But they're them warmed. You're welcome. But they're them warmed. You're welcome. But they're way better than the ones in Marceline way better than the ones in Marceline way better than the ones in Marceline Market. To me, those are hard and Market. To me, those are hard and Market. To me, those are hard and they're like a different type of cookie. they're like a different type of cookie. they're like a different type of cookie. So, it's like personal preference. I'm So, it's like personal preference. I'm So, it's like personal preference. I'm just saying that would be my cookie just saying that would be my cookie just saying that would be my cookie recommendation if you're looking for a recommendation if you're looking for a recommendation if you're looking for a good cookie recommendation cuz I mean, good cookie recommendation cuz I mean, good cookie recommendation cuz I mean, who isn't? It's chocolate chip cookies. who isn't? It's chocolate chip cookies. who isn't? It's chocolate chip cookies. &gt;&gt; I got to know if this is as good as it &gt;&gt; I got to know if this is as good as it &gt;&gt; I got to know if this is as good as it looks though. looks though. looks though. &gt;&gt; I grilled the soup and it should not &gt;&gt; I grilled the soup and it should not &gt;&gt; I grilled the soup and it should not taste that good. taste that good. taste that good. &gt;&gt; I love how creamy it is. &gt;&gt; I love how creamy it is. &gt;&gt; I love how creamy it is. &gt;&gt; That tastes very similar &gt;&gt; That tastes very similar &gt;&gt; That tastes very similar to the Riviera. Yeah, it is kind of to the Riviera. Yeah, it is kind of to the Riviera. Yeah, it is kind of similar. I feel like the whatever is a similar. I feel like the whatever is a similar. I feel like the whatever is a little creamier. That was good. It's little creamier. That was good. It's little creamier. That was good. It's better than any tomato soup I can ever better than any tomato soup I can ever better than any tomato soup I can ever make at home. Like I want to find a make at home. Like I want to find a make at home. Like I want to find a really good tomato soup recipe, which really good tomato soup recipe, which really good tomato soup recipe, which we're not hitting it. we're not hitting it. we're not hitting it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. If anybody has a good tomato soup &gt;&gt; Yeah. If anybody has a good tomato soup &gt;&gt; Yeah. If anybody has a good tomato soup recipe, please, please link it. recipe, please, please link it. recipe, please, please link it. &gt;&gt; Sharing is caring. &gt;&gt; Sharing is caring. &gt;&gt; Sharing is caring. &gt;&gt; Chill jump partying. &gt;&gt; Chill jump partying. &gt;&gt; Chill jump partying. &gt;&gt; They've been painting banger after &gt;&gt; They've been painting banger after &gt;&gt; They've been painting banger after banger. banger. banger. &gt;&gt; It's the millennial playlist. &gt;&gt; It's the millennial playlist. &gt;&gt; It's the millennial playlist. Show them. Show them. Show them. Show them. Show them. Show them. &gt;&gt; So they all start together. &gt;&gt; So they all start together. &gt;&gt; So they all start together. &gt;&gt; So that means I have to eat three at &gt;&gt; So that means I have to eat three at &gt;&gt; So that means I have to eat three at once, right? once, right? once, right? &gt;&gt; I think so. That's the rules. &gt;&gt; They don't count on cruise ships. Don't &gt;&gt; They don't count on cruise ships. Don't &gt;&gt; They don't count on cruise ships. Don't you know? &gt;&gt; I like that. &gt;&gt; I like that. &gt;&gt; I like that. &gt;&gt; Can you turn on this one? &gt;&gt; Can you turn on this one? &gt;&gt; Can you turn on this one? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Which Which Which one one one back to you? back to you? back to you? &gt;&gt; Hold it up. &gt;&gt; Hold it up. &gt;&gt; Hold it up. &gt;&gt; Bye now. &gt;&gt; Bye now. &gt;&gt; Bye now. &gt;&gt; Oh, really? &gt;&gt; Oh, really? &gt;&gt; Oh, really? Did &gt;&gt; you can't stop? &gt;&gt; you can't stop? &gt;&gt; you can't stop? &gt;&gt; Did they just kill Wonder Wall? &gt;&gt; Did they just kill Wonder Wall? &gt;&gt; Did they just kill Wonder Wall? It's like stopping stairway and playing It's like stopping stairway and playing It's like stopping stairway and playing guitar. So guitar. All right. &gt;&gt; So, is this 15 bucks worth it? &gt;&gt; So, is this 15 bucks worth it? &gt;&gt; So, is this 15 bucks worth it? &gt;&gt; Grab the deck swaps. &gt;&gt; Grab the deck swaps. &gt;&gt; Grab the deck swaps. Now, &gt;&gt; I want ice cream. &gt;&gt; I want ice cream. &gt;&gt; I want ice cream. Pirate cream. Yarn cream. Pirate cream. Yarn cream. Pirate cream. Yarn cream. &gt;&gt; Yarn cream. &gt;&gt; If you want to go down the slide, we got &gt;&gt; If you want to go down the slide, we got &gt;&gt; If you want to go down the slide, we got to go to three. to go to three. to go to three. &gt;&gt; So many pirates in one place. &gt;&gt; Be a nice pirate. &gt;&gt; Be a nice pirate. &gt;&gt; Be a nice pirate. &gt;&gt; Bye. &gt;&gt; Bye. &gt;&gt; Bye. Thank you. Say bye. &gt;&gt; What is this? &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Hello. Hi. Doing well. Can we do the &gt;&gt; Hello. Hi. Doing well. Can we do the &gt;&gt; Hello. Hi. Doing well. Can we do the iced coffee? iced coffee? iced coffee? &gt;&gt; Ice coffee. &gt;&gt; Ice coffee. &gt;&gt; Ice coffee. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Can we do an iced coffee with &gt;&gt; Yeah. Can we do an iced coffee with &gt;&gt; Yeah. Can we do an iced coffee with mocha and coconut? mocha and coconut? mocha and coconut? &gt;&gt; Coconut. Mocha. &gt;&gt; Coconut. Mocha. &gt;&gt; Coconut. Mocha. &gt;&gt; Yep. And then is there like a a &gt;&gt; Yep. And then is there like a a &gt;&gt; Yep. And then is there like a a specialty special hot latte that's got specialty special hot latte that's got specialty special hot latte that's got &gt;&gt; caramel coconut latte? &gt;&gt; caramel coconut latte? &gt;&gt; caramel coconut latte? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. That hot. &gt;&gt; Yes. That hot. &gt;&gt; Yes. That hot. really good for me. really good for me. really good for me. &gt;&gt; The nightmare &gt;&gt; The nightmare &gt;&gt; The nightmare sweet. sweet. sweet. &gt;&gt; I like it. Sweet. &gt;&gt; Ooh, that is yummy. &gt;&gt; Ooh, that is yummy. &gt;&gt; Ooh, that is yummy. &gt;&gt; You have anything that's just &gt;&gt; I like that. Worth it. Yum. Yum. Yum. It's funny. So, Bella, whenever she It's funny. So, Bella, whenever she It's funny. So, Bella, whenever she tries, she's like, I don't I don't like tries, she's like, I don't I don't like tries, she's like, I don't I don't like coffee. And Lucy's like, this is the coffee. And Lucy's like, this is the coffee. And Lucy's like, this is the greatest drink I've ever had in my life. greatest drink I've ever had in my life. greatest drink I've ever had in my life. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Now, Lucio is going to be our &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Now, Lucio is going to be our &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Now, Lucio is going to be our coffee drinker. coffee drinker. coffee drinker. to drink. &gt;&gt; Thank you so much. Thank you. &gt;&gt; No, not so. &gt;&gt; No, not so. &gt;&gt; No, not so. &gt;&gt; All right, wait for it. Let me turn it &gt;&gt; All right, wait for it. Let me turn it &gt;&gt; All right, wait for it. Let me turn it around for you. around for you. around for you. &gt;&gt; A, that's &gt;&gt; a cute cat. &gt;&gt; a cute cat. &gt;&gt; a cute cat. &gt;&gt; That is cute. &gt;&gt; That is cute. &gt;&gt; That is cute. &gt;&gt; They're slow. &gt;&gt; They're slow. &gt;&gt; They're slow. &gt;&gt; A &gt;&gt; A &gt;&gt; A &gt;&gt; Bye, M. A &gt;&gt; Bye, M. A &gt;&gt; Bye, M. A &gt;&gt; yeah, it makes me go away, but it makes &gt;&gt; yeah, it makes me go away, but it makes &gt;&gt; yeah, it makes me go away, but it makes the milk. Why is it in a chocolate milk? the milk. Why is it in a chocolate milk? the milk. Why is it in a chocolate milk? &gt;&gt; Lucy's been picked up, coffee has been &gt;&gt; Lucy's been picked up, coffee has been &gt;&gt; Lucy's been picked up, coffee has been drank, and it's about time for Bibbidity drank, and it's about time for Bibbidity drank, and it's about time for Bibbidity Bobby. Pirate makeover. &gt;&gt; Wrong way. &gt;&gt; Time for a pirate makeover. &gt;&gt; Oh, there comes Donald. &gt;&gt; Oh, there comes Donald. &gt;&gt; Oh, there comes Donald. &gt;&gt; It's Donald. &gt;&gt; It's Donald. &gt;&gt; It's Donald. Let's step over here out of this way. &gt;&gt; Donald's number one. &gt;&gt; Donald's number one. &gt;&gt; Donald's number one. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Donald's number one. That's right. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Donald's number one. That's right. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Donald's number one. That's right. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. Pirates. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; I go up on the stage. &gt;&gt; Can you go on the stage so I can take a &gt;&gt; Can you go on the stage so I can take a &gt;&gt; Can you go on the stage so I can take a picture? picture? picture? All All All &gt;&gt; right. Turn around. Sweet. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Y &gt;&gt; Okay, M. You're good to go, my friend. &gt;&gt; Okay, M. You're good to go, my friend. &gt;&gt; Okay, M. You're good to go, my friend. Have fun, baby. Have fun, baby. Have fun, baby. &gt;&gt; Bye. &gt;&gt; Bye. &gt;&gt; Bye. &gt;&gt; Bye. &gt;&gt; Bye. &gt;&gt; Bye. &gt;&gt; Bye. &gt;&gt; Bye. &gt;&gt; Bye. &gt;&gt; Bye. Daddy. Hey. This is a song for our dear friend Dean. Santa's going to shoot. I hope your room Santa's going to shoot. I hope your room Santa's going to shoot. I hope your room is clean. is clean. is clean. &gt;&gt; He loves to dance. He's a dirty machine. &gt;&gt; Watch out of your not be mean. &gt;&gt; Watch out of your not be mean. &gt;&gt; Watch out of your not be mean. &gt;&gt; CELEBRATING THE HOLIDAYS, BUT NOT &gt;&gt; CELEBRATING THE HOLIDAYS, BUT NOT &gt;&gt; CELEBRATING THE HOLIDAYS, BUT NOT HALLOWEEN. &gt;&gt; When he eats all the cookies, he feels &gt;&gt; When he eats all the cookies, he feels &gt;&gt; When he eats all the cookies, he feels in his sleep. DIFFERENT. We tell stories IN ONE MATCH. Who should We tell stories IN ONE MATCH. Who should We tell stories IN ONE MATCH. Who should play who we tell the story? play who we tell the story? play who we tell the story? &gt;&gt; Well, I hear I'm completely dressed to &gt;&gt; Well, I hear I'm completely dressed to &gt;&gt; Well, I hear I'm completely dressed to play. play. play. &gt;&gt; Oh, very well. I'll be on the red. &gt;&gt; AND NOW PRESENTING THE tale of SAVO FAST. Those are my ribbons. Those are my FAST. Those are my ribbons. Those are my FAST. Those are my ribbons. Those are my bows and those are my perks. &gt;&gt; I did. &gt;&gt; I did. &gt;&gt; I did. I think you MEAN I think you MEAN I think you MEAN BOO. BOO. BOO. &gt;&gt; LOOK AT ME. &gt;&gt; LOOK AT ME. &gt;&gt; LOOK AT ME. &gt;&gt; AND OFF TO THE BALL WITH YOUR BODY. &gt;&gt; AND OFF TO THE BALL WITH YOUR BODY. &gt;&gt; AND OFF TO THE BALL WITH YOUR BODY. &gt;&gt; OH, LOOK a prince. &gt;&gt; OH, LOOK a prince. &gt;&gt; OH, LOOK a prince. &gt;&gt; It's me, Prince Charming. &gt;&gt; It's me, Prince Charming. &gt;&gt; It's me, Prince Charming. &gt;&gt; Oh, LOOK A PRINCESS. I LOVE YOU. GOOD &gt;&gt; Oh, LOOK A PRINCESS. I LOVE YOU. GOOD &gt;&gt; Oh, LOOK A PRINCESS. I LOVE YOU. GOOD NIGHT. &gt;&gt; A shoe. &gt;&gt; I know. THIS MUST ONLY FIT ONE IN THE &gt;&gt; I know. THIS MUST ONLY FIT ONE IN THE &gt;&gt; I know. THIS MUST ONLY FIT ONE IN THE ENTIRE KINGDOM. ENTIRE KINGDOM. ENTIRE KINGDOM. &gt;&gt; IT'S my &gt;&gt; IT'S my &gt;&gt; IT'S my actually IT'S MINE. actually IT'S MINE. actually IT'S MINE. &gt;&gt; IT'S MY SLIPPER. OH NO, YOU FOUND ME. &gt;&gt; IT'S MY SLIPPER. OH NO, YOU FOUND ME. &gt;&gt; IT'S MY SLIPPER. OH NO, YOU FOUND ME. WHO ARE YOU? WHO ARE YOU? WHO ARE YOU? &gt;&gt; HI, CINDERELLA. &gt;&gt; HI, CINDERELLA. &gt;&gt; HI, CINDERELLA. &gt;&gt; OH, I can't lose those eyes anywhere. Or &gt;&gt; OH, I can't lose those eyes anywhere. Or &gt;&gt; OH, I can't lose those eyes anywhere. Or I can just KISS A PERFECT KISS and beauty. Who's going to play the beast? Who's going to play the beast? Who's going to play the beast? &gt;&gt; I think it's quite obvious. &gt;&gt; I think it's quite obvious. &gt;&gt; I think it's quite obvious. &gt;&gt; You should play the beast. &gt;&gt; You should play the beast. &gt;&gt; You should play the beast. &gt;&gt; Okay. Very unpopular opinion. I feel &gt;&gt; Okay. Very unpopular opinion. I feel &gt;&gt; Okay. Very unpopular opinion. I feel like I love Lord Leopold and Lily more like I love Lord Leopold and Lily more like I love Lord Leopold and Lily more than than than &gt;&gt; Sage and Corander on the treasure. &gt;&gt; Sage and Corander on the treasure. &gt;&gt; Sage and Corander on the treasure. &gt;&gt; Unpopular opinion. &gt;&gt; Unpopular opinion. &gt;&gt; Unpopular opinion. &gt;&gt; But that's my hot take. &gt;&gt; But that's my hot take. &gt;&gt; But that's my hot take. &gt;&gt; They're they're hilarious. They're &gt;&gt; They're they're hilarious. They're &gt;&gt; They're they're hilarious. They're freaking hilarious. freaking hilarious. freaking hilarious. &gt;&gt; They are &gt;&gt; They are &gt;&gt; They are doing more crafts. They're going to do doing more crafts. They're going to do doing more crafts. They're going to do pirate crafts after dinner. No, I don't pirate crafts after dinner. No, I don't pirate crafts after dinner. No, I don't want to go back. want to go back. want to go back. &gt;&gt; Okay. Do you want me to put your craft &gt;&gt; Okay. Do you want me to put your craft &gt;&gt; Okay. Do you want me to put your craft in my bag? &gt;&gt; Okay. But &gt;&gt; Okay. But &gt;&gt; Okay. But &gt;&gt; yeah. &gt;&gt; yeah. &gt;&gt; yeah. &gt;&gt; All right. We picked up the pirates just &gt;&gt; All right. We picked up the pirates just &gt;&gt; All right. We picked up the pirates just in time to go get dinner. It is Oh my in time to go get dinner. It is Oh my in time to go get dinner. It is Oh my goodness. 5:35. goodness. 5:35. goodness. 5:35. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. We got to get &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. We got to get &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. We got to get you. you. you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, baby. &gt;&gt; Yeah, baby. &gt;&gt; Yeah, baby. All right. Picture quick. Picture All right. Picture quick. Picture All right. Picture quick. Picture picture. &gt;&gt; Everybody say cheese. &gt;&gt; Everybody say cheese. &gt;&gt; Everybody say cheese. &gt;&gt; Cheese. &gt;&gt; Cheese. &gt;&gt; Cheese. &gt;&gt; Arendelle. &gt;&gt; We have fun. &gt;&gt; We have fun. &gt;&gt; We have fun. &gt;&gt; Yes. Okay, follow daddy. Okay, follow daddy. Okay, follow daddy. &gt;&gt; You got to catch up. &gt;&gt; You got to catch up. &gt;&gt; You got to catch up. &gt;&gt; So, how many? &gt;&gt; So, how many? &gt;&gt; So, how many? &gt;&gt; Six. &gt;&gt; Six. &gt;&gt; Six. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. We're right by this. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. We're right by this. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. We're right by this. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, ladies, look at this. &gt;&gt; And tonight you get you sling a napkin &gt;&gt; And tonight you get you sling a napkin &gt;&gt; And tonight you get you sling a napkin over your head. over your head. over your head. Yeah, &gt;&gt; as a very welcome to castle type soups. &gt;&gt; as a very welcome to castle type soups. &gt;&gt; as a very welcome to castle type soups. I got split yellow pea soup and the I got split yellow pea soup and the I got split yellow pea soup and the carrot soup can soup. We make it from carrot soup can soup. We make it from carrot soup can soup. We make it from yellow. yellow. yellow. &gt;&gt; It's time to order. I want to ask what &gt;&gt; It's time to order. I want to ask what &gt;&gt; It's time to order. I want to ask what the meatballs are made out of. the meatballs are made out of. the meatballs are made out of. &gt;&gt; If they're beef, if they're all beef, &gt;&gt; If they're beef, if they're all beef, &gt;&gt; If they're beef, if they're all beef, then I'll get it cuz it sounds really then I'll get it cuz it sounds really then I'll get it cuz it sounds really good. Do you want some pink fish and good. Do you want some pink fish and good. Do you want some pink fish and some macaroni? I want this. I want this. I want this. &gt;&gt; It's so pretty. &gt;&gt; THIS OUT. HEAT. HEAT. HEAT. HEAT. HEAT. WOO! He's just hanging out. I'd be like ranger. Look at this pirate here. No fingers. &gt;&gt; All right. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. &gt;&gt; Um, I don't know that I'm fancy enough &gt;&gt; Um, I don't know that I'm fancy enough &gt;&gt; Um, I don't know that I'm fancy enough to eat that. to eat that. to eat that. All right. Olaf knows Paris shoot. Let's All right. Olaf knows Paris shoot. Let's All right. Olaf knows Paris shoot. Let's give it a shot. Got the flavor. Got the flavor. Got the flavor. Got the flavor for sure. Not one that I'm going to try again. Um, Olaf's nose is not something you Um, Olaf's nose is not something you Um, Olaf's nose is not something you want to eat unless you like that type of want to eat unless you like that type of want to eat unless you like that type of thing. That's all I'm going to say. Not thing. That's all I'm going to say. Not thing. That's all I'm going to say. Not my favorite, but okay. my favorite, but okay. my favorite, but okay. Delicious looking roasted chicken. Prime rib, I guess. Some delicious Prime rib, I guess. Some delicious Prime rib, I guess. Some delicious potatoes. potatoes. potatoes. Got the cod to try which looks so yummy. Got the cod to try which looks so yummy. Got the cod to try which looks so yummy. And we know the rib. It's a prime rib And we know the rib. It's a prime rib And we know the rib. It's a prime rib and it is so good. I think we've got and it is so good. I think we've got and it is so good. I think we've got this almost like every time we've come this almost like every time we've come this almost like every time we've come on the wish. This is our third time on on the wish. This is our third time on on the wish. This is our third time on the wish. This is a staple. So good. the wish. This is a staple. So good. the wish. This is a staple. So good. &gt;&gt; First things first, these potatoes are &gt;&gt; First things first, these potatoes are &gt;&gt; First things first, these potatoes are fantastic. fantastic. fantastic. Second thing second, these potatoes are Second thing second, these potatoes are Second thing second, these potatoes are fantastic. fantastic. fantastic. Third, third. This chicken is delicious. Third, third. This chicken is delicious. Third, third. This chicken is delicious. Fourth and fourth. I've not tried this Fourth and fourth. I've not tried this Fourth and fourth. I've not tried this yet, but everything so far on entre has yet, but everything so far on entre has yet, but everything so far on entre has been fantastic. &gt;&gt; That is so good. &gt;&gt; That is so good. &gt;&gt; That is so good. &gt;&gt; We've basically ordered this every &gt;&gt; We've basically ordered this every &gt;&gt; We've basically ordered this every single time and it's been great every single time and it's been great every single time and it's been great every single time. Like it's not like it was single time. Like it's not like it was single time. Like it's not like it was good that one time. It's It's It's &gt;&gt; your first time HERE IN AARON VALLEY. &gt;&gt; your first time HERE IN AARON VALLEY. &gt;&gt; your first time HERE IN AARON VALLEY. OH, we've been here three times. &gt;&gt; That's right. Absolutely. A little &gt;&gt; That's right. Absolutely. A little &gt;&gt; That's right. Absolutely. A little differently. Whatever. Yes. Yes. Yes. &gt;&gt; You afra Heat. HEAT. HEAT. HEAT. YEAH. YEAH. YEAH. HEAT. FINISH. &gt;&gt; My favorite was the fish. That's my like &gt;&gt; My favorite was the fish. That's my like &gt;&gt; My favorite was the fish. That's my like new go-to here. That's pretty good. It new go-to here. That's pretty good. It new go-to here. That's pretty good. It was amazing. was amazing. was amazing. The uh ribeye, not ribeye, prime rib. On The uh ribeye, not ribeye, prime rib. On The uh ribeye, not ribeye, prime rib. On the menu, it says ribeye. It's actually the menu, it says ribeye. It's actually the menu, it says ribeye. It's actually prime rib. Is delicious. prime rib. Is delicious. prime rib. Is delicious. But that dish was next level. But that dish was next level. But that dish was next level. &gt;&gt; Mhm. The chicken is super duper juicy as &gt;&gt; Mhm. The chicken is super duper juicy as &gt;&gt; Mhm. The chicken is super duper juicy as well. Um, and that's delicious as well. well. Um, and that's delicious as well. well. Um, and that's delicious as well. And all of it so good. And all of it so good. And all of it so good. That's what I'm talking about. Heat. Heat. Suddenly I DON'T want to be want to be want to be I think this has been my favorite area. I think this has been my favorite area. I think this has been my favorite area. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is great. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's good. It's an ice cream. You can't. &gt;&gt; Dear dad, it's been super busy this &gt;&gt; Dear dad, it's been super busy this &gt;&gt; Dear dad, it's been super busy this season. She's like, "Oh, Christmas. All these things remind us of THE COACH. All these things remind us of THE COACH. All these things remind us of THE COACH. AND WELL, MAKE CHRISTMAS CHRISTMAS. YEAH, YEAH, YEAH, &gt;&gt; we'll do a quick pirate jammy change. &gt;&gt; And then show. &gt;&gt; And then show. &gt;&gt; And then show. &gt;&gt; Yeah, and then the show. Sounds like a &gt;&gt; Yeah, and then the show. Sounds like a &gt;&gt; Yeah, and then the show. Sounds like a good idea. I like your plan. good idea. I like your plan. good idea. I like your plan. &gt;&gt; There's something in there. That's &gt;&gt; There's something in there. That's &gt;&gt; There's something in there. That's sweet. &gt;&gt; Huh? &gt;&gt; Huh? &gt;&gt; Huh? Oh, it's a little froggy. Or no, it's a Oh, it's a little froggy. Or no, it's a Oh, it's a little froggy. Or no, it's a Mike Wazowski. Mike Wazowski. Mike Wazowski. That's cool. That's cool. That's cool. &gt;&gt; Oh, this is new. &gt;&gt; Oh, this is new. &gt;&gt; Oh, this is new. &gt;&gt; It's like a fish. &gt;&gt; It's like a fish. &gt;&gt; It's like a fish. &gt;&gt; This right here is the first time we've &gt;&gt; This right here is the first time we've &gt;&gt; This right here is the first time we've ever had this type of fish. I like that. ever had this type of fish. I like that. ever had this type of fish. I like that. &gt;&gt; I know. I like that one. Usually it's &gt;&gt; I know. I like that one. Usually it's &gt;&gt; I know. I like that one. Usually it's the um like octopus with the like the um like octopus with the like the um like octopus with the like &gt;&gt; the gold money as the eye. &gt;&gt; the gold money as the eye. &gt;&gt; the gold money as the eye. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Chocolate. &gt;&gt; Chocolate. &gt;&gt; Chocolate. &gt;&gt; This one's a fish with the gold money as &gt;&gt; This one's a fish with the gold money as &gt;&gt; This one's a fish with the gold money as the eye. the eye. the eye. &gt;&gt; I like it. That was cute. &gt;&gt; I like it. That was cute. &gt;&gt; I like it. That was cute. &gt;&gt; I know. Chocolate money. &gt;&gt; I know. Chocolate money. &gt;&gt; I know. Chocolate money. &gt;&gt; Wa. Did the tooth fairy come? &gt;&gt; Wa. Did the tooth fairy come? &gt;&gt; Wa. Did the tooth fairy come? &gt;&gt; That is what our tooth fairy brings. &gt;&gt; That is what our tooth fairy brings. &gt;&gt; That is what our tooth fairy brings. &gt;&gt; Mhm. All right, we grabbed a couple of &gt;&gt; Mhm. All right, we grabbed a couple of &gt;&gt; Mhm. All right, we grabbed a couple of bottles of water and our popcorn bucket bottles of water and our popcorn bucket bottles of water and our popcorn bucket and it is time for and it is time for and it is time for &gt;&gt; I see that. Don't touch it. That's not &gt;&gt; I see that. Don't touch it. That's not &gt;&gt; I see that. Don't touch it. That's not yours. yours. yours. &gt;&gt; Go get some popcorn. &gt;&gt; Go get some popcorn. &gt;&gt; Go get some popcorn. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; you got Oh, you got tatted up with the &gt;&gt; you got Oh, you got tatted up with the &gt;&gt; you got Oh, you got tatted up with the mick. mick. mick. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's very tired of you. &gt;&gt; that's very tired of you. &gt;&gt; that's very tired of you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that'll happen. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that'll happen. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that'll happen. That's what happens when you put it on That's what happens when you put it on That's what happens when you put it on with water with water with water &gt;&gt; and you're not supposed to put it on &gt;&gt; and you're not supposed to put it on &gt;&gt; and you're not supposed to put it on with water. with water. with water. &gt;&gt; No, it's protected. &gt;&gt; No, it's protected. &gt;&gt; No, it's protected. &gt;&gt; Oh, I was like, did I do it wrong? &gt;&gt; Oh, I was like, did I do it wrong? &gt;&gt; Oh, I was like, did I do it wrong? &gt;&gt; It's a temporary one, so it comes off. &gt;&gt; It's a temporary one, so it comes off. &gt;&gt; It's a temporary one, so it comes off. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I was like, I didn't do many of those in &gt;&gt; I was like, I didn't do many of those in &gt;&gt; I was like, I didn't do many of those in my day. I'm not sure that I was right. my day. I'm not sure that I was right. my day. I'm not sure that I was right. &gt;&gt; Well, you did perfect. &gt;&gt; Well, you did perfect. &gt;&gt; Well, you did perfect. &gt;&gt; Even when I did it, I told her like, I &gt;&gt; Even when I did it, I told her like, I &gt;&gt; Even when I did it, I told her like, I think mommy's doing this right, but I'm think mommy's doing this right, but I'm think mommy's doing this right, but I'm not sure. not sure. not sure. &gt;&gt; Hi, friends. Welcome. &gt;&gt; Hi, friends. Welcome. &gt;&gt; Hi, friends. Welcome. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; She's the upper level of the theater. &gt;&gt; She's the upper level of the theater. &gt;&gt; She's the upper level of the theater. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Welcome. You enjoy it. &gt;&gt; Do you want a stool or do you want to &gt;&gt; Do you want a stool or do you want to &gt;&gt; Do you want a stool or do you want to sit my lap again? Will you grab a stool, sit my lap again? Will you grab a stool, sit my lap again? Will you grab a stool, daddy? &gt;&gt; I don't think this popcorn's making it &gt;&gt; I don't think this popcorn's making it &gt;&gt; I don't think this popcorn's making it to the to the show. to the to the show. to the to the show. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. &gt;&gt; That's not started yet. So we have come up by currents. for a So we have come up by currents. for a So we have come up by currents. for a more relaxing pirate party firework more relaxing pirate party firework more relaxing pirate party firework experience. Less people up here, which experience. Less people up here, which experience. Less people up here, which is nice. There are people smoking cuz it is nice. There are people smoking cuz it is nice. There are people smoking cuz it is a smoking section. So, I just want to is a smoking section. So, I just want to is a smoking section. So, I just want to give that disclaimer cuz either you give that disclaimer cuz either you give that disclaimer cuz either you don't mind or you abort it, I feel like. don't mind or you abort it, I feel like. don't mind or you abort it, I feel like. So, there's like it's you fall into So, there's like it's you fall into So, there's like it's you fall into multiple groups. So, depending on how multiple groups. So, depending on how multiple groups. So, depending on how you feel about that, but just letting you feel about that, but just letting you feel about that, but just letting you know that is something. But, we're you know that is something. But, we're you know that is something. But, we're up here. It is really nice right now. up here. It is really nice right now. up here. It is really nice right now. Light breeze. It feels amazing. We can Light breeze. It feels amazing. We can Light breeze. It feels amazing. We can still hear the music, hear the party, still hear the music, hear the party, still hear the music, hear the party, but it's not lots and lots of people all but it's not lots and lots of people all but it's not lots and lots of people all around. And we have cool comfy chairs. around. And we have cool comfy chairs. around. And we have cool comfy chairs. &gt;&gt; It's glow stick time. &gt;&gt; It's glow stick time. &gt;&gt; It's glow stick time. &gt;&gt; You've been looking forward to the glow &gt;&gt; You've been looking forward to the glow &gt;&gt; You've been looking forward to the glow sticks all day, huh, ma'am? &gt;&gt; Right. So, here's a wand. &gt;&gt; Right. So, here's a wand. &gt;&gt; Right. So, here's a wand. &gt;&gt; I want &gt;&gt; I want &gt;&gt; I want &gt;&gt; Which one? Star. &gt;&gt; Which one? Star. &gt;&gt; Which one? Star. &gt;&gt; A star. Let me see. Oh, there's the &gt;&gt; A star. Let me see. Oh, there's the &gt;&gt; A star. Let me see. Oh, there's the star. First try. Let me crack it a star. First try. Let me crack it a star. First try. Let me crack it a little bit more so it'll be even little bit more so it'll be even little bit more so it'll be even brighter. All right. Just don't shake it cuz All right. Just don't shake it cuz All right. Just don't shake it cuz that's going to come flying off. Okay. that's going to come flying off. Okay. that's going to come flying off. Okay. It's not snapped on. I love you so much. See any more cruise ships? No. There's See any more cruise ships? No. There's See any more cruise ships? No. There's one over there. One behind us. one over there. One behind us. one over there. One behind us. Where's the pirate? Where's the pirate? Where's the pirate? &gt;&gt; All right, my little pirate. Let's go &gt;&gt; All right, my little pirate. Let's go &gt;&gt; All right, my little pirate. Let's go ahead and get your face washed. Oh, somebody's tuckered out. just a Oh, somebody's tuckered out. just a Oh, somebody's tuckered out. just a little bit. &gt;&gt; It is time to pick up Lucy. She said &gt;&gt; It is time to pick up Lucy. She said &gt;&gt; It is time to pick up Lucy. She said she's hungry, ready to pick picked up. she's hungry, ready to pick picked up. she's hungry, ready to pick picked up. It was perfect timing because well, the It was perfect timing because well, the It was perfect timing because well, the fireworks just ended. So, fireworks just ended. So, fireworks just ended. So, &gt;&gt; let's go get my baby. Look at you. Did you plunder? Look at you. Did you plunder? Look at you. Did you plunder? That's part of the pirate code. You That's part of the pirate code. You That's part of the pirate code. You plundered. You got some chocolate money. plundered. You got some chocolate money. plundered. You got some chocolate money. &gt;&gt; No, I got chocolate treasure. Oh, &gt;&gt; No, I got chocolate treasure. Oh, &gt;&gt; No, I got chocolate treasure. Oh, chocolate treasure. chocolate treasure. chocolate treasure. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Okay. Car. Sorry. Cuz it was &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Okay. Car. Sorry. Cuz it was &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Okay. Car. Sorry. Cuz it was plundered. plundered. plundered. &gt;&gt; Also, Ash took Bella to go get clean. &gt;&gt; Also, Ash took Bella to go get clean. &gt;&gt; Also, Ash took Bella to go get clean. So, I'm picking up Lucy. We're getting So, I'm picking up Lucy. We're getting So, I'm picking up Lucy. We're getting something to munch. Uh 11. &gt;&gt; Nope. Just 11. &gt;&gt; Nope. Just 11. &gt;&gt; Nope. Just 11. Okay. Hi. Can we get three slices of cheese? Hi. Can we get three slices of cheese? Hi. Can we get three slices of cheese? Cheese pizza. Yummy. Cheese pizza. Yummy. Cheese pizza. Yummy. &gt;&gt; All right, let's go to the room then. &gt;&gt; All right, let's go to the room then. &gt;&gt; All right, let's go to the room then. &gt;&gt; I'm excited. &gt;&gt; I'm excited. &gt;&gt; I'm excited. &gt;&gt; All right, let's go. &gt;&gt; All right, let's go. &gt;&gt; All right, let's go. We plundered We plundered We plundered &gt;&gt; we plundered the yard. &gt;&gt; we plundered the yard. &gt;&gt; we plundered the yard. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; That is going to be a wrap for day &gt;&gt; That is going to be a wrap for day &gt;&gt; That is going to be a wrap for day number two of our cruise. Our Nassau number two of our cruise. Our Nassau number two of our cruise. Our Nassau day. day. day. We are tired. It is 11:34. We are tired. It is 11:34. We are tired. It is 11:34. Girls have had baths. Just got out of Girls have had baths. Just got out of Girls have had baths. Just got out of the shower. Dan's going to grab his the shower. Dan's going to grab his the shower. Dan's going to grab his shower. We're going to get ready for shower. We're going to get ready for shower. We're going to get ready for bed. I'm bed. I'm bed. I'm &gt;&gt; tired. It's been a packed day. &gt;&gt; tired. It's been a packed day. &gt;&gt; tired. It's been a packed day. &gt;&gt; It has been a packed day. It's not felt &gt;&gt; It has been a packed day. It's not felt &gt;&gt; It has been a packed day. It's not felt I don't know. To me, it didn't feel I don't know. To me, it didn't feel I don't know. To me, it didn't feel super rushed. It felt steady. Like there super rushed. It felt steady. Like there super rushed. It felt steady. Like there was just was just was just &gt;&gt; something to do. &gt;&gt; something to do. &gt;&gt; something to do. &gt;&gt; There was something to do. Even if it &gt;&gt; There was something to do. Even if it &gt;&gt; There was something to do. Even if it was like on purpose relaxing for 30 was like on purpose relaxing for 30 was like on purpose relaxing for 30 minutes on the balcony, minutes on the balcony, minutes on the balcony, &gt;&gt; it was just like &gt;&gt; it was just like &gt;&gt; it was just like &gt;&gt; there was something. Um, but it was &gt;&gt; there was something. Um, but it was &gt;&gt; there was something. Um, but it was really nice. It was a good day. It was a really nice. It was a good day. It was a really nice. It was a good day. It was a nice mix, I feel like, of getting off nice mix, I feel like, of getting off nice mix, I feel like, of getting off the ship and exploring the ship. So, we the ship and exploring the ship. So, we the ship and exploring the ship. So, we kind of got to do a little bit of both. kind of got to do a little bit of both. kind of got to do a little bit of both. &gt;&gt; Um, so that was fun. &gt;&gt; Um, so that was fun. &gt;&gt; Um, so that was fun. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. And this morning is when &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. And this morning is when &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. And this morning is when we did the Incredible Thing. we did the Incredible Thing. we did the Incredible Thing. &gt;&gt; That was so great. &gt;&gt; That was so great. &gt;&gt; That was so great. &gt;&gt; That was That was so much fun. I loved &gt;&gt; That was That was so much fun. I loved &gt;&gt; That was That was so much fun. I loved it. I'm glad we got to do that this it. I'm glad we got to do that this it. I'm glad we got to do that this time. time. time. &gt;&gt; Was our first time actually doing the &gt;&gt; Was our first time actually doing the &gt;&gt; Was our first time actually doing the obstacle course. We've seen it a couple obstacle course. We've seen it a couple obstacle course. We've seen it a couple times, but we didn't get to do it. times, but we didn't get to do it. times, but we didn't get to do it. &gt;&gt; That was really fun. &gt;&gt; That was really fun. &gt;&gt; That was really fun. &gt;&gt; I liked it. &gt;&gt; I liked it. &gt;&gt; I liked it. &gt;&gt; I want to do that again. So, all right. &gt;&gt; I want to do that again. So, all right. &gt;&gt; I want to do that again. So, all right. Tomorrow is our castway day. So, you got Tomorrow is our castway day. So, you got Tomorrow is our castway day. So, you got to come back for our last full day on to come back for our last full day on to come back for our last full day on the ship. We're going to have so much the ship. We're going to have so much the ship. We're going to have so much fun. I'm excited. Have you been living fun. I'm excited. Have you been living fun. I'm excited. Have you been living your best life in the kids club? your best life in the kids club? your best life in the kids club? Also, Also, Also, &gt;&gt; I'm excited for the water kids club. &gt;&gt; I'm excited for the water kids club. &gt;&gt; I'm excited for the water kids club. &gt;&gt; The water kids club tomorrow. She still &gt;&gt; The water kids club tomorrow. She still &gt;&gt; The water kids club tomorrow. She still has pirate makeup on. That is not a has pirate makeup on. That is not a has pirate makeup on. That is not a black eye cuz I know somebody's going to black eye cuz I know somebody's going to black eye cuz I know somebody's going to be like, "What happened to Lucy's eye?" be like, "What happened to Lucy's eye?" be like, "What happened to Lucy's eye?" It is fine. It's just her pirate makeup. It is fine. It's just her pirate makeup. It is fine. It's just her pirate makeup. We got most of it off. We just couldn't We got most of it off. We just couldn't We got most of it off. We just couldn't get that bit. get that bit. get that bit. &gt;&gt; Privacy. &gt;&gt; Privacy. &gt;&gt; Privacy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's the privacy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's the privacy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's the privacy. &gt;&gt; 9090. &gt;&gt; 9090. &gt;&gt; 9090. Love you. Love you. Love you. &gt;&gt; 90. &gt;&gt; 90. &gt;&gt; 90. &gt;&gt; All right, guys. You know the drill. &gt;&gt; All right, guys. You know the drill. &gt;&gt; All right, guys. You know the drill. Since you're part of the end of the Since you're part of the end of the Since you're part of the end of the video club, the secret end of the video video club, the secret end of the video video club, the secret end of the video club that is, you have to leave me some club that is, you have to leave me some club that is, you have to leave me some pirate emojis for pirate night down pirate emojis for pirate night down pirate emojis for pirate night down below. If you haven't already, don't below. If you haven't already, don't below. If you haven't already, don't forget click the thumbs up button, red forget click the thumbs up button, red forget click the thumbs up button, red subscribe button if you haven't already, subscribe button if you haven't already, subscribe button if you haven't already, you're not already part of the internet you're not already part of the internet you're not already part of the internet fam. I'd absolutely love to have you. fam. I'd absolutely love to have you. fam. I'd absolutely love to have you. And with that, we'll see you right back And with that, we'll see you right back And with that, we'll see you right back here in the next one. Bye, guys. Good here in the next one. Bye, guys. Good here in the next one. Bye, guys. Good night.
