---
video_id: PApdlYhNVVo
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "2025 🎄 Packing for Disney World Christmas | Disney Christmas Outfits"
published: 2025-10-27
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PApdlYhNVVo
---
Hey pixies, today we are packing for a Disney World Christmas. I'm going through all of our outfits from mine, the girls, and hubbies and all of the things like that that we are packing. So, if you're trying to figure out how to even pack for Disney World during the Christmas season, lots of layers are going to be involved. So, sharing some of the things that I'm packing and how I am going to mix and match these throughout the trip depending on what and weather throws our way. So, if you are excited, you're getting ready for your own Disney World trip, you have a countdown going, go ahead, click that thumbs up button, and let's jump into the video. So, I have all of the outfits laid out on the bed, ready to kind of show you as we go. I'm going to be trying mine on and also showing you the outfits that I have picked out for my little family. But first, we need to talk accessories. Arguably, the most important part of your Disney World outfit is the shoes. So, these are the two that I am taking. I usually only pack two pairs of shoes for Disney World, but I always want to pack two pairs of shoes unless we're packing personal item only. Then I may go with one only, but as far as typical trips like this, we are going to be there for a full week. So, I want to make sure I can have something to switch out with. I'm going to be taking these tennis shoes. They are on Amazon. Really inexpensive, really comfy. I have broken them in at Disney World themselves. I've wore them full days here running around, chasing the kids, going to the park, doing all the things, getting stuff done, and I absolutely love them. They usually run about $50, but I've also seen them as cheap as $25, which feels like a steal for how comfy these are. But honestly, no matter the price point, I kind of want another pair. And then also have to pack a pair of sandals cuz you don't know if you're going to get 80° days or you're going to get 50some degree days. You can have both within a one week span. You can have both within a two-day span. At Disney World, it can be a little all over the board. So, that's why I like to take a couple of options. These are comfy. I can do full park days in these sandals. I also love that they are adjustable. So, you have the kind of toe strap here that is adjustable and then also the ankle strap. So, if anything feels uncomfortable, just keep adjusting. And I got these to where they feel perfect. I absolutely love these so much and can't recommend either one of these shoes enough. I'll have them linked down below along with everything else. So, if you are interested in checking those out, I'll have those. Next up though, lippies. So, the one I'm wearing right now cuz I always get questions about the lipstick. So, I'm like, I need to include that in the video. But, I have the NYX Fat Oil on right now. This is the color newsfeed. I like it. It is very hydrating, but without being super sticky like typical glosses. You're not like But it's super hydrating. So, it's hard to explain. I just really like this and I have it in so many colors. My lip drawer is literally full of almost every shade they make of this stuff cuz I love it that much. It is super hydrating, super nourishing, feels good. I like it. And then for the most epic, even Taylor Swift is jealous of this red lip. But that is the CoverGirl Outlast Ultimate Lipstick and it is where's the color? It's in color number 130 and it's called wine o'lock and it is so good. I actually found this one thanks to Jessica Braun. She shared it as like an epic lip either last Christmas or the Christmas before last I think is like an ultimate and I'm like she was so right. So I'm glad. So thank you Jess for the recommendation. That is awesome. But seriously love this. It is more of a matte lipstick. Um so I will share that. But it sticks around. Like I can wear this through a full meal. I can snack. I can do all the things and it is still on my lips. So, I literally have to at the end of the day wipe it off with like a baby wipe or makeup remover wipe or something cuz it's staying and it doesn't run like it's not running out onto other parts of my skin which is really great. So, can't recommend this one enough. It is bold. So, if you've ever seen me in a red lip, it's this one. Another way that we're going to be styling these are with jewelry. So, I have some inexpensive I never like to travel with super expensive jewelry. So, I have these little bands, bangles, bracelets. They are stretchy. They're comfy. And so, these are the ones I will interchange. Sometimes I'll wear the whole stack. Sometimes I might wear just a couple. But we have a little bit of variety going on here that I can kind of mix and match with. And I love those. And then for some ear bling, I have these studded bows. They're so cute. So, you can see for like size reference, they are a little bit bigger for me. I know this is not full goddy by any stretch of the imagination for some earrings, but for me they feel a little extra cuz I don't wear earrings all that often, but they're super cute. Love those. And then I also this were on a very big bow trend. All three of these are bow options, but I thought these were super cute. I love the pearls. Love the kind of velvety crushed velvet kind of bow on there. And it is again a stud for example. That's how it looks there. And then last but not least are these basic little hoops. They are just in a little bow size and they're a little more dainty. See if it'll focus on the earring. There we go. Little more dainty when it comes to like sizing and everything. So they are fun. And then also the necklace that I'm wearing. So this is going to be like the bling that I'm taking to interchange with these. They are going to work with literally every single outfit because we have kind of kept it within a color frame of either black, cream, white, red, or green. So, we have like a five color palette and we're just kind of mixing and matching. And that's the beautiful thing about a lot of these is if it's hot, I can kind of interchange some things to make it appropriate for a warmer day. Or if it's getting cold, I have lots of layers that I can kind of mix and match to warm up my outfit if needed. But let's get on to the workout part of this because by the end of this video I will be sweating. I don't know what it is about outfit videos that like make me work out. But it's like it's it yeah trying on clothes gets me sweating. I don't know why. We're I don't know. We're besties. I'm oversharing. Let's get started. Hello travel day. Okay, let me move this. Hold on. There we go. And also I'm filming an outfit video. I'd rather hang out with you guys than do laundry right now. Okay, don't judge me. just ignore that. But we have made it to travel day. So, here in Tennessee, it is kind of chilly already. It is 60 outside and I can't step outside without a jacket. It's just it's starting to be cool. So, we're doing this in layers. This is also a jacket. It's got some red in it. It's again got some green in it. So, I can pair it with anything. But, I also have a white t-shirt that again I can pair with a lot of different things with this outfit. I've got some green leggings, some dark green, and I am wearing my sandals. So, these are my tactical sandals. I'm just going to suck it up and my toes may be a little chilly, but we are going to attempt as long as the weather is warm enough. Fingers crossed. I'm going to attempt a water park day. So, this has me in my shoes that I will already need once we are at Disney. So, I'm not having to change out of tennis shoes into those. It's not a huge deal, but I just want to be ready to go to the water park. So, that is kind of the plan. got on the little gold hoops. This is super comfy. I love that this is cozy. Again, if it is cool enough at Disney that I feel like I need a jacket like this, I've got one with me. And then for travel days, it is perfect to have an extra layer. Let me take it off really quick and I'll show you the t-shirt. At least one side of it. It's kind of an oversized. I think this is kind of a dol I think they call this dolman. I think. But it's nice. It's flowy. croppedish without being like cropped cuz you you don't want to see all of that, but it's a little bit longer in the back. Not full booty coverage for leggings or bike shorts, but it does have a little bit of coverage going on in the back. Super comfy. I love this shirt so much. Like, I want it in every color. It's really good. But that is the outfit. Really easy. And then I'm going to be able to keep on the shirt and change the pants to this fun skirt. So, it looks like a skirt in the front, but then in the back it is shorts. So, super comfy. I can wear the shirt again. I can change the shirt if I wanted to into even I could wear a tank or anything with it if it is warm enough. But again, rocking the sandals or I can change into uh tennis shoes after our water park. We're hoping to do maybe some Disney Springs time that evening. So, we will see. But this is kind of my idea. This does come in a two-piece set. So, there's also a top that goes with this, but I didn't care super for I didn't care for it a ton when I wore the two-piece together. So, I'm kind of separating it and wearing it like this. So, this is travel day outfit and then evening of the travel day outfit. And then when it comes to the family's travel day outfits, I have husband the fun green t-shirt. It is a simple shirt. He can throw on a hoodie or jacket of his choosing. He's got a couple of shets that he could wear with this and it would look really nice and also pair well with a lot of the shirts that I have picked out for him. So, we've got that going on. And then the girls are wearing a matching ensemble. So, they're not twins, but they like to dress like they're twins. So, grabbed this t-shirt. Still has the tags on. It was like I think around $6. I'll have everything that I can linked down below or you can scan the QR code right here and shop along with any of the outfits that I have. So, this one is North Pole. I feel like either a little girl or a little boy could wear this one. It says North Pole Sleigh Rides, and it's super cute. It is long sleeve, so it is going to have a little bit more of warmth to it. It's not super thick to be super warm, but especially on the airplane, it seems to get a little chilly. And then I do have them these ribbed red pants. They are flares. And again, this is something it is a lightly fleece lined on the inside, so super soft. But again, this is something I can have them pair with something if they need to. Um, some of their dresses or anything that might need a little bit of warming up. Like I could pull this dress and put these on under it and they'd be great. They could do their Minnie Mouse Christmas dresses, have that underneath. And so that is my goal with these is anything that can mix and match with each other. That's the game plan that we're going with so that everybody is comfortable cuz I don't want to get there. And you have prepared for warm weather cuz Florida's always hot and then you're cold or you prepare for cool weather cuz you're thinking Christmas is cold. Not in Florida. So it just really depends. So this is kind of my plan of action. said, "Let's keep going with the outfits." Oo, totally forgot to do the other half of that outfit. So, for Dean and the girls for the night that we're going to Disney Springs, they are going to be wearing these little dresses. They're bows with little stars on them. To me, this is really giving almost a Star Wars vibe. So, you could totally wear this if you were going to G Galaxy's Edge and kind of theming your outfits to that. I think these are super cute. So, those are fun and I think they're going to enjoy those. And then for that evening, Dean is going to wear a red polo. Really easy. Obviously, it's a good basic. It goes with a lot of different things. And it nothing is We've got some Disney things sprinkled in. We've got Disney theming, but nothing is screaming, I couldn't put this on and wear it anywhere I wanted to. If you were like, I want Disney 24/7 all the time, that is great. But also, I feel like these are good staple pieces that going to a regular holiday party where you don't want to be like a Disney person, you can do that. So, this is going to be my outfit. So, let's head into the bathroom. Also, before we go very much further into the video, I did want to say hi. My name is Ashley. If you are new, if you're not, welcome back, fam. I am so glad you're here and you clicked on another video and you're hanging out with me. If you are new, I'm so happy you clicked on the video, too. Thank you for being here. I'm so excited here on my channel, Pixie Dusted Mom. I'm Ashley. Also, I've never done this, obviously. My name is Ashley, and my channel here is Pixie Dusted Mom, and I share all kinds of tips, tricks, and hacks for prepping, packing, and enjoying Disney World as a family. So, we have two little girls. I am a mom of a four-year-old and a six-year-old, and me and my husband absolutely love traveling to Disney World with them. We have been taking them um ever since my oldest was one year old and my youngest was 6 weeks old. So, we have traveled with a lot of ages and we go pretty frequently considering we are not locals to Disney. We do live in Tennessee. So, we absolutely love it and I would absolutely love you to be a part of the internet fam. So, if you can click that red subscribe button below or if you are watching on a TV, which actually a lot of you are nowadays, which is really cool. I feel like I've like arrived. I'm on the big screen. But you can pull out your phone, scan this handy dandy QR code that's popped up here on the screen with your phone and the camera and it will pull you over to my page. So you can click that red subscribe button right there. But we would absolutely love to have you in our internet fam. So thank you again for being here. Thank you for watching and now let's continue on with the video. So this is kind of what I'm thinking for our Magic Kingdom day. So I have my denim bow skirt. I do have to give a disclaimer. If you are purchasing this skirt, please size up two. Not not one, but two full sizes, you guys. Yeah. And I'm not going to get get all in it. I don't like sizing, but I had to size up. So, let's just say that this is an XL. I usually wear a small medium. Ordered the medium. It wouldn't even zip and it had like inches. And I'm like, listen, I've put on some pounds. I will be the first to admit that stress and hormones and all these things, like 30 looks a little different than 20 did, but here we are. That's a whole other topic for another another day. But it is one of those I did have to size up. So, don't feel bad when you have to size up. Also, just know you're going to have to size up. So, I've got this. I have the bow. I need to find my nude colored um bike shorts to go underneath this cuz this is just a skirt. So, for me personally, I like to wear some little nude colored bike shorts under my skirts, especially when we're going to Disney and I'm chasing the kids around and like bending over and that sort of thing. So, it kind of makes it into almost an athletic dress without having to be an athletic dress. I do love this button short sleeve top. So, it does give a little bit of like a cozy vibe to it with being kind of Christmy, but it's also something that it's going to be fine in warm weather. So, I love that it's a little bit longer in the back. I did the millennial faux tuck in the front so we could highlight the bow on the skirt. So, I know I know I'm showing my millennial, but then I also, if I didn't want to do red, I have this knit green option. So, you guys will have to let me know which one, sorry, you think is better. So, we've got the knit green. No buttons, cropped about the same length, maybe a little bit less. And it's all one length where this one is longer in the back. This one is not. So, I don't know. You have to let me know on outfit number three. Red or green. I don't know. We'll see. See what we go with for the family. For this Magic Kingdom outfit, the girls are going to be rocking their little dresses that have Christmas lights on them. They've got Mickey, Donald, Minnie, Goofy, Daisy. I think's on here and or maybe not Daisy. Yeah, not Daisy. Pluto's on here. It's got a bunch of the fab Disney characters on there. So, that is what they will be rocking. I'm going to pair that with some little bike shorts underneath so they are comfy. And then also, again, like I mentioned earlier, if they need some warmth, I can also bring in those pants that they had on. And then hubby got a new shirt for this outfit, but it is a checkered look. It is red. feel like this can go either like gingerbread, you're cooking in the kitchen, Christmas, or it could totally go picnic blanket for Fourth of July. So, it's kind of serves multiple purposes. Really soft, really comfy, and he's going to look so handsome in it. Now, we've changed for our evening at Animal Kingdom. I love this set cuz it looks like a dress, but it's on the side, and it's knit. It's this really fun like knit material. Super stretchy, super breathable. But again, I like that it kind of looks like a little dress, but it's not. Also, my millennial is crying in these socks. I cannot decide, you guys, if I am a crew sock kind of person. I don't know. You guys will have to let me know in the comments like yes, no. I feel like I'm too short for crew socks and it makes me look like I have stubby legs. You're not going to offend me if you agree with me and say that yes, girl, it does make your legs look super stubby. I don't know how people pull this look off. Maybe they're taller. Maybe I'm just gonna look stubby. I don't know. My But my millennial is seriously crying not having on ankle socks. I'm also like cringing at the thought of the tan lines I'm going to get from this thing. But this is the outfit. So, let me show you what the fan bam's wearing, too. For the girls and hubby, I've got him. He has this kind of creamy tan color polo with the white trim kind of piping around the collar that he is going to wear. So, I've got that one. And then the girls saw these dresses the other day at Walmart. They were on clearance, so I don't know how long they're going to last and got them for either five or $6 in our store, but they're so cute. They are white, so I'm like boy, I can just see Mickey bar up and down this thing. But it it's okay. We got it on clearance. It's not a big deal. This is also why I I I love these like $100 dresses, $150 dresses. I'm like, they are freaking gorgeous. The designers are fantastic. They are works of art, but all I see is it going to play condition the very first time that thing hits a park. And I'm like, I can't spend that much. and they like instantly go to play condition. So that's just me. That's is I guess it's my cheap sideeshow. And I love I love a good dress. It's like the more that has happened with even $50 dresses, I'm like I don't really want to spend that much. So that's just kind of where I'm at. But these are super cute. They do have the tulle skirts. So super flowy. Just pairing again pair of bike shorts with this and it's going to be super cute. But I love it. It kind of works with the whole neutral Christmas that we're going for here with this look. So, that is that. Let's move on to the next day. Next up, we are on to our resort day. So, I did throw in a layer of a kind of knit sweatshirt. It is a little bit cropped. And then these shorts. They do have pockets on the outside. I do feel like these run a little bit small to be honest. I feel like I might should have instead of gotten a getting a medium, probably should have got a large so that they would hang a little looser to be perfectly honest. So yeah, that would be my only change is I think I would size up. But I love these cuz they do look like a skirt even though they are shorts which is kind of cool. I like that I did ditch the tall socks this time though. I don't know. I can't decide. I think they look so cute on so many people but I just I don't know about them on me. And then it changed into the bow earrings there. You can see. So, this is my outfit. I can also change this out with a t-shirt. This is probably what I'll wear on our resort day for doing more like evening stuff, going to Disney Springs, whatever we decide to get into that evening. And then if we do the pool that morning, that kind of thing, obviously, we'll just be throwing on a cover up and a swimsuit. But let me show you what I have paired for this outfit for the rest of the family for the fam bam on our first resort day. I have a black polo for the hubby. It's kind of a ribbed style. So, this is actually just a lot of these pieces are pieces I've pulled from our closets kind of pairing them with a few new things. But do have these for the girls. I showed these little skirts. These are new finds this year, but they are little metallic skirts. I will have to fit some bike shorts under these because they are short. They are skirts, not squirts. I was fully expecting a skirt. And then I checked and I'm like, it's just a skirt. But for my little girls and running and playing on a resort day specifically, we'll probably be at the playground or running around having fun. They they need some shorts on under this thing. But got Bella to pair with that. She was so excited about this. If you have a little animal lover, this one may be your kids favorite, too. But she loves Marie. She loves Figaro. She loves Lady Pluto. So, it's got all the kind of kitties and puppies on here and it's so cute. So, she's so excited about that. And it is Christmas themed cuz they've got like little Santa hats and reindeer ears and presents and things with it. So, that's adorable. And then got the same skirt for my older daughter. And then she is pairing this little bow shirt with it. And it's got the kind of glittery gold bow. So, I figured that would pair nicely with that. And now we are on to our Jollywood night outfit. I'm so excited. I've not tried on this dress. So, we're getting first experience together. I'm a little nervous to be honest. Okay, so this is comfy. Like I fully expected it. It is loose, so there's no stretch, nothing. And I know I do like I did like this. I have a food belly, you guys. Okay, it is not anything else. So, don't be Oh my gosh, Ashley's expecting. I'm not, trust me. But this is a long dress. For some people, it's a midi. I'm 5'3, so it is not a midi on me. It's an ankly. Um, so we're going with the hat. I do have my tennis shoes on. I don't know if I'll wear the tennis shoes or the sandals. I guess it depends on the temperature, but I do love that it has pockets, so that's awesome. I loved the neckline. It felt kind of retro to me and especially for Jollywood nights. It also had that glam without being super like fancy, overly stiff kind of thing. Um cuz I'm like the flapper dresses and all that look so pretty, but I just I don't know that I'm going to wear a flapper dress again. You know what I mean? Like this I could wear and also it's so comfortable. I could throw this on with a little sweater or a cardigan and wear it around the house if I wanted to. Like I could seriously see like cleaning and doing housework or anything in this dress. It is so stinking comfortable. Like it feels like I'm wearing pajamas, but it doesn't look like pajamas. So, I'm really excited about this one. Also, if I am wearing this and it is going to be cooler for our Jollywood party, I can throw on that cropped sweater that I just had on and it would look so cute with this. And the skirt would totally work out for adding some warmth to this. But if it is warm, I'm still going to be super comfortable in this. So, okay. I love this. 10 out of 10. Definitely recommend. Love this dress so much. Like, and also, I feel like this would be great even next summer. I'm like, Fourth of July party, here I come. I feel like I need to host a cookout for the fan bam for Jollywood night. Got Pubby a black polka dot shirt. So, he's going to look handsome. So, I'm very excited about that. It is super cute, super soft. Got this one for our youngest. And I'm probably going to have her do her Christmas photos in this dress. And heck, I might actually even wear this for her Christmas photos. We'll see what I do. But I think this one is so pretty. Kind of kills two birds with one stone, so to speak, as the saying goes. So, I can use this for our jollywood and then again for again Christmas photos. But, I just think this is such a beautiful dress. So inexpensive but yet so gorgeous. So love that. And then have this dress for Lucy. It's kind of a little strap on one side, ruffles on the other side. It has the stars on it. So it's glam without being overly uncomfortable. But those are so cute. I'm so excited about our outfits. I know that this is the least important part about it, but I enjoy a good outfit and I don't really plan outfits a lot for home and so like Disney is the one time I do that and I really love it. I should honestly do it more at home. I don't know why I don't but for me, I don't know, Disney just I feel like it just brings it out. Our next resort day, I was thinking this athletic dress. It's kind of a berry red. You do have the tulleish skirt over the built-in shorts. Now, these are built in. There's no easy access kind of pull down from the back to go potty and they are not separate. They are built in. So, there's that issue. You do have to do the little one piece swimsuit. You I don't know. You know, I just I always questioned that when I first started seeing athletic dresses. I'm like, but how the heck are we peeing in these? So, I'm just saying that's the way it is. It does not have a built-in bra, which from the front it pretty well disguises the bra, but then the straps, sorry, I got to move the camera so you can see, but the straps kind of go in a different direction. And it is a crisscross back. So, I'll probably end up doing some sort of sticky bra situation with this. That would be the only thing that would make this dress even better is if it had built-in pads. That would be nice. super supportive, super like it's very adjustable straps so you can make it fit however you need to wearing it with the tennis shoes here. But I love this one. Super comfortable and it does have that kind of flowy skirt. So I really like this style. I've got a couple of the skirt options or like squirt options that are like this. And so this is my first athletic dress style and I really like it and I think it's so cute. So, Amazon for the win on the cute stuff for the family's outfit for this particular day. I've got Hubs in this collared shirt, short sleeve. So, that is the style kind of he is going with. It is a button-up shirt as you can see, but those are super comfortable and look really nice for him. And then the girls, I showed these in my prepping video before this, but they do have these pretty kind of winter floral dresses. They are long sweet long sleeve, but they are really comfy play dresses, which is great. Again, this is for a resort day. So, we'll be at the playground. We're going to Disney Springs or maybe playing mini golf or doing something fun. So, that is kind of the idea with that. It does have little pockets for them, which is cute. But, love those. I'm just going to pair it with some bike shorts and they will be super cute and comfy in these. Honestly, I love that print so much. Like I wish they would make something like that in an adult size cuz I would totally twin with them with that cuz I think it's really cute. Now we are on to the very merry outfit. So going with a comfy athletic dress cuz this is going to be a long and late night for us. So it has kind of spaghetti or not spaghetti straps but does have kind of tank style straps. They are not adjustable, but it does kind of have a scoop back there. Not super low, but it does have a little bit. And then it is a subtle V. It's not a harsh V, but I feel like it's more of a subtle V neck. It is padded, which is great. So, you don't have to worry about wearing a bra when you're throwing this on. You can quickly do so. I love the coverage. It comes down to just above my knees at 53. So, it' be a little bit shorter obviously if you are taller and you have a longer like torso section, that sort of thing. So, obviously it's going to be different. But on this one, I'm not about to flash you, I promise. But I will I do have to share it does have shorts underneath. They are not separate in the front, but they are separate in the back, which is really cool. So, you can go potty, which is nice. um the things I share on the internet. But it also has pockets underneath, which is always kind of weird to me cuz I feel like when I like hike my skirt up to put something in here, I just always feel so self-conscious about it. I'm like feel like I'm getting looks from people. But you do have a pocket if you needed to put yourself on in it. I wish it had an exterior pocket, but it does kind of keep the dress a little more streamlined not having that, but it does have that. Let me see. I think it has it. Yeah, it's on both sides, which is really nice. This is super comfortable, super stretchy. I will say I do feel like these run slightly large. So this is a medium and for me I have a little bit of kind of extra over here. It fits good in other places but in this area it is a little small. I am part of the itty bitty titty club. So you know I'm not filling it out super great either. So that might be part of the reason why I have this little bit of gapping over here. I'm just telling you before you buy the dress this is kind of what you're working with. I love the dress. I would buy it again. But just a heads up about that part. Per usual for the family's outfit. Both of the girls are going to be wearing this little bow headband. They absolutely loved these. This would also, again, I said this in the prepping video, I think, but these would be so cute if you're doing a Snow White outfit. So, just a heads up and an idea. And then we have the little Christmas tree style dresses. They come in red and then they also come in this super super cute green color which is adorable. I love it so much. And then for the hubby, he does have this plaid shirt. Had to bring in some plaid for Dean. So if you know, you know. He loves his plaid. So we got that. It is long sleeves, so he can roll up the sleeves. And if it is cooler that or if it is warmer, then he can pair it with shorts, which is probably what he'll pair it with anyway. Usually his go-to is black shorts. It's like staple, but we've got that. It is nice. And then also, again, this is something he can wear on the daily at home. So, super cute. And I like this. It is really soft flannel, too, cuz sometimes flannel can be really itchy, and this one is not. So, love that. We are on to the second to last outfit. This is the next um resort day. I think we're doing maybe two resort days. We are annual passholders, so we'll see if we pop into the parks, but our kind of idea is a rough draft resort day. that have this t-shirt that this is the red version of the white one I showed in the beginning of the video. It's this really pretty berry red and I love it. Do have it paired with the little skirt like I was talking about earlier. It's kind of like that um red dress that I had earlier. It does have pockets in the side. I don't think it has it. Nope, they do have it on both sides which is nice. I also love that it has a little bit of tummy control with the wide waistband going on here. It is really nice for that. Kind of sucks you in a little bit. If you have had children, then you kind of understand the midsection struggle. But that's where we're at. This one is super cute, super comfortable. And again, it's very Christmassy. And then I can add, if I wanted to add ears or anything extra super Disney jewelry, whatever to this, can totally kind of disify it up a little bit. But this is going to be great. And also, if it is on the cooler side of things, I can throw that jacket on with this or one of my sweaters. I can switch out the skirt if I wanted to do the shirt and do some of the leggings like I wore on our travel day. I can also insert some of those into this situation and warm up the outfit just a little bit. And for this resort day for the family, we're back to this one again. I do have this shirt. We actually grabbed this on clearance, which is great. So, if you're going and you need clearance shorts, shirts that are short sleeve, anything like that for your Disney trip, definitely check stores right now cuz it's going to be like dirt cheap. I was getting some of the girls like bike shorts and things at Target the other day for $1.50 a piece. I got Dean some green shorts to wear with one of his outfits for $6, you guys. Like, it is seriously the time to buy. If you are needing stuff for next year, shop ahead. go ahead and grab some of that stuff this year instead of waiting until next summer and paying full price. Especially Staples t-shirts, shorts, those kinds of things, I think that's great. So, if you can do it and you can find it, snag some. So, this is his. It's kind of a white shirt. It does have a um I think that's black. I believe that is black. I don't think it's navy. Yeah, that's black. It has that black kind of stripe to it. It has it on the sleeves of the shirt as well. Super soft. This is some sort of like resort collection, so it's really breathable. So, if it is warm, he's going to be so comfortable in this shirt. And then grab these dresses for the girls. They are kind of a sweatery material, so they will be a little warmer. But it is a dress. So, and it's also, honest to goodness, it's not super thick. Like, you can see my face through it. You can see light through it. So, it's not uber thick that they're just going to be boiling if it is warm. And also they can wear some little bike shorts under it. Be super comfortable. Roll the sleeves up if we needed to. But those are so darling. Again, this is another thing I feel like you could also wear this um right now even for Halloween if you needed like a little Halloween outfit. I feel like it works for that. Or you could do it and for me this is giving almost Hollywood Studios. So you could wear it to Hollywood Studios too. I think that's super cute. So all right, we are on to the last and final outfit and that is the Epcot outfit. So, going to go through that really quickly and then that's going to round off the video. Oh, and bags. We've not talked about bags yet. How did I forget those? Before I show you this outfit, I did want to talk bags. So, when my husband and I went on our solo parent trip to Disney, I used this as my little purse. He had a um backpack that he carried with the rest of our stuff in it, but this was like quick, easy stuff like lip gloss, your phone, your hand sanitizer, wipes, all that good stuff. with the kids, I would have to be very particular about what I kept with me, but I feel like I could make this work. It gives kind of a higherend look for less. And also, you can take the long strap piece off if you are more of a shoulder bag kind of gal. I'm a millennial, so it's got to be a cross body. Okay, I ain't got time to be like shoulder bagging this stuff. Like, but I'm old now, so what do I know? The other option, and I may I usually I don't take two bags. I probably won't, but this is been my go-to ever since I got it. It is the perfect bag. Holds a ton of stuff. You got Pringles and such a This is the epitome of a mom bag right now. I have Pringles in here. I have Goldfish. I have LCD tablets. And I have glow sticks. Tell me you're a mom without telling me you're a mom. So, this is this is the the thing. But I do h I love that it has the wipes pouch and so I can just open this flap, grab it. If I'm wearing it and I'm doing something and hubby needs to grab a wipe, he can easily like open the flap, grab a wipe as well. Only thing is I need to wash this strap. It has seen a lot of sweat, Disney sun, and fake tanner. So, we've got to wash that one. Okay, now let's show you the outfit. Those two bags though, love them both. That's It's like the ultimate mom bag. If you need a good bag, that mom bag fan freakingastic. Also comes in black. I just need it to come in cream. That would be so pretty. For the Epcot outfit, I'm going ahead and kind of layering this a little thicker. So, I would be able to button this shirt up. I love that it's kind of a pepleum top. It's almost a corduroy without being a thick corduroy. It is kind of ribbed style. I can unbutton it, roll up the sleeves, or button it. And this would be a nice outside layer. Or I can take this off if it is warm and just rock the shirt here. Slip one side off so you can see it that way. But it is just a tank top. Does have the ruffle hem. This is super comfortable. Wore this to Disney in September. And I absolutely love it. So comfy. Does have pockets. Fits great with the sandals. So I really really like this one. Again, it it wears great. You could I feel like even if you had like a job where you had to kind of dress up, you could totally rock this there as well. So, I think this one's cute. But let me show you the girls and Dean's outfit for this outfit and for our Epcot day. And that's going to be all of it. And now I get to go pack it. Yes. Because when things are officially going in the packing cubes and going in the suitcase, that means the trip is coming up super soon. I'm so so excited. But to show you guys, this is what the girls will be wearing. It's this literally the same dress as the mini dress that I just showed you, but this one has Marie on it. So, if you have any Marie fans, this one's for them. Super cute. Does have the tulle skirt, a little bit of gold glitter on it as well. Super super cute. Long sleeves, but again, it is not uber thick. We can see you can see right through it. You can see that that like you can see where my tank top and stuff is from the back side of it. It's a little thicker on the front for coverage, but as far as the back, it is breathable, which is really cute. Love that for them. And then have this shirt, more plaid for Dean. It's a short sleeve style this time, so if he needs to add a shet or something with it, he can to warm up his outfit. But if it is hot, then he'll be just fine with this plaid button-up shirt here. And again, it's stuff that he can wear all the time, which is great. So, that is going to do it though for the outfits, what we're packing for Christmas. I hope you guys enjoyed the video. If you did, don't forget, click that thumbs up button, the red subscribe button if you are not already part of the internet fam, and those of you that are still here, you are now part of my honorary end of the video club. So grateful for you guys. So, you will have to drop me some snow emojis in the comment section. That way, I know you're part of the secret end of the video club cuz I'm so excited for the snow at Disney. I think it's so magical. It's going to be so fun. And you guys will also have to let me know with your emojis for your little snow. When is your trip countdown? Are you going to be going for the holidays? Are you going to see it at Christmas? Is it on your bucket list to see it at Christmas? But thank you again for watching and I will see you guys right back here in the next video. Bye, guys.
