---
video_id: l0-uVygpinc
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "2025 Jollywood Nights at Hollywood Studios | Worth The Cost With Kids?! "
published: 2025-11-10
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0-uVygpinc
---
Hello you guys and welcome to Jollywood Nights here at Hollywood Studios. While this event is marketed for more of the adult crowd, it is still a family-friendly event since Disney does sell tickets for children as well. But we're going to see what Jollywood Nights 2025 has in store and if it's something that has enough to do for the entire family or if we're going to be hitting the exit a little earlier than expected. But first, let's get a little bit of Jollywood housekeeping out of the way. That way you know exactly what we're talking about. So, Jollywood Nights is a separately ticketed event happening here at Disney's Hollywood Studios, and it is going to run starting on November 8th through December 22nd. And as I'm filming this, none of the other party dates have sold out, which is really not great for Disney's bottom line, but for you as a party guest, it's actually really great. We were at one of the nonsoldout nights last year, and it was fantastic. Tonight, we are here for opening night, and of course, opening night's always sold out. With your Jollywood ticket, you can enter Hollywood Studios as early as 5:30 p.m. and party until 12:30 a.m. the next morning, giving you 7 hours of Holly Jolly Studios fun. Now, if you're a day ticket holder or an annual passholder like a lot of those vlogging the party, you can actually check in inside the parks. But we're doing this as if we aren't annual passholders and only utilizing our Jollywood tickets, which means we're about to go get in this line that is here to open up at 5:30. I'm going to pick the smallest one. Beginning at 5:30 p.m., you can check in at the front gates after going through security. All you have to do is watch for the signs and the cast members, and they'll show you exactly the way to go. [Music] All right. Once you scan your ticket, you'll go through and they are then after that handing out our van. Ready for your band? There we go. Hello. Hi. Thank you so much. Thank you. Have fun. Thank you so much. What? Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. Thank you. You're welcome. Have a good time. Thank you so much. As you enter into the park, they are going to direct you to the right side. So, we're going in and they've got all the fun Jollywood stuff set up. They've got balloons and photo spots. Usually, these are really busy. So, we'll see what opening night looks like tonight and then we'll go from there. If it's really busy, we'll come back because it's going to be here our all party long. You got the photo spot with the Jollywood sign, but the line is a bit long. So, instead of doing that, we're going to go caffeinate and get ready to party cuz we got 7 hours of fun coming at us. So, it is 5:39 and we are now in the park. They started letting everyone in at about 5:28, so just like a couple minutes before 5:30, and then we were able to move through in about 10 minutes. And now we're on Sunset Boulevard. So, I feel like that's pretty quick. But it's just something to note that if you are wanting to be here right when the park opens, there's going to be a little bit of a line that you're going to be met with outside of the gates. So, a quick glance at wait times at 5:42. So, Star Tours is its classic 5 minutes. Millennium Falcon, we've got 15. Aliens is 25. Mania is 30. Tower of Terror is 30. Mickey and Mini Runaway Railway is also 40. 40 for Rock and Roller Coaster, 40 for Slinky, and 40 for Rise, which is not bad. But I'm hoping these weight times get a little bit better. But tonight's quest is to help you decide whether it's worth the $149 to $189 price tag that comes with a ticket to this event. And I'm going to be honest, I've got some spicy thoughts. When it comes to that 5:30 to 7:30 time frame, you've got about 2 hours to kill before official party things start. So, this is one of those you might want to grab some dinner here in the park, but save room for snacks later on. Or you may want to go ahead and start enjoying some of the attractions that do have lower weight times. There are a few that have some lower ones. And so, depending on what night you come, check the app. And that would be what I would tackle first. Like I mentioned earlier, if you do have day tickets or an annual pass and you're in the park, you can go to the event check-in stations within the park and get your wristbands there. But if you are buying just a party ticket and you're not already using a daytime ticket, you can't enter until 5:30 p.m. like we did. I'm the leader. You're the leader. Okay. Aliens is a posted 15-minute wait, but so far I'm not seeing anyone, so I kind of feel like that's exaggerated. So, let's go take a spin. [Music] All right, our first sign of people. Definitely don't think this is 15 minutes. 2 minutes. Wow, I like that. 15 minutes. That's my faster. Heat. Heat. your attention, please. It seems like there's something following us. What are we going to do? It's an alien. Oh, no. Full speed ahead. Let's go. Woo! Woo! One thing to keep in mind with your Jollywood strategy is the 6:30 sweet spot. So for to us tonight it is 6:30 when they are having fantasmic. So definitely check and see if you're wanting to see the show. It's a great opportunity. If you bought tickets, you want to come, you could absolutely go see that as a Jollywood ticket holder. But you can also go and check out some of the attractions that are lower weight times because day guests are being pulled to that end of the night spectacular. And right now that 6:30 sweet spot's looking pretty good. We've got a 5minute for Star Tours, which it will be that all night honestly. Star Wars Rise of the Resistance is a 10minute wait you guys. Like that's basically a walk-on cuz that queue is so long. Alien Swirling Saucer says it's 15 minutes. We were on in 2 minutes as you guys just saw. Millennium Falcon Smugglers Run has popped up from 15 to 20. So that one may be a little more accurate. Mania's 35. Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway says it's 40. Slinky Dog's 40. Tower of Terror says it's 40. And Rock and Roller Coaster is 45. So not great weight times, but not bad. And honestly, I'm wondering how many of those are inflated. Since we've got a long night ahead of us, though, we're going to do a tactical jaw freeze. We may need to do a second tactical jaw freeze, but we're going to start with one for now. Let's check them out. Let's do this. I'll call him Booger. Booger. You don't want to go see Ogre Booger? Oh, no. I don't want to go see Orele. [Music] Oh, what fun it is to ride in a one-horse open sleigh. Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way. Oh, what fun it is to ride in a one-horse open sle. Y'all need to stop. That is too cute. We can match. I have a freaking old match. Yeah, I'm an enabler. That's so cute. Look at that pillow. You're tired already. She just wants to wear her new PJs is what she says. Tactical PJs. Yeah. What is that one? This is a small. Yeah, it's definitely an oversized fit. I was going to say that's still oversized. Yeah, I know. I'd probably just go with the small. Yeah, I'll go with that one. That's so cute. So cute. It's bursting in here. I've not seen this collection in any of the stores yet. That's really cute. I'm just wondering with it being chilly the night of our Christmas party at the dress I have is basically this color and I'm wondering if wearing it not if I need something to be worn [Music] jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the way to ride in a one-horse open sleigh. Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way. Oh, what fun it is to ride in a one-horse open sleigh. Oh, if you guys have a kid that likes Gertie like we do, the Gertie cookie is over on the left side in front of the theater, but then he goes away and he hides. Where'd he go? If you watch on the right side, he's probably walking. He'll also hop out over here. Him and Olly are kind of jumping around on the screen. So, I guess it's Ollie's turn now. But he does. He pops up right about that yellow present there. Gertie will kind of bust out and say hi. There's Gertie. It took him a second, but he popped back out. It is 7:09 and the park officially closed at 700 p.m. So, they have taken all the wait times out. They'll be popping back in probably at 7:30 when the party officially starts. So, that's what I'm curious to see about these weight times cuz that's where things get spicy. [Music] Wo, so many plants. Oh, this is mine. Oh, that's for you and to share. All of this looks so good. And these are all our tacos. Oh, we love tacos. I know. Hey, put it on the table, baby girl. One's not going to be enough. No, never. Don't put it down. That was the the major disappointment last year is we didn't get two. Yeah, baby. Cheers. Looks yummy. What is it? Look like I remember it. Mhm. I missed you. I love a good taco. [Music] I'm going in for the empanada. [Music] That's yummy. Is there corn on the inside of it, too? There's chicken. M spices. [Music] I don't think it shows up well there, but no corn. Okay. Tastes good though. It just comes with the corn. Okay. I was a little confused by the the final lemon. Now it has corn on the inside. [Music] That's good. You're going to like that. That is good. One thing that is tough is that they a lot of these places aren't serving chicken tindies and mac and cheese. So, be sure to feed your kids a solid dinner cuz like they're okay with the tacos and they're eating. We had them split one for now to see if they liked that enough to want to get more. But chicken tendies and grilled cheeses and all those things really are plentiful during the party cuz it is more adult focused. And the menu is also more adult focused. So, we love it. Oh, it's so good. But it ain't chicken titties. [Music] Good spices, right? That is good. Two more. That's really good. One. Two. I don't know what I was expecting, but it wasn't that. It's good. That's so good. One. I wish they made this good of food during the regular park day. I would come eat here, but every time we've eaten here, it's been terrible. So, we don't come back. I mean, it's pretty. It's a giant picture cookie. Here you get your taco cookie. Get your taco cookie. Taco. There you go. There's There's your taco cookie. Put all the trimmings on it. I ate the bell. What cinnamon? I don't even know what's on this thing. Chocolate. Cinnamon. I ate the bell and I didn't like it. You didn't like it? Yeah. That's okay. It definitely tastes like Christmas. It's good. I don't like it. That's okay. More. Yeah. Here you go. All right, I'm going to try this. This looks delicious. Can I try the marshmallow? Try one marshmallow. You can have a marshmallow. I need two. You can have a marshmallow. Marshmallow. You can have a marshmallow. A narrow tiny icing, too. I like that one. It's got cinnamon on it. Yeah. Can I try the icing? The top of it. Sure, baby. Okay. I need a bite for me. All right. Give me more. Give me more. You love this part. I kind of as good as it looked. That dessert tasted as good as it looked. I can assure you that. So, I know you got a closeup. You definitely got a closeup. And after you got your closeup, I did end up eating the whole thing. It was good. 10 out of 10. Would would recommend. Don't stick your camera in it though. Not wouldn't recommend that. No, definitely not. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Jolly [Applause] blue steps in and see you [Laughter] [Applause] [Applause] That was pretty cool, huh? Yeah. Yeah. I love it. Do you love the show? Yeah. That was so cool. That was so cool. Oh, found Gertie. I grow myself a beard in time for Christmas. I keep it throughout the year. My baby's just crazy. Show them the ping bong. Is that what you want? The bing bong. Woo! Don't lean on it. It's got wheels. There we go. That looks good. All right, so Lucy wants the bing bong. The micaroon looks really good. And I want the Buffalo chicken spring rolls. So, Buffalo chicken spring rolls from the market. The new baby spring rolls. Cute little baby spring rolls. Do you want to grab one? [Music] Ready? Really good. [Music] That's really good. They are all over. All right. Can you step out of the top? All right. Drink. Drink. Drink. Can I give a try now? The girls got the bing bong slush from the market. The spring rolls are so good. That's good. Oh, that's good. The spring rolls from the market were good. They were actually hot. I think they had those the very first year that we were here. They were okay, but they weren't great. But tonight, they were hot. They were yummy. Had just the right amount of spice with the buffalo. It was so good. The girls are loving their bingong slushie. It is a strawberry frozen slushie topped with cotton candy. Rex. So, we are now joining the line for Cardiosaurus Rex. Kind of see. Doesn't look terrible. It's not like zigzagging, so I'm not terrified of it, but it's probably going to take a minute cuz he is new this year. So, we'll see. Line checkin for 8:37. So, we've got Swirling Saucers at 5 minutes. Star Tours again 5 minutes. Got Mickey and Minnie Runway Railway is 10. Smugglers Run is 10. Aerosmith, Rocket Roller Buster 10. Mania is 10. Tower Terror is 15. Meeting Mickey and Minnie is 25 minutes, which is honestly not bad at all. Rise is 25 minutes, which is almost a walk on you guys. But again, that queue is really long. Slinky is 30, which is insane. The worst line is to meet Stitch at Celebrity Spotlight, and that is hanging out at 55 minutes, and it has been for a while. We really want to do that one, but I'm honestly a little nervous. The tactical bing bong smoothies have been working. Great way keeping them entertained while we wait on the Rex. [Music] I'm going next. Let's go. T-Rex. She's all struck. Wow. Party Rex is a party Rex. Party Rex. [Applause] Don't scare Rex. A big one. Thank you. by [Applause] great party. Little update for the Party Source Rex meet and greet. So, he is right here just before you enter Toy Story Land. And we got in line right past those two trash cans there, just a couple families down. and we were through the line in 20 minutes. So much faster than expected. They said it was going to be anywhere from 45 minutes to an hour. That was not the case. Also, heads up, he does not signatures. They just do photos. So, that's it. Photo pass is there though, so you can get photos. If you do have photo pass, they'll take photos with your phone, your camera, whatever. But he doesn't sign any autographs. So, just giving that heads up. We were hoping he would sign our board, but he is not signing autographs. At least not yet. Not this year. So, we'll see. Maybe that's something they add in the future. Maybe he can stamp like Buzz does. But for now, it was so cool getting to meet Party Star Shrek. We love that short. So, it was really fun getting to meet him. We enjoy the after hours event here during the normal part of the year, but I think the Dollywood nights are honestly better. While you don't get the free ice cream and popcorn like you do with the after hours event, you do get shorter wait times. And that's the thing that we're taking advantage of tonight is while some of the character meet and greet lines can be a little bit longer like Stitch. I heard someone say that just a few minutes before when they got out of when they joined the party or Rex line that they had met Santa Duffy right before that and that wait was an hour long. So some of them really popular ones are a longer line, but some of the wait times for attractions. Like we're walking up Slinky Dog, it's 20 minutes. And so we are taking advantage of the fact that a lot of the people are here doing more of the adult entertainment kind of things. And especially with kiddos, this is fantastic. If you have kids that can handle late nights or you can rest and they can keep going, then this is a great way to take advantage of that because it's honestly I think it's even better than the after hours party. [Music] Charlie. Yeah, baby. I might be a classic, but I still got a spring in my step. We're just fastest girlfriend. You ready? Woohoo. [Music] Yeah, [Applause] yeah. [Applause] [Music] Go go go go go. Can we stay in here and do it again? I wish, baby. Not too shabby to be on and off of Slinky Dog Dash in less than 25 minutes. That's That's good. But hopefully we're going to go over our game plan now. It's a little after 9, almost 9:30. So, we're going to hopefully do Mania, go watch the um Jingle Bell Jingle Bout at 10:00. And then hopefully meet Santa Stitch. He's the last thing on our priority list for tonight. And then after that, we're just kind of freeing to see what's left, how we're feeling, and if we want to keep going. The Star Wars rides have been so short. Like the weights have been so short. If our girls loved them, we would be going and doing those, but they're just like not the biggest fans of Star Wars. So, yeah, that's kind of where we're at. But lines have been a lot better. And also, I love the fact that they're not doing this kind of crazy thing like they have in the past where characters were alternating. Like last year, we had an issue where we got in line, we were told, "This is the line for Bo Peep." Come to find out, they all of a sudden said, "Oh, Bo Peep's got to take a quick break. Let's park the stroller." Um, she's got to take a quick break, but she'll be right back. She goes, "Gone, gone, gone." Next thing you know, Lo comes out and everybody in line had been promised Boe. So they would do that a lot where they would alternate the characters and so you didn't really know who you were getting in line for the last few years and I love that they've improved that and so it's awesome to see Disney listening to feedback from guest. So if you have thoughts tell them. It doesn't mean that everything is going to just immediately change cuz it does it takes a lot to put on these events and to get them just right for the thousands of people that come to them. But that is very exciting to see that those changes have been implemented. And so it's nice to get in line for a character and know that okay, I'm going to meet the character that's expected. If things happen, they happen. But I don't know. The whole switching off was a little strange. I'm like, they do this all the time on Cruise Line and they do it flawlessly. We We can make this happen. So, I'm glad they did. But we're going to go ride a Mania. It says 30 minutes. I'm hoping that's not accurate, but we'll see. No, baby. There's no lightning lanes right now. There's no people walking here. No, no people yet. We'll see. Well, that's definitely going to be longer than 30 minutes to the point that they're at. Yep. We're going to go back out. B Peep is meeting. So, we're going to meet the B Peep and then we're going to go watch um I keep wanting to say Prep and Landing, but it's part of Prep and Landing. It's the elves from them, but it's uh Jingle Bell, Jingle Bam. I don't know why that's so hard to remember. 9:30 and our ride update. Smugglers Run 5 minutes. 5 10 minutes. 10 minutes for Rock and Roller Coaster. Rise is 15. Tower of Terror is 15. Nikki and Minnie are 20. Runaway Railways 20. 25 for Slinky Dong. 25 for Mania, which I do not think is the case. That was way longer. And then Stitch is back up to 45 minutes. I'm hoping it drops a little bit. We'll see. I feel that. Thank you. She's doing good. We're hitting that part of the evening where we have our tactical jammies. So, the only year that we failed at this and we had a huge meltdown at the end of the night was last year at our Jollywood night. I think it was Jollywood or maybe it was a Christmas party. One of them I forgot our jammies, our tactical jammies. And when we got back, changing from our dress to our jammies was just too much to handle. So, I still apologize to those that were in French Quarter Resort last year cuz it was it was not not a fun time for anyone involved. Um, so yeah, there's that. But we did bring our tactical jammies and I do have some wipes. I have these extra large water wipes. So, we can basically do like a wipe shower here in the bathroom. Are you impressed? I'm glad I'm impressing somebody. We have our jammies. And yes, of course, they are Christmas Toy Story jammies. Are you so excited? Yeah. They've been asking for these. I'm like, when you get tired, you can let me know. You can hold them. um let me know when you get tired and we can put on your jammies. And so we're getting close to that 10:00 time frame. So I think we're just going to go ahead and shift into those and that way whenever we're ready to head back, we're ready. Makes transitioning a lot easier. Yeah. If you take nothing else away from this video, pack your jammies and maybe some extra large wipes. Here's the Okay, my turn to You want to do it? There's a little pants on. Mom, can you hold it? Yeah. [Music] And here's more sets of pants. Yeah. Now we'll do back the shirts. Are you showing it all off? This little shirt. This is the back of it. A little front. Yeah. I like it. Your arm's in the way. They can't see. There you go. See hammer upside down. Turn. Are you so excited about your jammy jams? Yeah, I love it. Yeah, you love it. Woo! All right, let's go change. Yay! It's the most wonderful stor. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Where are you? [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] S is not in his office. Ah, great garland. [Music] Orlando. Oh boy. You all right there, buddy? I love you. He's loaded lots of toys and goodies on his [Applause] [Music] But then I might just do a special match to make it spider You [Applause] [Music] just finished up with Jingle Bell, Jingle Bam. and we watched over in front of the tree there in the kind of Echo and Lake area. Now we're boogieing over to meet Santa Stitch. He is in where Olaf actually usually meets that he is not here for a party and Santa Stitch is. So we're hoping, fingers crossed that we can get in and out without a super long wait cuz we've been really lucky all night and not waited over 20 minutes for anything. So I'm hoping our lucky streak continues. [Music] She's out. [Music] Got to use that sling. Best $30 you can spend. Yeah. Absolute best. Soaking this up. You better. She doesn't do that. [Music] Blue [Music] girls are passing out. [Applause] We're here partying. We're partying till at least. [Applause] Oh, I got a picture. Yeah. And it's ready to go. the bottle. All right, got the blue signature. We're working on it slowly but surely. So, it is 10:46. The girls are both toast, so they're in the stroller. Hopefully, they're happily toast and not like upset toast, but we're still feeling good. Yeah, we're going to keep going. We're here to party. We got Blue Signature really quick and then Tower of Terror and Rock and Roller Coaster are short weights. So, I think Dean's going to go ride those. And I just saw a gingerbread bag. A gingerbread Minnie Mouse bag in. So, I may go to the gift shops while he goes to the ride. [Music] [Applause] Whatever he's That's where we're going. I am taking a pit stop though to grab a Gertie cookie because if I don't I have a little Bella who is going to be so sad tomorrow when she wakes up and she's like I forgot my Gertie cookie. So trying for a mom win here you guys. [Music] birdies have been acquired. Oo. Hey birdie, are you in line for power line? M sure am. I figured, you know what? Capital eyes. Working on the signatures. The line is not bad. Just five people. So short and we get to hang out with Gertie. Did you sign our beautiful family board? [Music] [Applause] [Music] They're so cute. Those are so cute. Yeah. Got the Olly ears. Yeah. And the Olly mug with the spoon and a spot for your cookie. Got a spot for the cookie right in the front. That's cute. We got Olly lounge bars. I want one of those, too. They are smaller. They're more like a cross bodyish. That's an Olly shirt. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Come on. I want that little stick. Can I get it? You think that should be your ornament? [Music] Because of the face, but he was Yeah. Heat. [Music] As we cross into the twilight Yeah, boy. [Applause] On the dark side of Hollywood, make sure you know just what kind of vacancy you're feeling. The longest thing about the Tower of Terror is the ride itself. There was no wait. There's no There's just no wait. That's awesome. We go ride it again if we wanted. That was great. [Music] Here [Music] [Applause] we go. 10 minutes. Let's do this. turns upside down. Bye, guys. that we're doing. Thumbs up and smile. I got you. Dude drives like my brother-in-law. Thank you. It pains me to say this, but I think I'm getting old enough to feel these rides now. I'm like, "Oh, I don't think I can ride that three times in a row." Two times I think I could do that. Third time would wreck me. Honestly, the second time might wreck me, so I'm going to skip it. But that was good. [Music] I want to wish you a merry Christmas. I want to wish you a merry Christmas. I want to wish you a merry Christmas. I want to wish you a [Music] just under an hour left for the Jollywood Nights party. So I wanted to kind of do another round. 5 minutes. 5 minutes. 10 for a runaway railway. Smuggler Run's 10. Rock and roller coaster rise is 10. Toy Story Mania is 10. Hollywood Tower of Terror is 13, which means that's a walk-on. 20 minutes for Slinky Dog, 25 for Red Carpet, and Stitch is the worst contender at 50 minutes. But everything else has been fantastic tonight. Honest to goodness, this has been so worth the spend for the amount of stuff that you have access to. The shows that we've seen, the shows that we've had access to, the rides we've been able to ride easily, being able to do RERS switch, even if the kids are resting, is fantastic. So, and this is a soldout night. This isn't even a non-soldout night. So, I feel like that's really great. Usually these first parties can be a lot. They can be plagued with problems and issues. And tonight, if there were, we've not seen it on stage. Let's just put it that way. So, this has been absolutely amazing. The wait times for characters are significantly lower this year versus in previous 2 years. So, I feel like Disney's finally getting their footing with this party. And I would ultimately after tonight, I'm like, I will definitely buy tickets to this again next year because we've been able to do a lot of stuff. We've enjoyed the night. It's been great. We've been able to have some of the party exclusive things and also squeeze in some of those non-exclusive things. And we have almost an hour left to go. So, I feel like we could still do quite a bit. We'll see what we do. We're on our other potty break, so we're kind of trading off and doing that. Dean in less than 30 minutes hit both Tower of Terror and he was able to hit Rock and Roller Coaster. So that was fantastic. And he even watched a little bit of the tiptop suaree while he was there. So I feel like that went pretty well. But we'll see. Lucy's like she's getting a second wind. Are you getting a second wind? Always get a second. Yep. We got a stitch. Mommy was a sucker. Yep. And Bella got Can I hold the camera? Yeah, you can hold the camera. I can show. All right, you can show Bella is asleep. She has her little mini stuffy. Yeah, she's also spiky. Bye. the gingerbread. Well, with that update, I think we're going to head down this little area, maybe sneak in a little photo session, and then we'll see if we want to ride anything else. Like, we could literally go ride the two Star Wars rides right now if we wanted to with the low weight times that we just looked at. So, I I genuinely think this party is worth the money because there's Yeah, there's so much going on that it's not just here for lowweight rides. You're also getting all the party stuff. So, like you can kind of pick and choose which one fits your style and your family the best. So, even though this is really marketed towards an adult only, hands down, I we will continue to come and continue to bring our kids cuz I think it's great. Also, this is a sold out Jollywood. So, these times and everything shouldn't get worse through time because this is a soldout day. So, this is as bad as it gets. And it's been great. It's been fantastic. I this, like I said, this has been the best year they've had so far. I finally feel like they're getting their footing. Oh, yeah. So, I'm excited. I think it was good. Yeah. This is a good one. Ollie ornament. Is that Olly the gingerbread man? Can I see it? [Applause] What does it say? Special ornament. What does that say? Says Olly and it says Jollywood Nights. Now we have our ornament. was $26.99. Put it in the bag. We'll put it back in the bag for safekeeping. Okay. I don't want to be holding. I want to be on the ground and do this. I'm doing it. I'm doing the ollie. Awesome. Two, three. Bigger, bigger. One, two, three. One more. One, two, three. Perfect. Thank you. Scrub stitch. So, she's sleeping. You think we should leave right now? You're all done. Well, we grabbed our Jollywood photo with the sign and it is 11:57 and I think we are going to call it. We are not usually ones to leave early, but we have done a lot. The kids are sleepy and it feels like a successful night. So, that's going to be it for us. You guys have to let us know if you have been to Jollywood Nights. If you have, what is your favorite thing or favorite part of the event and put that down in the comment section? Would love to hear from you guys what you think of the party, but it's a hit for us. We love Hollywood Studios Christmas vibes. Anyway, and then all of the events and all the stuff and how smoothly tonight went was even better in my book. So, hope you guys enjoyed the video though and coming along. If you did, don't forget, click the thumbs up button, red subscribe button if you are new. We'll see you right back here in the next one. Bye guys. [Applause] Thank you so much. Thank you. Yay. It's a photo ornament. I love that. That's so cute. Slide the photo in the back. Oh, that is adorable. I love this. Okay, this in the first year are the best gifts. Like last year it was like champagne flavored marshmallows or something, but this is awesome. Like we will use this. We even use our coasters. They're on our nightstands. That's true. So, it's like an actual thing you can use. So, I'm so excited about this. That's cool. That's great. This is a nice bag, too, to be honest. That's really fancy. Yeah. I think they've leveled out. This was This was better. Yeah.
