---
video_id: -CPYmxRAwlo
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "2025 🎄 Disney Christmas Trip | Disney World Travel Day in November"
published: 2025-12-01
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-CPYmxRAwlo
---
Orlando. We made it to Orlando. So excited. I see Manny. I see her, too. First stop on our journey today is at our resort, which is Allstar Music. So, fine. This is But while this is super fun, it is November, so you really have to check the weather for days like this. We've made it to the room. We fought over the bathroom. Everybody did their potty. And now Dean has taken the girls to the playground. So, fun fact, Disney no longer does the complimentary bed rails. Thank you. It's funny how like fast we do stuff, but it's usually like stressful. Yeah. And now it's like, ah, peace. Yep. Thank you. Thank you. Have a candy. Sure. What are you wanting? My coloring in here behind you to make your way to their rowart back. That's a cute snowman. Hey, hello. Bye-bye. something special. Wow. Please don't do a loop. We're not doing that, right? Yeah. You slept good, Lucy. Don't forget just a second there. Let me see. Don't forget your hoodie. Heat. Heat. Everybody Oh, no. You're good. Thank you. Girls got their stuffies. and their ducks. We got our coffee ready for a great time. Thank you. Resorts and other ground transportation options are located on level one. Hello, this is Orlando Mayor Buddy Dire. If you're a resident, welcome home. Please stand clear of doors and hold on the handrail. We made it through Orlando. So excited. So, we are here. That was such a smooth flight. The girls and I napped for most of it, which was fantastic. And I was watching Fantastic 4. Oh, I wonder what you were watching. I glanced over a couple times when I woke up to move my head cuz it hurt. But I got 36 minutes left. It's pretty Oh my goodness. Well, you surely you can finish it on the way back. All right. Well, we're going to go. So, we are getting ready to meet up with our driver and Damon is meeting him upstairs at the carousel and we have popped downstairs to level one where we'll exit to the vehicle to go to the bathroom. So, doing multiple stops at once. Now that we've had our postplane potty break, we are ready to head out with our transportation company. I'm just waiting on it to and our driver our driver to grab the bags upstairs at the carousel here this morning. We are using our favorite MCO to Disney. I will have all their information linked down below um as well as a special discount code that they gave me to share with you guys. We love them and have been using them exclusively for over 2 years now and absolutely love them. All of our drivers are always so sweet and so heard from so many of you guys that also love it. And so yeah, had to always share. They are our favorites. But knowing that these bathrooms are down here, there's nobody ever down here. And there usually there's a men's and a women's on either side of these exits. If not that exit, like the next exit over. So if you're getting ready to get in the car, you can be like, "Hey, can we take a potty break?" Right. You girls jump out and go ahead and climb in. Look, look, look out your window. Quick, quick. Look, look, look, look. We're looking. We're looking, baby. We're looking. Did you see him? Snow White, too. You saw Snow White, too? That's so cool. Oh, I see Minnie. You said there's a Donald hiding in the bushes. Yeah, I see Minnie. I see Minnie. I see her, too. Okay, we got Goofy and Dad, look. Is that all star movie? No, that one is sports. This is Yeah, that's cool. First stop on our journey today is at our resort, which is Allstar Music. So, with our transportation company, they offer for $25 extra, you can have a first stop and then a second stop. So, we're stopping here at the resort. Dean is tossing our bags. We have our day bag ready to go for taking with us to Typhoon Lagoon. And that's where we're off to. We're going to head off to the water park and use our free water park entry for today. Are you excited? Yeah. Click the thumbs up button. Click the thumbs up button. Wait. You're such a little YouTuber. And we're going to catch a kitty creek. That's right. We are going to catch a kitty creek. Woohoo. like your nails. You look so good. You like my nails? You catch a kitty kitty? I'm so excited. Wait, are we close to catching kitty? got these. All right. Let me go toss the string real quick. You go that way. I got Lucy. That gives me anxiety. Hi guys. How are you? Hello. Oh my gosh, you're so cute. Whoa, it's Spider-Man. And it's Max's girlfriend and a naked mole rat on the ground. Yeah, she's so excited. This is a new dance. Is that a new dance? I like it. Well, you can probably tell from the music and the atmosphere. We have made it now to Typhoon Lagoon. We are all checked in, ready to go and change into our swim club. The girls are so excited about Ketchuk Creek. It has been a minute since we have been here to Typhoon Lagoon. So, we're going to go check it out. And that is our first stop after we get our swimsuits on. Obviously, we're not swimming in our regular clothes. We're going to go change first. Let's go. Such a cool dad. I have to say winter at the water parks if you can get a nice day is my favorite. Do you see how empty this is? It is fantastic. Fine. This is Bella. Hand that to daddy, please. Thank you. And hand that to daddy. Is mine the one, too? Yeah. You all get them. Okay. So, this is yours. Why do I get shorts? Yours? Cuz you get your shorts with your swimsuit. So, I get to play with the shorts of my No, it's just your cover up, sweetie. I'm so excited for my mom. I can tell you're so excited. I really wanted you to bring this one. So, this is yours. And I don't like Moana in the ship. That sounds like a great idea. You want to go change? Ready? Let's do this. No, you're going to go with mommy. All right. Come on. Go again. Let's do it. All right. Go again. Go again. Whoa. But see what I mean? There is hardly no one here, which is absolutely wild. But while this is super fun, it is November, so you really have to check the weather for days like this. It's a great benefit to get this for free on your check-in day. But who knows? Cuz right now it is currently 76. Today the high is 79. But looking at our weather on Tuesday during our trip, we're here Thursday to Thursday. On Tuesday the high is 58 and the low is 36°. Obviously you're not coming to a water park in that temperature. I don't even know that they'll open the water park with those kinds of temperatures. So obviously that is a TBD kind of moment. But if you can keep a check on the weather, have a swimsuit and in your bag and ready to go cuz it could be a great option. And if you can, there's seriously nobody here, which is amazing. Go Ariel. Go. Heat. Heat. There he is. Heat. Heat. We have now ventured over to Blustery Bay. Lucy saw this and remembered enjoying these water slides when we were here in the past and she's like, I want to go there now. So, we're just kind of boopping around. But this is such a great We're not getting ice cream right now, but it's such a great place here in Bluster Bay. The water is a lot calmer than the main waves over there. And there's two water slides that if you were are if you are under 60 in you can go down. I just barely don't make the cut. The one time I wouldn't mind staying slightly shorter. Did you like the slide? Yeah. And I even want ice cream. What is it going to teach you an ice cream? Eat it. I don't know. I think we need real food first. And we have ice cream. I want ice cream now. Uh, no. Real food now. Hey, I didn't say never. Apparently the words never were heard. I don't I didn't say you run the tape back. I didn't say never. I see a vision with food trays. Lunch is served. Got the chicken bowl. Absolutely love these. It's slightly different than the last time, but it's got corn and peppers and rice and black beans. Yummy chicken. Looks so good. Dean got the barbecue chicken pizza. It has pickled onions and then also pesto sauce. I do like pesto. Looks so good. And then both of the girls got cheese pizza and some French fries. Is that yummy? Yeah, it looks yummy. Nice. We definitely were ready for some food. Breakfast was a long time ago. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Wow. Heat. Heat. Orange. Well, the last 30 minutes has been very eventful. This is our like second take of trying to leave. The girls had their snow cones walking out. We walked up that set of stairs to look. There's like a little observation deck area up there. So, we walked up, looked out that with Lucy and I did coming back down the stairs and I'd literally just be careful walking down the stairs. Puring her snow cone, tumbles down like five stairs, gets all scratched up. We go to first aid, get her all cleaned up, band-aids, all that good stuff. And then they give her a coupon to get another snow cone. So we go get another snow cone. We get back with Dane and Bella with the stroller. She's climbing in. Sits down in the stroller. Second snow cone hits the ground. She's like, "It's okay, Mommy. We don't have to get another one." So that's just Yeah. So real life moments of traveling. I think we're all tired. Yeah. You had a snow cone instead of ice cream. Remember I said you could have ice cream tonight or we could do snow cone. So you like the snow cone? Yeah. But our room is ready. Got a text just before 12:00 um that it was ready. We've been here for about 4 hours. It is um after 2 on 2:30. So, we're going to get out of here, go check out our room, get our bags, get to the room, get our grocery order, kind of get settled in, and we may pop over to Disney Springs for dinner and a little hangout session, but we're ready for our week at Disney. So, we want to be like rested up, so we don't want to do too much today and overdo it. I see a fancy picture. Maybe Heat. Heat. Made it back to Allstar Music. Going to grab our grocery order. It was delivered earlier from Walmart. So, we got that to pick up. Check and see. Sometimes at the values, they'll take your luggage once they know that you have a room. Even without you asking, they'll take your luggage to your room, which is kind of nice. They don't usually do that in other moderate deluxe resorts, so it feels kind of bougie on a budget, so to speak. Um, we're going to see where that's at. Our room is ready. So, yeah. The more we're sitting there on the bus and the sleepier we're getting, the more I think we may be pivot princesses. I fell asleep on the bus. I saw that. It was cute, huh? It was Disney dad in action. That was owl. I think I think we're all getting tired. That 3:30 wakeup call was a while ago. We've made it to the room. We fought over the bathroom. Everybody did their potty and now Dean has taken the girls to the playground so I can do a little unpacking session really quick. I I don't want to do any of this to be perfectly honest. I am exhausted. I don't want to just fall across the bed right now cuz the caffeine's running off and the 3:30 wakeup call are hitting hard. Like we had this whole idea of like going to Disney Springs for dinner and doing all this stuff, but I'm so tired. I'm like I don't I don't I no I think we're going to be pivot princesses and tomorrow we want to rope drop Magic Kingdom and so that's going to require us being up early because early entry starts at 7:30 tomorrow morning. It's a little bit earlier morning for Magic Kingdom, which means we have to get up. We'll like need to leave 45 minutes before and need to get up about 45 minutes to an hour before we want to leave so we can get ready and like this whole thing. So, I'm like already visioning that. So, I think we're going to get to bed. But, right now, we need to unpack and to put some groceries away, organize the room, get us set up and settled in. So, let's do that really quick. Heat. Heat. Are you serious? This is annoying. Usually Walmart is like on top of it when they do their grocery stuff, but literally the best buy date, obviously I understand things are good past the best buy date, but the best buy for this broccoli is the 6th and it is already pretty stinking brown. So the fact that someone picked this up is disappointing. Okay, the carrots on the other hand are good till well after our trip is over. So that's good. Quick grocery rundown. Got some whole shelf stable milk. Got some macaroni cups for little quick meal snacks here at the resort. We can use the microwave that is in the quick service for those. Got a couple boxes of cereal for a little quick easy breakfast. Little bite muffins for the girls. Some bananas. More quick easy breakfast for the girls. They love oatmeal. So going super easy. And then got these as little snacks to put in our park bag. The girls like the regular chomps and we like the jalapeno ones. Those are so good. Little pricey, but they are really, really good. So, that's kind of our grocery rundown. Other than what you saw in the fridge. So, fun fact, Disney no longer does the complimentary bed rails. They now do bumpers. So, let's order some and see what they look like. Good afternoon. Hi, Parker. Um, yes. I was wanting to see could I get two either um bed rails or bumpers or whatever you guys have for little ones um sleeping in beds. Um um I need it for one bed, but I have two kids in it, so I'll need one for each side. So, two total. And then if I could get two extra pillows and two extra blankets. Okay, awesome. Thank you so much. I appreciate that. Thank you. Thanks, Parker. Appreciate it. Thanks. Bye. All right. So, the bumpers, bed rails, whatever they have at the resort right now is on its way. I got two pillows cuz we don't have there's only four. Usually, there's like six in the room. So, I want to make sure we have plenty of pillows cuz I don't want to have to call again. Um cuz it seems like the later in the evening, closer to bedtime, it gets busier housekeeping gets and the longer it can take to get things. And then also, I got two extra blankets because if you have two kids sleeping in a bed, you know the whole like she's hogging the blanket, she's stealing the blanket. And from a lot of you that I've chatted with, it doesn't get better as they get older. It's like they can be so sweet and so kind and so sharing and just like oh my gosh we are like doing such a great job as parents and then the next thing you know they're like nipping at each other. It's just the eb and flow of multiple kids. So if you know you know but we're going to keep unpacking get a little bit more done. I also need to kind of officially set up the stroller for Disney. So let's let's do some more things. Yes. All right. So, I showed this in it was actually a collaboration video that I did with Bags Smart, which if you know, you know, I love Bags Smart stuff. Like, they've got some really great products. But unsponsored review afterwards, I still love it as much as the sponsored video. This is amazing. I'm literally just going to open this suitcase. This was an extra outfit I tossed in. And then I tossed in a couple of extra pairs of shorts for Dean here. So, these are a little wonky up at the top, but I'm just literally going to uncip this. And this is a stack of clothes for the first section of the trip. And then we get into a stack of clothes for the second section of the trip. And it's almost like my hanging packing cubes that I love so much. But it's just this little door. And then I've got extra swimsuits here in this top. Extra shorts. And then the girls and eyes pajamas are in this top zipper section here, which is awesome. So, if you're looking for a bag with a ton of organization, it is wild. It also has a built-in scale, which I thought was so stinking cool. So, really like that. Throw my extra shoes under here. But anytime you can have a really cool suitcase and it doubles as organization, I am all about it. So that was kind of how I packed. We have suffic to say suffice it to say we've had a lot going on behind the scenes. Um just been Yeah. Yeah. But we've had a lot going on. So I didn't get to film an official pack with me. I did like stages of stuff and I had this like whole thing planned but we just just ran out of time. Sometimes life gets in the way and I hate it because it's like man I was really excited about the content I had planned but it is what it is. We're good. We're moving on. We're at Disney now. We're surviving. It's fun. We're having a good time and got one more bag to unpack and then I'm going to have this just done which I love. I also love the fact that when you organize as you're packing, it makes this whole process so much easier because past you has done future you a favor. You're right now unpacking and setting up or at least even if you don't want to unpack fully, just kind of getting things ready for the week is doing future you a favor. Cuz listen, when the alarm goes off in the morning for 5:30 me to get ready to go to Magic Kingdom, I'm not going to want to do all this stuff either. So today, me is sucking it up and we're like, we're going to get it done. So that way I can go into tomorrow and have a park day that's just like, woo, we're ready. Let's do this. All right. So, we have the park bag ready to go for tomorrow. The umbrella that needs to go in the stroller. The girls undergarments, shorts for under clothes, all that good stuff's in here. our tote bag for our extra goodies for the stroller. This is usually our weather gear bag. And voila, the bottom is empty now. And the top we have headbands cuz you know got to be cute and all. It's a Christmas trip. Let's see. I got the girls little flats here. Those are the same size. Those are the same size. The popcorn bucket. This is probably one of the most rule baker rule breaker controversial things that I do cuz I am so type A. I'm like the oldest. So I have the whole like I am a rule follower. Like rules are meant to be followed. But everybody else brings their popcorn bucket back trip after trip. They've got the passholder bucket that you can use. I see all these old popcorn buckets from literally like 10 years ago and they're still bringing them and people are still getting them refilled. So, she's back. I don't know. That's that that's my controversial thing that I do at Disney. That's this. If I ever get in trouble for anything at Disney, it'll be this backup lollies hydration popcorn lid that I just threw off dramatically. Toiletries and mama's bag of fun tricks. I want to kiss you before. All right. In mama's bag of tricks, we have an inflatable bumper that I always bring, which now that Disney's doing bumpers, I may not need to pack this, but I packed it cuz we're still TBD on the whole bumper situation. the inflator for said bumper, which don't worry, I'll show you what we are using it for in just a minute. So, hold that thought. Got our handy dandy laundry detergent sheets. These are fantastic. Miss Mouse kills it. Like, they are so good. And then our little popup laundry hamper cuz I'm a weirdo and I like to go home and clean clothes. You know, laundry is just more magical at Disney. Also, this camera angle is just like so profession. Christmas lights because it's Christmas. Extra activities for the girls. They're little ornaments for them to put together. Window clings. Decorations for the window. Listen, it's Christmas, okay? We're going all out. garland also for the window, an extension cord for the Christmas lights, and suction hooks cuz you can't use command hooks at a Disney resort, but we still want to decorate. Oh, and tape. And then we'll get into this in a second. for you. I want this for you. I want this. Hi there. Oh, no. Uh, you can just set it on the table. Thank you so much. I appreciate that. I'm going to put the blanket. Oh, okay. Okay. Actually, I'm going to make the blanket. Okay. Thank you. Okay. These little decorations are so cute. They're actually magnets. They're like honeycomb design and they just stick together and they make these little Christmas trees. So, I'm just going to set them in the window. Usually I was thinking the window seals were a little wider, but they're not. So, it's okay. Yeah, this one's not going to fit. But we'll decorate the room with this one. It can go on the like dresser or something. But these little guys will work. I know. I'm way too excited about this. These are so cute. Look at them. the room is set up with the exception of the girls bed. The bumpers are TBD. They brought the pillows, brought the blankets, and I was able to request a microwave. Sometime housekeeping has those, sometimes they don't. So, your mileage may vary. But if you have food, you're trying to feed your kids, doing those types of things, having budget friendly meals, have needed for a baby or anything like that, special dietary restrictions, whatever, you can ask for them. Anyone can ask for them. So, just sharing. A lot of times our luck has not been so great with getting them. But today, we got lucky and we got one. So, you really never know. Um, but that definitely makes it easier. So, in the morning when we're trying to get ready and the kids want some oatmeal, we don't have to trek all the way to the quick service to heat it up. Makes it really convenient. So, you know, there you go. You can ask for those. Just a heads up. Um, but I think the room is basically ready. We're decorated. Got a little tree there. I have the other red tree in the bathroom. Let me show you the window and then we're going to go meet up with Dina and the girls cuz it's 4:19. I'm getting hungry and I want to get back so we can like start getting ready for bed. Mama's tired. Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. Oh, did you think there was a swing here? I'm sorry, baby. There's not a swing here. But there's slides. Good job, Belle. You going to go? Yep. Can you catch me? Right here. Can you hear me? Hey. Yeah. I don't think it's working. All right. You try. All right, Lucy, talk into it. Good job. I'm letting the girls guide us back to the room. So far, we've taken only wrong turns, so we'll see if we make it back. We actually just got to go like straight over there, but they don't know that. Lucy said she knows which way to go. Lead us. Oh, fearless leader. Who's that? Which way? To the left. Wa! That girl has that girl from the hotel has those things. That girl. Wait, who's I think that's decorating. You think it's me? Wo, that is awesome. You like it? Yeah, I like the snowflakes, too. Oh, thank you. And the giant giant Mickey I went out to meet Dean and the girls, but they were already coming back in. So, we're settled in. Got one kid in the shower, one kid is playing with their coloring book. Dean is getting our pizza. We are just going to have a pizza party in the room tonight. So, we are going like fullon relaxation, just chill, just kind of easing easing into our Disney trip, laying out everybody's clothes for tomorrow. that way can just kind of mindlessly get dressed. All the all those little prep things that you can do like stepping ahead. I'm all for it. But I also did want to mention that the bumpers have arrived. So I wanted to kind of share those. We'll set up the bed after we eat kind of having our pizza our little pizza party. But these are exactly what we used on Bella's bed when she needed them at home. She doesn't usually I don't know. we've taken them off the bed at home, but as soon as I don't use them at Disney for whatever reason, they fall out of bed here. Like, they don't fall out of bed at home, but they do here. And I'm like, I just I don't know, don't want to deal with that on vacation. So, Disney has gotten rid of their bed rails, the little standup ones that if you've seen any of our other room setups and things like that that we've done coming to Disney over the years, those are not really a thing. They're phasing them out and they are replacing them with these. So, these are actually going to just slide under the mattress pad um sheet of the bed. Also, it's exactly the same as the inflatable bumper that I usually bring. Um they're still in kind of a transitional phase, so some resorts may still have bed rails for a little bit and then some of them have gone strictly to bumpers. But if this gets to be a consistent thing to where they have these, I may or may not need to pack those unless I just want them as like a backup. They don't take a lot of space, which is great. So, it's not hard to pack them, but I will usually have one of these that I will stick in the center, and that's what I brought the inflatable one for when they were the bed rails. So, some of you are probably like, why are we doing a a talk about this? But those of you that need like sleep help, like you you get this. this is for you. Um, we fold down the bed, put the inflatable one in the center to divide the bed into two spaces, and that way we have zones. Everybody stays in their zone. Makes it a little bit easier to follow rules when we've got boundary lines here. And then we've got the bumpers now on the edge of the bed so nobody falls out. But wanted to share that for anybody that's like, we got multiple kids. They're not in pack and plays anymore. Like we've kind of graduated past that. We even graduated past the slumber pods and the bump and the um inflatable mattresses, which I kind of miss those. Not even going to lie. I kind of miss those. But you know what? We're at where we're at and we're celebrating the phase that we're in. But also, one thing that not all of the Disney cast members are trained on, and some of them may not be parents, and so they don't understand that one is kind of a replacement for the other is some people have called and asked for bed rails, and they've been like, "We don't have any." They come to find out like last day of their trip, they're like, "Oh, we do have bumpers though. Do you need bumpers?" And it's like, "Yes, I needed those on Monday. It's Saturday. I leave tomorrow." Like, that would have been helpful to know. So, all that to say, knowing what to ask for is also very important knowledge. So, if you're here and you're coming, definitely ask for bed rails or bumpers. So I for the next couple months I would just do that automatically because that's how I phrased it and they were like we don't have the bed rails anymore but we do have the bumpers. So depending on what category they have. So knowledge is power. So I'm equipping you that way you can help with sleep cuz kids sleep is hard. Okay? It is stressful. There is a lot to it and especially on vacation we want to sleep good. Everybody's not in their normal routine in their normal habitat. This is a little different. So, we're all about making sleep as best as it can be because the better sleep you get, the better day you're going to have. The better day you have, the more magical your trip's going to be. wanted to show a little bit of how we set up the bed. So, with these bumpers that Disney offers, we're just again sliding them under the fitted sheet mattress protector situation going on there. Just being able to pop them under. They're honestly to me a little bit easier than the bed rails were, especially if the side of the bed frame itself has strange edges. And then I'm just going inflating that center and bumper that I bring to kind of divide it into the two zones like we talked about. But once I get that done, I'll slide it into the middle of the bed. and we are all set and ready to get some sleep and ready for our week at Disney. Thank you guys so much for coming along for our travel day. I'm so excited to share the rest of the vlogs from our Christmas Disney trip with you guys. We have a Disney Magic Kingdom and Animal Kingdom Day coming as well as a full day at Epcot. So, super super excited and can't wait to share the rest of our adventure with you guys. But thank you for watching. Thank you for being here. If you haven't already, don't forget to click that thumbs up button. And I appreciate you guys. And end of the video club. You got to leave me some Christmas emojis. That way I know you're here and part of the special club. But we'll see you guys right back here in the next one. Bye.
