---
video_id: vaIOpHQmAEI
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "Disney Birthday Celebration! | 3 Park PLUS Moon Light Magic"
published: 2025-09-30
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaIOpHQmAEI
---
[Music] See her go. [Music] Jack Jacks are for winners. They were pixie dusting us with Moonlight Magic tickets here tonight. So, I'm so excited. I changed my mind. I couldn't do it. I I love the bar too much. Good morning, guys. Welcome to our epic birthday at Disney. So, our family has started this little tradition where the girls have what they call a yes day within reason. It's not like excessive, but I mean, we're at Disney, so it's a certain point of excessive, but it's not like every toy they ask for in the gift shop and everything they want to do and every expensive thing. Like, we're not saying yes to everything. So, you get the idea. But, it's been a fun tradition so far for our family. So, we're taking you along for Lucy's yesterday. We sat down at home, went through all of her rides, all of her things. We have ride kids, so they're very excited. We have lightning lanes this morning and she helped me plan all the things that she wants to do on her birthday. So, let's go have a really fun day. I'm excited. If you're excited, go ahead, click that thumbs up button and let's jump into this birthday vlog. All right, first park up is Animal Kingdom. The most important thing for her for today was to ride Flight of Passage again. She rode it, absolutely loves it, and that is now one of her favorite, probably top five, I would dare say top three favorite rides at Disney World. So, we got a Lightning Lane for that. So, we weren't having to rush this morning. So, we got some single passes, some Molly passes, and we're going to go kick off this day cuz, you know, we're probably going to end up at all four parks today. [Music] Maybe a banshee. [Music] Did you see it? Shaped like Mickey. That's cool, huh? God bless you. Bless you. We are the reality [Music] reality check of the plan. So Lucy and I sat down and we had all these plans and all this stuff. And now in the moment I'm like, we've got all these lightning lanes and I'm geared towards we've got lightning lanes. We need to move. We're going to we got to make our reservations. And I'm like, let's get there. And I'm like have my laser focus on that. But she's wanting to stop and look at random things and explore. And I'm like, but you said you wanted to ride rides and I have lightning lanes and it's like I'm having to take a deep breath. So, I'm sharing this let you know that whether you're planning a yes day or you're just planning your day at Disney, but just always factor that in. And we have time with our lightning lanes. I'm like, we can slow down, but it's also regearing your brain. And it's not that it's like it's not that we didn't have time to slow down. It's that my brain was stuck in this this is the plan we have to go. Cuz I am a type A planner and I'm like, okay, we have a plan. Let's execute the plan that we made. like we worked hard on this, let's just do it. But it doesn't always go like that. And especially with little kids, they're going to see things. They're going to want to look at it. They're going to want to explore. They're going to want to slow down and check out the animals or do whatever. So, just in the moment sharing that for you guys so that you can kind of pack your patience and just we're going to be okay. Everything doesn't have to go exactly as scheduled. And that's honestly where the most beautiful trips happen is you have this loose itinerary of what you're going to do, but then in the moment, Disney magic pops up and you find it in all these little places. So, if I can say anything in this TED talk, just to wind it up. Always have time for that. And also going with the flow because Disney magic is everywhere. It's not just in the attractions. As wonderful and incredible as they are, that's not the only place that there's magic. So, don't forget to find it other places. Yeah, that's my face. Lucy, you see your face down there? Yeah. Yeah. Watch this. Hold on. Watch. It's scanning. Wa. A pink one. Cute puppet. That's like they said on the ground. Real loud. Okay. 1 2 3. All right. Congratulations. All right. Happy birthday. Thank you. Oh my goodness. Which shoulder do you want him on? What's your Banshee's name? Uh, Ber. Ber. I like it. That is a good name. Make it speak. Say speak. Ber, speak. Speak. Banser. Speak. [Music] [Music] identify them from their lip structure. They are going to have a more triangular shape to their lips or see a little spot on their beaks and that's going to kind of look like they're blushing. Hold their breath for several minutes to allow them to do that. You can actually sleep under the water cold color and their horns are pointed backwards to keep them warm. a hammer in a group and a group of chaper is going to be called a dazzle. They're going to be about the same height as a parent. [Music] They use their trunks to help them eat. Helps them breathe and all that pink color. And that's going to come from their diet of brine shrimp. Is that what you were looking forward to? But it's supposed to be pink, not wide. Yeah, they need to eat some more flamingo. Miles away. Five miles. That's crazy, isn't it? But there's another one sleeping. You see it? It's just laying there sleeping. [Music] [Music] These are from eggs. Those are toys. All right. Wait right here. Putt bar initiate now. Hands up. I think you got worse. [Applause] [Music] some wild monkeys. All right, so we got off the Cali River Rabbits with 4 minutes till breakfast is over at Ashley's favorite place, Yaketti Express. I think that's what it's called. Uh, so she ran off to go get us some food and I'm going to go get us some coffee cuz we have not ate or drank anything. It's like 11:00. I'll see you. [Music] Find of the day. [Music] The moment of truth is now. What did we get? Oh, is that the chicken sandwich? It is the chicken sandwich. Yes. And I know you love these. Yum. Fried rice. [Music] Did you go down there? Right there. Going up the big side. [Music] [Laughter] Goodbye Boneyard. Goodbye dig site. Goodbye Donald Dino Mash. My [Music] go. Come on. [Applause] right here. Let me stand in front of the light. Oh my goodness, it is glowing a little bit. That's so cool. We found Bumba. Hello, Bumba. I think he said he's at the dance party. Oh, he may have been at the dance party. That would have been cool. All right, we are wrapping it up here at Animal Kingdom. It is 12:15. We definitely lingered longer than I thought we would, but we are ready to head to Hollywood Studios, which is our next park. I think just in time cuz the clouds are starting to get a little dark. So, we'll see how that goes. But, we've got our rain gear. So, we're ready to press through no matter no matter the weather. But hopefully, fingers crossed, we can maybe hop to Hollywood Studios and it's perfectly blue skies. We'll see. And that escalated quickly. grown or pink donut [Music] park number two and we are here to do a few things that Lucy likes. We'll see what we can get in. It is 108 and so this is where the parameters and the bumpers on the day are coming in is once we're finished here we are going to go back and relax for a little bit because everybody needs it. We had a crazy early morning yesterday, like almost an all day. That's a thing. And so we are going to definitely need some rest. So that is part of our 48 hour trips is we are we do need to factor in a little bit of rest somewhere, but we are definitely not water averse. So I think we'll be okay. Also, it's really nice when it rains cuz a lot of people hit the door. So, if you've not been in a while or you're one of these people that you hit the door when it starts raining, if you can deal with the rain, it's not bad. And usually weight times go down. I might actually have a chance cuz I think we're going to do team scores today. I do best alone. I'm on. You're on daddy's team. So, last time Bella and I together, what we almost beat you or we actually beat you? Yeah, we're by like 10,000. Yeah, that's the goal. That's the goal. We're going to crave it. I'm just going to say it now. I'm going to put the camera away and I will see you guys on the other side with a score report because I do need to focus. There's some things I can do simultaneously. Filming and playing this game is not one of them. I can do it with Buzz. This one I just can't do. So, I got I got to get it in cuz Buzz is closed right now. So, I have nothing to kick his butt on. So, I got to move it over here. So, wish me luck. That was fun. How much did I get? Now we game is over. We're kind of stuck here at the end for a second. So, we'll see how in just a second. I don't know. I'm not feeling optimistic at this point. I talk a big game, but I'm not feeling very optimistic. Stop. Okay. Okay. So, it's a little stuck. So, my score is 1929. And it says on the thing that the best in the vehicle was 1929. Sorry, guys. [Music] No. Mommy won. Team score. We won. High five. I won. We won together. Our team won. Yeah. Hi. So, this is Lucy or Bella, excuse me. Bella and I's team score. So, you know the deal. Jack Jacks cookie to celebrate. What do you got to Jack Jacks? Cuz Jack Jacks are for winners. [Music] Just wait till next time. We're not competitive at all. The Jack Jacks are for winners. Come over here, winner. That looks delicious. Well, we came, we conquered, we got our Jack Jacks. We're kind of pivoting right now. So, I had a lightning lane for Slinky Dog. And so far, that was at 7:00 and that was the earliest we could get it for today. We've modified, tried modifying, had our our magic tool working for us, trying to get it to modify, and nothing has come a become available earlier. So, we are pivoting and heading back for a break, which we needed, knew we needed. Anyway, also had a subscriber reach out and they are pixie dusting us with, sorry, it was crowded there for a second. Um, we they are pixie dusting us with Moonlight Magic tickets here tonight. So, I'm so excited as we're BBC owners, but we bought resale, so we don't get direct perks like being able to do that, and they can bring people with them. And so, we're getting to go. So, I'm so excited. We've never done it before. Like I'm really looking forward to it. Uh it comes with like free snack vouchers and all this stuff. So it's almost like an after hours of event but just for DBC members. So I'm excited. So we're going to do and Lucy's like, "You're telling me there's snacks? I'm there." Yeah. Especially Mickey ice cream. She's like, "Let me add it." So we gave her the option. and we're like, "Hey, we have the option to do this party tonight or we can still keep with our schedule of going to Epcot and then Magic Kingdom and finishing the day there." But since this was available, she's like, "I'm here. There's snacks. Let's go. Let's do that instead." So, we are foregoing our pop back or pop into Epcot for a bit and we're going to double up on Studios today. So, that's the plan. I'm going to finish munching on some of this cookie before we get to the bus and we're gonna go get some much needed rest and relaxation and take a break for a bit. We're back for our infamous midday break. We are definitely needing it. Getting a little tired. Everybody's kind of slowing down. So, I'm like, okay, we need we need to rest. We need to rehydrate. We need to relax for a little bit and then be ready for our fun evening. Also, I have to give a huge shout out to Elizabeth from Two Sisters Magical Travel, and she is actually hosting us for our two nights here at the Polynesian. And I am so excited and also so grateful to be able to work with amazing travel agents. I have worked with some not so great ones before becoming a YouTuber and doing this. And I'm like, I don't know about recommending Disney travel agents cuz if you know when you've had a bad experience, you totally get it and can relate. It kind of makes you nervous to not work with one, but I love being able to find and collaborate with and share with you guys about amazing ones that are so kind, so sweet, and are so excited to help you love Disney just as much as they do and have a beautiful trip. And so, if you want someone in your corner that is wanting your trip to go as beautifully as you do, definitely check out Elizabeth and her company, I will have it linked down below so you can go and check her out. She's got a quote form down there so you can fill that out. She'll send you a no obligation free quote. And the beautiful thing about working with a travel agent is that you don't spend any extra with Disney for booking them. Disney has already factored in a commission for a travel agent whether you book with one or not. So, it's great to have someone on hand that can help with little things along the way that you might need like dining reservations, Biffy Bumpity Boutique, getting a lightsaber reservation, all those fun things. Can I help take the pressure off of you? Someone that knows it and does it a lot. having them in your corner and letting them just kind of work their magic for you and your family just kind of takes a little bit of that pressure off you. And so it can be a huge help along the way. But again, thank you to Elizabeth and also thank you to you guys because I wouldn't get these opportunities to be hosted and stay in amazing, incredible resorts like Polynesian if it wasn't for you guys. And so I just I want also want to thank you because your views, your likes, your comments, your support, your subscribing, all those little things, they mean so much more than you realize that they do. And so I just want to also thank you guys because I'm getting to spend my daughter's birthday at Polynesian and it's absolutely incredible and so it's such an honor and so grateful. So thank you guys. Definitely check out Elizabeth. I'm going to go take a nap postnap. And we have cupcakes for the birthday girl compliments of our travel agent, Elizabeth. She sent these over and had them delivered to our resort. All the princesses on them. That is awesome. Thank you so much. That was such a fun surprise. Did you say princesses on the cupcakes? Yes. Well, I never Are you one blessed girl to wake up to cupcakes? I've never even seen one cupcakes. I know. Which one are you going to eat? You want the Ariel one? Yeah. All right. I vote for cupcakes on the balcony. Oh, the Moana one. That's cool. That's fell off. [Music] M dinner is served. I can't. We are now back out and about full of ohana noodles and the sticky chicken wings. They are so good. If you don't know, you can actually go if you grab a seat at the bar, you can order food, get it to go, and then take it. And we love to go and watch the show in the lobby. The girls can watch TV. They'll come over and snag a few bites. Everybody's happy. We get Ohana food, and it's fantastic. Okay, so it's Monday and it's a holiday. It's Labor Day. And so far, I'm not seeing the horrific don't go to Magic Kingdom on Monday crowds. I think everybody's been taking the advice. Okay, but seriously, where is everybody? Like, there's hardly nobody over here. I'm like flabbergasted. But for real, this is like lower crowds than when we were here earlier or in August. And it was supposed to be like on crowd calendars, it was rated as like a five or six crowd level. This is supposed to be an 8 n depending on the crowd calendar you look at and it's totally not. So that's one thing. Crowd calendars are great but since the pandemic they're not really all that accurate. So I wouldn't base your entire trip around it cuz it's really not up-to-date data. It's not Yeah, they're just not all that accurate. As someone who comes quite a bit, they're they're wrong more than they're right unfortunately. Like if you want to do a certain park on a certain day, just do it. It's not It does not make that big of a difference. This Tiana's wait time is proving my point. Literally, it is 15 minutes. Literally 15 minutes to wait in this actual standby line for Tiana's. That is crazy. Here we go. I didn't get wet. Me either. They did. I love that part. Yeah, the armadillo part. Oh, this is my favorite. Let's go. [Laughter] I like it. Yeah. Haunted Mansion is 13 minutes, which means it's a walk-on. What in the world? Where is everyone? Like, this is insane. And the weather's nice. Like, the temperatures have dropped after the rain. It's actually a cool breeze. It's not super humid that you're like feel like you're trying to breathe underwater. This is nice. I take back everything I said about September being caught. This is not it. Mine train is 30 minutes, you guys. What the actual heck? Heat. [Applause] Heat. Yeah. Woo. Yeah. [Music] So, we have made it back to Hollywood Studios. We literally just missed the bus because we had like three different cast members stop the girls to want to give them stickers. So, we were just like on a sticker parade apparently. Um, but we finally got here, got to meet up with Ellie. So, thank you so much, Ellen, for the tickets. Like, I genuinely appreciate it. So excited. Like, we've never got to do Moonlight Magic. So, this was such a treat for us. So, literally getting pixie dusted by our internet fam was just like so cool. Um, and all of her family was so sweet. So, we have some Lightning Lanes left over. Um, once we decided we were coming back, I ended up being able to keep our Slinky Dog Lightning Lane. So, we're going to go do that. Um, and this seems pretty empty even compared or just like Hollywood or just like Magic Kingdom was. So, that's crazy. Um, I don't know where the crowds are, but I don't feel like they're terrible, especially for a holiday weekend on a on the actual holiday. Definitely not bad. [Music] We're doing it. Woo! Woo! Here we go. [Music] Yeah, boy. [Music] You got a friend in me. [Music] Thank you. [Music] We got our ice cream finally. Yep. That's the thing that we're looking forward to most. Lucy, are you happy? Awesome. Start right here. [Music] [Music] See you real soon. [Music] That is severely underrated. That was cool. That was good. Like that was super cute. I mean, the girls were mesmerized the entire time. And there was so many characters everywhere. There were just that was really cool. I know this is Lucy's birthday, but I think Dean's day entire trip potentially has been made because Darkling Duck is going to be meeting here. I've always seen people meet him at Moonlight Magic events, but I know it's always characters are subject to change and all this stuff. We looked at the pamphlet and he is going to be here. So Dean is so freaking excited. I'm so excited for him cuz he loves Dark Wing Ducks. Like true '8s kid fashion. I mean, who doesn't love Dark Wing Duck? But that's so so fun. So yeah, naturally we're in line for it. I think it's supposed to start meeting in about 6 minutes. It's a decent line. Probably 40, maybe 50 people, but it's I think it'll be worth it. Okay, thank you. Let's go dance at the pajama party. [Applause] Luna likes your tail. [Applause] [Applause] [Music] Damn it. I changed my mind. I couldn't do it. I I love the bar too much. [Music] Woo. [Music] Tonight, our friend and host Mickey Mouse uses his vivid imagination to create magical imagery for all to enjoy. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] All I got to do is show yourself. Show yourself. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh no. [Music] I can't Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Some imagination, huh? [Music] [Applause] [Music] just love the vibe of studios at night. It's just the glow. It is literally perfect. [Music] [Applause] Party day equals three ice creams, baby. Let's go. We're getting our tickets. Our admission to the park price gone. We've uh we've already done $60 plus dollars worth of ice cream. We ain't stopping now. There ain't no stopping us. Meow. [Music] Hey, howdy. Hey. My name is Woody and this is where toys come to play. Mommy for the win with the wipes. Always have wipes. [Music] Yeah. All right. I am going to stay it. Here we go. We'll see you in a minute. We're on Mania and I got to win this one. I just I got to win. Place your bets below. Is Ash and Bella taking it or Lucy and Dean? I don't want I'm just going to say it now. We won. I'm just saying it. I'm calling it. Calling it like I sees it. Lucy and Daddy for the win. Yeah. Here we go. All right. 200. Okay. If you hadn't won, it would have been close cuz Lucy got 44,000 and Bella got 40. So, they were 4,000 apart. I got 208 and you got 222 or 229. Mommy, did I beat you did? You beat 4,000 points. It's a good Hey, check this out. These are our numbers. Those are our numbers. Oh, that was a close game. That was a very close game. We're not competitive at all. This is pretty cool. [Music] [Applause] Yeah. Go go go go go. Woo. Yeah. Yes, Star Wars. That's right. No. Really? Really? [Music] Daddy, help me. How could I How could I not do this? They know. [Music] Hey. It's over. [Music] All right, we got to stay stay caught up. Guess what? Mommy's got I need to know. Mhm. Oh my. We have officially shut down our first Moonlight Magic event. Got a to- go cookie. Got a few more coupons. We may grab some bottles of water just cuz we didn't order groceries this time cuz it was our quick 48 hours and I'm like h we could just buy as we go. Probably should have ordered groceries. At least water it would have saved on that. But this is coming in handy. So we're get getting our waters. Then we're going to head out. But this was really fun. This was fun. This was cool. This Yeah, this was really cool. As if we didn't want more points already. This is not helping. Sweet. We've not bought any, but would be really cool. Well, that is going to do it for our big day for Lucy's birthday. We have put in the miles. Did you have a good birthday, baby girl? Yeah. Yeah. What was your favorite part of today? Uh, riding on this Flight of Passage. Yeah. Getting your Banshee. Mhm. Awesome. I wanted these for the whole time. Yeah. The whole birthday. Did you have the best birthday ever? Yes. See, the best part was um getting my banshee. Getting your Banshee. What other part did you like? H I don't know. You seem like you like the ice cream pretty good. Yeah. Got four and I got 30. Yeah. The birthday girl only got how many she wanted. Yeah, you got all you wanted, didn't you? Well, thank you guys for following along with our fun celebration here at Disney. It was a really good day and yeah, just the whole thing. It was perfect. We were able to pivot like it didn't go 100% the way we planned it, but it went amazing and I'm so glad we were able to pivot and do. And thank you again to Ellen for the tickets for the um sorry words it's late moonlight magic event. Um so that was super fun and thank you to Elizabeth for hosting us here at this gorgeous resort. So we've got one more day here at the Polly tomorrow for Lucy's 48 hours birthday trip. We're doing breakfast at Ohana, which is her request to eat with Stitch and the Lilo. So, we're going to do that. But thank you guys for watching. If you haven't already, click that thumbs up button, red subscribe button if you are new, and I will see you right back here in the next one. Bye-bye.
