---
video_id: _4_HwyMNkRI
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "27 HOURS at Disney World | Full Vlog"
published: 2026-03-05
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_4_HwyMNkRI
---
You've got 27 hours 32 minutes at Disney. What are you doing? Ashley, hello. Welcome to Orlando, both of you. I am your welcome committee and your all around Disney adult. Have a great time. Yeah. Good. How are you? just checking in. So, well, hello and cheers and welcome to 27 hours 32 minutes at Walt Disney World. We're here. We just checked in Montreal coming up behind us. We are checked in here at the Contemporary. We are staying in the Garden Wing, which is the first time for us. Very excited to be here. We are here. S's kids. >> We ain't got no kids. We ain't got no stroller. >> I don't know. Like I'm like, where do I put my drink? But we've got a long list of 28 things that we're going to do in roughly almost 28 hours. So, we're knocking a few off. Checking into the Contemporary was one of them. Getting coffee was another. >> Pink donut was another. >> So, we have we've kind of started out strong already and we are walking to the Magic Kingdom. We've got Lightning Lanes. We're excited. We have a little bit of time and we're taking you guys along for this very fun adventure. We're so excited to be here. >> I'm so pumped. >> I am. So, let's go have an amazing 27 hours and 32 minutes. Look at that. I'm going to beat him. I'm beating the Montreal. Yeah. Take that Montreal. Woo! First place. Okay, let's see if we can do this. Thank you. Heat. Heat. Woo! Space Mountain has been checked off the list. That is a lot of our attractions is we want to do favorites like we're getting ready to go hop on People Mover, but the other is to do attractions that we can't ride together because we have the girls or we can't sit together because we have the girls. So, we are doing all of the adult things that we can as a couple. So, we are soaking it up, but I have not ridden Space Mountain in years. >> How does THAT FEEL? OH my goodness. That was It was a lot. >> I knew the plane ride was kind of getting you this morning. >> Yeah, the plane ride was getting me and so that was just like >> did not help my headache that I woke up with this morning. So that was not helpful. Hopefully that'll go away. But people mover is going to be chill and relaxing. So we're going to go do that next day. Non-stop service around the world. It's so fun like riding things like the people mover. When you think about how many times have you rode that with Bella or Lucy? >> Oh, I know. just in your arms and tiny. >> Yeah, >> he's pretty cute. >> He's pretty cute. >> They're pretty cute. >> But we're not here to talk about kids. We're here We're here to have fun and be a couple. >> We're here for >> We're not parents right now. >> Cheeseburger spring rolls. >> That we are. So that we are. >> It's the best date night ever. >> Date day. >> Date day, baby. >> Hello. Oh, yum. Look at that. I mean, here we go. >> Do you like the sauce? >> Uh, not that one now. >> Oh, then. Cheers. >> Thank you. >> Right back. Babe, that's delicious. Look at that deliciousness. We're dissecting this. We're looking at it because I want to make these at home. >> I know you smashed that spring roll. >> It was really good. >> It is really good. I love these. >> I'm going to be honest. I don't think I remember having this sauce. It reminds me of the special sauce from like McDonald's or just any hamburger special sauce. >> It's all the same stuff. I wish they would have the spicy ketchup again. Or not spicy ketchup, but spicy mustard. They they had that for a while and it was like in the little like mustard packets, but they've not had it for I don't know, probably over a year now. >> I loved it. It was like you squeeze it on there. Oh, so good. >> So good. >> So good. >> That sauce. >> Yeah. You don't like I like this sauce. >> Yeah. >> Yum. >> All right. On to the next adventure. I want to walk through the emporium. Me? You want to walk through the emporium? That one's kind of cute, too. >> And it's purple. Giant pencil. Reminds me of the one I had when I first came. I love that cuz that's the kind of stuff I feel like my parents and like what I came as a kid that you got I I love this. It's It feels like Coco. Not late for one cowboy cave. I come back and look at this. Someone was shopping. >> I thought he told you when we came I was going to get this sweater like we didn't talk about. That's a good point cuz see the secret is when you find something that you truly like, you should get it or else it's going to be gone. And then you're going to spend 3 years looking for a necklace that never came back and then you ask the person that made it like, "Hey, you got some gold?" They're like, "No, we saw that a long time ago." That is going to do it for Magic Kingdom for now. Now we're going to hop over to Epcot. See what kind of fun we can have over there. Also looks like we may be skipping out on the rain. Maybe. That would be awesome. >> I would love to skip that. >> Walking into Epcot. We just got thrilled at it with a test track. >> Yeah. A text message with a test track return time of 1:35. We're just over here being like, >> I love it. I'm so excited. I was hoping we would test track, but it's been sold out for literally hours. So, I wasn't sure if it would even happen or not, but >> it's on our side >> and it's a really good time for us. >> It is. It's the best time. Like, it literally matches up like hour to hour. We have Guardians from 1:30 to 2:30 and now test track from 1:30 to 2:30. So, that's perfect. It's a race. How are you >> doing? Good. Have a great day. Thank you. >> Two for two. I win. Dish Posh. I talked to the cast member and asked how their day was. >> Yeah, that's true. >> I was being a nice person >> and nice people lose the races. >> Good always wins. >> Once Upon a Time. >> Yes, we're watching Once Upon a Time. >> Yes, we're going back and rewatching it. I love that show so much. >> I only remember stuff that happened up to season 3 and nothing past. So, I'm I'm excited to to get through season uh two and three. Chuck it, girl. Get it. >> I'm trying. >> Stay hydrated. >> I'm trying. I'm not doing very good at it, but I'm trying. >> Sometimes I can just easily drink water and then other times it is like >> the hardest. I don't know why it's like hard. Like I don't want to drink water right now. >> I don't want this. >> I don't know. It's weird. But we're hydrating. We're going to go have some fun. I'm so excited. I got test track >> cuz I was like, well, we could do a single rider. As we were talking about the point of this is like to ride together. >> Wonderful champagne. >> Oh, like I want to sit with you. >> I'm excited about it. You could heat. I am done. I THINK that was so good. >> I'm glad there's a break between test track and whatever ride we got next. Montreal. But as they say, I'm all shook up. Oh, >> I'm so shook up. I'm so excited though that we got Konga. That's that and September are my two favorite songs on that. So, the fact that we got that, I'm so excited. Just keep it off. Poking me in the eye. I've not heard a card go by. People are still getting in line. Change of plans. They are backing up for a reason. Um the cast member out front was like, "They're going to be temporarily delayed. We've not, even since we stepped out of Guardians, heard a car go by. So, it's probably going to be down. So, as shook up as we feel. >> Yeah. >> We're going to walk through World Showcase and continue on with our plan cuz we got some one more thing. We want to eat here and then we're going to head over to Hollywood Studios with a pit stop on the Skyliner along the way. But, I'm so excited. We're checking off some stuff. I think we were actually going to get everything done. >> Yeah. everything. >> If it was open, >> we've got the lightning. Everything's perfect. But it just >> so shook up and it's just like I feel like it is Disney giving us the sign of maybe I shouldn't know what's right now. >> Yeah. It's Fsburg. I used to live there. >> Oh my god, dude. Great. I'm getting tempted by the mozzarella. Let's go. >> Mozzarella has been acquired. >> All right, let's see what we got here. We got a fritter. Got some pesto. >> It is warm. >> That's good. >> Oo, cheese bowl. >> Look at the cheese bowl. Yeah, you can grab it. >> Yeah, let's do it. Cheese bowl. Oh my goodness. One of us is going to end up without cheese. I'm going to tear >> like your scissors. >> All right. What are you going for first? >> Oh, I don't know. I guess marinara. >> Those are good. >> Mhm. Oh, okay. Try the middle one. >> I like the pesto. >> Mhm. The pesto is really good. >> All right. I needed that. I was getting hungry. 10 out of 10. Do recommend next time this place comes around. >> I know. Cuz tomorrow is the last day of the festival. So >> it is over so soon. >> It was so good. >> Yeah. That was delicious. Yum. Yeah, it's over. >> Purple wagger bun. >> Oh my gosh, I'm so excited about that. >> Thank you for today. Thank you, Lord, for safe travels, keeping us safe. And >> lunch has arrived. Got the beef pan from the festival booth, which festival of the arts right now. And then we got the beef udon from inside Katsura Grill in Japan. Love it. Wow. That was a needed top off. That was delicious. >> Much much needed. Oh my goodness, >> that was fantastic. >> Also, it helps with my headache. So, I'm so grateful for that. I'm like, this is supposed to be a fun day. >> Oh my goodness. Yeah, I'm I'm genuinely glad that is improved. So, right, I think that's when I round out Epcot. So, let's journey onward. Time for Joffrey's round two and our favorite Joffre in all of the Disney World. >> Yum. Can't have you bring up Pizza planet planet. pizza. >> Yeah, boy. Makes it all beautiful. I can set Star World. >> So, we strolled through World Showcase. We Skylinered the Studios. So, we rode Slinky Dog. We got to do Jack Jacks and Mickey minis and that'll have us checked off for our stuff here. >> All right, >> we're doing great. Doing everything. This is not a relaxing day. No. Scratch the market. We got to go to the Jack Jack spot. They said they all out of cookies over here. Over there. Hopefully they got them. The >> cookies going to be 7:44. Thank you so much. >> Enjoy. Have a good day. >> Say hi. >> Got it. >> It's Jack Jack's time. >> It's still warm. They're only good when they're warm, though. >> I know we say this every time we do a mom and dad trip video. I feel like I'm forgetting something. Like I constantly all day have just felt like I have walked off and forgotten something. Hooray! Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, 2 3 1 2 3 Oh, excellent. And thanks for sticking with me. Hi picnicers. Told you nothing was going to go wrong. Before we wait on our bus, quickly wanted to say hi and welcome back if you are a returning subscriber. Been around the channel for a bit. Hey girl, hey, welcome back. So, if you're here and if you are new, hi. My name is Ashley. This is my channel. This is my husband Dean and we are huge Disney fans and love coming and bringing our family. our two little girls are typically with us if you are new. But love sharing tips, tricks, and hacks for planning the best Disney family vacation cuz it can be a lot and especially with kids, it can be, no pun intended, a whole new world. So, if that is content that interests you, go ahead. I would love it if you'd click the red subscribe button down below or if you are fancy dancy watching on your TV, you can scan this your little QR code here, open up the camera app on your phone, point it towards the QR code, it will do the rest. Tap that. You tap the red subscribe button and you are part of our little internet fam. Cost you nothing to subscribe and it gets you some Disney magic in your subscription feed. But we are having the wind is just we are having the best 27 and 1/2 hours here at Disney. I'm starting to get tired. The more I sit, the more I'm like, okay, 4:30 a.m. was a long time ago. So, I'm like slowly crashing, but our room is ready. It's been ready since what, about 11:00, I think, um, at Contemporary. So, we're going to head over there and go get checked in. We left his backpack with all the change of clothes and hotel room stuff there with Bell Services. So, we're going to pick that up, go ahead and have the room set up, maybe take the power naps. Depends on timing and everything. But want to go ahead and have everything there and ready because our plan is to shut down Magic Kingdom. >> Shut her down, baby. >> We're just We're gonna knock it out. So, we'll see though how that goes. I'm hoping, fingers crossed we can. We have a very early morning. >> Yes. Absolutely. Definitely shutting it down with ice cream. >> Exactly. Cuz we're adults and we can make bad decisions if we want to. >> That's right. >> We're Disney, so like calories and all that stuff doesn't count, right? >> I don't think so. But thank you guys for coming along with the journey so far. We obviously have a bit more to go, but wanted to introduce ourselves and that way you know kind of who you're hanging out with for a little bit if you are new around here. Here we are. Oh, >> these are spacious. >> Look at these pillows. >> Mhm. It's incredibles themed. You can see the resort. >> This is a light >> boat dock. The door, I think, does open. Yeah, it does open. Obviously, there's no balcony, but you can at least open the door. This >> is wild. >> Hear the sounds of the resort. Fresh air. I love it. The golden hours beaming in through over the concourse. Beautiful. That is beautiful. Our nap has been taken. That was not on the agenda. We ended up switching out test track for nap time so that we could keep our same number of things. Um >> they did end up giving us a like use wherever. >> Yes, we did get a multi-experience pass not long after we walked off. So that ended up being a good decision to just go ahead and skip out of line cuz we were able to grab lunch and everything then. But we're back out. We're somewhat recharged. As much as a 15 20 minute nap can recharge you. And we're going to head over to the Polly Dean picked us to head over to Tamboo Lounge and get some noodles and wings. So, >> let's go have a good time with Polly. Dinner has arrived. Double Oana noodles. Chick sticky chicken wings. Chicken. I'm so excited. >> Get in my belly. >> Three. We're not defeated. >> Bam. >> Chicken wings and noodles. Done. Demolished. >> Absolutely demolished. I think we inhaled those. I think we were hungry. We >> may have been a little hungry. >> Maybe a little bit. We're on our way to the Magic Kingdom. You like my song? >> That's very good. >> I just came up with it. That's pretty good. You're thinking you should have brought your rain jacket. It's getting a little chilly out here. Chilly Willy. >> Yeah, >> I should have brought my rain jacket. Even though Neverland is an island and pretty beachy, it does get cold there a lot because it's windy. >> You think you're funny, don't you? >> No. >> I was trying to give the dad joke of all. >> So bad. >> race race. She won. >> Yeah, definitely. Can I get a latte mocha latte made the reason I thought I caught your eyes. I saw you smile. I'm not going to go away. You ready for Tron? >> I am ready for Tron. We have not ridden it in so long and we've never done a night ride. So, I'm excited. >> Caffeine's kicking in. We're going to close IT OUT on top. Let's go. Good. >> Awesome. >> Thank you. >> Sorry to say you too. Oh, you're purple. >> All the way through. >> With the lightning lane. It is. Okay. >> That's a shorty, but a goodie. It is. >> It is very short. Very good. There was no one here for the Tangled photo op. So, we literally walked right up. They were finishing with the family. We got to take our photo and we're keeping on going. We're hoping to catch the second parade tonight. Um, and when it's a second parade, they just started doing this, but it's going to go backwards. So, it's going to leave from Frontier Land, where the first parade on nights that there's two parades. The first one will come from Main Street and go that way. The second one will come from Frontier Land and go towards Main Street, kind of like ushering people out of the park instead of going the opposite direction. So, but on parades, nights that it's just one parade, it'll do go the normal direction, but the second one will do the reverse. So, we're hoping to watch it from Frontier Land and then we'll head out and walk back over to Contemporary, but we've got like 8 minutes until parade starts. So, I think we'll be okay. And it seems like the wind chill and the feels like 41° weather is running people out of here sooner than later. So, I don't think it's going to be hard to grab a spot. It was hard to get a spot, you guys. I'm kidding. It was not hard to get a spot. Like you see, there's like no one anywhere. >> I'll be like, "They waved at me. They waved at me." >> It's like our own private parade. Like there's maybe maybe 50 people over here watching. >> I don't know if it's that high. >> Yeah, I'm like I'm being a little generous probably just like in this whole area, but yeah. >> An old frontier thing. >> Well, you know, true. True. I'm telling you, when it says 51° but feels like 41 or 53 and it feels like 41, >> they're hitting the door. I don't blame them. I'm starting to get cold, too. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Have you ever seen a star sparkle like this before? >> Oh, it's so magical. If you wanted to watch the second parade twice, you genuinely could watch it in Frontier Land. Look it over here. And then also watch it come again at Main Street. It was wild. You don't want to do what I want to do. All right. Well, after 27,500 steps, it's time for bed and we will see you in the morning, which is going to be like seconds for you guys, but thankfully a relatively 7 hours for us. So, good night, sweet street. All right. Well, good morning. We're out. I Yes, I am wearing the same sweatshirt, same ears. I only brought one pair of ears. It was 27 hours. There's no need for two ears. But I have a my sweater that I was going to wear under this, but it is 40. Feels like >> 42 feels like 32. >> Yeah. So, I'm layering up. I'm glad I brought a pair of leggings to go under my jeans cuz I feel I feel a little bit like a marshmallow, but it feels good. Thankfully, >> thank you. But we are off to Animal Kingdom. So, let's go drop our bags and jump on a bus. Now, flamming goes. Oh, we got a pickup order for the TV. We missed it on our last trip, but we're doing it this time. We're literally coming here just for breakfast and then leaving. >> Knocking off them things on the list. >> Yep. We're literally rope dropping the quick service during early entry. >> We have priorities. All right. >> I mean, look at that. That's amazing. Thank you so much. >> Perfect. Thank you. Breakfast is acquired. You think we'll be able to find a seat? >> I don't think that'll be an issue. >> All right. So, what did we get? >> So, we've got the French toast. >> And it's a blueberry cream cheese with that. And then the beef and frittata. So, it's a veggie frittata. And then the chim churi. I always feel like I'm saying that one wrong. Um, >> and that's exactly the song I think about every time I say it. Um, but it's beef and we love that. It usually comes on the noodle bowls for lunch and dinner. And we've got the uh iced coffee or like cold brew. >> Tell the hubbub. >> It is pronounced ube. Excuse me. So am is a vibrant purple tuber or yam. It is distinct packing high levels of antioxidants. So it's healthy coffee. >> All right, let's go. >> I love that we both came to that conclusion. It is good though. >> I'm sorry I've not even let you try it. >> That is good. >> I was not expecting that. >> I would get that in a heartbeat. >> I know. >> That's delicious. >> I really I enjoy that. It's not too strong cuz sometimes the Joffre cold brews can be so >> they're just like almost like it's to me it almost tastes like it's been like overroasted. It's just like the beans were burnt. They have been like I want to try this protein. I'm imagining that's butter. >> Oh, cream cheese. >> You like I don't think that's butter. >> There's no butter. >> That's good. >> Mhm. >> This is really good. >> That's awesome. All right. Fancy French toast. I would get everything on every single every single one of these things again. >> Mhm. Absolutely. >> After action breakfast review. Delicious. >> Was very delicious. Would 1,000% come get that again. >> 10 out of 10. I feel like they haven't always had breakfast. Or maybe I'm just not remembering that they've always had breakfast. Or maybe it was different. I don't know. But this was really good. So, I think that's such a good addition. I know we're a little late to the game on getting breakfast here, but that was good. So good. >> I already love lunch and dinner, but like that's really good, too. >> So good. Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming. Swimming. Swimming. What do we do? We swim. We swim. Is that everything on the list? >> That's everything on the list for Animal Kingdom. >> All right. >> We were going to get coffee in Asia with the coconut coconut Joffre that we like, but since we got that coffee, >> I think that should suffice. >> It's also cold, so I don't really want another frozen drink right now. >> Yeah. A little pit stop for the magnet, though. There was nobody there. So, I mean, >> we're like, "Oh, man. If it's too this too crazy, we're we're not going to be able to get it." >> But it's not too crazy. >> It's not too crazy at all. >> We are so excited. >> I feel like we're walking the wrong direction. Everybody else is going that way. >> I know. I'm just wondering if we can go this way to exit. >> Running B-roll. Running B-roll. We're going to 26. >> Can't run. >> I feel like they're leaving. Contemporary. >> Well, it says Wilderness Lodge. I don't know if it's Contemporary, too. No, that's just wilderness. >> Okay, we're not running anymore. We're just going to contemporary. Heat. Heat. Don't run softly. That's it. Maybe he's coming back around. >> I think he's turning around. Yeah, he is. Change of plan. It is so windy out there. >> So, we're going to go hop on a Montreal. >> Yeah, the boat has tried to dock. Um, >> four times >> five times now and the wind keeps blowing them off. So, yeah, we're going to go take >> Are you headed to the boat? >> They cannot dock that. They've tried five times. >> Oh my goodness. It is so windy. Like, it was trying to get the boat. It was trying. >> I was trying so hard. I feel so bad for him. >> She was like, "I'm trying." He was like, "We see you." >> He was trying so hard. Yeah. It's just so windy. There's no way. >> No. >> So, we only have 2 hours left before our transportation picks us up. So, we're like to abandon, but we got to go. We got to keep moving. >> We're going up the stairs. We're going up the stairs cuz we don't have a stroller. Thank you. >> The ankle getters. >> Trip with the ankle getters. >> All right, we got 1 hour 31 minutes until we get picked up. >> That's what I'm about to see. >> Castle. >> It is Mickey Castle. >> I'm so glad that it's this one and not that dinky one from California. That's what I was thinking about that cuz that's what Lucy said that one time after we went to California. She's like, "Yeah, this is a big castle, not that tiny itty bitty little castle." >> I mean, the kid doesn't lie. >> The camera. >> That's what I kept seeing happen. That's what I was going to run over. >> Yep. It works. We got a good one and nothing hit the ground. Oh my gosh, this wind. No way. I can't believe >> I know unnecessary touching about to get a photo with a castle in the background. Maybe >> like a shell. >> Maybe your express train keeps on rolling through the future. Heat. Heat. All right, Joffre, >> we're on a mission. >> We are >> a mission to s'mores. >> Also, I had to take a second. Thank you guys for saying hi. I just met the two sweetest subscribers getting ready to get on People Mover, Rachel and Lindsay. It was so nice to meet you ladies. And thank you again, Rachel, for the cup. I know I said thank you in person, but literally like he walked away and I like cried. And so it was just so so sweet. She ended up Hold on, I'll get the cup out and show you guys. It was so kind of her. She's like, I just bought this and it's your favorite color. And so she just like gave me this tumbler and I'm like, I'm going to take it home and have iced coffee in it. I was so excited. But thank you. Like I just you guys constantly overwhelmed me with just how sweet and kind the internet's not always like that. and the fact that I have like the best internet fam in the world. I I just appreciate you guys so much. So, thank you. Thank you for loving us and thank you for being so sweet and so kind. It is It's wonderful. It's so nice to have just the little happy sliver of sliver of the internet. I'm so grateful for you guys. >> STITCH. You see Stitch? >> Stitch >> right there. >> Snacks have been acquired. >> Oh yeah. >> Wish we had time for the omnibus. >> That'd be so cool. >> That would be I love riding the top of the omnibus. Morning. >> How are you? >> How you doing? >> Good. We've made it right back to the Orlando International Airport and one last stroll through a gift shop. Sans's kids. So, we are enjoying that. Soaking up all the time. This was amazing. I enjoyed getting to spend time with my favorite person in my favorite place. It was amazing. I'm so grateful that the flights worked out, the day worked out, had mom that could watch the kids, and that Robin was so sweet to reach out and host us for that night. It's just absolutely incredible. So, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And also just wanted to say thank you guys for being here. Thank you for being seriously I know I say this all the time, but you are the sweetest internet fam in the world. You are gems. I absolutely love meeting you guys in the park. So please always say hi. It's so nice to say hi, maybe hug your neck and just thank you for watching. It's so fun and such an honor to be part of your magical memories and helping you guys have and plan amazing Disney vacations with your own families. And it is just it's such a joy. So, I love you guys. Thank you for being here. Thank you for watching. And we'll see you next time.
