---
video_id: AOifowEqfpc
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "SPRING BREAK at DISNEY | Flying Spirit, Caribbean Beach + Hollywood Studios Evening"
published: 2026-03-26
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOifowEqfpc
---
Welcome to Disney World Vlogs travel. >> So many birds. >> And with that, we are off to spring break at Disney World. Excited that you guys are coming along. We're getting the bags checked and then we're all going to go catch a plane. And you guys are virtually coming along for our spring break adventure. All right. Spring break travel usually means crowds everywhere, but we got really lucky. And I give a lot of that credit to the fact that we flew out on a Tuesday versus a Saturday, Sunday as soon as the kids got out of school kind of time. Our flights were cheaper and honest to goodness, it just went really smoothly. We didn't have any flight delays. And we were flying Spirit, y'all. Okay, I know. I I love them. I don't usually experience a lot of delays, but sometimes people do. And I just have to say this was the most unstressful travel day. We got there a little earlier. We got to sit and eat our breakfast because we had a 9:00 a.m. flight, 9 something a.m. versus a 6:00 a.m. flight, which was great. We sucked our coffee. The kids played in the little playground. It was great, you guys. You ready? Maybe it's because we aren't doing carryons and fighting for bin space, but we love boarding last. You guys, if you have not tried that strat, do it on your next trip if you can and you're not needing that bin space because the kids are not in their seats longer and it just works really well. Pull the mask to start the flow of oxygen. You must remove your face covering by placing the oxygen mask over your nose and mouth. Place a elastic band around your head and pull on the There are safety information cards in the seatbacks in front of you that illustrate the safety equipment on this aircraft. You may use the card to follow along instructions including this seat belt and then look inside. I don't know why the flight safety manual is so entertaining, but seriously, if you are not getting the most out of that activity first before you pull anything else out of the bag, you're just missing out. Mama, take those Clorox wipes, roll the dice. I don't care what you do, but let them play with it. This This is called a long fish. All right, go. You got to go now. You got to go. You got to walk. It's not our >> left. Here we go. There are thousands of things that you can splurge on when it comes to your Disney vacation, but to me, one of the things that I will forever be splurging on is private transportation to and from the airport. The fact that you are not having to pile on a bus, you're not having to stop at four or five different resorts. You're not dragging it out. You have extra hands with the luggage is just worth every penny for me as a mom traveling with young kids. So, I will have their QR code here on the screen. Code down below. We've been using these guys for almost 3 years now and they have been the sweetest. We have officially made it to Carvian Beach. We're all checked in. Waiting on our room text. It is Yeah, my watch is doing something crazy. Doesn't even tell me the time. But we've all checked in. Got our mobile order placed for pizza cuz that is first on the agenda is Happy Bellies. Huh? Ready for Happy Bellies? Go for pizza. Disney Mickey Mouse French fries. But we're going to get some food, head over to the pool while we wait on our room to be ready, and then we're going to have some fun. Oh yeah. Heat. All right, we are relaxing at the pool. Girls are swimming. We're all sunscreened up and ready for some fun. And of course, we just got the room test. So, we're going to hang out here at the pool for a little bit longer, then head over, get the room set up, do the whole thing. We've got some plans. We want to hop into Hollywood Studios this evening. We've got to set the room up and get it ready for the week. And feel like there was something else. Oh, getting to these flights. That is on the priority list since we are right here. So, that's a must do. But we're going to enjoy some pool and some sunshine. I'm so glad it is not cold at Disney anymore. So excited. But >> it's a little hot. I like it. >> I like it. I I love the heat. It's It's fantastic. But we're going to have to find take you guys along for the rest of our arrival day, travel day here at Disney World. And I'm so glad you're here. I see it. I see our room number 251. Here we go. >> Yay. We got a corner room. >> That's your favorite. >> Usually we leave our bags with Bell services, but we were like, I feel like as soon as we drop them off and get to the pool, they're going to call us and say the room's ready. So, we're like, we'll just hold on to the bags and get them. That way, as soon as the room is ready, we can just take him and go to the room. Now that we've made it to the room, first duty is making the phone calls. So, we're calling Bell Services cuz we need groceries delivered to our room that we had delivered from Walmart earlier today, and I'm going to need some bumpers. So, let's make this happen. Hi, Ally. My name's Ashley. Um, we are just checked in in here at Caribbean Beach and I was wanting to see if I could have three of the bed bumpers um, sent to our room as well as two extra blankets. Thank you so much. >> You as well. Bye. >> Hi there. Um, we just checked into our room and I was wanting to see if we could have you guys bring our Walmart grocery order to our room. Um, it is 25501 is the room number and it's Ashley Wright is the name on the order. Perfect. Thank you. Thanks. Have a great day. Let's do this. Kicked Dean and the girls out of the room so that I can start unpacking. They're like, "Can we go to the sand? Can we do this? Can we do that? Can we go to the playground?" I'm like, "You take them or else it's going to be nothing but 20 questions for 20 minutes while we unpack this." I do not mind unpacking. It's kind of therapeutic. It's quiet. You hear that? Nothing but the air conditioner and the vibes playing on the TV. It's a magical mom moment. Okay, but I'm going to start unpacking and you're going to do it with me. So, let's let's do this really quick before they come back. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. All right. You ready to watch some Mickey cartoons? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> We can see from here. >> Oh, that's cool. Classic cartoons. There you go. If you have two kids sleeping in a bed and you have not tried the bed divider trick, you totally should. Grab a bumper, put it in the middle, split the bed, everybody has a zone, and then you have boundary lines. You can say, "Hey, you got to stay on your side. You've got to stay on your side." And trust me, it cuts down a ton on the squabbbling that can ensue because they're sharing the same bed. Right, it is a bit later. It is actually 5:04 to be very specific, but we are off to the Skylliner Hop. We're headed over to Hollywood Studios. It is beautiful. It is great. We had showers. We smell like sea salt soap and lotion. And I love it. Full Disney mode. We got the bubbles going and everything. So, we're going to pop into Hollywood Studios for just a bit. We are walking over from our room. We are in the Martin section. It's the only section of the resort here at Caribbean Beach that we have actually not stayed in. Um, we've done Aruba twice, Jamaica once, um, Barbados once or no. Have we stayed in Barbados? That one for sure. Trinidad. I think Barbados too, but that was the last one. So, we're checking that out. I love it because of its proximity to Riviera. I think that is fantastic. That was by exact reason. We're also requesting that other than it's a section we've not stayed in. But, I am so excited. We're timing the walk to see like how far cuz it does seem like it is the farthest section from the Skylliner Hub. So, we'll report back on how far that walk is. So far, it's not bad. It's nice. We're walking past the playground. We're strolling. taking in the sights and the sounds of Caribbean Beach. So, it is really beautiful. But that is what our plan is for today. We're going to do non long line activities. We'll see what the wait times are like for rides, that sort of thing. We do not have lightning lanes for today. Um I am a take it easy on arrival day kind of person. And I'm not like we're buying lightning lanes, we're making free dining reservations. And like that's just yeah, we're just like, okay, we're going to we're going to ease into the trip. We're going we're going to set up our room. We're going to do the thing, unpack, get ready for the week. But we are very excited to be here. Excited to have some warm weather and not be three sweatshirts deep in cold. So I'm very, very excited for this trip. I don't see any pink donuts. I can't get one. Can I get two of the frozen toffee flights? Um, just one of them with no whipped cream, please. >> Thank you. What is that? >> We just got pixie dusted. But well, thank them. But with a pixie dust, they gave it to us for free. >> Those are so good. >> Favorite strawberries. Have to say favorite draw. >> Hands down. Best. I love it. We're staying here just for that. That's all we're doing here. Done. Let's go home. That seems a little That's a little extreme. We're not going home yet. Bubbles up though. I was wearing the cup holders, but they fit perfect. I love an inline stroller in the skyline. I'm like, I was trying to figure every single way around having to take a double. You push it. >> I just It's so much easier pushing it on. You get to walk on and hold your coffee. You don't have to carry the stroller. Hey, turn those off inside. >> That's against the gondola rule. >> No screaming and no bubbles for the gondola rule. That's against the rule. >> Welcome aboard the Disney Caribbean Beach Resort. So, Throughout his life and career, Walt Disney had a passion for >> So, the walk from Martineique all the way over to the Skylander Hub took about 10 minutes. Excuse me, ma'am. >> What's the rule? >> Okay. So, it took about 10 minutes. We grabbed coffee, got on. Um, I forgot to stop it. So, it's at 19 minutes at the point we got on. >> So, 19 minutes if you stop for coffee and you have to wait like a minute or two for waiting in line. So, I would say 10 minutes walk from that section to the Skylleriner hub, which is not terrible. There's maybe better sections if you just want that really super quick access, but I like how quiet Martinique seems to be so far. So, that part I am loving. And also, it's really close to Riviera, so there's that. Since we've been hanging out for a little bit, I quickly wanted to introduce myself. Hi, my name is Ashley and welcome to my channel, Pixie Dusted Mom. I'm so excited you are here and kicking off our spring Disney World trip vlog series. That is a total mouthful. We're going to work on that throughout the rest of the week. But I'm so excited you're here. If you are not part of our little internet fam, we would love to have you. >> Walk the red carpet. Remember to double check your stared itinerary. But to do that, either click the red subscribe button below if you're old school, or if you're watching on TV, which is like super popular, you can also open the camera app on your phone, point it towards that QR code, scan it, and then do follow the rest on your cell phone and become part of the internet fam. We would love to have you. It is also free, by the way. Not little add-ons or anything. So, it is totally free to subscribe and be a part, but we would love to add some extra magic to your subscription feed. >> Thank you. Only one part I did the light part where it shows everything. >> Yeah, we made it. Now some money. >> Yeah, that smells good. >> I don't know what it is, but it smells so good. >> You had the frozen lemonade. That was your treat. WHAT ARE YOU TRYING to do? >> Let's go with Egypt. >> Right there. Do you see a balloon >> right here? Okay. Do you see a knit sweater? Once again, as you come in, feel free to find your favorite row. >> I'm back. >> Oh, boys. >> Real soon. Bye-bye, everyone. >> Potato land. >> Potato land. Potato land. Oo, look. Star Wars is five minute wait. >> It was just a fiveminute wait. >> There's a reason it's a five minute wait. >> On the box. >> You think those are Pumba's footprints? She said those are Pumba's footprints. >> Look at these droids. >> We're almost there. >> Okay, hold on. We're going to go up the ramp and go to dinner. >> Here's your table right here. All right, sweet. Who's hungry? You want to move inside there? >> Yes. >> Do you want it with corn relish and white rice, macaroni and cheese and vegetables or white rice and roasted vegetables? >> White rice, roasted vegetables. >> Okay. Do you want cilantro on it? >> Yes. >> Excuse me. Sorry. >> Arms back. Arms back. Make space, please. I got to go back to the water. Can I open it? >> Did you open it? >> I am super hungry. That's why. >> You didn't do it. >> I think I told you I super >> You didn't eat your broccoli. >> No. I didn't eat my noodles. NOODLES. NO. OO, spicy chicken on rice. Yum. Lucy is now eating Bella's. Bella is munching on ms. And is munching on? >> Yes. Millennium Falcon. The app said 15-minute wait. Uh the girls kind of freaked out and they're like, "Yeah, 15. Let's go. I can wait in line for that. I can do that without I won't complain one bit." They're like, "All right, cool. Let's go." So, we're going to go hop on Millennium Falcon. Ashley's not feeling too hot cuz travel days usually with the airplanes, stuff like that get her. So, we're going to go hop on Millennium Falcon. Whoa, we got space royalty. I am not. Let's do it. >> Wa. ONLY go left and right. LOSE LEFT AND RIGHT. THE OTHER WAY >> I don't know. Looks like a little bug. I don't know. Weird. All right, come on. >> No, you did not like it. Now, >> I like this a lot. >> She said I didn't like it this time. >> Well, I like some of it, but she likes going left and right. She went up and down this time. >> I mean, naturally. >> Yeah. >> The other is far more fun. Yes, >> lemonade. >> Lemonade. >> Know about that lemonade. Blue milk. >> Oh, how the mighty have fallen. >> Wo. >> For spring break, the crowds don't seem terrible tonight. Like weights don't seem awful. >> No. Like most things are like a half hour right now. >> Yeah. Considering the crowd calendars, like it's like an eight out of 10. I don't feel like this is terrible. It doesn't feel like an 8 out of 10. >> No. >> Museum so we can watch the hopper show. >> Hopper. You'll see >> the original picture for the sleeping beauty. All right, let's keep going, girls. >> What? >> This is the tropical Americas. >> Tropical Americas. >> You got the pyramid in the back. That's going to be where dinosaur was. >> It's going to be Indiana. >> Yeah. >> Golf course. >> It's not a golf course. >> All right. Hey, hands off the glass. >> It's just a little cartoon. >> Which one? >> Okay. Show me. >> Oh, you're under Dumbo. Yeah, she wanted to go under Dumbo. >> Bella, what do you want to ride? >> Tower of Terror. Both of you. >> Mommy's never ridden the Tower of Terror. >> Yeah. >> I don't think Mommy can handle the Tower of Terror. Not in an airplane ride in the same day. >> No. Like I said, the the airplane ride travel day is a no bueno for Mama Ashie. >> No. Goodness. Five o'clock was a long time ago. Um, it's a 25 minute wait, so it's up to you. >> Bella, you sure you want to go ride the Tower of Terror? So, in the, uh, preview for the Hopper movie, um, they tell you >> it will be funny and you will laugh. And we got out and Lucy goes, that just that wasn't funny. I feel like it's more after seeing like the commercial I was like, "Okay, we might see that in theaters." But then after seeing the preview here, I'm more like, "Eh, that's more of a Disney Plus movie." >> I think we're just going to wait >> and we'll stay at that. >> No rush. >> Like I don't want to go drop $40 to $50 for us to go to the movie. >> Especially if she's already walking out of a 5minute premium. Like that wasn't funny. Yeah, that's supposed to be the highlights and get you going. >> Yeah, it >> it didn't sell. >> Nope. Nope. It definitely got us going >> to see something else. >> True. True. >> And Bella wanted to ride the Tower of Terror. But she said if Lucy doesn't ride it, then she doesn't want to ride it today. So, we may go relax because 5:00 a.m. was a long time ago. And uh we got a big day tomorrow. >> You two have fun. >> Huggy. >> Huggy. >> Quick. Huggy. I love you. >> Where's Lucy? >> All right. Tower of Terror time. >> She's over there. >> Bye, Lucy. >> Bye, Lucy. Love you, Bella. >> Love you. >> All right, so Daddy and Bella are off to ride Tower of Terror, and I think we're going to head towards the hotel room. >> Oh, >> are you ready, Belle? >> Yeah. I don't know about ice cream today and tomorrow. >> You already had your lemonade. That was your treat for the day. It's like a It's just LIKE A SCREEN THERE. AND the And like the seats are like moving around a little ride together. You're left. >> You can sit right beside me. >> Straight like instead of doing any turns or lefts or or any right like it's just straight to Caribbean Beach. It's like going only straight to Caribbean Beach turn and then turn again and then turn and then turn. That would be good also. We got the beach all to ourselves again. >> Those boys are doing good. >> They are doing good, aren't they? >> I love it. >> Okay. So, the only part of that that you liked is when you can see the whole view from up there. >> Before we head to the room. >> Yeah. Let's see if there's anything else that I pull up. >> Oo, all the resort merchandise. >> All right. >> Banana cabana shirt. Caribbean beach shirt. >> A I like the um lounge chair uh ornament. >> Turvvis. Oh my goodness. It is a stitch spot. in the Caribbean Beach Resort. You got the lounge fly, the ears. >> There's nothing I want shirt. >> No, those are ducks. What's up, duck? >> Yeah, they're not gooseies. >> No, no, no. >> Scared. >> No, they don't look scared at all. >> Do you think they look scared? No. >> I'm bored. >> Hi, bored. I'm Daddy. Oh, I think this is our room. >> All right. >> Push, push, push. Good job. We are ready for bed, which means it is officially time for our favorite thing of the day. So, all right. Here's here's the rules. You can only say one thing. The second rule is that there can be no repeats. >> So if someone says it, you got to pick a different thing. Okay. So let's see. Uh Bella, you go first. What was your favorite thing you did today? >> Playing in the sand. >> Playing in the sand. That's cute. >> Yeah. >> Right. Lucy, you want to go next? >> Daddy next. >> Daddy next. >> Millennium Falcon. That was a lot of fun. Can I say something? >> No, you got to say something else. >> That's the rules. What's something else that you >> Shopping with mommy see to find my new souvenir, but it's not a banshee. >> Not a banshee. >> Still the banshee. >> Oh, still the banshee. Okay. I thought you said it's not a banshee. I was like, wait, what happened? >> Since when? >> Since when? This is news to me. >> I want a banshee, too. >> Well, we'll see. >> Yay. >> All right. You're going have to hold out though. >> Yep. >> What was your >> All right. My favorite thing today. >> Having fun with your family. >> Yeah. Having fun with my family was a great one. >> I love that. That was my favorite part. Spending time with you guys. With that though, that is going to round out our video. I hope you enjoyed it. If you did, don't forget click the thumbs up button, red subscribe button, and I want to know since you're part of our honorary end of the video club now. Welcome to it if you're new to this section of a vlog. But if since you're still watching, sorry, I'm getting sleepy, losing my train of thought. What? You'll have to let me know. What was your favorite thing that happened in the vlog today? Or what is something that we did that you're like, "Oh my gosh, I want to do that, too." So, that is going to wrap up the video. Love you guys. Thank you for watching and we'll see you tomorrow for Epcot. >> Bye, guys. >> Bye. >> Bye. >> Whoa. >> Bye.
