---
video_id: 37CFpCyhU9Q
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "54+ Flights Later And We've Found Some of The Best and Worst Travel Toys"
published: 2026-01-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37CFpCyhU9Q
---
Hello you guys and welcome to episode Hello you guys and welcome to episode Hello you guys and welcome to episode number one of this best and worst travel number one of this best and worst travel number one of this best and worst travel series. Today we are jumping in to kids series. Today we are jumping in to kids series. Today we are jumping in to kids activities and I've got a few things to activities and I've got a few things to activities and I've got a few things to go through. So let's talk about it. It go through. So let's talk about it. It go through. So let's talk about it. It is January 2026 and I'm simultaneously is January 2026 and I'm simultaneously is January 2026 and I'm simultaneously prepping for a trip and trying to prepping for a trip and trying to prepping for a trip and trying to organize our travel gear. Is it a little organize our travel gear. Is it a little organize our travel gear. Is it a little much? Probably so. But it's January and much? Probably so. But it's January and much? Probably so. But it's January and it's kind of what you do. You just I it's kind of what you do. You just I it's kind of what you do. You just I have the itch to [music] clean up and have the itch to [music] clean up and have the itch to [music] clean up and declutter and organize and I don't know declutter and organize and I don't know declutter and organize and I don't know what it is. It's like nesting when what it is. It's like nesting when what it is. It's like nesting when you're pregnant. I'm not pregnant. But you're pregnant. I'm not pregnant. But you're pregnant. I'm not pregnant. But it's kind of like that phase. It's like it's kind of like that phase. It's like it's kind of like that phase. It's like a natural progression of the year. a natural progression of the year. a natural progression of the year. You're just like, I'm ready for the You're just like, I'm ready for the You're just like, I'm ready for the fresh year. I'm ready for a new start. fresh year. I'm ready for a new start. fresh year. I'm ready for a new start. I'm ready to have things organized and I'm ready to have things organized and I'm ready to have things organized and tidy in my home. So, I just feel like it tidy in my home. So, I just feel like it tidy in my home. So, I just feel like it goes with that. But before we get too goes with that. But before we get too goes with that. But before we get too far into this, I did quickly want to far into this, I did quickly want to far into this, I did quickly want to introduce myself. Hi, my name is Ashley introduce myself. Hi, my name is Ashley introduce myself. Hi, my name is Ashley here on my channel, Pixie Dusted Mom. here on my channel, Pixie Dusted Mom. here on my channel, Pixie Dusted Mom. I'm so glad you clicked on today's I'm so glad you clicked on today's I'm so glad you clicked on today's video, but I share all kinds of tips, video, but I share all kinds of tips, video, but I share all kinds of tips, tricks, and hacks for helping you have tricks, and hacks for helping you have tricks, and hacks for helping you have the best Disney vacation as a family. We the best Disney vacation as a family. We the best Disney vacation as a family. We are a family of four and I share from are a family of four and I share from are a family of four and I share from [music] the family perspective. So, if [music] the family perspective. So, if [music] the family perspective. So, if you are counting down to a Disney trip you are counting down to a Disney trip you are counting down to a Disney trip this year, I would love it if you would this year, I would love it if you would this year, I would love it if you would click that red subscribe button, share click that red subscribe button, share click that red subscribe button, share all of our tips, our wins, our losses all of our tips, our wins, our losses all of our tips, our wins, our losses along the way, and our vlogs to help you along the way, and our vlogs to help you along the way, and our vlogs to help you get excited [music] for your magical get excited [music] for your magical get excited [music] for your magical adventure at Disney World as well. But adventure at Disney World as well. But adventure at Disney World as well. But with that, to quickly kind of give a with that, to quickly kind of give a with that, to quickly kind of give a little overview, I have a 4-year-old, I little overview, I have a 4-year-old, I little overview, I have a 4-year-old, I have a six-year-old, little girl. So, we have a six-year-old, little girl. So, we have a six-year-old, little girl. So, we are going to be going through the things are going to be going through the things are going to be going through the things that have worked great for us and the that have worked great for us and the that have worked great for us and the things that haven't worked so great for things that haven't worked so great for things that haven't worked so great for us. So, I will be doing some us. So, I will be doing some us. So, I will be doing some decluttering and kind of sharing the decluttering and kind of sharing the decluttering and kind of sharing the thought process behind that during this. thought process behind that during this. thought process behind that during this. But I also wanted to share ages. I'll But I also wanted to share ages. I'll But I also wanted to share ages. I'll also try to let you know at what point also try to let you know at what point also try to let you know at what point we started using them. So, if you have a we started using them. So, if you have a we started using them. So, if you have a child that is younger than my girls and child that is younger than my girls and child that is younger than my girls and you see some of these things cuz some of you see some of these things cuz some of you see some of these things cuz some of them we've had for a few years, if you them we've had for a few years, if you them we've had for a few years, if you see them, I can let you [music] know see them, I can let you [music] know see them, I can let you [music] know what age they actually like started what age they actually like started what age they actually like started using these. That way, you can know using these. That way, you can know using these. That way, you can know whether it's worth the spend for trying whether it's worth the spend for trying whether it's worth the spend for trying out for your kid cuz they are all out for your kid cuz they are all out for your kid cuz they are all beautifully different. And then the last beautifully different. And then the last beautifully different. And then the last thing before we jump into the video is I thing before we jump into the video is I thing before we jump into the video is I would love for you to share your top two would love for you to share your top two would love for you to share your top two or three things that your kids love when or three things that your kids love when or three things that your kids love when you travel. I think it's so great that you travel. I think it's so great that you travel. I think it's so great that we can learn and try other things from we can learn and try other things from we can learn and try other things from each other. So I would love to hear your each other. So I would love to hear your each other. So I would love to hear your top three down in the comment section. top three down in the comment section. top three down in the comment section. But now with no further ado, no more But now with no further ado, no more But now with no further ado, no more housekeeping. Let's jump into this. For housekeeping. Let's jump into this. For housekeeping. Let's jump into this. For organizing purposes, I do have these organizing purposes, I do have these organizing purposes, I do have these little bins. They have lids, but I've little bins. They have lids, but I've little bins. They have lids, but I've got them laying in the other room. But got them laying in the other room. But got them laying in the other room. But they are got the little clear window so they are got the little clear window so they are got the little clear window so I can see what's in them. I have two of I can see what's in them. I have two of I can see what's in them. I have two of these sitting here. So, anything that's these sitting here. So, anything that's these sitting here. So, anything that's keep that I'm not taking on this current keep that I'm not taking on this current keep that I'm not taking on this current trip, but I do want to save for a future trip, but I do want to save for a future trip, but I do want to save for a future trip because we do really enjoy those trip because we do really enjoy those trip because we do really enjoy those activities, then those are going to go activities, then those are going to go activities, then those are going to go into these baskets. I'm also going to into these baskets. I'm also going to into these baskets. I'm also going to have a donate pile and a just straight have a donate pile and a just straight have a donate pile and a just straight garbage pile for things that are too garbage pile for things that are too garbage pile for things that are too used to give away to others. So, that is used to give away to others. So, that is used to give away to others. So, that is kind of what we're going to do with kind of what we're going to do with kind of what we're going to do with this. [sighs] this. [sighs] this. [sighs] There's quite a bit, but it's not as bad There's quite a bit, but it's not as bad There's quite a bit, but it's not as bad as it has been. We travel a lot with as it has been. We travel a lot with as it has been. We travel a lot with doing YouTube, sharing tips and tricks doing YouTube, sharing tips and tricks doing YouTube, sharing tips and tricks for family travel. We try a lot of for family travel. We try a lot of for family travel. We try a lot of products. So, the normal person probably products. So, the normal person probably products. So, the normal person probably doesn't have this, but with trying to doesn't have this, but with trying to doesn't have this, but with trying to test and share and do all the things, test and share and do all the things, test and share and do all the things, we've got a little bit of a lot. We've we've got a little bit of a lot. We've we've got a little bit of a lot. We've got stuff that people have sent us. So, got stuff that people have sent us. So, got stuff that people have sent us. So, here we go. So, starting out are these here we go. So, starting out are these here we go. So, starting out are these little suction toys. These are great. little suction toys. These are great. little suction toys. These are great. They've not played with them in a bit, They've not played with them in a bit, They've not played with them in a bit, but these are good. You can buy a pack but these are good. You can buy a pack but these are good. You can buy a pack of them. They're fun for the bathtub. of them. They're fun for the bathtub. of them. They're fun for the bathtub. We've started using those between 1, one We've started using those between 1, one We've started using those between 1, one and a half until my oldest is six now. and a half until my oldest is six now. and a half until my oldest is six now. And so these are fun for that. You could And so these are fun for that. You could And so these are fun for that. You could use these as also little travel pool use these as also little travel pool use these as also little travel pool toys. So you could keep a couple of toys. So you could keep a couple of toys. So you could keep a couple of them. They don't take up a lot of space. them. They don't take up a lot of space. them. They don't take up a lot of space. You could do that. You could have them You could do that. You could have them You could do that. You could have them as a table activity. Um so these are as a table activity. Um so these are as a table activity. Um so these are some that just because we've not played some that just because we've not played some that just because we've not played with them, they are still something that with them, they are still something that with them, they are still something that they will play with even now at 6. So they will play with even now at 6. So they will play with even now at 6. So I'm going to hold on to these. Oh, and I'm going to hold on to these. Oh, and I'm going to hold on to these. Oh, and as a little housekeeping, I will try to as a little housekeeping, I will try to as a little housekeeping, I will try to link things down below from the link things down below from the link things down below from the organizers to the activities so that you organizers to the activities so that you organizers to the activities so that you can go down and kind of check those out can go down and kind of check those out can go down and kind of check those out if you're like, "Oh my gosh, my kid if you're like, "Oh my gosh, my kid if you're like, "Oh my gosh, my kid would love that." Disclaimer though, I would love that." Disclaimer though, I would love that." Disclaimer though, I do make a small commission from that. do make a small commission from that. do make a small commission from that. So, if you are inspired, I would So, if you are inspired, I would So, if you are inspired, I would appreciate if you do shop the links. appreciate if you do shop the links. appreciate if you do shop the links. It's a small way to support the channel. It's a small way to support the channel. It's a small way to support the channel. You aren't charged any extra, but I do You aren't charged any extra, but I do You aren't charged any extra, but I do make a small percentage percent or two make a small percentage percent or two make a small percentage percent or two literally. It is not a lot, but I do literally. It is not a lot, but I do literally. It is not a lot, but I do make a small percentage off those items. make a small percentage off those items. make a small percentage off those items. So, if you want to click those links, I So, if you want to click those links, I So, if you want to click those links, I would appreciate it. Let's keep going. would appreciate it. Let's keep going. would appreciate it. Let's keep going. Okay, so these are great. I have these Okay, so these are great. I have these Okay, so these are great. I have these are like the plastically little bags. I are like the plastically little bags. I are like the plastically little bags. I also have some that are mesh. Um and also have some that are mesh. Um and also have some that are mesh. Um and maybe I'll get to some of those in here. maybe I'll get to some of those in here. maybe I'll get to some of those in here. Yeah, I see one right here. I'll show Yeah, I see one right here. I'll show Yeah, I see one right here. I'll show you in a minute. But I love these for you in a minute. But I love these for you in a minute. But I love these for both organizing because you can see this both organizing because you can see this both organizing because you can see this fits in here beautifully. Um but the fits in here beautifully. Um but the fits in here beautifully. Um but the mesh ones I prefer over the like mesh ones I prefer over the like mesh ones I prefer over the like plasticky ones. So if you're looking for plasticky ones. So if you're looking for plasticky ones. So if you're looking for a recommendation for those, um we have a recommendation for those, um we have a recommendation for those, um we have these little pencil cases. These are these little pencil cases. These are these little pencil cases. These are great. These are mesh. This isn't an great. These are mesh. This isn't an great. These are mesh. This isn't an activity, but these are things I'll put activity, but these are things I'll put activity, but these are things I'll put crayons and a little coloring book or crayons and a little coloring book or crayons and a little coloring book or stickers or things in here and make stickers or things in here and make stickers or things in here and make little activity packs. So, even little little activity packs. So, even little little activity packs. So, even little things like this, you can find them on things like this, you can find them on things like this, you can find them on clearance. You can find them at the clearance. You can find them at the clearance. You can find them at the dollar store. You can find them at dollar store. You can find them at dollar store. You can find them at Walmart, whatever. But these are great Walmart, whatever. But these are great Walmart, whatever. But these are great to be able to throw things into and make to be able to throw things into and make to be able to throw things into and make little cases. This is another little little cases. This is another little little cases. This is another little organizer that we have. Um, organizer that we have. Um, organizer that we have. Um, these stickers are fantastic. From about these stickers are fantastic. From about these stickers are fantastic. From about I'd say two two and a half, we have I'd say two two and a half, we have I'd say two two and a half, we have loved these. So, they're the little loved these. So, they're the little loved these. So, they're the little create a face. You can do Disney create a face. You can do Disney create a face. You can do Disney characters. You can do Nickelodeon characters. You can do Nickelodeon characters. You can do Nickelodeon characters. They've got Paw Patrol. Like characters. They've got Paw Patrol. Like characters. They've got Paw Patrol. Like all kinds of things. So, you can make all kinds of things. So, you can make all kinds of things. So, you can make your little face of the character. These your little face of the character. These your little face of the character. These are all little animals. So, we got the are all little animals. So, we got the are all little animals. So, we got the shark, we had the monkey, we have a shark, we had the monkey, we have a shark, we had the monkey, we have a tiger, and so you just stick the tiger, and so you just stick the tiger, and so you just stick the stickers on the face. And it is a little stickers on the face. And it is a little stickers on the face. And it is a little customizable thing. They're usually customizable thing. They're usually customizable thing. They're usually really inexpensive. And also, these are really inexpensive. And also, these are really inexpensive. And also, these are fun because you can usually have extra. fun because you can usually have extra. fun because you can usually have extra. And this is a little thing that you can And this is a little thing that you can And this is a little thing that you can do to spread pixie dust and cheer to do to spread pixie dust and cheer to do to spread pixie dust and cheer to others. If you see another kid melting others. If you see another kid melting others. If you see another kid melting down and the mom is like struggling, we down and the mom is like struggling, we down and the mom is like struggling, we have done this so many times or the have done this so many times or the have done this so many times or the girls that do that be like, "That little girls that do that be like, "That little girls that do that be like, "That little girl seems upset. Can I give her a girl seems upset. Can I give her a girl seems upset. Can I give her a sticker?" And she'll go and it'll be sticker?" And she'll go and it'll be sticker?" And she'll go and it'll be like immediately it helps the parent out like immediately it helps the parent out like immediately it helps the parent out cuz they're sitting there and they're cuz they're sitting there and they're cuz they're sitting there and they're like, "Oh, maybe their diaper bag's like, "Oh, maybe their diaper bag's like, "Oh, maybe their diaper bag's across the park in the stroller or across the park in the stroller or across the park in the stroller or whatever." And it's just so sweet. And whatever." And it's just so sweet. And whatever." And it's just so sweet. And so letting your kids also doing that and so letting your kids also doing that and so letting your kids also doing that and like letting them in on it, it's just like letting them in on it, it's just like letting them in on it, it's just kind of injecting that kindness into kind of injecting that kindness into kind of injecting that kindness into them. And so it's really sweet. They're them. And so it's really sweet. They're them. And so it's really sweet. They're inexpensive and is a sweet way to kind inexpensive and is a sweet way to kind inexpensive and is a sweet way to kind of spread the love. So love those. Those of spread the love. So love those. Those of spread the love. So love those. Those are great. Okay, this is crayons and are great. Okay, this is crayons and are great. Okay, this is crayons and scissors. So this is not actually travel scissors. So this is not actually travel scissors. So this is not actually travel activities. Those need to go to our um activities. Those need to go to our um activities. Those need to go to our um school room. This is a project that I school room. This is a project that I school room. This is a project that I want to do of adding in their signature want to do of adding in their signature want to do of adding in their signature cards and printing off more. But we will cards and printing off more. But we will cards and printing off more. But we will get to their cameras here in a bit. My get to their cameras here in a bit. My get to their cameras here in a bit. My kids have these little uh Polaroid, kids have these little uh Polaroid, kids have these little uh Polaroid, they're not like the Insta whatever they're not like the Insta whatever they're not like the Insta whatever cameras, but they're inexpensive ones on cameras, but they're inexpensive ones on cameras, but they're inexpensive ones on Amazon that if they break them, it's Amazon that if they break them, it's Amazon that if they break them, it's less of a hurt. Um, but they have those less of a hurt. Um, but they have those less of a hurt. Um, but they have those and you can put them in these little and you can put them in these little and you can put them in these little books. They also have the signature books. They also have the signature books. They also have the signature cards which we have taken on a trip cards which we have taken on a trip cards which we have taken on a trip before. So, we've got to do a little before. So, we've got to do a little before. So, we've got to do a little scrapbooking project with them. So, scrapbooking project with them. So, scrapbooking project with them. So, maybe we can share that. But I have maybe we can share that. But I have maybe we can share that. But I have their books for these. Those were super their books for these. Those were super their books for these. Those were super fun to do. Okay. So, these are activity fun to do. Okay. So, these are activity fun to do. Okay. So, these are activity kits. They're kind of pre-made. They kits. They're kind of pre-made. They kits. They're kind of pre-made. They come for both little girls and little come for both little girls and little come for both little girls and little boys, come in multiple colors, and they boys, come in multiple colors, and they boys, come in multiple colors, and they are like premade kits. We were gifted are like premade kits. We were gifted are like premade kits. We were gifted these, so for full transparency, we were these, so for full transparency, we were these, so for full transparency, we were sent these, and some of the things were sent these, and some of the things were sent these, and some of the things were great great great and some of them were not. Um, some of and some of them were not. Um, some of and some of them were not. Um, some of them didn't feel age appropriate for the them didn't feel age appropriate for the them didn't feel age appropriate for the child. Um, some of them my kids just child. Um, some of them my kids just child. Um, some of them my kids just were not interested in. So, I love the were not interested in. So, I love the were not interested in. So, I love the premise of this, but for us, it was not premise of this, but for us, it was not premise of this, but for us, it was not great. And so, I think it's better if great. And so, I think it's better if great. And so, I think it's better if you kind of know your child's interest you kind of know your child's interest you kind of know your child's interest and try things out with them and put it and try things out with them and put it and try things out with them and put it together yourself instead of buying a together yourself instead of buying a together yourself instead of buying a pre-made kit. Like, I love the idea of pre-made kit. Like, I love the idea of pre-made kit. Like, I love the idea of this. I, as a businesswoman, like, this this. I, as a businesswoman, like, this this. I, as a businesswoman, like, this is such a smart idea. If you love is such a smart idea. If you love is such a smart idea. If you love travel, like I I am so like proud of the travel, like I I am so like proud of the travel, like I I am so like proud of the the travel mom creator that put this the travel mom creator that put this the travel mom creator that put this together. Like, I think that is together. Like, I think that is together. Like, I think that is fantastic and amazing. So, I don't want fantastic and amazing. So, I don't want fantastic and amazing. So, I don't want to like hurt anyone's feelings, but as to like hurt anyone's feelings, but as to like hurt anyone's feelings, but as far as for our kids, it did not have far as for our kids, it did not have far as for our kids, it did not have longevity. Um, so we we played they longevity. Um, so we we played they longevity. Um, so we we played they really liked some things, but they really liked some things, but they really liked some things, but they really didn't others. So, I I personally really didn't others. So, I I personally really didn't others. So, I I personally would not recommend buying these. And would not recommend buying these. And would not recommend buying these. And I'm going to pull the toys out of here I'm going to pull the toys out of here I'm going to pull the toys out of here that they did like. Um, I'll go through that they did like. Um, I'll go through that they did like. Um, I'll go through those in a a bit and do that. But the those in a a bit and do that. But the those in a a bit and do that. But the ones that they didn't, ones that they didn't, ones that they didn't, yeah, we're just going to keep going yeah, we're just going to keep going yeah, we're just going to keep going with that. Um, these are timeless. These with that. Um, these are timeless. These with that. Um, these are timeless. These little graband go coloring sticker kits. little graband go coloring sticker kits. little graband go coloring sticker kits. We have loved these from We have loved these from We have loved these from one something year old to now. And so one something year old to now. And so one something year old to now. And so from 1 to six, they're great. They have from 1 to six, they're great. They have from 1 to six, they're great. They have the little party packs usually for the the little party packs usually for the the little party packs usually for the different holidays. You can get them at different holidays. You can get them at different holidays. You can get them at Walmart. I will try to find some and Walmart. I will try to find some and Walmart. I will try to find some and link them down below if you want to grab link them down below if you want to grab link them down below if you want to grab those. But these are perfect. There are those. But these are perfect. There are those. But these are perfect. There are teeny tiny, don't take up any space, teeny tiny, don't take up any space, teeny tiny, don't take up any space, like literally the size of my hand. So like literally the size of my hand. So like literally the size of my hand. So you can throw those in your purse, in you can throw those in your purse, in you can throw those in your purse, in your park bag or whatever and have that your park bag or whatever and have that your park bag or whatever and have that as a great little activity whether as a great little activity whether as a great little activity whether you're sitting and waiting on something, you're sitting and waiting on something, you're sitting and waiting on something, whatever. Those are great. So you will whatever. Those are great. So you will whatever. Those are great. So you will you will never see me declutter those you will never see me declutter those you will never see me declutter those because they are constantly worth it. because they are constantly worth it. because they are constantly worth it. I've got a little pack of crayons to I've got a little pack of crayons to I've got a little pack of crayons to stick into things. Another one of these. stick into things. Another one of these. stick into things. Another one of these. So anytime I see them or if I see them So anytime I see them or if I see them So anytime I see them or if I see them on clearance or anything, I will grab on clearance or anything, I will grab on clearance or anything, I will grab them and put them in there. Um bubble them and put them in there. Um bubble them and put them in there. Um bubble wands. I love these. The ones in the wands. I love these. The ones in the wands. I love these. The ones in the parks are super fun and we've got those. parks are super fun and we've got those. parks are super fun and we've got those. We've get these. I personally love these We've get these. I personally love these We've get these. I personally love these more than the ones in the parks for two more than the ones in the parks for two more than the ones in the parks for two reasons. For these, they're a lot less reasons. For these, they're a lot less reasons. For these, they're a lot less expensive. They run about $15 on average expensive. They run about $15 on average expensive. They run about $15 on average dollars. So, you can grab them for a lot dollars. So, you can grab them for a lot dollars. So, you can grab them for a lot less than spending. I think the ones we less than spending. I think the ones we less than spending. I think the ones we got at Christmas were $39 before our got at Christmas were $39 before our got at Christmas were $39 before our annual passholder discount, which was annual passholder discount, which was annual passholder discount, which was still in the $30 range. Like, [gasps] still in the $30 range. Like, [gasps] still in the $30 range. Like, [gasps] not exactly budget friendly. And not exactly budget friendly. And not exactly budget friendly. And especially if you've got multiple kids especially if you've got multiple kids especially if you've got multiple kids and they they're all going to want one. and they they're all going to want one. and they they're all going to want one. I don't care if you've got an I don't care if you've got an I don't care if you've got an one. They see the other kids and they one. They see the other kids and they one. They see the other kids and they instantly like, I want a bubble one, instantly like, I want a bubble one, instantly like, I want a bubble one, too. It's [laughter] like it's just how too. It's [laughter] like it's just how too. It's [laughter] like it's just how it goes, I feel like, with kids. But it goes, I feel like, with kids. But it goes, I feel like, with kids. But these are great. You can use whatever these are great. You can use whatever these are great. You can use whatever bubbles. And the part that I love the bubbles. And the part that I love the bubbles. And the part that I love the most about them is it's not the little most about them is it's not the little most about them is it's not the little toggle switch like on the Disney ones. toggle switch like on the Disney ones. toggle switch like on the Disney ones. It is a button. And if they don't press It is a button. And if they don't press It is a button. And if they don't press it, it doesn't blow bubbles. So, it's it, it doesn't blow bubbles. So, it's it, it doesn't blow bubbles. So, it's not just sitting there. I flipped it and not just sitting there. I flipped it and not just sitting there. I flipped it and it's been left on in the stroller just it's been left on in the stroller just it's been left on in the stroller just spraying bubbles. So, these things are spraying bubbles. So, these things are spraying bubbles. So, these things are amazing. Love them. And they've got amazing. Love them. And they've got amazing. Love them. And they've got multiple princesses and different multiple princesses and different multiple princesses and different things. So, you can do those. I'll link things. So, you can do those. I'll link things. So, you can do those. I'll link them down below. Um, water doodles. them down below. Um, water doodles. them down below. Um, water doodles. These were great. I've got to find looks These were great. I've got to find looks These were great. I've got to find looks like the pen, but it is a thin little like the pen, but it is a thin little like the pen, but it is a thin little thing and you can fill the pen with thing and you can fill the pen with thing and you can fill the pen with water and be able to draw and do water and be able to draw and do water and be able to draw and do whatever you want. These are great. It's whatever you want. These are great. It's whatever you want. These are great. It's kind of softsided. Um, we've loved these kind of softsided. Um, we've loved these kind of softsided. Um, we've loved these from probably one and a half to two from probably one and a half to two from probably one and a half to two years old is when started with these years old is when started with these years old is when started with these with my girls and they have loved them. with my girls and they have loved them. with my girls and they have loved them. So, I need to find the pen and that's So, I need to find the pen and that's So, I need to find the pen and that's going to be another keeper. Um, going to be another keeper. Um, going to be another keeper. Um, let's see. We've got this pouch. These let's see. We've got this pouch. These let's see. We've got this pouch. These are the mesh pouches that I'm talking are the mesh pouches that I'm talking are the mesh pouches that I'm talking about. I'm trying to go as fast as about. I'm trying to go as fast as about. I'm trying to go as fast as possible cuz I don't want to make this possible cuz I don't want to make this possible cuz I don't want to make this forever long, but I do want to like forever long, but I do want to like forever long, but I do want to like explain some of these things. These explain some of these things. These explain some of these things. These little sensory tubes are great. They little sensory tubes are great. They little sensory tubes are great. They also have some that are light up and also have some that are light up and also have some that are light up and I've also got some that are like little I've also got some that are like little I've also got some that are like little keychain size. So they have the little keychain size. So they have the little keychain size. So they have the little um metal keychains, um metal keychains, um metal keychains, the like classic little keychain thing. the like classic little keychain thing. the like classic little keychain thing. And so we'll put those um together and And so we'll put those um together and And so we'll put those um together and like put hang them on a little park bag like put hang them on a little park bag like put hang them on a little park bag or something. And it it is amazing how or something. And it it is amazing how or something. And it it is amazing how much these little things will entertain much these little things will entertain much these little things will entertain them. The little pop characters that them. The little pop characters that them. The little pop characters that we've got Mickey and Min ones that are we've got Mickey and Min ones that are we've got Mickey and Min ones that are keychain. We've got these little guys. keychain. We've got these little guys. keychain. We've got these little guys. Um, I'll probably try to loop all of the Um, I'll probably try to loop all of the Um, I'll probably try to loop all of the or like lump all of these together as or like lump all of these together as or like lump all of these together as I'm organizing here and not have so many I'm organizing here and not have so many I'm organizing here and not have so many pass some along to others um that have pass some along to others um that have pass some along to others um that have trips and things. And so we'll probably trips and things. And so we'll probably trips and things. And so we'll probably do that and only keep a handful. But do that and only keep a handful. But do that and only keep a handful. But those are great. I've got sand toys in those are great. I've got sand toys in those are great. I've got sand toys in here. Oh, here's the keychain one. These here. Oh, here's the keychain one. These here. Oh, here's the keychain one. These are great. Absolutely fantastic. If it are great. Absolutely fantastic. If it are great. Absolutely fantastic. If it has any if it has a hook, makes it even has any if it has a hook, makes it even has any if it has a hook, makes it even better cuz then you can just like hook better cuz then you can just like hook better cuz then you can just like hook it onto your purse or hook it onto your it onto your purse or hook it onto your it onto your purse or hook it onto your diaper bag or whatever. And our girls as diaper bag or whatever. And our girls as diaper bag or whatever. And our girls as little as about 1, one and a half have little as about 1, one and a half have little as about 1, one and a half have loved these. So, lump that together. loved these. So, lump that together. loved these. So, lump that together. These are beachy toys. So, set that These are beachy toys. So, set that These are beachy toys. So, set that there. I'm trying to like make little there. I'm trying to like make little there. I'm trying to like make little piles that way I can organize it later. piles that way I can organize it later. piles that way I can organize it later. More pouches. A sweet subscriber More pouches. A sweet subscriber More pouches. A sweet subscriber actually sent these to us. They're actually sent these to us. They're actually sent these to us. They're little pencil pouches and they've got little pencil pouches and they've got little pencil pouches and they've got the girls names embroidered on them. So, the girls names embroidered on them. So, the girls names embroidered on them. So, again, these are great for making little again, these are great for making little again, these are great for making little activity pouches. You could put their activity pouches. You could put their activity pouches. You could put their toiletries in here, little things like toiletries in here, little things like toiletries in here, little things like that. But these are great for those. So, that. But these are great for those. So, that. But these are great for those. So, they're going to go in that pile. they're going to go in that pile. they're going to go in that pile. Headphones. Um, we have had both Headphones. Um, we have had both Headphones. Um, we have had both Bluetooth and wired. I would go wired Bluetooth and wired. I would go wired Bluetooth and wired. I would go wired because at 30,000 ft and your kids are because at 30,000 ft and your kids are because at 30,000 ft and your kids are wanting the tablet or wanting to watch wanting the tablet or wanting to watch wanting the tablet or wanting to watch something on your phone, it can be a something on your phone, it can be a something on your phone, it can be a little tricky. Just make sure if you're little tricky. Just make sure if you're little tricky. Just make sure if you're going to do something on your phone with going to do something on your phone with going to do something on your phone with them that you have an adapter. Like for them that you have an adapter. Like for them that you have an adapter. Like for my phone right now, it has the new USBC. my phone right now, it has the new USBC. my phone right now, it has the new USBC. So, it needs to be a USBC to the little So, it needs to be a USBC to the little So, it needs to be a USBC to the little headphone jack. I forget what this is headphone jack. I forget what this is headphone jack. I forget what this is called, but the little headphone jack. called, but the little headphone jack. called, but the little headphone jack. So, you need to do something like that So, you need to do something like that So, you need to do something like that if you're going to have them plug it in if you're going to have them plug it in if you're going to have them plug it in and use your device. Um, if you're going and use your device. Um, if you're going and use your device. Um, if you're going to use a tablet, they will need to use a tablet, they will need to use a tablet, they will need headphones. So, even children, they're headphones. So, even children, they're headphones. So, even children, they're going to make an announcement. Everyone, going to make an announcement. Everyone, going to make an announcement. Everyone, including children, need to wear including children, need to wear including children, need to wear headphones for the enjoyment of everyone headphones for the enjoyment of everyone headphones for the enjoyment of everyone around. I don't know about you, but we around. I don't know about you, but we around. I don't know about you, but we actually keep that rule, especially on actually keep that rule, especially on actually keep that rule, especially on road trips. Day trips, it's not so bad, road trips. Day trips, it's not so bad, road trips. Day trips, it's not so bad, but on long road trips, we have a rule. but on long road trips, we have a rule. but on long road trips, we have a rule. Like if you're going to listen to your Like if you're going to listen to your Like if you're going to listen to your Yodo, if you're going to play on your Yodo, if you're going to play on your Yodo, if you're going to play on your tablet, you got to put your headphones tablet, you got to put your headphones tablet, you got to put your headphones on for the enjoyment of everyone around on for the enjoyment of everyone around on for the enjoyment of everyone around you, including your mother and father. you, including your mother and father. you, including your mother and father. We love you, but it's like I don't want We love you, but it's like I don't want We love you, but it's like I don't want to hear Mickey Mouse Clubhouse to hear Mickey Mouse Clubhouse to hear Mickey Mouse Clubhouse all day. So, it's like we even need a all day. So, it's like we even need a all day. So, it's like we even need a break sometimes. So, but these are break sometimes. So, but these are break sometimes. So, but these are great. Love, love, love these great. Love, love, love these great. Love, love, love these headphones. Um, we'll probably use those headphones. Um, we'll probably use those headphones. Um, we'll probably use those on this trip. So, I'm going to lay those on this trip. So, I'm going to lay those on this trip. So, I'm going to lay those to the side. Water painting books. to the side. Water painting books. to the side. Water painting books. Again, we've loved these since about one Again, we've loved these since about one Again, we've loved these since about one year old. These are great. Love those. year old. These are great. Love those. year old. These are great. Love those. Um, the clicks clickos. Okay, so this Um, the clicks clickos. Okay, so this Um, the clicks clickos. Okay, so this this was a pricey test. Um, my kids like this was a pricey test. Um, my kids like this was a pricey test. Um, my kids like them, but they prefer the magnetiles. them, but they prefer the magnetiles. them, but they prefer the magnetiles. So, they're the little like pieces. I So, they're the little like pieces. I So, they're the little like pieces. I wanted them. I was hoping they would wanted them. I was hoping they would wanted them. I was hoping they would love these more because they're so thin. love these more because they're so thin. love these more because they're so thin. You can put them virtually anywhere and You can put them virtually anywhere and You can put them virtually anywhere and it's great, but they do not love them it's great, but they do not love them it's great, but they do not love them more than their magnetiles. So, if more than their magnetiles. So, if more than their magnetiles. So, if you're going to do that, I would go with you're going to do that, I would go with you're going to do that, I would go with the mini travel magnetiles, which I'm the mini travel magnetiles, which I'm the mini travel magnetiles, which I'm sure I will find in this box somewhere, sure I will find in this box somewhere, sure I will find in this box somewhere, and then I can show you those. But, um, and then I can show you those. But, um, and then I can show you those. But, um, I'll link them down below as well. But, I'll link them down below as well. But, I'll link them down below as well. But, seriously, they are they're so good. seriously, they are they're so good. seriously, they are they're so good. Like, they're so much better than these. Like, they're so much better than these. Like, they're so much better than these. I think this set was like between $40 I think this set was like between $40 I think this set was like between $40 and $60. And I'm like I was I really had and $60. And I'm like I was I really had and $60. And I'm like I was I really had high hopes for these and I was high hopes for these and I was high hopes for these and I was ultimately disappointed. I'm not going ultimately disappointed. I'm not going ultimately disappointed. I'm not going to toss them because they were to toss them because they were to toss them because they were expensive. And sometimes we're in a expensive. And sometimes we're in a expensive. And sometimes we're in a situation where we're like trying to situation where we're like trying to situation where we're like trying to pack light or do whatever and they enjoy pack light or do whatever and they enjoy pack light or do whatever and they enjoy them. They just enjoy the others more. them. They just enjoy the others more. them. They just enjoy the others more. So that's that's the science experiment So that's that's the science experiment So that's that's the science experiment that my children have gone through. Um that my children have gone through. Um that my children have gone through. Um let's see. Another bluey water painting. let's see. Another bluey water painting. let's see. Another bluey water painting. Seriously love these. They are great. Um Seriously love these. They are great. Um Seriously love these. They are great. Um the hardest part is filling up the water the hardest part is filling up the water the hardest part is filling up the water in that. Um, if you're going to do it, in that. Um, if you're going to do it, in that. Um, if you're going to do it, it's got the little hole at the top. If it's got the little hole at the top. If it's got the little hole at the top. If you'll squeeze it close, like squeeze you'll squeeze it close, like squeeze you'll squeeze it close, like squeeze the bottle itself, put it under the the bottle itself, put it under the the bottle itself, put it under the faucet and just slowly open it, it'll faucet and just slowly open it, it'll faucet and just slowly open it, it'll fill it really easy and you're good to fill it really easy and you're good to fill it really easy and you're good to go. Um, it's also a great excuse to get go. Um, it's also a great excuse to get go. Um, it's also a great excuse to get up and walk to the bathroom. Um, we've up and walk to the bathroom. Um, we've up and walk to the bathroom. Um, we've got their little pouches. We'll use got their little pouches. We'll use got their little pouches. We'll use these as their little purses sometimes these as their little purses sometimes these as their little purses sometimes and they are super cute. I can link the and they are super cute. I can link the and they are super cute. I can link the small shop. Um, I'm pretty Yes, 99.9% small shop. Um, I'm pretty Yes, 99.9% small shop. Um, I'm pretty Yes, 99.9% sure I have a discount code for her sure I have a discount code for her sure I have a discount code for her shop, too. So, I'll link it. I'll put shop, too. So, I'll link it. I'll put shop, too. So, I'll link it. I'll put the discount code right beside of that. the discount code right beside of that. the discount code right beside of that. So, if you like the little bags, they're So, if you like the little bags, they're So, if you like the little bags, they're so cute. Um, so we have those. We have so cute. Um, so we have those. We have so cute. Um, so we have those. We have these little drawing kits. These came these little drawing kits. These came these little drawing kits. These came Oh, and I need to go through some of the Oh, and I need to go through some of the Oh, and I need to go through some of the stuff in here. These came from Spark of stuff in here. These came from Spark of stuff in here. These came from Spark of Imagination. She's another small shop. I Imagination. She's another small shop. I Imagination. She's another small shop. I will link her down her shop down below, will link her down her shop down below, will link her down her shop down below, but they are so cute. They've got the but they are so cute. They've got the but they are so cute. They've got the castle. They've got um the spaceship castle. They've got um the spaceship castle. They've got um the spaceship Earth. Got all the icons in here. We've Earth. Got all the icons in here. We've Earth. Got all the icons in here. We've got different characters. Woo! In here. got different characters. Woo! In here. got different characters. Woo! In here. And these are super cute. fireworks, And these are super cute. fireworks, And these are super cute. fireworks, Dole Whip, Magic Band, Clarabel, Dole Whip, Magic Band, Clarabel, Dole Whip, Magic Band, Clarabel, Waffles, like all the cutesy little Waffles, like all the cutesy little Waffles, like all the cutesy little Disney characters. And so we have these Disney characters. And so we have these Disney characters. And so we have these from her. They're like a whole coloring from her. They're like a whole coloring from her. They're like a whole coloring kit. She has multiple like sizes and kit. She has multiple like sizes and kit. She has multiple like sizes and variations and things you can do. Um, so variations and things you can do. Um, so variations and things you can do. Um, so we love these. I will link in her shop we love these. I will link in her shop we love these. I will link in her shop and her uh discount code down there as and her uh discount code down there as and her uh discount code down there as well cuz they are so cute. She's well cuz they are so cute. She's well cuz they are so cute. She's actually sending us some more for our actually sending us some more for our actually sending us some more for our upcoming trip. So that is super fun. upcoming trip. So that is super fun. upcoming trip. So that is super fun. [snorts] These are great. Um, we've got [snorts] These are great. Um, we've got [snorts] These are great. Um, we've got a lot of great things in here, but I do a lot of great things in here, but I do a lot of great things in here, but I do have some that are not so great. So, have some that are not so great. So, have some that are not so great. So, we've got the little magnet men. These we've got the little magnet men. These we've got the little magnet men. These are fantastic. We have loved these from are fantastic. We have loved these from are fantastic. We have loved these from fantastic. Anything that's magnet, you fantastic. Anything that's magnet, you fantastic. Anything that's magnet, you can they can magnetize it to it. They can they can magnetize it to it. They can they can magnetize it to it. They can put them together and do little can put them together and do little can put them together and do little things like this. If you're going on a things like this. If you're going on a things like this. If you're going on a Disney cruise, these are fantastic cuz Disney cruise, these are fantastic cuz Disney cruise, these are fantastic cuz the stateateroom walls magnetic. the the stateateroom walls magnetic. the the stateateroom walls magnetic. the roof. Um, if they're on the bunk bed, roof. Um, if they're on the bunk bed, roof. Um, if they're on the bunk bed, the roof of their bed is magnetic and so the roof of their bed is magnetic and so the roof of their bed is magnetic and so they'll stick things up there and they'll stick things up there and they'll stick things up there and they'll like have it hanging down and they'll like have it hanging down and they'll like have it hanging down and they'll like a make a little monkey they'll like a make a little monkey they'll like a make a little monkey chain. So, these are seriously so good. chain. So, these are seriously so good. chain. So, these are seriously so good. Um, love them. They're great for meal Um, love them. They're great for meal Um, love them. They're great for meal time bags, that kind of thing. Another time bags, that kind of thing. Another time bags, that kind of thing. Another one of those bubble wands. And then, oh, one of those bubble wands. And then, oh, one of those bubble wands. And then, oh, one that's coming to mind that I'm like, one that's coming to mind that I'm like, one that's coming to mind that I'm like, "Oh, this is awful." We got one for "Oh, this is awful." We got one for "Oh, this is awful." We got one for Christmas and it was all over my floor. Christmas and it was all over my floor. Christmas and it was all over my floor. Um, but it is the little scratch art. Um, but it is the little scratch art. Um, but it is the little scratch art. I've already thrown it away or else I I've already thrown it away or else I I've already thrown it away or else I would show you. But it is you have the would show you. But it is you have the would show you. But it is you have the little like it's like a little needle. little like it's like a little needle. little like it's like a little needle. It's not a needle, but it's like a It's not a needle, but it's like a It's not a needle, but it's like a plastic pointy pen kind of thing and you plastic pointy pen kind of thing and you plastic pointy pen kind of thing and you scratch it. Well, all of the little scratch it. Well, all of the little scratch it. Well, all of the little shavings from the page get everywhere. shavings from the page get everywhere. shavings from the page get everywhere. And I mean everywhere. So to me that is And I mean everywhere. So to me that is And I mean everywhere. So to me that is a I I didn't even like it in my house. a I I didn't even like it in my house. a I I didn't even like it in my house. So, I can't imagine doing that on an So, I can't imagine doing that on an So, I can't imagine doing that on an airplane and leaving that for a steward airplane and leaving that for a steward airplane and leaving that for a steward stewardist to clean up. Um, or leaving stewardist to clean up. Um, or leaving stewardist to clean up. Um, or leaving it at the restaurant for them to have to it at the restaurant for them to have to it at the restaurant for them to have to like vacuum up. Like, I know you've like vacuum up. Like, I know you've like vacuum up. Like, I know you've already have a mess, but even at a already have a mess, but even at a already have a mess, but even at a restaurant, I'm like I I mean, at this restaurant, I'm like I I mean, at this restaurant, I'm like I I mean, at this point, you might as well just let them point, you might as well just let them point, you might as well just let them play with the salt and pepper shakers play with the salt and pepper shakers play with the salt and pepper shakers cuz it's just going to go everywhere. cuz it's just going to go everywhere. cuz it's just going to go everywhere. It's so bad. Um, so that would be my It's so bad. Um, so that would be my It's so bad. Um, so that would be my recommendation. Don't buy those. I've recommendation. Don't buy those. I've recommendation. Don't buy those. I've seen them on some people's list and I'm seen them on some people's list and I'm seen them on some people's list and I'm like, why? Why? Why are why are we like, why? Why? Why are why are we like, why? Why? Why are why are we making a mess for other people? Please making a mess for other people? Please making a mess for other people? Please don't do that. That's not nice. That's don't do that. That's not nice. That's don't do that. That's not nice. That's not nice. Okay, more of those sticker not nice. Okay, more of those sticker not nice. Okay, more of those sticker pages. We have them literally from pages. We have them literally from pages. We have them literally from everything. These are great of them. Oh, everything. These are great of them. Oh, everything. These are great of them. Oh, I was hoping I had had some pages in I was hoping I had had some pages in I was hoping I had had some pages in here left cuz I can't wait to throw here left cuz I can't wait to throw here left cuz I can't wait to throw these in the garbage. Um, okay. So, we these in the garbage. Um, okay. So, we these in the garbage. Um, okay. So, we use these on a couple of trips and use these on a couple of trips and use these on a couple of trips and they're just like my kids don't really they're just like my kids don't really they're just like my kids don't really play with them very long. They don't play with them very long. They don't play with them very long. They don't even finish the page. That's why we have even finish the page. That's why we have even finish the page. That's why we have some left. I don't know that any of some left. I don't know that any of some left. I don't know that any of these these none of these are are Oh, these these none of these are are Oh, these these none of these are are Oh, no. This one's half started. like see no. This one's half started. like see no. This one's half started. like see they have started and they're like I'm they have started and they're like I'm they have started and they're like I'm just not interested in this. Um but they just not interested in this. Um but they just not interested in this. Um but they are these little dot stickers and are these little dot stickers and are these little dot stickers and somehow they very easily come off of somehow they very easily come off of somehow they very easily come off of this page but stick everywhere like this page but stick everywhere like this page but stick everywhere like everywhere. My the backseat of my car everywhere. My the backseat of my car everywhere. My the backseat of my car after our road trip to Disney was after our road trip to Disney was after our road trip to Disney was covered in these stinking little dots. covered in these stinking little dots. covered in these stinking little dots. I no there in theory it's a great idea I no there in theory it's a great idea I no there in theory it's a great idea but other stickers we do great with but but other stickers we do great with but but other stickers we do great with but something about that sticker activity is something about that sticker activity is something about that sticker activity is just like nails on a chalkboard for me just like nails on a chalkboard for me just like nails on a chalkboard for me and I'm just like mm- please no. Um okay and I'm just like mm- please no. Um okay and I'm just like mm- please no. Um okay cameras. These are great. They can print cameras. These are great. They can print cameras. These are great. They can print right on the spot which is fantastic and right on the spot which is fantastic and right on the spot which is fantastic and have a little lanyard. My girls love have a little lanyard. My girls love have a little lanyard. My girls love these and it's really fun to see them these and it's really fun to see them these and it's really fun to see them get creative. They've also like handed get creative. They've also like handed get creative. They've also like handed the camera to Mickey and had Mickey take the camera to Mickey and had Mickey take the camera to Mickey and had Mickey take their picture. I'm like who are you? their picture. I'm like who are you? their picture. I'm like who are you? like what in the world? Or they're like what in the world? Or they're like what in the world? Or they're taking selfies with the characters and taking selfies with the characters and taking selfies with the characters and it and t or taking pictures of the it and t or taking pictures of the it and t or taking pictures of the characters themselves and it's just so characters themselves and it's just so characters themselves and it's just so sweet to see them like progress through sweet to see them like progress through sweet to see them like progress through their little photography skills. Um their little photography skills. Um their little photography skills. Um obviously we're constantly taking obviously we're constantly taking obviously we're constantly taking pictures and doing things so it kind of pictures and doing things so it kind of pictures and doing things so it kind of they're emulating what they see. But if they're emulating what they see. But if they're emulating what they see. But if you are taking pictures and you do that you are taking pictures and you do that you are taking pictures and you do that stuff as well or if you're a stuff as well or if you're a stuff as well or if you're a photographer or whatever, seriously get photographer or whatever, seriously get photographer or whatever, seriously get your kids one of these cameras cuz it's your kids one of these cameras cuz it's your kids one of these cameras cuz it's so fun to see the world through their so fun to see the world through their so fun to see the world through their eyes. Um, we've got some really cute eyes. Um, we've got some really cute eyes. Um, we've got some really cute pictures of a lot of things. So, again, pictures of a lot of things. So, again, pictures of a lot of things. So, again, I want to do that scrapbook activity, I want to do that scrapbook activity, I want to do that scrapbook activity, but these are going to go for our trip. but these are going to go for our trip. but these are going to go for our trip. So, that's a great one. Finger painting. So, that's a great one. Finger painting. So, that's a great one. Finger painting. I have the pad here. These are I have the pad here. These are I have the pad here. These are fantastic. Mess-free. You can use your fantastic. Mess-free. You can use your fantastic. Mess-free. You can use your fingers as little as one, one and a half fingers as little as one, one and a half fingers as little as one, one and a half can use this. You can do that and then can use this. You can do that and then can use this. You can do that and then dab it and color. It is great. They are dab it and color. It is great. They are dab it and color. It is great. They are really nice. And the fact that you don't really nice. And the fact that you don't really nice. And the fact that you don't have to worry about the mess is have to worry about the mess is have to worry about the mess is fantastic. So, love those. Um, these fantastic. So, love those. Um, these fantastic. So, love those. Um, these little trays have been wonderful for us. little trays have been wonderful for us. little trays have been wonderful for us. They have worked on 99% of the trays. They have worked on 99% of the trays. They have worked on 99% of the trays. We've had one that I had to like kind of We've had one that I had to like kind of We've had one that I had to like kind of stretch it a little bit and we got it on stretch it a little bit and we got it on stretch it a little bit and we got it on perfectly. So, these are great. But, perfectly. So, these are great. But, perfectly. So, these are great. But, I'll show you as soon as I get it I'll show you as soon as I get it I'll show you as soon as I get it snapped together. [clears throat] snapped together. [clears throat] snapped together. [clears throat] But, it cover it goes on the tray of the But, it cover it goes on the tray of the But, it cover it goes on the tray of the airplane in front of your child or in airplane in front of your child or in airplane in front of your child or in front of you. And it's a little cup. It front of you. And it's a little cup. It front of you. And it's a little cup. It keeps everything in there and it's not keeps everything in there and it's not keeps everything in there and it's not constantly rolling off into the floor, constantly rolling off into the floor, constantly rolling off into the floor, which is amazing. Or you can unvelcro which is amazing. Or you can unvelcro which is amazing. Or you can unvelcro the tray part off of it, put it onto the the tray part off of it, put it onto the the tray part off of it, put it onto the airplane tray, put this cover on there, airplane tray, put this cover on there, airplane tray, put this cover on there, and then it close it up, lock it, and and then it close it up, lock it, and and then it close it up, lock it, and you can drop their tablet down in here. you can drop their tablet down in here. you can drop their tablet down in here. So, if they are young and they just want So, if they are young and they just want So, if they are young and they just want to watch something or they don't want to to watch something or they don't want to to watch something or they don't want to hold it and they've got their headphones hold it and they've got their headphones hold it and they've got their headphones plugged in, listening, watching, you can plugged in, listening, watching, you can plugged in, listening, watching, you can do that with it as well. Seriously, do that with it as well. Seriously, do that with it as well. Seriously, love, love, love these. Um, and again, love, love, love these. Um, and again, love, love, love these. Um, and again, they've been great um for 99.9% of the they've been great um for 99.9% of the they've been great um for 99.9% of the airlines that we've been on. I think airlines that we've been on. I think airlines that we've been on. I think there was one Southwest plane that gave there was one Southwest plane that gave there was one Southwest plane that gave us a little fits and we just kind of had us a little fits and we just kind of had us a little fits and we just kind of had to like stretch it a little bit, but to like stretch it a little bit, but to like stretch it a little bit, but that is this is pretty stretchy, so it that is this is pretty stretchy, so it that is this is pretty stretchy, so it worked out great. But yeah, love those. worked out great. But yeah, love those. worked out great. But yeah, love those. Let's see. Oh, the little pullback cars. Let's see. Oh, the little pullback cars. Let's see. Oh, the little pullback cars. These are always fun. You can get these These are always fun. You can get these These are always fun. You can get these like in a little party pack usually like in a little party pack usually like in a little party pack usually anywhere that you can buy like party anywhere that you can buy like party anywhere that you can buy like party supplies. They're the little you pull it supplies. They're the little you pull it supplies. They're the little you pull it back and they roll. So, those are fun back and they roll. So, those are fun back and they roll. So, those are fun little activities. It's fun to just like little activities. It's fun to just like little activities. It's fun to just like switch things up. Have a couple of switch things up. Have a couple of switch things up. Have a couple of different little activities that are new different little activities that are new different little activities that are new and different especially are great. and different especially are great. and different especially are great. Coloring books. You can never go wrong Coloring books. You can never go wrong Coloring books. You can never go wrong with coloring books. Um PSA, they are with coloring books. Um PSA, they are with coloring books. Um PSA, they are now cheaper at Walmart than they are at now cheaper at Walmart than they are at now cheaper at Walmart than they are at the Dollar Tree. So, when you're getting the Dollar Tree. So, when you're getting the Dollar Tree. So, when you're getting your groceries, swing by, pick out a your groceries, swing by, pick out a your groceries, swing by, pick out a coloring book. They're like, I think coloring book. They're like, I think coloring book. They're like, I think either a dollar even or 97. I know either a dollar even or 97. I know either a dollar even or 97. I know that's not a lot, but every little bit that's not a lot, but every little bit that's not a lot, but every little bit helps when you're trying to be on a helps when you're trying to be on a helps when you're trying to be on a budget. So, those are great. Love these budget. So, those are great. Love these budget. So, those are great. Love these little LCD panels. I've got a lot of little LCD panels. I've got a lot of little LCD panels. I've got a lot of loves in this box. Um, but these are 6 loves in this box. Um, but these are 6 loves in this box. Um, but these are 6 and 12 in. You can pop out the little and 12 in. You can pop out the little and 12 in. You can pop out the little pen. You can draw on it like so. And pen. You can draw on it like so. And pen. You can draw on it like so. And then you just press the button. And if then you just press the button. And if then you just press the button. And if it's not locked, there is a lock. Okay, it's not locked, there is a lock. Okay, it's not locked, there is a lock. Okay, got to unlock it. So you can make it got to unlock it. So you can make it got to unlock it. So you can make it erase. erase. erase. Well, is the battery died already. Okay, Well, is the battery died already. Okay, Well, is the battery died already. Okay, the battery has died in this one. Okay, the battery has died in this one. Okay, the battery has died in this one. Okay, this one needs a new battery, but you this one needs a new battery, but you this one needs a new battery, but you get the idea. It usually erases. get the idea. It usually erases. get the idea. It usually erases. Apparently, it sit there. It's sat in Apparently, it sit there. It's sat in Apparently, it sit there. It's sat in here for too long. We have the pink here for too long. We have the pink here for too long. We have the pink ones, and so obviously they gravitated ones, and so obviously they gravitated ones, and so obviously they gravitated towards the pink ones, but I can put a towards the pink ones, but I can put a towards the pink ones, but I can put a new battery in this one. We'll be good new battery in this one. We'll be good new battery in this one. We'll be good to go. Um, our Yodos. Oh, no. This one to go. Um, our Yodos. Oh, no. This one to go. Um, our Yodos. Oh, no. This one is broken. So, that needs to go in the is broken. So, that needs to go in the is broken. So, that needs to go in the trash. trash. trash. Where's the Yosh? Ah, here they are. Okay. Oh, we have Oh, Ah, here they are. Okay. Oh, we have Oh, Ah, here they are. Okay. Oh, we have Oh, no. These are the Paw Patrol cards. no. These are the Paw Patrol cards. no. These are the Paw Patrol cards. Okay, we have rings. Um, Yodo boxes. Okay, we have rings. Um, Yodo boxes. Okay, we have rings. Um, Yodo boxes. Skip this. Like, I'm going to donate to Skip this. Like, I'm going to donate to Skip this. Like, I'm going to donate to these to someone else who has a Yodo and these to someone else who has a Yodo and these to someone else who has a Yodo and likes that style. But these are the likes that style. But these are the likes that style. But these are the no-go. Don't buy these. It's It's a no-go. Don't buy these. It's It's a no-go. Don't buy these. It's It's a waste. It's just it's a case that you're waste. It's just it's a case that you're waste. It's just it's a case that you're probably going to lose. There's no need probably going to lose. There's no need probably going to lose. There's no need for it. The silicone cover. Do recommend for it. The silicone cover. Do recommend for it. The silicone cover. Do recommend those. Um they come with a little band those. Um they come with a little band those. Um they come with a little band and then you can make your cards like and then you can make your cards like and then you can make your cards like this. This is golden. If you're using it this. This is golden. If you're using it this. This is golden. If you're using it in the car, if you're using it on the in the car, if you're using it on the in the car, if you're using it on the airplane, you're not dropping individual airplane, you're not dropping individual airplane, you're not dropping individual cards. Um I will link the kit. So if you cards. Um I will link the kit. So if you cards. Um I will link the kit. So if you go down and you look in there and look go down and you look in there and look go down and you look in there and look in the description box, look for Yodo in the description box, look for Yodo in the description box, look for Yodo Mini Plus accessories. Everything, the Mini Plus accessories. Everything, the Mini Plus accessories. Everything, the Yodo itself, all of our cards, how to do Yodo itself, all of our cards, how to do Yodo itself, all of our cards, how to do this is all in that one link. So, if you this is all in that one link. So, if you this is all in that one link. So, if you click that, it will show you. But it click that, it will show you. But it click that, it will show you. But it makes this little rubber, not a rubber makes this little rubber, not a rubber makes this little rubber, not a rubber band, but this little metal cable. You band, but this little metal cable. You band, but this little metal cable. You make basically a keychain. You put the make basically a keychain. You put the make basically a keychain. You put the cards on these little stickers that have cards on these little stickers that have cards on these little stickers that have holes in them. You put it on, and we're holes in them. You put it on, and we're holes in them. You put it on, and we're not dropping cards. When you're going 65 not dropping cards. When you're going 65 not dropping cards. When you're going 65 mph down the highway, if you go that mph down the highway, if you go that mph down the highway, if you go that speed, when you're going down the speed, when you're going down the speed, when you're going down the highway, you you're not dropping cards. highway, you you're not dropping cards. highway, you you're not dropping cards. And it's like, "Mom, I need my card." And it's like, "Mom, I need my card." And it's like, "Mom, I need my card." and it's like we're 15 minutes from the and it's like we're 15 minutes from the and it's like we're 15 minutes from the exit. I'm not pulling over to get your exit. I'm not pulling over to get your exit. I'm not pulling over to get your card. So, you don't have that whole card. So, you don't have that whole card. So, you don't have that whole situation. You're not having to bend situation. You're not having to bend situation. You're not having to bend over and pick up things off the airport over and pick up things off the airport over and pick up things off the airport or like the air airplane floor. Words or like the air airplane floor. Words or like the air airplane floor. Words are difficult apparently. But seriously, are difficult apparently. But seriously, are difficult apparently. But seriously, this is the way to go. Love it. Love it. this is the way to go. Love it. Love it. this is the way to go. Love it. Love it. Hands down. Um we'll do like a larger Hands down. Um we'll do like a larger Hands down. Um we'll do like a larger pouch. We'll do one of the little um pouch. We'll do one of the little um pouch. We'll do one of the little um these pouches or wish I had the other these pouches or wish I had the other these pouches or wish I had the other one. I don't know where it's at. It was one. I don't know where it's at. It was one. I don't know where it's at. It was here. But with these, you can put that here. But with these, you can put that here. But with these, you can put that in a larger pouch with the headphones if in a larger pouch with the headphones if in a larger pouch with the headphones if you want to, but seriously, this this you want to, but seriously, this this you want to, but seriously, this this set this setup is the way to go. Um, set this setup is the way to go. Um, set this setup is the way to go. Um, freaking fantastic. freaking fantastic. freaking fantastic. So, we've got that. Um, these are an So, we've got that. Um, these are an So, we've got that. Um, these are an little color wonder backup. So, I've got little color wonder backup. So, I've got little color wonder backup. So, I've got coloring sheets in here coloring sheets in here coloring sheets in here that are little Disney characters and that are little Disney characters and that are little Disney characters and then our collection of Color Wonder then our collection of Color Wonder then our collection of Color Wonder markers that actually still work. So, markers that actually still work. So, markers that actually still work. So, we've got that. So, I can get a few more we've got that. So, I can get a few more we've got that. So, I can get a few more pages and put those together and make a pages and put those together and make a pages and put those together and make a little activity. These are great even if little activity. These are great even if little activity. These are great even if you're not going on a trip. If you are you're not going on a trip. If you are you're not going on a trip. If you are having to go to doctor's offices or having to go to doctor's offices or having to go to doctor's offices or you're going to the store, you're going you're going to the store, you're going you're going to the store, you're going to wherever. This is really helpful to to wherever. This is really helpful to to wherever. This is really helpful to be able to color and do. be able to color and do. be able to color and do. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Um, this is also a fun one. This is a Um, this is also a fun one. This is a Um, this is also a fun one. This is a watercolor mat. It is super thin. And so watercolor mat. It is super thin. And so watercolor mat. It is super thin. And so I like this one for both the hotel room. I like this one for both the hotel room. I like this one for both the hotel room. We'll use this at the airport. We can We'll use this at the airport. We can We'll use this at the airport. We can spread it out and they can color and do spread it out and they can color and do spread it out and they can color and do with this. Comes with some little water with this. Comes with some little water with this. Comes with some little water pens. And it's as thin as like a pens. And it's as thin as like a pens. And it's as thin as like a notebook from when you were in school. notebook from when you were in school. notebook from when you were in school. Like a little thin notebook. Um like one Like a little thin notebook. Um like one Like a little thin notebook. Um like one of your little Lisa Frank notebooks you of your little Lisa Frank notebooks you of your little Lisa Frank notebooks you probably had. But this is so easy. It probably had. But this is so easy. It probably had. But this is so easy. It slides into your backpack. You've got slides into your backpack. You've got slides into your backpack. You've got the pens. You can fill them up really the pens. You can fill them up really the pens. You can fill them up really easily. They just twist off the top and easily. They just twist off the top and easily. They just twist off the top and it is an open one that you can drop all it is an open one that you can drop all it is an open one that you can drop all the water into. So, this is fantastic. the water into. So, this is fantastic. the water into. So, this is fantastic. So, I think that's Let's see. Got the So, I think that's Let's see. Got the So, I think that's Let's see. Got the mini magnetiles. These are the triangle mini magnetiles. These are the triangle mini magnetiles. These are the triangle ones. They also have little small ones. They also have little small ones. They also have little small squares. Um squares. Um squares. Um Oh, these came from the stickers. I have Oh, these came from the stickers. I have Oh, these came from the stickers. I have a lovehate with these because especially a lovehate with these because especially a lovehate with these because especially when they first came out, the Mickey and when they first came out, the Mickey and when they first came out, the Mickey and Mini ones were like almost $20 and I Mini ones were like almost $20 and I Mini ones were like almost $20 and I felt like they were overpriced for what felt like they were overpriced for what felt like they were overpriced for what they were. You can buy refills for the they were. You can buy refills for the they were. You can buy refills for the stickers, but once you've used up the stickers, but once you've used up the stickers, but once you've used up the book, they I don't find that they stick book, they I don't find that they stick book, they I don't find that they stick quite as well to other things. The best quite as well to other things. The best quite as well to other things. The best thing that I found they stick well to thing that I found they stick well to thing that I found they stick well to are the Melissa and Doug cuz this is are the Melissa and Doug cuz this is are the Melissa and Doug cuz this is made by Melissa and Doug. the Melissa made by Melissa and Doug. the Melissa made by Melissa and Doug. the Melissa and Doug notebooks here, they stick well and Doug notebooks here, they stick well and Doug notebooks here, they stick well to this paper, but some of the other to this paper, but some of the other to this paper, but some of the other paper that we have in notebooks, it's paper that we have in notebooks, it's paper that we have in notebooks, it's not stuck great to that and so then not stuck great to that and so then not stuck great to that and so then they're like flaking off and they're they're like flaking off and they're they're like flaking off and they're they're getting everywhere. Um, so it they're getting everywhere. Um, so it they're getting everywhere. Um, so it can be a semi- messy activity, but you can be a semi- messy activity, but you can be a semi- messy activity, but you can refill it. So can refill it. So can refill it. So the notebook itself once they've like the notebook itself once they've like the notebook itself once they've like stamped through, which mine flew stamped through, which mine flew stamped through, which mine flew [snorts] through it in like less than 10 [snorts] through it in like less than 10 [snorts] through it in like less than 10 minutes and was like, I'm done. Um, but minutes and was like, I'm done. Um, but minutes and was like, I'm done. Um, but that's just kind of backstory. So, that's just kind of backstory. So, that's just kind of backstory. So, they're fun. My kids like them, but the they're fun. My kids like them, but the they're fun. My kids like them, but the notebook itself kind of runs out and notebook itself kind of runs out and notebook itself kind of runs out and then you just have to buy the refill. then you just have to buy the refill. then you just have to buy the refill. So, there's that. Oh, I need to put So, there's that. Oh, I need to put So, there's that. Oh, I need to put these clicks in the box. Um, these are these clicks in the box. Um, these are these clicks in the box. Um, these are our last one out of this bin. The rest our last one out of this bin. The rest our last one out of this bin. The rest of it is like more water, paints, things of it is like more water, paints, things of it is like more water, paints, things like that that we've already gone over. like that that we've already gone over. like that that we've already gone over. I don't want to go over too much. These I don't want to go over too much. These I don't want to go over too much. These are heavy. I don't think this is a good are heavy. I don't think this is a good are heavy. I don't think this is a good um flying travel toy, but a road trip um flying travel toy, but a road trip um flying travel toy, but a road trip travel toy, it is fun. So, it's got the travel toy, it is fun. So, it's got the travel toy, it is fun. So, it's got the little magnets in here. You've got the little magnets in here. You've got the little magnets in here. You've got the different bluey scenes. So, these are different bluey scenes. So, these are different bluey scenes. So, these are fun, but again, it is heavy, so you fun, but again, it is heavy, so you fun, but again, it is heavy, so you don't want to weigh down your backpack don't want to weigh down your backpack don't want to weigh down your backpack and things that you're having to carry. and things that you're having to carry. and things that you're having to carry. So, I wouldn't recommend this for that. So, I wouldn't recommend this for that. So, I wouldn't recommend this for that. But, as far as a road trip toy, this is But, as far as a road trip toy, this is But, as far as a road trip toy, this is great. Um, my girls have loved this kind great. Um, my girls have loved this kind great. Um, my girls have loved this kind of activity. Um, we had a princess one of activity. Um, we had a princess one of activity. Um, we had a princess one before and they liked it around two two before and they liked it around two two before and they liked it around two two and a half. So, yeah, that's going to do and a half. So, yeah, that's going to do and a half. So, yeah, that's going to do it for this basket. I have one more of it for this basket. I have one more of it for this basket. I have one more of some really great stuff. These are our some really great stuff. These are our some really great stuff. These are our things that we use in every single trip. things that we use in every single trip. things that we use in every single trip. So, that's why they're in a different So, that's why they're in a different So, that's why they're in a different basket. They're in our we just used them basket. They're in our we just used them basket. They're in our we just used them on a trip. They're here ready to go for on a trip. They're here ready to go for on a trip. They're here ready to go for the next trip. So, let me change my the next trip. So, let me change my the next trip. So, let me change my camera battery and then we're going to camera battery and then we're going to camera battery and then we're going to talk about that. [laughter] All right. talk about that. [laughter] All right. talk about that. [laughter] All right. New cat member battery cuz I had forgot New cat member battery cuz I had forgot New cat member battery cuz I had forgot to charge it. Didn't realize I was to charge it. Didn't realize I was to charge it. Didn't realize I was filming today. kind of forgot about that filming today. kind of forgot about that filming today. kind of forgot about that and you know it's the first time I've and you know it's the first time I've and you know it's the first time I've ever filmed a YouTube video so ever filmed a YouTube video so ever filmed a YouTube video so apparently I just forgot. But um to talk apparently I just forgot. But um to talk apparently I just forgot. But um to talk about the Yodo minis, these were great. about the Yodo minis, these were great. about the Yodo minis, these were great. These are something that ever since we These are something that ever since we These are something that ever since we bought them they have came came on every bought them they have came came on every bought them they have came came on every single trip. The girls got them for single trip. The girls got them for single trip. The girls got them for Christmas. I feel like it was last year Christmas. I feel like it was last year Christmas. I feel like it was last year and we've went every other month on a and we've went every other month on a and we've went every other month on a trip and they have taken these. They are trip and they have taken these. They are trip and they have taken these. They are great. They take them in the car. great. They take them in the car. great. They take them in the car. They'll take them upstairs and play with They'll take them upstairs and play with They'll take them upstairs and play with them and listen to the stories and you them and listen to the stories and you them and listen to the stories and you will hear them belting out, especially will hear them belting out, especially will hear them belting out, especially the Encanto card. My four-year-old is the Encanto card. My four-year-old is the Encanto card. My four-year-old is belting out the Isabella song. It's on belting out the Isabella song. It's on belting out the Isabella song. It's on like repeat right now, so that's usually like repeat right now, so that's usually like repeat right now, so that's usually her go-to. Um, we have little You can her go-to. Um, we have little You can her go-to. Um, we have little You can get the little princess story cards. You get the little princess story cards. You get the little princess story cards. You can get some of the Disney multiack. So, can get some of the Disney multiack. So, can get some of the Disney multiack. So, it's got Cinderella, Beauty and the it's got Cinderella, Beauty and the it's got Cinderella, Beauty and the Beast. Um, we have Mickey and Minnie's Beast. Um, we have Mickey and Minnie's Beast. Um, we have Mickey and Minnie's uh story time. We've got the Up story. uh story time. We've got the Up story. uh story time. We've got the Up story. She has Snow White on hers. I will say She has Snow White on hers. I will say She has Snow White on hers. I will say the best place to buy the cards is from the best place to buy the cards is from the best place to buy the cards is from Yodo themselves. They have the most Yodo themselves. They have the most Yodo themselves. They have the most variety. Um, so I ordered these I think variety. Um, so I ordered these I think variety. Um, so I ordered these I think during their Black Friday sale or Chris during their Black Friday sale or Chris during their Black Friday sale or Chris like right before Christmas. They had a like right before Christmas. They had a like right before Christmas. They had a pretty good sale. Um, so I'll show you pretty good sale. Um, so I'll show you pretty good sale. Um, so I'll show you the new cards that we got the kids um to the new cards that we got the kids um to the new cards that we got the kids um to have. But we've got Princess Stories 5 have. But we've got Princess Stories 5 have. But we've got Princess Stories 5 minutes. Um, we have a Disney Junior minutes. Um, we have a Disney Junior minutes. Um, we have a Disney Junior story book collection. We've got Moana story book collection. We've got Moana story book collection. We've got Moana We have I bought two of these because We have I bought two of these because We have I bought two of these because sometimes I try to like not have sometimes I try to like not have sometimes I try to like not have duplicates and then it's like that's duplicates and then it's like that's duplicates and then it's like that's sister's card and you guys can share and sister's card and you guys can share and sister's card and you guys can share and like working on that and that way it's like working on that and that way it's like working on that and that way it's not just I don't want to remove every not just I don't want to remove every not just I don't want to remove every bit of conflict from their life cuz they bit of conflict from their life cuz they bit of conflict from their life cuz they need to learn how to deal with conflict. need to learn how to deal with conflict. need to learn how to deal with conflict. But here we are. That's a whole other But here we are. That's a whole other But here we are. That's a whole other rabbit trail. But Disney hits I did buy rabbit trail. But Disney hits I did buy rabbit trail. But Disney hits I did buy two of those for them to listen to. We two of those for them to listen to. We two of those for them to listen to. We have Frozen that they can have. We've have Frozen that they can have. We've have Frozen that they can have. We've got another Frozen 5 minute stories. And got another Frozen 5 minute stories. And got another Frozen 5 minute stories. And then I got Thomas the Train for my then I got Thomas the Train for my then I got Thomas the Train for my four-year-old. She is like obsessed with four-year-old. She is like obsessed with four-year-old. She is like obsessed with Thomas the Train right now. It's a phase Thomas the Train right now. It's a phase Thomas the Train right now. It's a phase we're in. I know it's very off brandand we're in. I know it's very off brandand we're in. I know it's very off brandand for a Disney family, but she loves it. for a Disney family, but she loves it. for a Disney family, but she loves it. So, we've got those. Um, Spottit, this So, we've got those. Um, Spottit, this So, we've got those. Um, Spottit, this is a new one, but they love it. Um, is a new one, but they love it. Um, is a new one, but they love it. Um, we've got it's the princess version. we've got it's the princess version. we've got it's the princess version. They have a Disney version. They have a They have a Disney version. They have a They have a Disney version. They have a regular Spot It. That's not themed or regular Spot It. That's not themed or regular Spot It. That's not themed or whatever, but you put the cards down and whatever, but you put the cards down and whatever, but you put the cards down and you immediately try to find the match. you immediately try to find the match. you immediately try to find the match. Do you see the match? Do you see the match? Do you see the match? Leave a comment with the match. Leave a comment with the match. Leave a comment with the match. Mhm. So, the first person to find it is Mhm. So, the first person to find it is Mhm. So, the first person to find it is the winner of the game and you just keep the winner of the game and you just keep the winner of the game and you just keep putting them down. Um, you could play it putting them down. Um, you could play it putting them down. Um, you could play it that way or I even thought about giving that way or I even thought about giving that way or I even thought about giving them each a stack and just like them them each a stack and just like them them each a stack and just like them like shuffling through it like, "Okay, like shuffling through it like, "Okay, like shuffling through it like, "Okay, ready, set, switch, and like them ready, set, switch, and like them ready, set, switch, and like them switching the cards." But they loved switching the cards." But they loved switching the cards." But they loved this. We played it so much on our last this. We played it so much on our last this. We played it so much on our last trip um when we were sitting at trip um when we were sitting at trip um when we were sitting at restaurants, when we were sitting like restaurants, when we were sitting like restaurants, when we were sitting like on the cruise and like all these on the cruise and like all these on the cruise and like all these different things. It was fantastic. So different things. It was fantastic. So different things. It was fantastic. So well worth I think it was $10, $12, well worth I think it was $10, $12, well worth I think it was $10, $12, something like that. So worth it for something like that. So worth it for something like that. So worth it for that one. Oh, these are the little that one. Oh, these are the little that one. Oh, these are the little activity packs that I was talking about activity packs that I was talking about activity packs that I was talking about earlier from the small shop, A Spark of earlier from the small shop, A Spark of earlier from the small shop, A Spark of Inspiration. Her stuff is so cute. And Inspiration. Her stuff is so cute. And Inspiration. Her stuff is so cute. And so it's got them in their little mini so it's got them in their little mini so it's got them in their little mini outfits. And so those are cute. I love outfits. And so those are cute. I love outfits. And so those are cute. I love that it has a little key ring on it as that it has a little key ring on it as that it has a little key ring on it as well. And then it comes with a little well. And then it comes with a little well. And then it comes with a little box of sketch pencils. And then let's box of sketch pencils. And then let's box of sketch pencils. And then let's see if there's any stickers left in see if there's any stickers left in see if there's any stickers left in here. Yes, we've got a few stickers left here. Yes, we've got a few stickers left here. Yes, we've got a few stickers left in here and then some little a little in here and then some little a little in here and then some little a little pad which is so cute. We have some of pad which is so cute. We have some of pad which is so cute. We have some of our own um triangle crayons. If you're our own um triangle crayons. If you're our own um triangle crayons. If you're getting crayons, get the triangle getting crayons, get the triangle getting crayons, get the triangle crayons. They do not roll off the table crayons. They do not roll off the table crayons. They do not roll off the table which is fantastic. Um unless you have a which is fantastic. Um unless you have a which is fantastic. Um unless you have a thrower and they're still ending up off thrower and they're still ending up off thrower and they're still ending up off the table. But we've got those um the table. But we've got those um the table. But we've got those um glow sticks, a pack of glow sticks. I glow sticks, a pack of glow sticks. I glow sticks, a pack of glow sticks. I grabbed this box at Walmart. We didn't grabbed this box at Walmart. We didn't grabbed this box at Walmart. We didn't use all of them, so I'm just going to use all of them, so I'm just going to use all of them, so I'm just going to take the rest of them on our next trip. take the rest of them on our next trip. take the rest of them on our next trip. Uh, more of those mesh bags. Got these Uh, more of those mesh bags. Got these Uh, more of those mesh bags. Got these to try. They're supposed to be like to try. They're supposed to be like to try. They're supposed to be like natural. I don't know. I I say that natural. I don't know. I I say that natural. I don't know. I I say that loosely because it's like one minute loosely because it's like one minute loosely because it's like one minute these something's great for you and the these something's great for you and the these something's great for you and the next minute it's not. And I just have next minute it's not. And I just have next minute it's not. And I just have clean natural fatigue of all of the like clean natural fatigue of all of the like clean natural fatigue of all of the like of like changing the mind. So, of like changing the mind. So, of like changing the mind. So, yeah. Sometimes I care, sometimes I yeah. Sometimes I care, sometimes I yeah. Sometimes I care, sometimes I don't about being crunchy. Here we are. don't about being crunchy. Here we are. don't about being crunchy. Here we are. Let's see. I've got other stuff in here Let's see. I've got other stuff in here Let's see. I've got other stuff in here that's like travel stuff that we've got that's like travel stuff that we've got that's like travel stuff that we've got organized. So they'll there'll be other organized. So they'll there'll be other organized. So they'll there'll be other parts. Last kids travel activity. This parts. Last kids travel activity. This parts. Last kids travel activity. This is like other stuff. The last kids is like other stuff. The last kids is like other stuff. The last kids travel activity are these guys. They are travel activity are these guys. They are travel activity are these guys. They are fantastic. We have used these little fantastic. We have used these little fantastic. We have used these little coloring place mats with the girls ever coloring place mats with the girls ever coloring place mats with the girls ever since I think they were one maybe even. since I think they were one maybe even. since I think they were one maybe even. Yeah, I think around one for sure with Yeah, I think around one for sure with Yeah, I think around one for sure with Bella. Um but they're great. It leaves a Bella. Um but they're great. It leaves a Bella. Um but they're great. It leaves a they stick down to the table. It leaves they stick down to the table. It leaves they stick down to the table. It leaves a clean space. So, even if your baby a clean space. So, even if your baby a clean space. So, even if your baby isn't quite fully coloring yet, it's a isn't quite fully coloring yet, it's a isn't quite fully coloring yet, it's a great like clean spot for them to be great like clean spot for them to be great like clean spot for them to be able to have their food and so it's not able to have their food and so it's not able to have their food and so it's not on the table. Um, so that's fantastic. on the table. Um, so that's fantastic. on the table. Um, so that's fantastic. If you have a kid that's not great with If you have a kid that's not great with If you have a kid that's not great with plates, this is fantastic. Um, once they plates, this is fantastic. Um, once they plates, this is fantastic. Um, once they start getting older, it's fun for them start getting older, it's fun for them start getting older, it's fun for them to color. It gives them an activity to to color. It gives them an activity to to color. It gives them an activity to do before the meal arrives or even after do before the meal arrives or even after do before the meal arrives or even after they've eaten their two bites and you're they've eaten their two bites and you're they've eaten their two bites and you're like two bites into yours and you're like two bites into yours and you're like two bites into yours and you're like, I still want to eat my meal. like, I still want to eat my meal. like, I still want to eat my meal. There's something for them to do. So, There's something for them to do. So, There's something for them to do. So, this is a great activity. comes in a this is a great activity. comes in a this is a great activity. comes in a large pack, so it will more than cover large pack, so it will more than cover large pack, so it will more than cover your trip, but it's great for going out your trip, but it's great for going out your trip, but it's great for going out to restaurants, going to Chick-fil-A, to restaurants, going to Chick-fil-A, to restaurants, going to Chick-fil-A, doing whatever. Those are so so fun. So, doing whatever. Those are so so fun. So, doing whatever. Those are so so fun. So, I think that's going to do it. The rest I think that's going to do it. The rest I think that's going to do it. The rest of this is other travel things, so we of this is other travel things, so we of this is other travel things, so we won't have to go through those. But, I won't have to go through those. But, I won't have to go through those. But, I hope you did enjoy today's video. If you hope you did enjoy today's video. If you hope you did enjoy today's video. If you did, don't forget, click that thumbs up did, don't forget, click that thumbs up did, don't forget, click that thumbs up button, red subscribe button. Um, these button, red subscribe button. Um, these button, red subscribe button. Um, these are just some of our favorites, some of are just some of our favorites, some of are just some of our favorites, some of the things that didn't work. A lot of it the things that didn't work. A lot of it the things that didn't work. A lot of it I've done a purging, not there's a plant I've done a purging, not there's a plant I've done a purging, not there's a plant here. Sorry. another purging not so long here. Sorry. another purging not so long here. Sorry. another purging not so long ago. So, we don't have a we didn't have ago. So, we don't have a we didn't have ago. So, we don't have a we didn't have a ton of stuff that's just like me. But, a ton of stuff that's just like me. But, a ton of stuff that's just like me. But, that is going to do it. So, I hope you that is going to do it. So, I hope you that is going to do it. So, I hope you enjoyed it. Don't forget to leave me enjoyed it. Don't forget to leave me enjoyed it. Don't forget to leave me your three things. And if you are part your three things. And if you are part your three things. And if you are part of my end of the video club, which of my end of the video club, which of my end of the video club, which welcome to that since you've made it to welcome to that since you've made it to welcome to that since you've made it to this part, you're going to have to leave this part, you're going to have to leave this part, you're going to have to leave me an airplane and a car emoji with your me an airplane and a car emoji with your me an airplane and a car emoji with your comment. That way, I know you're part of comment. That way, I know you're part of comment. That way, I know you're part of the secret end of the video club. But, the secret end of the video club. But, the secret end of the video club. But, thank you guys so so much for watching thank you guys so so much for watching thank you guys so so much for watching and I'll see you right here in the next and I'll see you right here in the next and I'll see you right here in the next one. Bye.
