---
video_id: dWA62LpgQ6o
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "❄️ Winter Disney World Travel Day | January at Disney"
published: 2026-01-29
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWA62LpgQ6o
---
Cue [music] the confetti, Mickey, because our Disney World travel day has finally arrived. Today, we are flying [music] to Disney World, checking in to the Drury Hotel, Disney [music] Springs, exploring the resort, as well as popping into Magic Kingdom for a little bit of evening [music] magic. So, come along with us as we settle in for our Disney winter trip. Woo! [music] [music] Heat! >> [music] >> It's Disney World Travel Day and I am so excited and also so excited that you have decided to virtually come along with us for our winter Disney trip. Disney World travel days are always the best and I'm excited to be taking you along. Now, let's go ahead and do some airporty things before we jump on this plane. Before we head off to make sure our [music] gate still exists here at the airport, we are going to check a couple of bags. So, we are flying Spirit [music] Airlines. I love Spirit. I know they get a bad rap, but they are my favorite. And especially their one-way tickets that a lot of times we can get for anywhere from $30 to about $45 a person. It is such a steal. We check two bags and it saves our family literally hundreds flying out of Nashville. So, if you're in the Nashville area or you have a Spirit that flies direct, definitely check them out. >> 12 lbs. [music] >> That's a lot. Yeah, >> I got an idea. >> Have your ID ready. Since my girls were born, we have had the privilege of taking over 56 flights with my oldest who is six and just a few shy of that with my four-year-old. And well, we know a thing or two [music] because, well, we've seen a thing or two. And so, with that, I do want to kind of impart some of that knowledge on to you. And if there's two things that I can leave with you, everyone gets a job, even the littlest one. That way, they feel apart and they have something to do. And also talk through the situation. Do what you're doing. Watch these vlogs with your children. Show the experience. [music] Let them know what is going to happen and visually and verbally prep them. And I promise you, this whole stressful [music] process will become a lot less stressful. I'll pass your bags. You might be able to put both of these. >> All right, step over. That's not ours. Hello. Good job. >> I got your phone. >> Okay. >> Your phone's there. My phone's here. This is this. Let's do this. >> That's true. >> You girls ready for some chicken nitties? I know the fact that we are stopping to pick up food and adjust the stroller and all the things is probably freaking some of you out because we didn't go and immediately check and make sure the gate existed. But in our defense, that would require us to hop on a tram because unfortunately we're not flying a bougie airline. So, we're not in the main terminal and you have to take a bus to get to the terminal. So, we got to get first things first. So, we're doing the Chick-fil-A. We're doing the Starbucks. He's setting up the stroller while I'm getting the Chick-fil-A. And then we're going to go over there. But I promise, guys, the gate's not going anywhere. >> Do I want a what? >> I can't. >> Do I want a biscuit? [music] >> Ask him if he wants caramel or vanilla. >> Vanilla. [music] >> Or vanilla. >> Vanilla or what? No. >> I don't know what you're saying. [music] >> Color in vanilla. >> No. >> Coffee. >> What? >> Yeah. From there. From there. >> Yes. >> Yeah. >> I'm ordering it. >> Uh, French vanilla. Say French vanilla latte. >> All right. Which one did you want? Vanilla. >> Vanilla latte. >> Okay, I can do that. >> We'll see if she got it. [music] >> There we go. All right, we've got one, two side bags are now on. >> Side bag. side bag. So, we're good. >> Um, >> one order of [music] hash browns packet. >> Yeah, >> that's a good idea. I like >> that is a game. >> Oh, is it a game? >> Yes. >> How many packets was that? >> Three. >> Oh, good counting. Hello. Breakfie. Breie. Break. Breakfast. Ricky, breakfast has been a part. I don't know why it was hard to say. This is not an early flight for us. >> Oh, Brexy. [music] >> [music] [music] >> This one's yours. >> I was looking for a hot and an iced beverage. I accidentally ordered hot. >> Oh, boo. >> Yeah, >> mine's good. >> I know. We're going to have chicken minis in just a few minutes. Okay. We've not been down this way in a while. Mm-m. >> We are now t-minus 52 minutes until our boarding time begins. And we decided to do a little pit stop here and let the girls play for 10 minutes. We set a timer. We showed them the timer. We did the whole thing. They played, they moved, they wiggled, and then we were ready to chill and sit on the airplane and eat our breakfast and do the whole thing. But seriously, move, move, move. If your airport has a playground, have them walk. do something to get those wiggles out before you have to sit still for a while cuz that's difficult for some of us adults, much less children. So, go ahead, get them moving. And it's also a great time to divide and conquer. One of you can get waters. One of you can take an uninterrupted pea break without having are you done yet? said 25 times before you're finished. You know, whatever you choose to do. All right, mommy's going to jump. >> BIG ONE. [laughter] >> JUMP OVER THE WHOLE THING. >> Look at my short legs. [laughter] We got it. >> You have short legs. Your big purse. >> Big one. >> DAD, JUMP OVER THE BIG ONE. >> WOW. >> Daddy can just step over him. Nope. >> All right, Lucy, you ready? Good job, Dad. >> Is that good to do with the laptop on the back? >> Debatable. >> All right. So, they don't come off. Okay. >> How the colors go back. >> Mhm. I like that. Don't you? We've not got to come play here in a while, have we? It's pretty cool, huh? Wa! Look, a window. >> Oh, it is. >> Nothing says welcome to BNA like tootsies and country music in the airport. If you know, you know. >> We're going to go get on the shuttle. >> [music] [singing] [music] >> First elevator of the trip. >> No. >> Yep. All right. Cuz what are the rules? Who gets the outside? >> Who gets the inside? >> Me. >> Whoa. Wait. We got to let other guests get off. >> Lower our level to guess. >> Yep. And we've got to go where? >> Level one. Good job. >> Thank you. >> Oh, it's a sticker. >> Oh my goodness. >> Oh, it's a Hello Kitty sticker. You saw it. [music] [music] >> [music] [music] [music] >> And that, my friends, is how [music] it's done. So, what we're going to do is we're going to get out one box of chicken minis. >> Yes. And you're each going to grab one cuz they're calling for people to get ready to board. >> Chicken Mini. >> Chicken Mini. >> Good job. If you are flying with your own personal stroller, which personally [music] I highly recommend. You know it, you love it, you're familiar with it. It's not [music] something that's going to be completely different for you, bring yourself a gate check bag. I will link the one we use down below. and put your stroller in it. This thing is fantastic. It keeps it from getting dirty. This one is not padded, but it is [music] going to keep it protected from dirt and debris and junk in the airplane trunk. >> Have a knot tied in it. >> Yeah. >> And so I'm like, uhoh, I better tie my knot. >> There we go. Uh let's see. Will you go throw toss this in the trash can? >> All right. So, we're using this time right now to consolidate bags. >> All right. Are you finished with your water for now, Belle? >> No. >> No. Okay. >> No. >> No. >> All right. They started to board. Um, so Ashley took Bella to go do a quick potty check so that we can have a nice easy [music] clean flight. >> That was >> this way. >> That was a big bathroom. Well, it's our time. Our time to shine. >> Go, Belle. You first. >> There we go. >> Thank you. >> You're welcome. You >> Lucy, >> that's me. >> That's you. And Anthony, >> that's me. >> All right, we missed one. >> And Bella, >> I guess we're both on trend with the polka dot. [laughter] >> So cute. >> Have a good day. >> That was funny. [music] Florida, we're very glad to have you with us. I'm sure as you can see from the gate area that it is not a full flight today. >> The battle of the airplane accessories begins. >> What's that? >> This one scares me. >> That feel like my coffee is going to hit the floor in this thing. >> Is that for us kids? >> Nope. Our flight time this morning is 1 hour 36 minutes. 1 hour 36 minutes to Orlando. >> In just a few moments, boarding will be complete. When it is, we're going to ask you to turn off your laptops. And in the airplane mode, you can ask the nearest 5-year-old. I'm sure to help you. We're on our way to Orlando. We hope Orlando was your intended destination. If it is not, it soon will be. So, please let us know if Orlando is not the place you intended to go this morning. >> But it looks cool. >> Let's see if we can take the bottom off of it. >> This. >> Mhm. >> Now it fits. >> Let's see. The bottom comes off. >> Cool. I already use my sand hand sanitizer. We'll see with the airplane pocket. I don't I don't know how much I trust it with my coffee. It's about halfway. So maybe I don't know. Setting with the other cup. I suppose I could set it like this. >> I don't know. >> I don't know. We'll see. I'll give you my thoughts in about an hour and a half. >> [music] >> You're testing it out. Works pretty good, huh? Especially considering we've not even taken off and we've already went through half of our stickers. each vest. When exiting the aircraft, pull down on the red tab at the bottom of the vest to inflate. The vest can also be inflated by blowing into the tube located at shoulder level. [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. >> [music] [music] >> Heat. Heat. >> [music] [music] >> All right, final thoughts on the first experience of the Bev Ledge versus the Airplane Pocket. And I have to say the winner is the Airplane Pocket. So, I really did enjoy using that one a bit more. The Bevge is great, but it also requires you again to have a window seat. So, unless you are for sure going to have a window seat, then this is a bit more flexible. I love that it had a few different pockets. So, one of them I was able to toss some extra napkins in. They fit the girls water bottles great. With two cups, I was able to set my coffee cup into it. It was the first flight I didn't spill a single drop of coffee, so that felt very successful to me. It also folds up really small. So, all in all, the airplane pocket is my winner of choice. Obviously, I own both of them, but yeah, the airplane pocket just was a lot more flexible in my opinion. Had no issues on using it on the flight. The flight attendants were like, "Those things are great." Thought it was fantastic. So yeah, if you are looking for some of my airplane favorites, travel favorites on an airplane, you can go ahead scan the QR code and check that out. But welcome to Orlando. [music] >> Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. [music] Oh, hi. Hi, girls. >> I'm going to make my favorite golden. >> Let's do this. >> I miss Goldie. >> Are you excited to see Ombberto again? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Been a long time. It has >> last time [music] are located on level one. [music] [music] >> That is where we usually get off. I was kind of switching it up today, huh? [music] So strong. [music] USA. >> Hey, how you doing? Well, long time no see. [laughter] >> They went down to um to 1 to go to the bathroom. >> Oh, okay. >> Uh so we can just grab the [music] bags and what over here. And then look, the girls are so excited. They're like, "We got Mr. Al. I haven't seen him in ages." >> I know there nothing in this one. [laughter] >> Well, thank you. >> So, she's Oh, there they are. Hey, babe. >> Hey, Bob. >> Hey, Bob. >> Hi. >> Hello. [music] >> And we're all going to go find, right? >> Come with me. Let's do a quick potty check before we get in the car. Perfect. [music] >> Haven't seen you in forever. I thought you left us. I know. >> I've been here. >> Oh, good. >> Are you ready? >> Oh, it is Mickey and Minnie over there. >> No. >> That's cool. >> You guys are so big now. [laughter] >> Oh, you lose a tooth. >> Oh, yes. We've lost a few teeth since we saw you last. >> We have tried out multiple transportation companies over the years of going to Disney, and MCO to Disney is hands down our favorite. But I will have their information here on the screen, a QR code if you need to scan that if it's more convenient, and a information in the description box below. I will have my discount code that they have given me to share with you guys as well. And they are seriously the best. We have gotten to experience over 15 of their different drivers and they have all been amazing. But I will say we are a little biased and we do really enjoy having Mr. Ombberto as our driver. He is one of our family's favorites. So if you get him, consider yourself extra lucky. >> We got the lightest. >> That's like the movie luggage. >> Yeah. Oh no, my luggage is so heavy. Ah, >> just checking in. >> Perfect. What was the last name? >> Right. W R I G HT. >> I have two floors available. I have the 14th floor and the eighth floor. Which one would you prefer? Um, are there any of them that have like a view towards like the parks or anything? Let's go higher. Why not? [laughter] [music] >> Popcorn and soda. That is all included with your stay on the second floor. And these cards will provide each adult over 21 with three alcoholic drinks for free during the kickback from 5:30 until 7:30 p.m. for each night during the stay. >> Okay. >> This one is going to be until tomorrow only. So after tomorrow, you can come back at the furnace and we'll give you a copy of the new schedule. Perfect. All right. So just be sure to be there 5 minutes earlier cuz that's uh it's first come first serve. >> Absolutely. Okay. >> I'll check in and we got a complimentary upgrade. >> Ooh. All right. Let's go. >> That's a good looking spot. >> Okay, Dreary. Oh, here's the phone tower. Okay, this is us. >> Well, nope. Mama can't drive. I can get it on the bus, but I can't get it in the elevator. [laughter] Okay. I have to take back all the bragging I did earlier. >> Oh, were you doing some bragging? >> Well, [laughter] let's see if I can >> almost tip top. I was just like, "Do any of the rooms available have a view towards the parks?" And she's like, "That's a different room category, but I can see if we have anything available." And she's like, "We do. That will put you on a higher floor." I'm like, that's fine with me. The higher the better. [laughter] >> Oh, so pretty. Oh, sweet. Look. All right, there's Disney Springs to the left there. Or straight ahead, I guess. And then straight off, you can see Swan and Dolphin. See the top of the ball, I believe. >> Yeah, they're just past >> I think that's past Cosmic Rewind. >> Oh, yeah. Look at that pool. >> All right, let's go, GUYS. >> THE HOT TUB. >> The hot tub. >> Oh, what a nice spot. >> I know. We're so close to the elevator. >> I like this. >> I do, too. That's pretty cool. >> This ain't bad. I'm I see you off property. I see you. >> It's about 50 lbs. >> Well, welcome to the Drury. I am so excited. We wanted to switch it up and try an off-propyish resort. Even though this does not feel like an off- property because right there is Disney Springs. Like you can see the balloon. We can see Epcot right past that lovely building over there. And then right past the contemporary, you can see a bit of the castle peeking up in all of her glory. But I'm really excited. This room feels pretty spacious. So, that is a plus for the room versus a value room cuz it's kind of similar price point. So, kind of comparing that. It's a little bit it's like right that's in between a value moderate price. So, I'm very excited to be staying here. And also huge shout out to Dream Along with Julie Vacations. She is actually sponsoring our nights here and our second portion which is going to be over at Art of Animation. So, I'm really excited, super excited to take you guys along, share our thoughts, even though it is hosted with Julie. These thoughts and opinions are my own cuz I've not worked this hard. Start lying to you now. But a bit more on her in just a minute. I'm going to start setting up the room, getting unpacked. We have some groceries downstairs with Bell Services that we need to grab and kind of getting settled in. I need to film a full room tour video. We're doing a room tour review, resort review, whole thing. So, expect that. If it's not already on the channel, it will be coming soon after this. But, I'm going to get to work unpacking and then we're going to talk a bit more about Julie. While Dean is off to grab our groceries, you and I are going to start setting up the room. It is extremely helpful to at least get a lay of the land, have things laid out that you are going to need to get in and out of your toiletries. If you did some prepping of your suitcase with packing cubes, things like that, having those laid out, whether you're hanging packing cubes, you're putting them in drawers, whatever system works best for you, going ahead and getting that room ready to go and knowing where things are for the week is going to be a huge help. Also, the moment of silence is brought to you by the tablets. We saved them until the last minute, >> and now I get to unpack in peace. Let's get back to it now to talk about our lovely host Julie. If you are getting ready to start planning your 2026 Disney vacation, whether you are a brand new person or you are a seasoned Disney vet, I would highly recommend checking out Julie. I get to work with a few different travel planners that are absolutely incredible, and Julie is one of those. She literally makes the process so simple. is sending you reminders of all the little things, which when you get busy in life, yes, your Disney vacation is exciting and you're anticipating those, but sometimes life gets in the way and you need those little gentle reminders of, hey, your window is coming up for this or you need to think about that or here's a map for your resort and here are your transportation options and here's this and she's just handing you all this stuff. Like, I'm not even having to go to Google to look up a map of the resort. She's emailing it to me and got it all little drawn up of this is this and this is that and it was just absolutely amazing the entire process from start to finish of working with her from the conception of our trip of wanting to do a split stay and looking at resorts and options and all of the things from start to finish was just absolutely beautiful. So, if you are looking for an amazing travel planner that can be as handson or as hands off as you would personally like, definitely give her a shout. I will have her QR code. Have had it up while I was talking about her. But if you are wanting to book with her, go ahead, give that a scan. Get your countdown going and you are not going to regret it. Fancy meal here. So, I don't normally ask my grocery delivery men this, but uh you want to stay? >> I do. >> Oh, [laughter] sweet. I got two kids. You okay with that? >> Yeah. >> Sweet. [laughter] >> Note to self, definitely talk about grocery delivery. Did that. That's got to go in the review. [sighs] I mentioned this in the review video, but I wanted to also mention it here. If you are coming and staying at the Drury, be sure to order your groceries to be delivered while you are at the resort. So, for me, I like to order them earlier so that if I get substitution notifications, I can approve or decline any substitutions that I might receive for my grocery order. So, with that, I did not realize that this was unlike Disney resorts. So, with Disney resorts, the the groceries are delivered to their Bell services. Bell services places them in a refrigerator. So, normally fruit, things like that that do need to be refrigerated are safe. Unfortunately, this had been sitting out for about 6 hours. So, wasn't personally comfortable with the items not being refrigerated. They were very much so room temperature and had been for a while. And so it was not worth the risk for us to potentially get sick. So wanted to make that note for you guys that might be staying here. That was the only thing that it was like, oh, that was an us thing, but it was just not knowing because we are used to staying on property. So if you are coming uh from staying at Disney resorts and that being kind of part of your routine and knowing, okay, it goes to Bell Services, it goes in the fridge, this is a bit different than that. So, just to note, not a bad thing. It's just something you want to be aware of. >> Look at all this >> cuz we got to have somewhere to park this thing. Since we are also at a resort that has a bus schedule, this one is good for today and tomorrow. And then the day after that, they create a new schedule, so we can stop by and grab that. But I'm gonna take a photo of it because I want to make sure I have this information. I know you can look it up online. But it will be easier to just go through and find the photo and be able to have this or I can text it even to Dean and we can like have it in our little chat thread and be able to find it there. However, but this is going to be integral because we're we're on property people. So this this is a little different for us. We're used to just walking up and you wait till the bus arrives and then you go to Disney. This is this is a little different. So, >> we're acclimating. Okay, bear with us cuz I'm usually a I don't care if it's allstar sports get me in the bubble kind of person, but I'm very intrigued by the jewelry. We We love the jewelry other places. So, I was like very excited to try this out here and it being within like walking distance. We've stayed at some of the other hotels here within walking distance. So, I'm like, we'll give it a shot, see how it goes. We could really like it. We could really not. We can learn some things. And even if we don't stay here again, you learn some things if you're coming and staying here too or looking at staying here. and just because it's not perfect for our family, it might be perfect for somebody else. So, I love trying things out and being able to share about the experience and that way you're better equipped to make those decisions of what's going to be best for your family and learning from our mistakes, deciding, you know what, I'm sorry it didn't work out for you, but we love it. Whatever floats your boat and being able to do that cuz that is exactly why I share the content that I do is so that you guys can also have an amazing vacation. So, let's go learn some stuff together. That was really suspenseful. >> You're right. >> Time to go fill up the ice bags. Right, ice bags are full. So, we can start chilling things in the cooler cuz it appears that the refrigerator is a beverage cooler. So, it's not going to get things super cold. Hey, excuse you. Those are from when we go to the pool. >> Okay. >> Can I put on my swimies? >> Not yet. We got strawberries. So, we got our ice bags. I'm going to pop those down in the cooler and then put some of our drinks and things in there that we're going to want cuz I have a feeling the ice is going to get it cold faster than the beverage cooler is my guess. All right, room tour has been filmed. I can check that off the list. I do need to make a couple photos. I just remembered that. Um, I do need to make photos and then a couple of little clips for the gram of the room, but I'm going to go ahead and throw on my swimsuit and get ready to head down and meet Dean and the girls at the pool. There is a Pizza Hut on level one, so may run by Pizza Hut and get a little cheese pizza for us to like split and enjoy. But I'm going to change and I'll see y'all in a minute. >> [music] >> Pizza has been ordered. Going to grab some towels and meet the fan by the pool. [music] >> [laughter] [music] >> almost. >> 1 2 [music] 3 >> [music] >> It's recording. >> [music] >> Thank you. [music] >> Hey guys, welcome. >> [music] >> Back. Come back. [music] Here we go. [music] All >> [music] [music] [music] >> right, turn it on. Wow. [music] >> Where did you see this? Right. >> Mirror selfie. All right, we are clean and it is time for I keep forgetting what it is. I kept wanting to call it like order of hour or happy hour. What is it? >> I don't know. >> Same thing. I'm like food, >> whatever they call their thing here. I'm [laughter] going to I'm going to remember it by the end of this. I'm going to have it remembered of it. Okay, we're going to go do that and then we're going to go to Magic King. >> Thank you. Wow. [music] [music] [music] What are you doing? Well, the kick has been backed. The kickback has been backed. The kickback. >> We're back from the kickback, baby. >> And um which >> we can talk more about that in the review video. We don't want to bore you with all those details, but we had we had dinner. It was quick. Some of us were hangry, so we were in parental mode. Um, but we did grab coffee, so this helped with us. Um, right before walking up the door, it was complimentary coffee, so we were able to bring it with us. Hopped on the bus, stopped at Disney Springs. Now we're at Magic Kingdom. We didn't stop at Disney Springs, the bus did. But now we're at the TTC. gonna hopefully make it in, watch the parade, get some ice cream, and then we'll see about fireworks, whether we like watch it from in the park or if we're like, "Nope, we're going to just go ahead and dip before then." So, let's go have some fun and enjoy our evening. Rail races. Let's go. >> Okay. The thing I was not expecting, January 10th, still rocking the Christmas vibes. >> [music] >> I I don't remember them keeping Christmas around this long. Maybe we just came later in January. I I'm just kind of in shock for a second. I'm not mad about it, though. As a diehard Christmas girly, I thought I was not going to see it again like this until November. So, I'm not mad. Definitely not mad. Just a little like just a little shocked. But I love it. It's so pretty. Like the trees still here. everything like the music. >> I feel like it's Christmas all over again. It's kind of trippy with the brain considering like you're done and like you're like taking decorations down at home. It's very on. >> Lucy was so excited. She's like, "Mommy, the Christmas party way is open." A >> So, we're going to sneak through the back. Thank you. Heat. Thank you so much. >> Do you want an ice cream cone or an a spoon or do you just want to lick it? >> Lick. >> Lick. Okay. >> Yummy. >> That looks so good. >> What was Mickey ice cream cone? [laughter] It is melting so fast. >> But is it good though? >> It is very good though. You can't see it, but we have ice cream. [music] >> And the Christmas vibes are still vibing and I love it. [music] [bell] If we wanted to watch part of the fireworks from here, this [music] would be the spot. >> That would be the spot. >> Ready to begin? >> Ready? I love the food now. [music] >> [music] >> Star [music] [music] Wait [music] a [music] minute. [music] [music] >> [music] >> Bye-bye. [music] >> [screaming] >> Wow. Wow. Wow. Heat. Heat. I don't think it's blue. >> It sounds like the one. >> It sounds very similar to it. >> Are you sleepy? >> I like it. >> Please step carefully onto the platform, then the car. or through the future right by two of my favorite spots. >> Mr. Johnson at the control tower to confirm your flight to the moon. [music] Please keep arms. Drop the lighting. >> Get the first. >> Yeah, they said use the first rows. >> I love things here. >> There's a rumor going around backstage that there's a kid out here and they're GOING TO BUY CHURROS for everyone IN THE UP. >> HEY, THERE'S THE KID. >> [applause] >> THANKS, KID. That's really nice of you. [laughter] If >> you're not impressed, you have a credit card already. >> Okay, I'll pretend to be who's coming out to start starting. You guys can get Here we go. Hello, HUMANS. [screaming] That was great. [laughter] That was creatures. [screaming] >> OH, VERY GOOD. >> When you grow up, >> butterfly. >> You want to be a butterfly? That's awesome. I don't have any jokes about [laughter] how you see. What do you want to be? >> A kangaroo. >> Okay. Hey. Hey. What do you call a lazy kangaroo? >> What? >> A pouch potato. [laughter] >> Hey, do you girls have any jokes? >> Yeah, you know a joke >> about the cookie. >> Somebody thinks you do. >> Then why'd you go to the hospital? >> Why did the cookie go to the hospital? >> I don't know. Why did the cookie go to the hospital? >> Because it felt crummy. >> THAT'S A GREAT JOKE. [applause] OKAY, I got a knock-knock joke you can both help me with. Knock-knock. >> Knock knock. [laughter] >> I'll tell you who's there. Knock-knock. IT'S THAT GUY. >> GIVE IT UP FOR MY AWESOME COMEDY PARTNERS LUCY and Bella. [cheering] >> You was asking A BIG SHOW. >> [music] >> Come find me. >> [music] >> Heat. Heat. [music] [music] Oh no. Woo. WOO. >> [music] >> NICE. >> It feels like post Christmas party. [music] >> I'm telling you, that's pretty nice. >> Oh, wait. That's crazy. >> Yeah. [music] >> We are off on a quest for a pink donut. So, let's go see if we can find one. [music] [music] >> [music] >> Two pink donuts left in the case. [music] Will I get one of them? Cross fingers for me. [music] [music] The spoils are mine. 10 minutes. I feel like we've done this before. [laughter] >> This does feel like deja vu. [laughter] >> Let's stand in a different spot this time, though. >> Yes. I did not like that spot at all. >> Yeah. If anybody wants to know, that spot right there in front of >> the confectionary sign. >> The confectionary sign >> where you get the fancy popcorn. >> Yeah. It's kind of like >> it's just >> No, it's it's not good at all. It's not a good spot. >> The audio, the reason, by the way, is awful. Like it you can hear it, but you're hearing the wrong music for what you're seeing. >> Yeah. It doesn't line up right. >> No, it doesn't. Uh let's go hop in front of the train station. >> Let's do that. >> We can like be right on the line. Is this [laughter] >> the first big donut of the year? >> Cheers. >> Yes, it is. >> That's yummy. >> Uh-huh. [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] Yeah. [music] Heat. [music] [music] [music] Am I dreaming? Wow, look at that. [music] So cool. [music] [music] >> [music] [music] [music] [music] >> There's so many stars tonight. Come on, everybody. >> Let's do this. [music] >> Here we go. Girls, look to the left. >> The water pageant. >> It's the electrical water pageant. >> Electrical water. There you go, girl. At least there's not a swarm. >> You're good. Sorry. At least there's not a swarm of people coming towards the buses. >> Yeah, for sure. this. I I don't feel so bad about this. This >> Yeah. There goes or there goes or there comes Dreary now. >> It's got me feeling like Yeah. Let's go. >> I know. >> I see it. I see the bus. >> C19. C19. Let's go. Was 19, right? >> Uh yeah. It's that one. >> Yeah. It's super close, which is nice. The bus stop out here that makes me laugh though >> is Four Seasons. >> That's the one in the boondocks, ain't it? >> No, that's the bougie resort. It's like, you're kidding me. You pay all that money and you got to come to the TTC? Heck no. >> Nope. >> Heck no. >> Ain't no way. Here we go. Got some sleepy girls. Feel like transportation we made good odds and made good time. It's 25 minutes getting here. I think we took 24 minutes to get to Magic Kingdom. Both times we stopped at Disney Springs. I I don't feel like that's terrible. >> That wasn't bad. >> I've Maybe it's worse at other times, >> but this that that's not bad. >> But we'll see how Epcot is tomorrow. So, I I want to try the different transportations. That's part of the reason I wanted to go to Magic Kingdom tonight is we love going to Magic Kingdom. Don't get me wrong, but for science, I'm like, I don't want to avoid the hard just because we're staying here and save, oh, we're only going to go to Magic Kingdom when we're staying at a Disney resort. You know what I mean? So, we're testing this out so we can see. I felt like it was good. So, we can get into more like the details on all, but just wanted to kind of recap this experience. I don't feel like that was bad. I just I don't feel like that was bad.
