---
video_id: ftDEciEF9Fk
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "Day 3 ✨ SPRING BREAK at Disney World | Caribbean Beach + Animal Kingdom"
published: 2026-04-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftDEciEF9Fk
---
I'm just kidding about the rest days or for the week part. But if it doesn't look like 14 and 1/2 hours at the pool and playground like those things you see on Instagram, that's okay, too. Doing what's best for your family is what is important. So, come along for our version of rest day. Well, good morning and welcome to day number three. We're starting it out lowkey cuz last night we were up late. We stayed at Magic Kingdom. We shut it down. We actually stayed past shut down and then ended up coming back and getting all settled in in the bed by like 1:00. So, we slept in, let everybody sleep, woke up naturally at 9:00. We got some little breakfast in the room. We're just kind of hanging out at the resort. And then later on, we're going to do a little bit of Animal Kingdom time. But this morning, after two backtoback like big park days, felt like this was needed. So, we're doing a half day. We cannot do like our family cannot do a full rest day. We just we like to go and be in the parks too much. We're just too big of park people. But a half rest day that we can do. So that is the goal for today. Do a little relaxing, a little just kind of slow morning and then head out to the park for the evening. After a bit of relaxation has been had, Dean's going to go grab the laundry that I started earlier. So, we're going to kind of switch places. He's going to go get that, but go check out the laundry with him. All right, first things first. Looks like there's eight washers and eight dryers. I'm slightly less sandy. >> It's easy to get uber sandy. >> It swear if you just look at sand, it gets all over you. I don't know how it works, but she's going to help me. All right, though. Time to get up. No. Still no. Yeah. When I said put the stuff in the bag, I didn't mean all the sand. That is poisonous. I should have been more clear. All right. Just a quick little thing here. We have these wonderful little ice packs here. So, I fill it up with ice in the morning, stick it in our pack. I put four to six bottles of water, four body armors in here. So, boom, we got four bottles of water, two body armors, a couple of Alanis, cuz they're delicious, nutritious. This one's Lucy's um snacks. So Lucy decided with apples and carrots because she says carrots are good for um making you feel refreshed. Better than apple slices, she says. Again, so we zip it up. Boom. Boom. Boom. Ready to go. And yesterday there was still ice inside of the little packets in here. So let's get my seal of approval. This thing's doing great. And also considering it was 90° outside, that thing did great. So we're happy with it. 7 minutes. Goodbye. It's a fun little backpack. Says you. >> All right, let's go. >> No donuts. >> Onward to another Joffrey's. >> I thought we were GOING TO GET OUR DRINKS. OKAY, I'm definitely going to want a big one. And guess what? At >> our house, my sister been hiding in there. >> What? >> Okay, cool. >> She has one from a past trip, huh? >> The wilderness must be explored. >> All right, we go have some fun exploring today. All right, the last thing we have to do is put some bird wings out for a minute and we're GOING TO SAY KAK. OH, you got it. I like it. All right, and we need some tiger paws up and we're going to roar on three. Ready? One, two. All right, you need to wait. I like it. I like it. Okay. >> I wonder what that building's going to be. It's got to be something. It's going to be beautiful, isn't it? >> Standby is out of the attraction. >> Now that we can breathe, we've got that congestion. I did want to quickly introduce myself before we hang out here at Animal Kingdom. too long. But hi, my name is Ashley and welcome to my channel, Pixie Dusted Mom. I'm so glad you are joining us for day number three of our spring Disney World vlog series. Today we are here in Walt Kingdom. And here on the channel, I share all kinds of tips, tricks, and hacks for helping you plan the best family vacation for Disney World. If you want some more magic in your subscription feed though, I would love it if you click the red subscribe button or scan the handy dandy QR code here on the screen. Pull out your phone, point the camera up towards it, and it'll help you do the rest. But thank you so much for clicking on the video. for joining us and let's go have some more Animal Kingdom fun and hopefully find the less crowded spots today. Spring break at here at Disney World. Get our next pass. >> All right, I'm going to go hop in the single rider line. 70 minute wait right now for groups and away we go. 23 minutes on now. I'm tired. That ride's awesome. I love that ride. Such a good time. All right, time to find Ash. She said entrance 2. I'm going to go with entrance to Cali cuz we're trying to knock out our favorite rides here. >> And that's her favorite ride. >> Hey, we're late. No, you're the I mean I >> Yeah, it's hot coffee. Yeah, it's delicious. >> Got you the hot lion. I thought you might like that. >> I do like it. Thank you. >> Kind of like >> I'm going to have to bring more cozies cuz that's why I'm carrying Bella's drink cuz she's like, "It's so cold. I can't hold it." >> Oh, guess what I have in my pocket? >> Oh, you have yours? >> I do. >> Oh, yay. >> Have one. >> I'm a pixie dust dad. I'm ready. >> Heck yeah. >> Is that where the pilot? >> Yum. >> Is this a new way? You never go by this way before. Fire. >> I think I won. OH. OH MAN. >> I told you to PEE BEFORE WE GOT ON. I COULDN'T HELP IT. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. Oh my lord. >> You see it climbing up on the branch. Look up there. in there. So cool. Oh my god. >> Oh my goodness. I see the tiger. I love it. It is the best day ever. >> It was the best day ever. That is so cool. I love it when people stop right in the middle of the walkway to replan their entire itinerary. It's my favorite thing. >> It's not. >> It's not. I'm being very sarcastic. It's like, can we not pull over? >> Like, do you stop in the middle of the road to look at your map? Like, >> let's take this through. >> All right. This one's the one that looks like a dragonfly. >> Okay. >> Little sneaky squ. >> I know. What happens if it stings you? >> Good dog. >> Your turn. Heat. Heat. clear for your safety and safety of the animals to make sure we are all going to be fully seated. So only relatives of the giraffe in going into Africa waking up with those issues. A very social wild flamingo. They get their pink color. Flamingos out there with their beaks underwater. That's them trying to pick up things like those shrimp. They are the fastest land animal. They have a tougher around their eyes. I want right here. >> You doing good? >> Yeah, of course. You make my job easy. >> Thank you. I appreciate it. >> You're welcome. >> All right, let's go. We should come. >> Time for our favorite bathroom break. If you watched our January winter trip series, you know we visit this like four times in one day. >> Finally. >> Finally. >> Are you excited? Is that an African squirrel? I see an African squirrel. >> Oh my goodness. >> It's in Africa, so it must be an African squirrel. >> Hey. Hey. Are you getting any closer? >> What do you think? >> Yes. >> We are in the valley of Mora. And that is >> Pandora. >> Pandora. I go touch one. >> Are you so excited about your baby, Benji? >> Yeah, I just want to go in the shop now. >> Okay, we'll go in the shop now. >> All right, the moment Lucy's been waiting for. Finding her baby banshee. >> Oh, yeah. >> Let's go. Steak. Steak. think. >> Cool. One of your mysteries will be one of those little babies. Be gentle with the baby. >> We're getting the baby banshee. >> Yes. >> Wonderful. >> Oh, who's excited to see? >> Me. >> We can toss it. >> Here we go. >> LET ME OPEN IT. IT'S CUTE. >> It is cute. >> Time for rider switch. >> Have fun. Let's watch mommy go. Okay. And maybe I'll get you a surprise. >> Absolutely. Go check. >> You'll see. >> Say bye, Mommy. Bye. Say love. >> Hey, guess what? >> What? >> So, my birthday's coming up, right? It's pretty soon. And so, for my birthday, I think what I'd like is a banshee baby. Well, I guess it would be mine, but I want you to take care of it. And maybe if you're good and you take care of it good, you can have it. >> Go pick a special one out. >> Whoa. All right. Wow. You don't need any help, huh? Let's see what color it is. >> Blue. >> It's blue. >> Yeah. So it smells the blue bit. >> Oh, that looks good. >> I had to. I had to. She looked at me and was like, I need this best day ever. I love it forever. I just had to. >> Now, watch this. Whoa. >> Where's my buddy? Right there. >> All right. You're getting hot dogs. You're getting bowls. And we're going to go have a blast. >> Sounds good. >> Also, so this is on camera. Please go ahead and eat. >> I know you're hungry. I know we haven't eaten anything but donuts and coffee. Please eat something. You get the food before we're out. Enjoy. >> Are you sure? I feel bad eating without you. >> I know. And I want you to enjoy it. So go ahead, enjoy. Eat it. >> Okay. >> Okay. Please. >> I appreciate it. >> I love you. >> Love you. >> All right. Me and Lucy are going to go have fun. >> Yes. You guys have fun. >> Did you guys have fun? >> We had a lot of fun. >> Hopefully they've got the kinks worked out by the time you guys go through cuz they made an announcement. of wait time while we were in line jump from 65 minutes to 90 minutes and they were like it is going to um take more time getting you on cuz like they're running only like half the system or something. >> It did take you like an hour to get through. >> I know. >> Did it was it an hour? >> It said you were standing here for like 50 minutes. >> I can Yeah. I mean total ride time cuz it's 6:26 right now. We got in line at 5:30 just a few minutes after. happy to. I I used our um discount. >> You actually remember? >> I remembered. I was like, "My wife's going to be so pumped." >> She goes, "I was going to ask if you have one." I was like, "Yeah, you didn't have to, though." I remembered. >> All right, we're out. We're out. >> Have fun. Bye. >> What color did Bella want? She's super happy that she got the blue one. All >> right, mobile order. >> It is ready. >> I'm going to video my banshee. >> Watch it. >> So cool. >> That's the way we like our banshees. Big and strong in these little packets. Why are there always like four times as much salt in a packet and not as much pepper? I don't get it. >> I swear I have to open so many more packets. Is there like a rhyme or reason to do that? I don't know. Connected to a new flying on his back is an incredibly important passage they call. >> All right. Look at us. All right. Looks like we are here. We got We've smashed our goals. The girls smashed their hot dogs. Not the buns. They're not a fan of buns. >> And then we smashed their chips. >> This was absolutely delicious. >> So good. >> All adrenaline. >> Don't forget to like and subscribe and press the bell button. >> Oh, thank you, Bie. >> I do have to say a quick thank you though to Danielle who is hosting us, but I just had to give her a huge shout out. She has been so sweet, so kind, and literally bought our dinner tonight, our favorite dinner at Animal Kingdom. So, thank you again to Danielle. Seriously, if you're getting ready to book a trip and you want an amazing travel agent, I have found some amazing gems. And Danielle is one of those gems of an agent. So, scan, get your own countdown going, and get yourself to the Disney parks. Since Bella's pick was Na'vi River Journey and it's currently 50 minutes, she has opted and we gave her the option and she picked to go to the Zoo the other day show for the Zootopia show instead which is a much shorter wait. It's like 10 minutes I think right now unless it's jumped. So that will be a lot better. Plus we want to finish up, get back, get showered and ready for tomorrow cuz we have an early and long Hollywood Studios day. So, we want to be energized and ready to go for another one. But let's go zoo together. >> So, that's the zoo together. >> Zoo together day. And I'm so excited. Heat. Heat. Heat. HEAT. HEY, HEY, HEY. We lost the connection. >> I'm still hungry. >> You're still hungry? Well, the park's closed now. All right. You got Banshee trading company. >> Oh, try this one. >> There we go. >> Wow. >> Are they shoelaces? These new mystery boxes. I'm with Dean. It feels like the new form of Disney gambling. >> Yeah. It's >> like, how do we get this? >> Oh, that's precious. >> What is it? >> Is that what that is? Oh, it is. It's a set of two sponges. >> A Mickey sandwich. >> It looks like Mickey sandwich. >> It does. What is it? >> It's two sponges. >> Oh, >> that's awesome. >> $9.99 for those curious. >> That's a Mickey bar. >> It is. I like the spatula. I like spatch a lot. I also like the corn on the cob things. Oh, mommy. >> It's a figment egg slicer. I love this. >> Oh, this is old school. Look, they're in their dino outfits. >> A rip, Dino Lands. That's really neat, though. I like that t-shirt. Oh, they fall down. Which ones are you wanting to try, Bella? >> Elsa. >> Oh, you want to try the Elsas, too? >> Okay. What do you They are super cute. Those are the bride ears. Hey, Loose, you want to jump back to the resort with me? Ready? One, two. We're going to jump in the air. >> All right, we're back. That was easy. >> Yeah. >> All right, it is time for our favorite. They are talking to each other. My goodness. Our favorite thing of the day. And Lucy, go first. >> One second. I'm going to >> No. What was your favorite thing? >> Giving my baby bans. I don't I want to show you what color it was. >> Okay. Seen it. >> Spoiler. >> Yeah. And they've seen it already. All right. >> Bella, what was your favorite thing? >> You can't say Banshee. >> You have to say something different. That that could you enjoyed it, but what's something else that you really like doing today? Daddy, what's your favorite? >> Oh my goodness. There was something that happened today and I was like, "This is my favorite thing." And I'm trying to remember what it was. >> There was a lot that happened today. >> We did a lot today. >> We really did. Even though it like it felt slow, we did a lot. >> Yeah. >> Which is weird. Especially considering the crowds. >> Yes. Oh my goodness. I can tell you my least favorite thing that happened today was the bus ride back. >> Yes. >> Goodness gracious. >> Some kids. Yeah. Don't bounce balls on the buses. >> And don't let your kid be jumping around and slamming into the double opening doors like I'm >> They will open. >> Yeah. >> And your child will fall out. I'm just saying >> it's because he didn't push up against them. >> But it was >> But he was close like >> Yeah, that was >> I I was like a kid's going to fall out of this bus. >> That was stressful. >> Yeah. >> Okay. So, I really enjoyed going on um the Yak and Yeti. >> That's what the girl was called. They say Yak and Yeti almost say daddy. No, now it's just Yak and Yeti. But Mount Everest was awesome. And the people I was riding with, it was the first time they ever wrote it. And so the guy didn't know it went backwards. And he was like, "Oh my goodness, I was not prepared for this." And that just cracked me up. It was awesome. >> That's awesome. It's so fun writing and doing stuff with people that like it's their first time. I think it's fun. Um, okay. My favorite. My favorites. My favorite. My favorite. >> It better be riding with me on the ben. >> I found out that ride a lot. >> Now I feel obligated. It was riding with Lucy on quite a fast. >> But what was your second favorite thing that you did today? >> H, that was my favorite. >> That was my favorite. >> It was fun. Just say banshee. You can say banshee. >> I had fun getting my blue banshee. >> Awesome. >> With purple stuff. >> All right. Since you're part of the honorary end of the video club though, we need some red and some blue hearts in honor of the baby banshees themselves. Okay. That way we know you're part of the secret club. And you'll also have to let us know what your favorite thing to do at Animal Kingdom is. Whether it's a ride, a snack, a walking trail, whatever. >> I saw Tiger roll over. It was so cute. >> That was really cute. >> Had his tongue sticking out and everything. That was awesome. >> All right, we'll see you guys in the next one. We've got to get showers and get in the bed. We'll see you tomorrow for Hollywood Studios. Night, you guys.
