---
video_id: RnP4fWCwDIk
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "NEW ✨ DISNEY WORLD PREP | Getting Ready for Disney World in 2 Weeks"
published: 2026-03-09
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RnP4fWCwDIk
---
Our spring Disney World trip is 14 days away. So, let's get some prepping done because I'm so ready to be in vacay mode. I have been planning this spring Disney World trip for months, but now we are officially 14 days out and I have a laundry list of things to do to finalize our trip, get ready, and get my family of four packed and ready to go. I again, like I said in the intro, I'm so excited. I am so ready to be in vacay mode. I'm ready for the warm weather. I'm just very excited to be back at Disney Springs. There is gorgeous. It's beautiful. It's wonderful. So, yeah, we're very excited. But got my emotional support water here. I'm going to sit down. I've also got my emotional support energy to get as much done as quickly possible. Also, if you've not tried this, it literally tastes like I'm drinking an orange cream bar, which I loved those as a child. So, this is like it tastes nostalgic even though it's like an energy drink. I love it. But since my guest bedroom is kind of ground zero for the packing, which I highly recommend having a ground zero for your packing, having it all together and in the same room, whether that's your bedroom, your living room, your guest room, whatever that looks like for you, just have a space so you can just get it together. At least for me, I feel like that helps a lot. So, I'm going to take for you guys 60 seconds. For me, it's probably going to be like 10 minutes, but we're going to get the room tidied. Anything that does not need to be in here, anything that is not getting packed, it's getting put away and cleaned up. So, we're kind of mini cleaning vlog here. With no further ado, let's jump into it. Heat. Heat. Also just found two Disney gift cards. I'm going to see if they have any money on them cuz obviously we're not throwing these away until we check. Okay. So, all this is not brand new, but I did share a lot of things that I've collected for this trip in a spring trip haul, which I will link over here and at the end of this video if you want to go ahead go over check that out, see some of the things. And some of this is like pre-trip outfit planning. There's so much. It's such a hot mess. But I do have a tiny haul for those of you that love hauls. So, let's do that really quick. All right. So, here is my many Target, Walmart snack, last minute things haul. And I also have a couple things in my Amazon cart and I'm like, we need a second umbrella. So, I probably should order that. Um, and then we need to order some hydration packs. So, I have those in the cart as well. So, I'm like trying to do this prep today so that I know anything last minute that I need to buy, I want to go over toiletries and all those things so I can just have it together cuz the precursor to this is we also have a Friday to Sunday weekend trip for a wedding that myself and the girls are in right before this trip. So, I'm like it's Yeah, we're 14 days out, but I need to subtract three of those cuz we won't be home. So, I have even less time. And I know life hits and it always ends up something happens and we end up at the 11th hour. I don't know how it is. So again, I'm trying to avoid that by prepping early cuz running into it last minute. I'm just constantly like I'm forgetting something. I know I'm forgetting something. I feel like I'm forgetting something. I'm unprepared. And my type A is like freaking out not knowing like, okay, do we have everything? Is everything accounted for? So, I'm like trying to get all this stuff done, but for the haul, um, a couple little soft dresses. We have clothes for them to wear, but these were just absolutely precious. And finding girls sizes in little dresses is like especially with characters like princesses on them is a little hard, I feel like, at their ages. So, I thought these were super cute. They go all the way up to, I believe, size 14. So, if you have a little girl that is not a toddler anymore, these are super cute, super soft. No pockets, but it is a great little cotton dress. Throw on some little bike shorts under this and they are ready for a day of playing, whether it's at home or at Disney or at the park, whatever. I just thought these were so stinking cute. So, I got Lucy the pink style and then I got Bella the kind of creamy style as well. So, again, super cute. really soft. These are great if you're going on a Disney cruise. Those would be perfect to like throw on to send them to the kids club. They can play in those. You could throw it on over a swimsuit as a little cover up, whatever. I just think those are adorable. So, got some snacks. Got heroes and villains little um graham cracker snacks for both the airplane and I may depending on space I may pack the rest of them to take to kind of refill their little park bag during the week. Got us some gum to take. One for my park bag, one for Dean. Um just because Disney does not sell gum and sometimes you just want a piece of gum. You want to like freshen your mouth, whatever. So we got that. Um got these little graham crackers. This is for the road trip that we're going on for the wedding before that. So, that will go in a separate pile of prep. And then I grabbed these. Went into Target and saw these for the $3 at the dollar spot. So, I got a princess one. They also had like Minecraft. I didn't see any Mickey Mouse. I also got them Peeps. I don't know if I'll save these for their Easter basket or use them on the road trip and then save these the princess ones for Disney. That's probably what I'll do. just saying that out loud. I'm like, that's just Yeah, that's what we're going to do. Um, but I love these mess-free coloring. Like, I swear you can never have too many of these. My girls love them. And they're also getting old enough that they're like playing the games and stuff. And they're not just like coloring every page, every square inch. Like when I would buy them and they were like two, some of these like word searches and things like that was a little much for a 2-year-old, but they love to color. Now we're actually like using the book and like doing the activity. So, that one's kind of cool. We got those. I'll put them in their little activity packs. Um, more snacks. We got got some little Mickey Mouse Goldfish. The girls love these, so I'll put these in their little snack containers for the trip, probably for the flight. Um, got some fruit snacks. Bella likes these, so we got those for her. And then my stitch loving girl Lucy got these. She picked them out. She loved them before, so she grabbed those again as well. And I also, as a mom, I'm like scrunchy. So, obviously, this is not natural. I'm not saying it's natural, but it doesn't contain Red 40. So, I'm happy about that. I'm like, that is the one like thing that I'm like, I feel kind of crunch. I feel crunchy. It may not be. I feel crunchy cuz I'm like, we're just not doing Red 40 because you act like an almost demon when you have it. Like we can have loads of sugar and yeah, we get the energy burst, but it's controllable. You know what I mean? But when they have red 40, it's like they're whole like completely different children. Like this is obviously not what that video is about or what this video is about. But I don't know. It was one of those things I'm like, what the heck? Cuz I saw people talking about it. I'm like, that can't be real. And then I started like seeing the days that we like reading the label, seeing the days that they would have it and the days that they wouldn't. And it would just be like a regular day. Okay. Like, okay, we have a little bit of sugar. Holy moly. All right. And then for their little park bags is something fun. I grabbed them these. They're actually in the Easter section. So, if you are going on a trip before or like after Easter, check the Easter section. Grab some of this stuff, throw it in your kids Easter basket, and then they can also be like, "Hey, we're going to Disney. You can actually use this when we go to Disney." And so, I thought these were so cute. They've got the little purse. So, it's something that they've got the lip gloss. They'll use that for however long they use that. But then they also have this little pouch, and I thought it was super cute. You can get a little carabiner. It's got a hole up at the top for both of them. Um, uh, Hello Kitties is on the side, but you could attach it. They could put, if you're doing the pressed pennies and you're collecting those, you could put those in there. If you're doing pin trading, like if they only have a couple pens, you could put pens in there. Um, you could put some little stickers down in there, like that's where their little sticker pouch goes and they stick those in there. whatever. I just think those were super super cute. So, grab those. And I'm all for anything that can do double duty. So, yeah. Again, if you're if you are lucky enough your your trip is after Easter, Easter basket that baby up. Seriously, all the way. Um, and then, okay, these were a couple of last minute things. A couple of other things that I found that I thought were great. These are more summer staples for them. Um, and that is these tank tops. They're kind of a kind of a washed style of kind of got a little bit of distressing going on, but they are a racer back tank in girls sizes. You guys, if you're looking I know it's not a princess dress, but if you're looking for characters in girls sizes, I will link these. They were like six bucks. So, got the princess, got Stitch, and we have Jesse. So, I thought those were so cute be able to have these. Got them duplicates in this one and then they each got one got stitch, one got princess. Um, but I thought those were so cute and just easy throwand go little outfits. Sometimes they may need to change out of their big fluffy princess dress and they want something a little more basic, a little more comfy. You want something that you don't mind getting turned into play conditioned really quickly cuz you're going to get Mickey bar all over it or whatever. I thought those were super cute. Um, and then I have three more little dresses that I found. I need to stop, but I'm like they're my little baby dolls and I'm like I I've enjoy dressing them up more than I enjoy dressing myself up. It's I don't know. I just So, I'll show you those as soon as they get here. They are literally like out for delivery. So, I'll insert a little haul of those three things when they arrive. I promise I'm I'm gonna stop. But, we go to Disney all the time, so we will get multiple uses out of that. But I I couldn't I couldn't resist on these others. So, they are dresses, though. So, if you're you've got a little girl and she's like, I want to wear dresses and you need characters sizes, you'll enjoy those. All right. Now that everything is laid out, I have grabbed my handy dandy packing list. So, I've got one for myself, then one for both of my girls as well as my husband. Yes, I do pack for my husband. He is a spoiled king. He is aware. but going to go through and I have part of it is outfit planner, part of it is packing list. So, a little bit of a hybrid going on here so I can see what parks we're going to and that way I can know, okay, this is the theme I had going for that. Um, I love a good themed outfit. You can wear clothes from home. You do not have to buy a single Disney themed thing to do Disney. That's just personally the way I love to do it. It's so fun. I enjoy it. Everybody can do Disney in their own flavor. So, you can go super extreme and theme everything or you can theme nothing. So, just putting that disclaimer out there. But for me, I really really just enjoy it. I think it's so much fun. I love I don't know. I don't know why it brings me so much joy, but it does. So, I'm going to continue to be me. So, got that. I'm going to go through I've started making some notes for myself of like outfits and like things as I've purchased them. That way, I'm not over buying for our trip cuz I feel like it's really easy to be like, "This is cute. This is cute. This is cute." And if you don't think about, okay, when are we actually going to wear that? as you're buying the pieces, then you end up over buying and you're like, "Oh my gosh, our entire identity is Disney clothing now." Like, you can end up with that. And if you love that, that's great. Obviously, like we love Disney, so it's obviously not a disc to Disney outfits. But if that is not your intention and also you don't want to spend the money on that, that is one of the things that I would highly recommend, whether it's something like this or you take and you have a note in your phone and you're like, "Okay, we're going to Hollywood Studios on the first day. Mom's wearing this. Dad's wearing this. Sissy's wearing this. Bubby's wearing this, like whatever you have in your family and like have everybody's little thing and then when you buy something be like, "Okay, that's going to go and we're going to wear that to Animal Kingdom or we're going to wear it to studios. We're going to do this." So, that would be a big packing tip that also helps you kind of curb that budget of like, "Okay, this is a really cute Animal Kingdom outfit that I'm looking at here in the store, but I don't need it because I've already bought a really cute Animal Kingdom outfit, or you know what? I'm going to buy this one. I'm going to return that one." Whatever. So going through I'm going to start laying everything out in order and we're going to talk about that and also why it's important whether you are theming outfits for every single day a few days or no days at all. I'm telling you laying eyes on things and laying it out is going to help you. So let's do that and we'll talk about it. Okay, jumping back in time to show you those three dresses really quickly. They just got delivered. Okay, first is the stitch version of that dress. They also have a bluey version of the girls size dress. Just nice little soft, easy play dress. And then these are so cute and just so fluffy. Perfect for springtime. Love the tulle skirt. They do have a kind of cotton feeling liner underneath so it's soft. So the tulle part is not just like on top of them. Top is a ribbed style. Got the princesses on this one. Super duper soft on top. And then that one I got for Bella. And then this one I got for my six-year-old Lucy. She is majorly into Stitch right now. So, I'm thinking these will be perfect for when we go to maybe Magic Kingdom. Again, dress underneath. So cute. So, love those. Um, and they were all I think the cotton cotton style dresses were $10. uh princessy kind of fofy girly super girly style was either 13 or 15. I don't remember specifically. It's one of the two. Um and then I found this little package. I had saved it in here cuz I'm like I don't want to open it until I'm filming my haul video or my um pack with me cuz it came in after I filmed the haul. But these are so cute. They're little cozies, cup sleeves, whatever you want to call them. But they are adorable. Let me get them out of the st in here and I will show you. But this one looks like the Starbucks cups. I think it's so cute. Like I love it. I have one forever ago. They had a Starbucks like tumbler. It was clear and it had the cup design on it. And then they also had a white like ceramic um hot coffee hot beverage cup. And I have that one as well. And it's like years and years ago I got those. I'm like I the white one I like hardly ever use because I'm like I don't want it broken. I love it. It just it's like shelf decor. Um, but it is just so cute. I love this one. I was so obsessed when I saw those. And then I also got this one cuz I am a full-on '90s poo girl. And this just kind of reminds me of like bedding and curtains and things that I had as a Pooh Bear girl in the '9s. So, I was like, this is just freaking adorable. So, um, I will link her shop, her website down below. She has these styles. She has even more. So stinking cute. I absolutely love these. And just whether it's your daily coffee at home, just adding a little bit of Disney magic to your home life or keeping your beverage cooler for a little bit longer instead of like melting, especially like ice beverages. These are perfect for ice beverages and kind of helping them stay a little bit colder for a little bit longer in the Florida heat. I freaking love these. I'm way I'm like way too Why am I smiling this much about collars? I don't know. But I'm so excited. All right, let's talk packing gear. So, for us and this trip, we are flying spirit. So, I have two checked bags. Thank you actually to their credit card. So, if you've not looked into that, look into that. See if it makes sense for you and your family financially. For us, it does. Just don't run it up. I'm not encouraging debt. I'm just encourage you encouraging you to use things to save money. So, that's what we are doing. I love this free spirit credit card cuz I get two checked bags for the card holder every single flight. that racks up quickly, especially considering they're usually like 596 $69 per bag per way. So, that saves us a huge amount of money. But, we love Spirit. We're flying Spirit once again. I feel like in the last 2 years, that's 90 95% of what we have flown is them. But with that, we're doing those two check bags. We are taking four personal items. So, we will have my husband's backpack, my girls, two rolling personal items. um one for one daughter, one for the other daughter because everybody gets a free personal item and then I will have my backpack that is also my like park bag. So, we'll get that packed up here in a bit. But beyond that, before we start going into the packing gear as far as nuts and bolts, I want to look at the travel and like what we're dealing with. So, for one, when I am getting ready to pack and okay, do I want to do packing cubes that go in drawers? Do I want to do hanging packing cubes? I want to look at the space that I'm going to be working with, meaning our hotel room. So, for that, I am going to Google our resort and include the word closet. Like, take a room tour. Look at room tours on YouTube. That's exactly why I like to share our room tours and setups is to see um kind of what that is going to look like. And that is really helpful. But you can um include like your the name of your resort and then room photos and then you can toggle over to like images like if you are going on Google you can do that. You can include like I said you can include the word closet so you can see all right what are we looking at? Um okay so I'm going to have ample amount of closet space. I feel like so this should be good. So that for me means I do want to take my hanging packing cubes. I love those. I prefer those but sometimes the hanging space is this much and sometimes it's like this much and it's like a whole freaking closet. So we're going to go with that. Love my hanging packing cubes. Again, we'll put those in there in just a second. You'll see those. Um and then I'll do a few odds and end items for the room. But I am going to try taking this hanging organizer. So, it actually has over the-do hooks, but I'm probably going to use it like we do for when we take it on a cruise, which for Disney Cruise Line, this is an illegal item. If you use it with the over the-do hangers, but if you use super strong magnets, which I have like these magnetic hooks that hold up to I think it's 120 lbs, they are stout. It will hold this just fine. It's not creeping down the wall. So, I'm thinking we're going to use this and we're going to put it on the back of the door. And so all of our like resort stuff can go in this. Laundry gear, all that good stuff can be in here. I'm literally unrolling it. It's all set up. And also anything, it's got a nice little storage compartment here at the bottom. So anything that we need to like toss in there that we need to visually see like, oh, I need to grab that again before we go out the door, we can include in some of these little compartments and have little like pouches for storage things. Keeping our counters a little bit tidier cuz there's four of us. in one, as I like to say, one big happy family in one little tiny room hotel room. You're not in your full-blown house. So, things get crazy and when the hotel room starts to look like it exploded, it stresses mama out. I'm just going to say it. It needs to look like nobody's in that hotel room. Okay? It's the same with our house. Like, my peace and anxiety is usually completely tied to the fact that my home needs to look like no one lives here. Why is that? Why are we that way? I don't know. But either way, that's not what we're here to talk about. We're packing. So, this is one of the things I'm going to be doing as we're going through things. And then last but not least, packing the ears. So, here's the packing bag. It says ears. There you go. So, this is what we're going to do. It holds between 8 to 12 pairs of ears, depending on how thick and plush and whatever they are. Um, it also comes with a cross body strap if you need that for this bag. I don't need that for this bag. It's literally just going to go in my suitcase. I'm gonna get my ears out as I need them, but that's about it as far as like this bag. So, I just like to have them in something that they're protected. Um cuz depending on how you may get $10 ears from Amazon and you may get like $50, $75 ears from Etsy shops. It just depends. But keeping them protected is nice cuz we want to extend the longevity of those. So, I've got this bag and that is what we're going to be using. So, that is that for packing gear. But I'm going to go ahead make sure everything is laid out and start working through kind of seeing everything, going through what we need, checking off my packing list. We're going to work on the park bag. We're going to work on all the good stuff. So, let's keep going. And if you're enjoying this video so far, also not formally introduced myself. Hi, my name is Ashley. Welcome to Pixie Dusted Mom. So excited to have you here. But seriously, if you're enjoying it so far, go ahead and click the red subscribe button. Add a little magic to your subscription feed. And if you're watching on a TV, you can actually point your handydandy cell phone camera right at that. It'll pull up a little QR code and you can go over and join that way. Whatever is easiest for you. But here, I share tons of tips, tricks, and hacks for helping you plan the best Disney vacation as a family. We are all about family travel here on the channel. Love getting out and spending time together and making those quality magical memories. And it can be overwhelming if you are planning it. And it's, no pun intended, a whole new world when you are going to Disney with children. So, if that is something that you're doing in the near future, you got a countdown. You should definitely join our little fam. Get excited. Share vlogs of our adventures along the way to get you excited for your magical adventure. But yeah, you you should join the fam. We'd love to have you. Heat. Heat. N. Now we're getting to the point of outfit picking outing where I need to grab certain things. Like one outfit might I may have the shirt but I don't have the shorts. So I need okay denim shorts for this. I need bike shorts in certain colors for wearing under the girls dresses. I am going to grab my handydandy phone for this and go into the notes, start a brand new note and do spring packing, Lucy, Bella, Dean, Ashley. Now I have a checklist and I'm literally going to look through the outfits. So I need I'm going to make a little check mark. Denim shorts, black shorts, not short shorts. Let's see. Bella needs white bike shorts, gray bike shorts. And I need one. Two. That one has them. Doing this is going to save myself a lot of running to our bedroom, running back, running upstairs, running back down the stairs, and just like all the like pingpong ball mom basically of collecting everything that we need. So, I love to lay eyes on it. I love to just see it all put together. It just makes it so much easier. Okay, those I can have them wear their black bike shorts. Sella black bike shorts, purple bike shorts. All right. Um, I think that should be everything. My outfits have everything other than undergarments. So, I think we're good. But that is what I'm going to do. I'm going to go around and collect everything that I've just put. See, I put that on Lucy or I put one of Lucy's things on Dean's. Oops. He does not have bike shorts. Okay, so I got that moved. But now I'm going to run around and grab these items and that way everyone's clothes are put together. And when we pull out the stack of the outfit, it's all there. The shorts are there, the shirt's there, the pants are there, the dress is there, whatever. And then it's just a matter of getting ready. And then I'll have the ears bag like I showed earlier, and that's going to have all of our accessories in it. And that way I can find all of those and we can jush the outfit up just a little bit with some fun things. And then we're ready to hit the door. And it's not where's this, where's that. I just find it's so much easier to just you're half asleep, you're tired, you've not had your coffee yet. Pull out the stack of everyone's outfits. And it just is so helpful compared to, okay, this is her suitcase. This is his suitcase and my suitcase and this suitcase and that suit. And you're just like trying to pull things out of 5 million different places. and it just gets chaotic really fast and then your cortisol levels spike because you're getting stressed and then it's just not fun and then we're automatically just sucking the fun out of our morning. So seriously, that has been such a game changing once once we found that I'm like this just works. I'm like we're just washing and repeating at this point and I'm telling everyone about it. I'm like pack this way as a family little kids like they're not deciding what their outfit is. If you do that, we can do some outfit deciding before the trip. Like, we're looking at things, we're picking things out, but when it comes to in the moment, like, you're pulling it out, we're getting dressed, and it seriously makes it a thousand% easier. Now that we've went through all of the clothes, got everything laid out, this is what it's looking like. This is what we're dealing with. And we have it organized. So the whole stack, the whole pile is accessories, tops, bottoms, dresses, shorts, whole thing for the whole fam bam for each day of our trip. Again, we're packing it all together. So this is what it looks like. So we're getting it ready to go in the suitcase. We are now 9 days out from our trip. I'm like back in a winter like sweatshirt because it is cold today. It is cold and dreary and raining and I'm like so ready for springtime. We had the whole like fake spring. Yesterday it was almost 70°. On Saturday it was 70°. Like what the actual heck? Um was amazing. We had the windows open. We're getting fresh air. It was wonderful. But I've got some more prep to do today. I want to get ready for our lightning lane day. Make sure I have my cheat sheet filled out. And let's see. I need to go through start prepping the park bag. I placed my semi last minute panic buy haul. Um that kind of thing. I needed some um electrolyte powder, so ordered that. and then a new thing for the stroller to like try out cuz I'm like h we'll see if this is a good thing or not. I don't know. TBD. Um but want to go ahead and start getting some of the rest of the stuff put together. So that's what we're going to do. Get a little bit more finalized. We're 9 days out. So we're we've hit the single digits. I'm so excited. So we're getting ready just like ready for sunshine and warm weather. And please Disney be warm. Like when we were there in January, it was literally recordbreaking low temperatures. And then Dean and I went on a little 27h hour just the two of us trip the other week and I'm like it ended up getting cold again and it was like 40° and we're walking around the magina and we're like please warm up. Please be warm. So we like keep hitting it and the whole week leading up to it had been in the 80s. I'm like, it's so winter in Disney is so unpredictable. It's wild. Like, you will either get 80° weather or it will be 40. Like, there's no in between. And you may get that in the same stinking trip. Like, it is it's so hard to pack for. I'm like, I think I just prefer summer because at least, you know, like you're just going to be boiling. It's like that's all it is is just boiling this. There's so many variables, but that's not what that's not what we're here to do. We're we're here to prep. But let's go ahead get that done. Get our homework done so we can be ready to just like be in vacay mode. Right. First thing on my to-do list is get my Disney gift cards and my Starbucks gift cards loaded onto my app. So, I have a Disney gift card that is on my phone and my Apple wallet that I can use. I can pull it up. cast members can scan it from my wallet, that sort of thing. So, if I'm checking out in person, if I'm doing mobile checkout, I have the code or the number like saved in a note in my phone so I can just copy paste it into a little um gift card number spot when I'm ready to check out for mobile orders or lightning lanes, all that good stuff. So, I want to go ahead and get those kind of transferred over cuz you can go on to disneygiftcard.com and consolidate your gift card. So, if you've been buying $25 gift cards every time you go to the grocery store, doing some of those little tips and tricks that people um will share about like, "Oh, this is a great way to save." You could actually combine those into one so you you're not running around with like this like big spread of gift cards, which makes it a lot easier. So, that's exactly what I'm going to do now is get those consolidated down. I love saving on Disney gift cards and it also just kind of gives you a little like budget. This is going to be our food and lightning lane budget for while we're there. So, I want to um go ahead get those done, get that taken care of. So, we're all set. Next up on the vacay to-do list is our park bag, the thing that we are going to carry all of our stuff around with us and my purse. So, I take two different bags into the parks. My husband actually also takes kind of a cross body, daddy bag, merse, whatever you want to label it. He carries that around. Has an extra phone charger for himself. He carries all the extra batteries for our camera, all that stuff. He is my like tech guy. I'm so grateful for him. But he handles all of that so I can be a mom and vlog. And it's just I love him. Like he is he is my rock behind the scenes. But all that to be said, we're going to dive into what we need springtime edition. So when I say springtime though, I mean March to early May. It could be a little later, but most of the time by May, we're starting to creep into honestly early summer temperatures. And then obviously it just goes up from there for summertime. But to kick it off for the park bag itself, I am putting in a wet bag. I do one for each of my children. They are four and 6 years old. I've been doing this since they were itty bitty babies, literally 6 weeks old. But we take an extra change of clothes. Every time I think we're past this phase and I take it out of the backpack, we need it. So that is why it just forever lives in there. So in this bag, I have a shirt, a shorts, and a pair of underwear for them for this time of year. That way if we have any accidents, we get Mickey bar all over us, whatever, we can do that. When I was when they were little, I would take like reusable bibs and we would do that whole thing. But we're kind of I'm like I feel like 6 years old is a little old for a bib. So we're like kind of graduated past that, I feel like. But things happen. We sometimes you need a change of clothes. So I feel like that is always a good safe bet. And also it's nice to have with us even for travel. Sometimes again things happen. Turbulence can happen and then they just like lose it everywhere and they need a new outfit. So it's kind of part of it. So we've got that in there. I've got this. It's a little like toiletry bag. It says beach on the front. So we've got our sunscreen. We've got our solar buddy in here. It's our sunscreen applicator. You can put whatever kind of roll on or liquid sunscreen in here that you want. So, we've got that. The holy grail shafing stick. Love this thing cuz I I do not have a thigh gap. And yeah, it after a while it can start rubbing in the wrong uh shorts. Sometimes um some of my like favorite pants are like plaid pants and they're like gets a little uncomfortable down there and then you're doing the whole waddle situation. It's like walking through the park like that. That is not fun. Been there, done that. That is not fun. So keep that in there. I'm actually going to put that in my purse bag instead in a little pouch. But got that in there. I also keep this. If you're doing sunscreen, you have a part in your hair. It is really like snow white up there compared to my skin complexion. So, we're going in with this. It's a little brush. Gets it in the hairline. So, you do not have a scalp sunburn cuz that hurts. Like, if you have not had a scalp sunburn, consider yourself lucky cuz it hurts so bad. But, got this pouch. We're going to toss that in there as well. Got the meal time pouch. So in this I have some straws. So if we need a straw for them to use for anything. Sometimes Disney does paper straws. These are like a a thin plastic compostable straw. So it's a little different than the paper straw. Still eco-friendly, but it doesn't just fall apart in your mouth and you can't chew it closed. That sort of thing. So we've got that. Got some crayons in here. And then also have some of these fun little coloring place mats. These come in like Disney princesses, characters, all that fun stuff. So, seriously, love these. Love the meal time pouch. It is fantastic. We've had multiple variations of this over the years from when they were babies to now being Bella is four, so I'm still like preschool little girl like age, but we're getting into the just little kid phase. And so, this is this is what we got though. This is the new the new version, the new and improved. Got that going on. Have a little medicine pouch with extra motion meds, eedran headache relief, that kind of stuff. Got also got moles skin in here. This is huge. If you're wearing shoes, it is possible to get a blister even in your favorite shoe that never gives you a blister anywhere else. Disney, it can just like pop up out of nowhere. This is great. Literally, I will cut this into strips and it sticks and last much better than band-aids. So, definitely get the moles skin. Again, pre-cut it. If it comes in big squares, just go ahead and pre-cut it. Don't worry about taking scissors and doing all that stuff. Just have some different sizes. And that way, whatever shape and size you need, you've got it on hand already. Got the Clorox wipes going in with those. Some motion patches for behind the ears. These are great for both on the airplane. For me, I get motion sick there. If you need them, we use them on our cruise. I always forget to put them on when I'm like at Disney and then I never think about it until later on. I need to start thinking about this and like actually wearing them, but especially for motion rides, teacups. I'm looking at you. These can be helpful for that. Um, let's see. I don't feel like for early spring, we're quite stroller fan ready, but we do want a little bit of a fan in case we need it. So, we're going in with our handheld misting fans. When it's summer time, though, we're taking the handheld misting fans for when we're in line and stuff. We're taking the stroller fans. Like, it's a whole thing. These things are freaking incredible. If you don't want a misting fan, which these are great. Also, if you're going to take a misting fan, put yourself some ice water in it. Literally gamechanging. We started doing that last summer and I'm like, why have we not thought of this? Why is no one talking about this? This is freaking amazing. If you do not want a misting fan though, this little guy is intense. It is so good. This is the one that my husband is putting in his bag in case he needs a little fan. But it is just it is insanely powerful. Like he held it up and I could literally feel it all the way across our bedroom. It was wild. So, got that. These are our fans that we're going to be tossing in here for the girls. Taking our sling carrier. The four-year-old is still clingy. She was always my clingy baby and she's still my clingy little girl. And so, this works great. Goes under their bum on the shoulder. You just cinch it down and you can carry them and it makes it so much easier onehanded. You're not wearing your back out. It is fantastic. Probably uh let's see. I will probably put this in my purse bag is usually where I carry that one. So that when we are um walking through lines, if she's like, "Oh my gosh, can you upbey me?" or whatever. And we don't have the stroller right there handy, I can pull it out, put her in it, and that works really, really great. a little bag of Ziploc bags because we have snacks and all these things and you need somewhere to collect those. Take Ziplockc bags. It sounds like something so simple and like do I really need that? Seriously, it is very helpful. Especially if you are even needing to like split popcorn. You got a big family popcorn. Kids are riding on the stroller, one of you's walking with it, you can put some into the Ziploc bag and each person have their own little baggie of popcorn or whatever. Seriously, so helpful. So, so helpful. I'm going to do I think we'll do rain gear next. This I want to go ahead and open this. I have restocked for this trip. We used it on our last trip. It was amazing. Helps. I feel like it helped us to not get sick. I'm not doctor. This is not medical advice. But seriously, the we just use the kids and we'll have a spray bottle and all four of us do it. You can do it twi once or twice a day. Four sprays in your mouth. Swallow it. Tastes like honey. So my kids are like, they don't love it, but they don't hate it. And I'm like, we're doing this so we don't get sick. This is like your vitamin. Doesn't always taste good, but we got to do it. It's just not optional. So we do this. Seriously, I feel like it helps. So we're taking that, keeping it in the park bag. That way it's something that if we think about it while we're in the parks, we can do it instead of don't always think about it when you're in that rush to get out of the hotel room. So got that there in handy. Got my little mama's bag of tricks, as I like to call it. But we're gonna go in for this. I have some sticker sheets. Hold on one second. Let me get this unstuck. Have some little character sticker sheets. These are things I can pull out while we're waiting. Things to do. So, I've got those. I have glow stick ones. I'm adding these in here. These are great. You can pick them up at the Dollar Tree. You can pick them up at um Walmart. Honestly, Walmart is ended up being a lot cheaper lately than going to the dollar store for some of that. I will say I am going to remove excess packaging for this. So, it's not all these bulky boxes taking up space in the bag. So, I've got little tops. I will leave it in the little Ziploc bag. That works perfect, but other than that, I don't really need the big thing of a box. And then we've got the box of this, which does not come in a Ziploc bag. We're just going to dump these in here. I love having extras, too, because it's so fun getting to you're sitting there, you're waiting for the parade and there are kids around you and like my girls are like, "Can we give them a a glow stick?" And we like we're like we're glow stick dealers or something and everybody's getting a glow stick cuz it's just always nice to just share kindness cuz we'll be sitting there and other kids will be like, "I want a glow stick or whatever." And they could have a $40 bubble wand in their hand, but they want the Dollar Tree glow stick because another kid has it. And it's nice to just be able like here you go or whatever. So super sweet. Got another box of the wands. The other one we had used quite a bit out of them on our last trip. So just adding in a secondary one of those. And this is our little bag of activities. Fun things to do while we wait in line. I'm also adding in this I found it game. Little card game. Love this one. Our favorite. And this is the one I keep in my mommy bag purse is the spot it. They have a princess version. They have a regular Disney version. They have a just regular spot it game. And those are all super fun and great to play in lines. We'll just like flip them over and be like, "All right, who spots the match first?" And it's like playing this little game and keeping them occupied while we're waiting on meals or at um lines and all that good stuff. So, we got that. Next up, I have a wet bag and I'm going to fold up all of our rain jackets. These are the rain jackets for the girls. My husband and I take our Columbia rain jackets as well. I think these clear ones are really fun though because if they're wearing a cute outfit, they're wearing their princess dress. You can see it with it. And then my girls love that it has the little hood and then it's clear and they're like walking around with this thing pulled down over their eyes like this and they're like walking around. I don't know. For whatever reason, as a mom, I find it really funny. But they love these little things. Inexpensive. are usually 15 or less I feel like on Amazon. Um I say that cuz they kind of change the prices on some of that stuff. So I it's usually around that. But you can fold these up. They're a little bit thicker than like a dollar store poncho. I feel like those just they rip so easy or at least the ones that we have gotten. I'm like this is so cheap. It didn't even last me a day or whatever. Um so we're going to adding these to our bag. Personally, I like keeping these in a wet bag because it has the little snap so I can hang it either off the handle of the backpack if I need to, or since we have our stroller with us, I can actually hang this off of the stroller, toss this pouch into the bottom of the stroller um basket or anything like that. It's not taking up a lot of space in our bag. once we graduate past the stroller, I'm like maybe like two backpack situation or whatever, needing to do also the rain gear and whatnot. But this just gives you a really good place to put it if you're needing to go in somewhere and you're getting back on the bus or whatever and you don't want to carry wet rain jackets. You don't everybody's like not wanting to wear it cuz it's sticky or whatever the reason is. This is a great place to put them. Kind of keeps them contained. So, I really like that part. And then snack pouch that is going in here. This is got all kinds of little meat sticks. We have some lollipops in here. We also have the kids drinking spouts, which I actually have some trash in here. I need to go through that really quick. But we also have the little drinking spouts. Love these. I'm going to move them back into my park bag. That's my like carry bag. These are fantastic. You get the little bottles that you either take water bottles with you into the park in your cooler bag. You get water bottles with their kids meals. They'll do like the little small baby Danis basically. So you can put that in there. Helps it turn into a sports style bottle so they're not spilling it everywhere. And then you can just take that out, toss the bottle into the recycling bin when you're done and you're ready to move on. You're not carrying around this big heavy bottle if you don't want to do that. I find that this is a really good route if you're wanting to go lighter, minimal, and not keep up with so much. Love, love, love these little guys. We also in this snack bag have meat sticks for the rest of us. My husband and I love the Chomps um ones that are like that. They're the um jalapeno. So good. I also love the taco ones. So, they're a great one. Great way to get in some protein if you need to sneak some protein in as well. And then I'm also adding in some more lollipops. My girls love these. And this is the kind they are zero sugar. They have they are allergy friendly, gluten- free, dy free, and keto friendly. So, if we're doing keto, these are actually keto friendly. But going to go ahead and throw some of these in here. And then also throw a couple of them in my mommy bag to have on me if we're just like we need a distraction and we need it now. And this bag is in the stroller or something like that. It is really handy. So, got these extras. I'll probably put them in our pouch in case we need to refill while we are at Disney. I love this. And it's also still got a bit of room. So when we buy snacks at our hotel, we want to add some to this. We can do that as well if we want to. Last couple things I'm putting in there. Tissues. Kind of self-explanatory. I feel like there putting in this pouch has a little pop out hairbrush. Some extra hair ties because I have little girls that are constantly getting their hair messed up. So if we need to like brush it, refix it, pull it up, get it out of their face. They didn't want to do it in the morning. We're just like, "Okay, we'll just do it later. Not a big deal. We've got that with us, which is very helpful. I feel like there's something else that needs to go in here, but I'm not seeing it at the moment. So, that has my backpack packed up. Got some extra space here in the top. So, if we need to throw some things into it last minute, we've got some things in the park, we can do that. This is the bag I carried around and really enjoyed on our last trip. And show you this and then we will fill it up. So, it's the viral bag. I got this one on Amazon. Um, and so I absolutely love it. We'll link it below. All the stuff I put in it. So, we've got our sling carrier that it just folds down small. I'm going to go ahead toss that into the bag. Pouch of wipes. Always need the wipes. And I love to keep them on me instead of necessarily in the stroller. We'll have some on the stroller caddy, but I want to keep some with me at all times. keep some of these little lid covers. These fit on top of the Disney cups if you're needing to seal it to keep a drink in or if you want to. I'll even seal around it and then put the straw in the corner if it's just an wide open cup. Kind of helps so that it's not fully open on the top. Um these are great for that. Love them. Have a couple of the sticker sheets in my bag on hand. That way if we are in a line and we need something the stroller's not with us, we've got that cuz you can't take a stroller in line with you for basically most all attractions. So, we've got that. Have my wallet that I will keep in here as well. My little pouch that has all my lippies, an extra little small sunscreen if we need to reapply while we're in line. Got some Listerine strips, that sort of thing. So, all that is going in here as well. This is like a Mary Poppins bag. It just keeps holding everything. Little coffee cozy for my iced coffees and drinks. Love that one. It's so cute. Phone charger. Definitely need the phone charger when we're there. That uh body glide I'm going to throw into the little pouch so that it's kind of organized and I can find it super easy. In the front pocket, let's see. Actually, in the back pocket is where I put the girls little snacks. I'm putting their lollipops back here. And then also tossing in some little figurines. Like I've got a little Stitch. I've got to get another Minnie Mouse. My daughter grabbed it out of my bag last time and I need to get another one to put in there. Those are great. I have just little figurine toys that they can play with when they are in line. Those are very helpful and handy. The front pouch, I'm going to toss in some lens cleaning wipes. These are great for both the camera if we need those and for our sunglasses if we get fingerprints and stuff all over those. Have a pack of gum tossing in there. Let's see. Hand sanitizer. Definitely definitely want hand sanitizer when you are going to Disney. It is like everything all the things are there. The game is going in here as well. Putting my fan in here. And then last but not least, their little spout I'm putting in the front pocket there. And that is going to have my bag packed and ready to go. It's perfect. I love being able to keep these things with me. So, if we park the stroller, we're strolling around, we're walking through Epcot, we're in a country, whatever, and I need things, this is super, super handy. Last little bit of prepping that I'm going to do for today. And in today's video is getting ready for our Lightning Lane booking day. So, not tomorrow, but the next day, 7 days out, I'll get up in the morning, book our Lightning Lanes, I have my little cheat sheet printable and our wish list with all of our scribbles of things. I love to have this. And that way as our family thinks about it, we had a little session where we sat down with the girls while we were eating breakfast one day and just went through and like, okay, when we're here at this park at Hollywood Studios, what do you guys want to eat? And so we made a list of those things and like what what's everyone's top favorite ride? And so we wrote that down um put down I've added in the park hours so we can kind of have this at a glance. And then this is what I will take also with us. And I usually leave it in our hotel room. It's got which park we're going to for the day. Um when we're doing our resort switch days, that sort of thing. And just kind of lets us know like what's going on for the week. A little nice little reminder. I don't know, something about pen and paper. Just old school that way. But I love a good pen and paper. But I'm going to go ahead fill out this. Um all of these planning sheets that I'm talking about also come in my line skipping play book. So shameless plug for that. if you are wanting to skip out on lines yourself. All of my best tips and tricks in there that we use. So, you can definitely check that out. All got great kids spots and just it it's just really fun. So, it was really I'm proud of that one. Um like I don't know. It feels weird to like be proud of something that you do. But I'm like I don't know. Like my type A perfectionist is always wanting to nitpick things, but I'm like you know what? I'm proud of it. I put a lot of work into that. And I'm like, it's good. So, I've got this though. Going to get this filled out and that way I can know my selections for each day. What day, what the park is, and what I want to grab because sleepy pre non-caffeinated me is going to be like, what in the world are we doing? And I don't want to be looking at all these different sheets like I want one that is telling me book this, this, and this, and like move on to the next day. Um, so got that ready. got our our um uh gift card ready to make that purchase. So, I'm excited about it. But, I'm going to sit here, fill this out, and that is going to put a bow on this prepping video so far. Next one is going to be having a full outfit video. So, I'm going to do like a little try- on haul. Like, we're on FaceTime. You guys give me thoughts on the outfits. And then, um for the next video after that, it will be a pack and unpack with me. So doing a little bit of a hybrid of packing and then also sharing like what we used, what we didn't use, um all that kind of stuff is like my idea for that video. So I'm really excited about it. It's very it's different than any video like prepping and packing video that I've done on my channel. So I'm like had this idea the other day. I'm just like come to me the other I'm like oh this is a good idea like blending it together instead of doing like two different videos. It just puts it all in one. You can see what I'm packing. You can see what worked out, what didn't. and that way we don't have to wait until the end of the vlog series to get that information. So, if you're going soon after um then you'll be able to see that. But I'm going to finish my homework. You get on to your own prepping and packing if that is what you're watching for. Um if you're just hanging out, thank you for hanging out with me. I just I really appreciate you guys. You guys are the best. But since we've made it to the end, you're now part of the honorary end of the video club. So, I need some purple. And I call it the pixie dust emoji, but I think they call it like the sparkly or clean emoji or whatever, but it's like the little three stars. To me, it looks like pixie dust. So, drop me some of those in the comments down below. If you're a member, drop the pink donut emoji for me. Let me know that you're here. But yeah, that's going to do it. I'm gonna get my stuff done, keep working, and then get ready for bed and a few more episodes of Once Upon a Time. We're like midway through season 3, and I'm really excited about it. So, we're going to finish up. Maybe we'll make it through an episode or two episodes while I simultaneously work at the same time, but we're going to get done. But, love you guys. Thank you for being here. Thank you for watching, and I will see you in the next one. Bye.
