---
video_id: U5V3Iak0P9I
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "VLOG: Non-Local Disney Creator Day In The Life + Mini Disney Prep And Pack"
published: 2026-03-02
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5V3Iak0P9I
---
Heat. Heat. Well, hello you guys and welcome to the day in the life vlog. We've got a lot to do today. We've got regular creator work to do, mom work to do. We've got to get ready and make the bruschetta. While we're doing that for a dinner we're having tomorrow night, so we have to kind of marinate and get all good. We have a little bit of prepping and packing to do today. WDW today. >> I can't reach the internet right now. Check your modem or router connection and try again >> because Dana and I are going on a really fun trip, which we can talk about in just a bit. But got a lot to check off the to-do list today, but wanted to take you guys along for it. So, I hope you guys are ready. You've got your iced coffee. You're prepared for the day. And let's go ahead and jump into it all. any of my other work from home people love to just like sit and work in the most random places. cuz I keep I just I love switching it up in our house. So, I'm using my bed as my desk and I'm sitting on this little um ottoman in here. But right now, I'm getting a couple of things done. I need to do some backend work for our YouTube video um that is going to go live on Monday. Today I'm filming this is Friday. So, got to get this finished up, get it ready so that YouTube members can watch that. So, if you're curious, that is where if you become a member, it's I think $4.99 a month. Um, you get early access to videos, special little emojis, like if you see anyone with a pink donut emoji, that's how they got that emoji. Special castle emojis, things like that that you can use. Um, and so, yeah, we do stuff like that with that. But, want to get that up and ready because on Monday we will also be gone on that little trip that we're going to talk about in just a bit. But, want to get this done. Dean is working on the edit for Thursday's video cuz I would love to get both of those like up. Members have them. We're done. Like they're ready to go live. >> Um I slept in Lucy's bed. >> You snuck into Lucy's bed. >> That's so silly. >> All right. >> Hi guys. >> You like here? >> All right. You girls go finish your breakfast. I like wishing. >> All right, go go go eat your breakfast, silly goose. All right, I'm going to try to do this while they're eating their breakfast. We need to run some errands. We need to do some things. But I'm just like, that is work from home life. As someone who is self-employed, we're just bouncing around all day long. It is It is a No two days are the same. It's like I I want to do a a daily routine. It's like we have a little bit of a routine, but just it's Yeah, it's it's just all over the board. But we're going to go ahead get this video done. I need to do a thumbnail. I've got to do all the links. Um got to finish out the title right now. It's winter at Disney day 2. And it's actually not even day two. It's day four. So it's winter at Disney day four. But that's not a very interesting title. So, we got to we got to we got to workshop the title here for a second. Get that done, get it up, get it ready. Um, my email number just keeps growing and I'm like, we got to get to that. Um, yeah, we just we've got a lot to do today. Um, if I think about it too much, I'm just going to like I get it in my head and I get overwhelmed. But, we're just we're going to do this. We're going to do it one step at a time. We're just one thing at a time checking off the to-do list, but we're going to get this video done, then run some errands, then do some shows prep, then get another video done, and we're just we're going to do it all today. Heat. Heat. girls and I have busted out making a quick pit stop at the car wash and then we're going to run a couple of errands. I need to go get my eyebrows next. I keep putting it off and I'm like, "Okay, need to do that." Got to pick up some ingredients for a recipe that we've got to make. Um, and then I've got to get the bread. All kinds of stuff. I'm trying to think. I feel like there's something else I need to do while I'm out, but I didn't write it down. I'm just like, I don't remember. Nope. Nope. I thought mom brain went away. Apparently, it does not. It just you just have it. Um, so yeah, there's that. Feel like there was something else, but we're going to run through the car wash. I don't think I'm going to like take the time to detail it, but I'll at least make the outside look better. >> How? >> So, we'll we'll at least do that. >> Your stitch magnet. like Heat. Heat. Good. Ersands have been run. We are back. Oop, that's going to fall over. We were back home and the internet literally as soon as I finished the backend work for the Hollywood Studios um vlog, it just like crapped out and was will not come back on. Got a text from the internet provider that it's like your service is down. It's like I thank you. I'm glad you know when you're working on it. So kind of hard to do when all of your work is on the computer. So, I'm going to at least do a hotspot for a minute. I hate to do that for very long. Um cuz our plan, like our phone plan, only comes with so much hotspots. I'm like, I don't want to use a lot of it. Um but I do want to and I just prefer to do it on my big internet. Um I do want to for our trip that Dean and I are going on set up my weight magic searches. just that way it's all ready to go. So, like I said, this is Friday when I'm filming this. Sunday morning at like really early. I've got to figure out and do the like backwards math of when we need to leave based on our flight. It's like it's a 6:00 a.m. flight, I think. I think it's 6:00 a.m. I think it's like actually like 6:00 a.m. on the nose. Um, but we are going to So, shocker Disney World for one night. Um, it is literally going to be um, we did the math from like when we'll land to when we take off again from MCO and it will be 27 hours 32 minutes in Orlando. So, I'm really excited about it though cuz we have this whole list of literally 28 things. We didn't plan it that way. We just sat down and we were like, "Okay, what do we want to do?" And we like started going through and just like spewing off all these things that we want to do together. Um, and so I'm really excited about it. Um, a sweet agent, Robin, is actually hosting us. This she's I'll talk about her in that video. Um, but she reached out and she was like, "Hey, I would love to host you guys. Do you have anything?" So, we were able to put that together and so she's hosting us and I'm so excited. It's a staying at the Contemporary, which we've stayed at Bay Lake, but we've never stayed in the Contemporary. And it's going to be in a Garden Wing room, which I am so excited. and it's a garden wing water view which we've seen those on the boat going back from Fort Wilderness um and other places that we've stayed and I'm just like I have always wanted to stay there in one of those rooms but for whatever reason we just haven't done that yet. So I'm like I'm really excited to be able to check that off and like do have a stay there. Um and being able to like walk right over to Magic Kingdom and it's just going to be literal perfection. But I do have a few Lightning Lanes already booked for us. I ended up because we have our March trip coming up. I've been geared in March trip and then we have a wedding right before that. So it's the weekend before. So it'll be Friday, Sunday, we get back. We're here Monday and then Tuesday we're off to Disney World. And so I've had that whole like two backtoback trips things going on. And it's not just attending a wedding. I'm a bridesmaid in the wedding and then the girls are flower girls in the wedding. So, I'm like trying to make sure everything is ready and so I just completely forgot to do our lightning lanes for this trip and realize later. So, they're okay, but they're not great. Um, but I do want to go in and set some searches up, see if we can move sometimes a little earlier in the day and then also have our wish list of like attractions cuz we want to ride stuff that we can't normally ride together. So, like one of them is Space Mountain, one of our Lightning Lanes. Um, we have Winnie the Pooh on there cuz we like Winnie the Pooh. Um, and then I want to do um we have a Tron Lightning Lane cuz we never like we it's been so long. I hate to spend the money on it, but I'm like for this we will do it. It's just not something I don't know. I I like Tron, but it's like me. But we did also get a lightning lane for Guardians of the Galaxy. That one we love. I'm like that is worth the lightning lane spend. Tron, it's just like it's so so short. Like you literally it's so short. So I don't know. We'll see. But I do want to get at least get our searches in here. We want to do um test track. Want to do Slinky Dog. So we'll see what availability looks like that day. But we're going to do some park hopping. It is going to be we're going to go hard. But I'm so excited about it. It's going to be a lot of fun. Um, but all that to say, I'm going to go ahead and get this going so that I've at least got that checked off and I don't have to think about it because tomorrow evening, we've got a birthday dinner to go to and we have a friends and family event for a local coffee shop. We may go to that in the morning and so it's just like there's it's either nothing to do or everything to do. I don't know why that is. Okay, let's see. Is this Okay, perfect. It is working. All right, I'm gonna do this and stop rambling. Um, but I'm I'm so freaking excited about this trip. I don't know why I'm so excited about it. Um, the girls ended up over the days leading up to and like over Valentine's ended up with the flu. Like, really? We can go to Disney? We made it through that. I get lazy with our vitamins. I get lazy with our our spray and all that stuff. So, I kind of talked about that in the whole video um for the spring, but I'm like, seriously, come home. That's where we get sick. And I'm like, so all that to say, they were sick over Valentine's. And so, we were fighting fevers and throw up and all that kind of nasty stuff. And so, I'm like, okay, this is this is just going to be it works out great. It's our belated doover for Valentine's. So, it it's just I'm so excited. I'm really I'm really excited. So, okay. So, we got to do this. Searches have been set up. And because I know I'm going to get this question, do you have a tutorial, I don't on YouTube, but I have a step-by-step. And I also don't want to make this video forever long like talking about that and being like such a niche thing. But if that's something you're interested in, it is in both of my guides, whether it's the line skipping playbook or pixie dusted memories. So, just depending on what amount of assistance you're looking for with your trip and planning, you can check those out. But I will pop up a little QR code here that you can scan and check that out or the box below. If you use code video, you can get 10% off. Um, but seriously, Weight Magic is amazing. If you need a tutorial, I have that. If not, just go use it. And it is fantastic. Um, absolutely love love love it and cannot recommend it enough. Like we loved Stand by Skipper for the longest time, but then after Thrill Data dropped Weight Magic, and the fact that the fact that alone that it can modify just blows Skipper out of the water. Like seriously, if if you enjoy Skipper, you're really going to enjoy this because you're not having to cancel Lightning Lanes and have it try to rebook stuff. Like, you've got the option to modify. You've got the option to set up your searches. Like, how archaic is the fact that you have to set up your skipper searches morning of? Like, even Disney doesn't make you buy Lightning Lanes morning of. Like, to me, that feels archaic. Like, what the heck? Even Disney has improved. Um, so it just I wish they would improve that. Like, why why are we why are we stuck in the past? Why are we not putting an effort into updating that? I don't know. I don't know. you would think you would want to continually evolve and elevate your product and like make it better. I don't know, maybe that's just me. But either way, I digress. That's not what we got in here to talk about. But if you are looking for a Lightning Lane assistant, Weight Magic is the way to go. Hands down. Freaking love it. If you are going to be spending money, like you want to spend it on the best thing possible, and that is White Magic. All right. So, while the internet is still out, I figured I'd go ahead and work on my outfit for Disney. So, it's going to be two different temperatures like really wise. We're headed into early spring and it is still very much so all over the board. So, I checked earlier It's like every time I check it keeps changing on me. But let's see. For Sunday, the high is 77 and the low is 50. Right now, it's 86 and it's Friday. So, we've got two days. The high then is going to be 77. The low is going to be 50. Monday, the morning that we have there before we fly home is going to be a high of 56 and a low of 44. So, looking at the temperature, um, we are planning on like rope dropping and doing all that stuff. So, at rope drop at 8:00 a.m. will be 42°, hence the sweater. So, this one is nice and thick and cozy. I'm feeling like it will be perfect with the daisy cuz it kind of looks like daisies. You get the idea. Got my comfy jeans on because I want something warm. I'm contemplating taking a pair of leggings to layer under these. I don't know. I'm torn on that part cuz we're just doing personal items cuz it's 27 and 1/2 hours. So, I'm like, we're not I don't want to pack a bunch of stuff, but I'm also like I don't want to be freezing. I want to be able to enjoy our time there. So, oh, and it's supposed to rain on Sunday, so we got to pack for that. But I'm thinking thinking this will be the outfit. I just don't know whether I should take an additional jacket or if this sweater is going to suffice cuz we don't have a long time that morning. We get picked up at 10:30 a.m. So, we're planning on rope dropping Animal Kingdom for breakfast and then going over and rope dropping Magic Kingdom. So, we're hoping to do a double. We'll see. We'll see. But, we're hoping to double up and then be back over to Contemporary to be picked up at 10:30 to go to the airport. Um, so it's not a long time, but also like it's going to be the coldest section of the day that we're going to be running around. So, I don't know. Plus, we've got everything else coming up. So, I'm like, I don't also want to be out in the cold and get sick either. So, I think this is the outfit. I just don't know if we're I probably will end up throwing in the leggings just to be on the safe side cuz they're not going to take up a ton of space. And then I don't know whether to do a jacket or not. That that is the decision we've got to make. I have one other outfit though coming for our March trip and I may go ahead and just pull it out and wear it for our travel day down there. Lower this just a little bit. Um, so it'll be this shirt and these pants. I think they'll be so cute. And being in the 70s, I feel like that with even like a little cardigan thrown over it will be perfect for those temperatures. So that's this is the idea because travel day outfit isn't just travel day like we're going to just spend the day in it and like once we hit the ground we're going to be running. So I'm like okay I want it to be cute and comfy because obviously we're flying in it but then it's just got to transition because I don't want to take a bunch of clothes and like change. I'm not going that far into it but I am like I'm really excited about this outfit. So, it's either that or the black set like this that I shared if the other one doesn't end up arriving. Um, then I will wear the probably the black set and do like a little Minnie Mouse outfit instead. Um, cuz I feel like that set's going to be comfy again. Can throw a cardigan over it and rock that and go like Minnie Mouse. And then I have the bag I shared in the haul and do that with the little black and then wear my like Minnie Mouse classic mini ears. I have that as another one of my outfits here for our spring trip that is coming up right on the heels of this. So I'm like I've got all those ready. So I'm just kind of like pulling some of my favorites so I can like repeat the outfits that I'm like really really excited about. Like I'm excited about all of them, but those I'm like extra excited about. So, I think that'll be fun. And then I'm just going to take one pair of tennis shoes. They're actually the tennis shoes I'm wearing today. They're my ultras. So, I'll just double up and wear them the same day cuz obviously I don't want to take a bunch of extra bulky tennis shoes cuz again, it is 27 and 1/2 hours. So, it's like we don't need a ton. Um, but I do need to grab some toiletries. So, let's do that really quick. There you go. So, this is going to be the park bag. So, we're taking two backpacks. So, I'm going to take this one as my park bag, and then we're going to pack Dean's backpack as our like clothing stuff like that we need at the hotel, toiletries, all that good stuff. So, I've got my big wide open backpack. Took things some things out of it. Some things I'm leaving. Our little meds pouch. Got all kinds of stuff in there. My word search. I'm going to leave. My ink pen. I'm leaving. Um, I've got this Rio Radiance. I'm trying to use the rest of this up. We used it on I guess it was on our cruise in December and so I love it. Smells so good. So, I'm just taking this for us and I'm just going to use that as our sunscreen. Got Clorox wipes in here, our other meds, and then some of my um patches for my ears for motion. And I'm also going to toss in a wet bag cuz you just you never know when you need a wet bag. Got a hairbrush. I'll take that for myself. Backup deodorant. I will take that. Anything that's like the girls specifically, like their change of clothes, their snacks, meal time bag, all that stuff. I don't need any of that. So, leaving that there. I am going to take our hand warmer since it is going to be chilly that morning. Um, one for each of us. I guess I'll put it in this front pack here. The tiniest sewing machine known to man. I swear this thing is so small. But I'm going to take that for our hotel. Oh, and I do have in here this I think it's in this pocket or no, is it in this pocket? Yes, it's in here. This retractable charger so that we can charge our phones while we are sleeping in the room. can charge one and then the other and then we'll have our in our other chargers um if we need it for in the parks and stuff. But I'm going to take these. These are usually what I'll take and use for our iced coffee. They are collapsible cups. But I'm going to take them this time to just put water in. We can fill them up at the airport and that way we can just travel as light as possible for this. So I'm going to toss those in there. take my makeup mirror because since it's an early flight, I may end up just doing my makeup on the plane instead of getting up early and doing it here before we leave. Got us each our favorite chip. So, we've got got some snacks. Got our coffee collars, which I'm also going to toss in there. Our popcorn bucket. I may stick some of these items in the popcorn bucket just to like make it have room. Then I need to add Dean's contact solution and hairbrush to our toiletry bag. And got my magic band. I've got to grab his. And then got his charger. Just got to find mine. I think it's in my purse. So it's again super easy. Not taking a lot cuz we're obviously not going to be there for very long. But some of these I'm like I can't live without my like the hand warmers if I'm cold. I don't I don't want to be cold. Um, I it just it my body hurts when I get cold and I'm like I don't m I don't I don't feel like doing that. I'm like this is this is going to be fun and I'm not let I'm not letting anything get in the way of us having a fun time. So, we're going to do that. Um I think that's all we're going to need to take mostly. I just need to get his magic band finished with the toiletries. We'll see about the outfit. I feel like there's something that I'm just like, "No, you need to take this." But I can't think of it right now. I don't know. We'll find it. I'm going to go over my packing list cuz I swear like you think of all these things and it's like I saw the hairbrush in our other bag and I'm like freaking hairbrush. It's always the most simple things that I feel like you end up forgetting. So that's why like write it down. Don't trust that your brain will remember. Even if it's something silly like pack your toothbrush, don't forget to put that on there cuz it is so easy. Like I'm I'm telling you it is the simple things that you will forget. So I'm going to finish that. I'm hoping our internet comes back on our community like Facebook group. Everybody in there is like where's the internet? What's going on? Cuz different ones work from home as well or they're like I can't say my security cameras or like whatever cuz the internet is just off. So I'm hoping it comes back soon obviously for editing. Thankfully Dean is able to still work on the video for his part, but once I I do my part of like finishing out the edit and get it ready. I can't upload it and so I'm I'm hoping by the time we're ready to upload it comes back on. Um or we're just going to have to go somewhere. Um I don't know. I think my parents might have internet so we might go over there. They should like they they don't have the same provider we do. So they they should have internet. Maybe we can go over there if we need to. I don't know. We'll see. But I just want to get I want to get that stuff done. And that way next week's content is just like done and I don't even have to think about it over the weekend or once we come back is like come back into a rush is it's like cuz we got to work ahead with having these other trips. I'm like I've got to I've got to get ahead. And it's like every time we get ahead, something happens and it like three steps forward, two steps back is kind of how it feels sometimes. So, you know what? I'm just I'm trying to fight out of that. So, we're going to keep going. Get some more stuff done. And got to find his magic band. I thought it was with all of our magic bands, but it's not. So, now I'm like, where did that go? All right. You guys ready to go? >> Already. >> It is a bit later. Work has been accomplished. Dean has tackled the Magic Kingdom vlog. So, we got to finish that when we get home. We finally have the internet again. >> It's epic. >> Finally. I swear it's always on the days that you're like, I'm going to be so productive and get so much done that it's like, no, you're not. No, you're you're you just thought you were kidding. It's like, um, >> at least it was pretty. >> It it was the day was beautiful. I'm so grateful for the sunshine and like 60some degree weather. That was fantastic. Um, but now I'm like, okay, do I work on that video and get that finished or do I film a video for spoonful because I need to film something for Sunday and it will still need to be edited. So, I don't know if I will film when I get home or finish the video or finish the video tomorrow. We'll see. Um, >> what do we do? >> I don't know. It's just the juggle of getting it all done. Um, but we're going to we're going to make it happen. Either way, we are on our way out though. We're going to grab dinner, go get some Mexican. We have not had Mexican in literally probably a couple months since we have been out to get Mexican. >> And we're doing it right before we go on a trip because that's always a good idea. Always get Mexican right before a trip. >> Yeah, cuz that went so well before a road trip. >> Why do we do this to ourselves? >> Cuz it's delicious. >> This is true. Hopefully it goes well. Now one's stomach is just like jacked up. Um, okay. We're going to go get dinner, though. I brought coloring books. We've got the sketch pencils. We're just going to chill, do that, and then go back home and get back to work because it never ends when you're working for yourself at home. >> It never ends. >> It No. >> All right, it is 8:30. We have done the bedtime routine. Kids are in bed, showered, hair's done, braided, whole thing. and I am just hitting a wall right now. So, I'm like I feel like picking up the c ending this picking up the camera again to film an evening reset or evening routine or something like that would just be look I would not enjoy filming it because I'm getting very tired and I don't think you guys would enjoy watching that because it would be very boring watching me not be into it. So, we'll I'll either get it get it all done tomorrow, get the filming done and finish the other video out, or I'll just I don't know. Give myself grace on spoonful. Make sure Pixie is got her got that those videos going over there. And then we'll just get back in the swing of things the following Sunday. I don't know. We'll see how tomorrow goes. Um but yeah, that's going to put a bow on this. I hope you enjoyed coming along for this very random day. It definitely did not go the way I had hoped of like being super productive and like going out of the day having a bunch of things done and not having internet for six plus hours today was not helpful. But you know, it is what it is. We're rolling with the punches. Eventually, we will get caught up. But hope you guys enjoyed the video. If you did, don't forget click the thumbs up button, red subscribe button, and I'll see you right back here on the next one.
