---
video_id: Fy95AYmcGOM
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "REALISTIC Spring Outfits for Disney World + Packing Haul"
published: 2026-03-12
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fy95AYmcGOM
---
It is time to start packing for Disney World. And I'm so excited that you were coming along for part number two of this prep and pack with me for Disney World series. Today we are packing all of the outfits and accessories, going over the weather for springtime and how you might want to dress accordingly for that and ways to add just a little bit more magic to your outfit and your Disney trip all together. So, if you're excited, ready to jump into all things packing and outfits, click that thumbs up button and let's jump into it. vibe from today's video is kind of like we're hanging out on FaceTime. I'm sharing outfits, trying things on cuz I have not tried on a couple of these pieces and I want to do it now not in the hotel room so where I'm not scrambling trying to get everyone else out the door and then be like what am I going to wear cuz I don't think um a not an outfit is a acceptable thing at Disney. Nobody wants to see all that. So, this is when you're going to want to have your iced coffee, your emotional support cup water, or your Alani ready to go so we can get through this and get ready to get you packed and ready for your magical vacation as well. So, with no further ado, we're just going to jump into it and start out with travel day. So, I'm pretty sure everyone at the airport is going to be able to know where we're going just from the hat alone. But I don't know. I will either wear the hat or pack the hat. I just don't want to hurt the little Mickey ears on it. So, I always feel so weird like putting it in a suitcase. But, I might could figure out a way to put it in the suitcase. But, I digress. This is my outfit because we are doing an Ariel theme for arrival day. Kind of doing the opposite. So, green like Finn's purple on the bottom. So, just kind of on or purple's usually her top. So, switching it up. Wearing my bulkiest pair of tennis shoes. Love these. Wore them in January. So comfortable. So, so comfortable. We'll link all of our shoes. I have some favorites and I'm like, these I can wear all day in the parks. I have two different pairs of tenny shoes and a pair of sandals. No blisters. It's just hallelujah. They're great. Work great all day long. But this is comfy. It's going to be nice and cozy for on the airplane in the airport when it's chilly. I can pull the sleeves up a little bit if I get cool. But then we are going to have an outfit to change into once we arrive because it's going to be cool time after that. Before we keep going with the outfits, I quickly wanted to introduce myself so you can get to know who you're hanging out with for the next few minutes. Hi, my name is Ashley and here on my channel, Pixie Dusted Mom, I share all kinds of tips, tricks, and hacks for helping you plan the best Disney World vacation as a family. We love traveling together, my husband, myself, and our two little girls to Disney World quite often. We are annual passholders that are non-local living in Tennessee. So, we we do commute to go to Disney World, but love sharing that and helping you plan the most magical vacations for your own family. So, if that is content you want in your subscription feed, you want that little dose of magic getting you excited for your own magical adventure you might be prepping for or carrying a little bit of those Disney blues while you're waiting on your trip countdown. I'd love it if you would click the red subscribe button or if you're watching on your TV, you can grab your phone, point the camera app towards this little QR code right over here, tap on the link when it pops up, and then go over and be able to subscribe from there. But would simply love to have you in our little internet fam. But with no further ado, let's keep going. While we wait for the room to be ready, we are going to be prepared to head to the pool. So, I have my lovely little cover up because the weather during our spring trip is going to be between 65 and 85°. To me, that is like perfect Disney spring weather because it is nice enough that if you want to throw on a sweatshirt in the morning and in the evenings, you absolutely can. But it's warm enough in the middle of the day when you take that nice little midday break if you want to dip in the pool. It's warm enough to actually feel warm and you're not like chattering when you get out of the pool. So once we get there, it is going to be grab pizza at the quick service and head straight to the hotel pool so that we can get some swimming in. Got again the Mickey hat going on. Crochet cover up. And then underneath have on one of my favorite moms. Stays in place. It is movable. It's easy to go to the bathroom when you need to. I feel like it has good coverage. Not a lot of booty hanging out of it. And then we also have the sandals going on. Love this swimsuit. Having to take a breath because I'm getting a little cinch right filming in a bikini. Don't know why this is, but this is a swimsuit that I really like. I don't know why this is like making me nervous, but not that no one's going to see me at in this at the pool. Um, yeah. Okay. But, but after our dip in the pool, hopefully our room will be ready. We'll go over, get that set up, get freshened up, and then we're going to change and head off to Hollywood Studios where we're continuing that aerial theme with the outfits. Once we will have completed our outfit change from swimsuit to freshened up and ready for Hollywood Studios, this is my kind of Ariel themed outfit. We've got the Ariel sunglasses. Got my gigantic earrings. This is a little bigger than I expected, but I'm like, they're cute. They're also still really lightweight. Got the knit top. Got a little bra tank, built-in bra tank under this. And my ruffle jean shorts. These are so comfy. Like 10 out of 10. No notes. Should not be this comfy. Love the ruffles. I think it's so cute. Adds a little feminine touch. Almost like fins. Kind of cute. And then we have the sandals. The same ones I wore to the pool. These are very comfortable. Can spend literally all day at a park in those shoes. Have multiple times over the summer, fall, spring of last year, and plan to do it again. Have it in two different colors. I love these sandals so so much. But this is kind of the outfit. Now, to backtrack and share what hubby and the girls are going to be wearing during their time for the morning travel, my girls are going to be wearing their little Ariel outfits. My youngest has the purple Ariel sweatshirt. We've got the joggers. Super cute. My oldest is going to be wearing the bright pink Ariel sweatshirt. Again, no one's going to guess where we're going in the airport at all. Like, super incognito here. And then we also have the Finn leggings for her. I don't have anything overly like Little Mermaid themed for my husband. I was I've not been able to really find anything for him for that. I don't know. There's still hope. When I'm filming this, we're 6 days out. So, we could we could change. But for their swimming suits or swimming costumes, I love that. I think it's so cute. I look I just I think that's adorable. I do have hubby a green t-shirt. So that's as as themed as huby's getting right now. He's It gets better. I promise. We have other things, but that's his. My girls for their little swimsuit coverups have these shirts and little short sets that they can put on over that. Um is a little one for them. My older daughter has the kind of sherbety orange set. Same style shirt and shorts. And then for swimming costumes, they have the flamingos. There's my four-year-old calls it flamingos. So, we have her little swimsuit. And then I have my six-year-old's swimsuit. Hers is this Stitch one. She is in her Stitch era hardcore. So that's going to be her like afternoon at the pool outfit. And then that evening to go with it. Got hubby. He has this purple shirt which coordinates beautifully with the aerial theme. I feel like then he's going to wear his black shorts. That is his like dad staple. Black shorts every day. So we've got that going for him. And then for the girls, I have these little Ariel t-shirts that they're going to be wearing. Just kind of something cute and comfy. And then their denim shorts. Pulled these out of the drawer. So they'll have them ready to go. And that's what they're going to wear to Hollywood Studios that night cuz we're planning on doing the uh Little Mermaid show. We're not doing Lightning Lane that day. It's going to be one of those things where we go in, we enjoy the park. We are annual passholders. I don't know if I've said that. So, it's part of why we'll go in for a few hours. We're not buying a whole ticket to just go in for like two or three hours, but we're going to do things that just have low weights, enjoy the park, and just have some fun at Hollywood Studios. Kind of kick off the trip, have a little magic, and that is going to be our place for the evening. Now, I'm going to jump into it. But since we're talking about Hollywood Studios, I'm going to categorize these by each park and like theme of what to wear at the specific park. So, since we're talking about Hollywood Studios, let's think Toy Story. I can't even take myself seriously saying that. I don't know how I want to start this, but here we are. This is the Toy Story outfit. So, for me, got the alien ears, hence the claw statement at the beginning of this. And then I have on my Pizza Planet shirt. I felt like these pants being the gingham checkered pants really worked for pizza restaurant tablecloth and then just kind of completed the ensemble. I've got my other pair of ultra tennis shoes. These are my all-white ones. And you best believe, yes, my kids do step on them. Thankfully, they've cleaned up really well. Um, but I swear, white tennis shoes and the bottom of my children's feet, it's like it says come to me and they immediately step on them like as soon as I put them on. But I digress. This is the outfit that I'm wearing. I sadly don't have a cute bag that I'm going to be using that's like themed to this, but I do have my traditional purple cross body, which I guess I could just go get it and show you. Okay. And back. Here's the bag. So, it is one of the viral bags. It is amazing. I love it. And then this actually holds your water bottle. Water b water. Water bottle. Don't know why that was so hard to say, but I picked it up at a Disney gift shop was with one of the like coolers where you can get bottled water and soda and stuff. It was just hanging there. So, I thought that was super cute. So, if you see one, grab it cuz they're very rare. I've not seen them but like once or twice since. So if you want it and you see it, grab it. But this is the outfit for MUA. So the girlies, one of them is going to be Buzz Lightear. I thought this little dress was so cute. It's just absolutely precious. Love that. And then other one is going to be B Peep. Got the little kind of puff sleeves going on there. Super cute little dress. And then hubby. I actually got this one. Ordered it from the Disney store. I'm worried it'll be okay in the morning and the evening, but I'm worried he's going to get a little hot in the afternoon. So, I need to find a like undershirt that he can wear. Back of it says Buzz Lightyear on it. He put it on and he's like, "This is way more comfortable than it should be." So, this is his like top and then again black shorts that are going with this. But again, I need to find some sort of shirt to wear under this. So, that is that's part of my homework after filming this video. But, this is Hollywood Studios, so we're only doing it in the evening one day and then a full day there. And this is the only outfit I have planned. But let's just ride on over to Epcot and go over those outfits over at Epcot. It is going to be the Flower and Garden Festival. So, I have this pretty set kind of crochet knit set going on here is kind of a cropped top, high-waisted pants, shorts underneath the crochet on the bottom. So, see if I can put my knee up here. I can't do the whole outfit, but you can see there's like skin through there. And so it is very cool, very breezy. I love this. I feel like I could also wear this and head over to like Grand Fian or Yach Club, beach club. Like I feel like it would go for like dinner at one of those as as well. I am wearing the sandals with this outfit. I felt like sandals went better than tennis shoes. And then to cap it all off, I have my little lemon hair clip going on here. But this is super comfortable. I feel like I can squat, I can bend, I can be mom, I can chase the kids around the park, I can have fun, but I still look super cute and super put together and I can also save this set and rock it for Easter. So, there's that, too. So, I kind of can do double duty. I I love a set that's so versatile, and this is that. And I'm going to be honest, it's the first time I put it on, and I was not expecting it to be as comfortable as it is. And it feels so good. Like, so good. um for the hubby and girls. So, Hubs is going to be rocking this pink striped kind of cottony button-up. He is going to roll the sleeves up and that way he can be ready for the day. And then also again, black shorts. You guessed it. And then for the girls, they are going to be wearing matching dresses cuz a lot of times they do like to dress the same. So, we've got these little smocked floral dresses here for them. Super super cute. I can just see them like looking at the butterflies and drinking the lavender lemonade and just enjoying the festival. They're going to be so cute. But if you're looking for something a little more comfortable, we do have that option as well. This one's going to be a bit more comfortable. I absolutely love this romper. It has pockets. It is so soft, so comfy. Shared it last summer. wore to Disney last summer. Loved it so much. I'm wearing it again. Got the purple cardigan over it and a bit of purple inside of the design. So, I felt like that kind of fit really well. Got the sparkly purple ears going on with it as well. And I'm wearing the sandals once again. Just felt like sandals fit this outfit. If you wanted tennis shoes, you could swap it out for that. But this is super comfy. I feel like I'm ready. Again, I can chase the kids. I can squat. I can mend. I can be comfy. I can be cute. and also feeling kind of themed to flower and garden with that. And again, a lot of these are outfits we can repeat them at home. We're bringing in Disney accessories, but everything in all of the outfits that I'm sharing don't just scream Disney. If you're going to the beach, you can incorporate some of them into the beach. If you're going on a cruise, you could do that. Whatever kind of summer you are, spring or summer you are getting ready to have. Hubs, we have the striped shirt. I found a lot of these on clearance last year, so I was able to rack up on him some shirts like this one. I got it for five bucks, which was amazing. Love the blue stripes, so that's fantastic. My youngest will be in her Isabella dress because Isabella makes flowers and she wanted to wear that for the festival in the evening. And then since there is a Moana section, my oldest wanted her Moana dress and I've got them some little bike shorts to wear under that cuz they are going to be running and playing and so want them comfortable and covered. We have one more Epcot outfit and I really like this one. It's hard to pick between the blue one. I love this outfit, but it's between the blue one and this next one. Last but not least for our Epcot outfits is this kind of gingham Pooh Bear springtime vibes. Got the croppedish shirt with Pooh and Piglet and Eeyore on it. I loved the little bows on it. Very felt very girly and feminine. Got my Pooh Bear ears which are actually signed by Pooh and Tiger themselves. Took them before and love those. So that one was fun. Got the purple gingham pants going on. They do have pockets which is great as a mom. Love those. And then rocking the sandals once again for my hubby. He is going in this long sleeve kind of tealish blue turquoise blue shirt here. Super comfy. So, he's rocking that one. And then for my girls, they're doing kind of like similar outfits. Found these at Walmart. I got a Bonjour Marie for my youngest with the cute little striped pants that go with it for the set. And then for my older daughter, we have kind of a gingham peachy gingham pants with the Minnie Mouse shirt paired with it. So, I felt like this felt very like spring, flowers, garden, uh, farmers market, like that sort of vibe. So, I thought these were so so stinking cute. So, we got those for them. But that's going to round out our outfits for Epcot. So, we only have one outfit for Animal Kingdom. So, let's get that out of the way and then we'll get on to the showstopper, Magic Kingdom. This outfit feels very loud. This is the Animal Kingdom outfit. It feels very loud. like together the whole ensemble. Like I like it, but I'm kind of like, do I like it all at the same time? I feel like the shorts are a little long. Little long. But I like the shirt. Like I feel like I could just wear the shirt with some jean shorts and that would be really cute. So this is where I need I I need sister opinion. like, "Yes, keep it. Send it back." Or, "Girl, just ditch those shorts." Like, what is it? You'll have to let me know cuz I am very undecided on this one. Again, I like the shirt. But like, is it worth keeping the whole outfit for just the shirt? I don't know. You tell me what you think. What would you do? Um, I don't know. I feel like the shorts are a little like I don't know. I don't know. I I I don't know. I don't know if I have the confidence to pull this off. I don't know. I don't know. To quickly cover a few bases of what I mean by springtime and what I kind of categorize it as is anytime between March and early May. So, by early May, by about midmay, you are starting to slide into summer temperatures. It is hot. You're not really getting as much of those cool mornings and cool evenings that you do need a cardigan, sweatshirt, that sort of thing from. You can walk out in your tank top and shorts all year long. You're not having those random cold dips typically during that time. And especially like you are in March, you can still get some of those coming out of the winter season. We were there in January and it was literally a record low of freezing. While we were there, Floridaians were freaking out. Plants were like stressed. I still see all of my like gardening friends that I watch online that are doing stuff in Florida and their poor tropical plants are just depressed and brown and it is so so sad. So, with that being said, if you are going in especially the month of March and even into April, for the month of April, I would definitely consider taking some layers still, I would at least pack one pair of pants or jeans that you can wear if it does have a random little cold snap. Also, tossing in a cardigan or sweatshirt that you can kind of mix and match with some of the outfits that you're going to be taking will also be insanely helpful. I have a white cardigan that I'm going to be taking. I can throw it over any of my outfits that I'm going to be wearing and added a layer to be warm. It's one of those temperatures where you're not going to be freezing and like shaking cold, but it can be cool, especially with the humidity, the wind off the water, and the wind chill when it does kind of kick up in the evenings and sometimes in the mornings it can be downright chilly. There's also the situation of Disney buses where they have the AC blasting, like hardcore blasting. It's like you're standing right in front of the air conditioning unit. So you may want a sweatshirt or jacket for then going inside into restaurants, another place that they do have it blasting inside of the resorts. So it's one of those things just because it's summer time and you're thinking hot, I would not completely eliminate a sweater, sweatshirt, outfit from your lineup of your things that you're packing so that you are prepared for again any cold snaps that might happen or those times when you are going inside and it is chilly. you want to kind of have that handy. For my girls, I will take a lightweight sweatshirt that they can just throw on. Super cute, super comfy, and again will work with a lot of their different outfits. When it comes to shoes, jumping into that really quick, I'm personally taking three pairs of shoes. Let me grab them. So, for the springtime, I'm still leaning towards predominantly tennis shoes, a little bit of sandals. Once we jump into summer, it's going to be pure sandals with one pair of tennis shoes. So, for my travel day, I'm going to wear my bulkiest pair. These are Alt. I love them. They're kind of like a barefoot shoe, but not the toe barefoot shoes. No offense if you wear those. I just think they're weird. But if you love them, I love them for you, just not for me. These though are insanely comfortable. We wore them all week on my husband and I both got some Ultras. We wore them all week on our January trip. Loved them so much. been wearing them around the house on walks, doing all the things, running errands all day, getting work done, these are absolutely amazing. I do like that these have a little bit more cushion to them. They also have some that are a bit more flat. So, if you're really leaning into that whole barefoot shoe thing, these are super comfy. I took a chance with the white ones. Yeah. But these are also alt really comfy. I will link all these that I can down below. Seriously, absolutely love love love them. And then the sandals. I think I've been talking about these for three years now. Going almost three years now. I have a tan pair here and then I also have a white pair. And I love these. I will link them again. Link them down below. Put up a QR code here. But these are so incredibly comfy. I love that they do have some cushion to them. The straps are soft. They're not like a rubbery material. So, I know with some sandals, I've had those and they will rub blisters like that. These have been great. I love that they are adjustable for the ankles and down near the toes. So, you can get them just right for your foot and comfort level. Stretchy backs, easy to slip on, and I can spend all day. That's not like a, oh, I'm taking sandals for when we just pop into the park or when we go to dinner. No, I'm talking about I'm wearing those from early entry until fireworks all day long. No, like switching out shoes or anything like that. They are seriously that comfortable to me. And to quickly run down, these are hubby shoes. He has a black pair. He really likes the flatter ones, not the um kind of a cushy ones. So, he has a kind of creamy pair and then the black pair. For my girls, they are wearing the same shoes. The tennis shoes are a different color. The sandals are a different color, but essentially the same thing. So, they are having their tennis shoes. These are very comfy. They're kids tennis shoes. So, you can kind of see they've they've seen some love. But they wore these again on their January trip, full week at Disney, and they were very comfy. They're like, "Mommy, my feet feel great." So, loved these for them. They're very comfy and cushy. Got them some also Reef sandals. These are fantastic. Wash and wear easy. And love, love, love our Reef sandals. These are great. They will wear them for park days as well. Super comfy. And then these are more like play shoes. I will say I don't These are brand new. We've not taken them to Disney, but they are cute, easy shoes that when we're going for half a park day or even just kind of kicking around the resort, that is something that they can throw on and be cute and comfy with their little outfits. But that is what my girlies are wearing for their shoes and Hubs is wearing for his. Oh, I'm halfway through changing and just realized I didn't share what the hubs and kids are wearing. So, for Animal Kingdom, we I have him this shirt. He had picked it out the other day at Walmart. Grabbed that one. I thought the blue with my like the blue in mine. It matches so it kind of does this fun coordinating. I'm all about a good coordinating outfit. So, we've got that. And then the girls are doing the matching dress thing again. And we have these little cheetah print dresses for them to wear for their time at Animal Kingdom. So that is kind of what we're going with. They had picked these out and so they look super cute and we're also really inexpensive. But now I'm going to finish changing. Okay, now for the very first Magic Kingdom outfit. You're going classic Disney with a red and white and black. So, I've got my classic mini ears rocking here. Got the cross body Minnie Mouse face bag, which is so cute. I love this bag. It's actually a really good size bag. Cross body or it does have handles so you can hold it. You could wear it as a shoulder bag. I'm a mom. I I can't do shoulder bags. Okay. my millennial shows and my mom shows way too much for a shoulder bag. It's just not in the cards for me. But love, love, love this set. It is so comfy. Pairs well with the Minnie Mouse outfit. But again, could totally wear this to the beach, to a cruise, to whatever on the daily just so you feel cute and get out of your leggings and your sweatshirt that we have lived in for years now. So, got the sandals going with this one, too. For my giries, I have them in matching Minnie Mouse dresses. Kind of classic Minnie Mouse style. Easy, breezy, comfy. So, they love a good dress. These are super cute for them. And then Hubs is in his white oh boy shirt. Got Mickey Mouse on it. So, super fun and adds a bit of Disney to his outfit. And black shorts that he's going to wear again. Not the same black shorts. We're taking multiple so he'll have a clean pair. I promise. But that's that is his staple is black shorts. So this is the first Magic Kingdom though outfit cuz we've got I think four. So let's keep going. All right. All right. I'm making a shoulder bag exception for my girl Daisy cuz she's my girl. Like that's she's my my favorite of the Fab Five. Is she part of the Fab Five? Sensational six. It's probably the sensational six. I don't think she's in the fab five. Or is it the sensational seven? Whatever it is, Daisy's my girl. Love her so much. But I've got my character ears on. Got a glitter bow with it. And this athletic dress is the athletic dress of all athletic dresses. I love it. Built-in bra. Don't even have to pack one. Comfortable, uncomfortable, it is very comfortable. You don't have to worry about bringing your own. Also love has shorts with pockets. Icing on the cake. They are separate. Separate, guys. When you're going to the bathroom, you're not having to do the one piece swimsuit situation. This is fantastic if you want an athletic dress. Seriously, the ones with separate shorts are the way to go. Got the tennis shoes on. I'm taking three sets of shoes. So, we're just kind of rotating between those same three for all week long. But this is this is part number two of the Magic Kingdom outfit. Again, with the shoulder bag, I can hang it off the stroller while we're walking around. So, yeah. But I'm just I'm making an exception for her. Okay, she's cute. But now for my girly pops. For this one, they are going to be wearing these cutie little dresses, little princess outfit here, little princess tutu dress for my Bella girl. And then for Lucy, we have the Stitch dress, Stitches at Magic Kingdom. So, that is who she will be rocking. Um, with that, she also is going to take her headband that we picked up. I will try to link as much as I can down below. And then this is from Disney. So, it's one of the little magnetic shoulder plushes. So, she's taking that back. She can wear that on her shoulder. She's got Stitch on her head. So, she's ready. She is going to be stitched out for her little outfit. And then my younger daughter has asked to take her mini ears. So, she'll be wearing her purple mini ears with her purple princess dress. So, that's going to be her little outfit there. But, we have another Magic Kingdom outfit. I think we have two more Magic Kingdom outfits. So, let's keep going. So, we're kind of repeating here with this outfit. It is one when you want all of the stretchy comfort. This is it. Short bike shorts. It's got the oversized t-shirt. It is so incredibly comfortable, you guys. To the point. I have it also in this blue color. And yes, I'm packing it as well. And then I have the sage green one hanging in my closet. It is so so comfy. But kind of outfit repeating here with the ears and with the daisy bag. Wearing the sandals with this one. Going a little cooler for the girlies. I have Bella. We're kind of going with like a purple theme here. she has on is going to have her striped little Marie dress here for Magic Kingdom. And then we have Lucy is going to be in the stitch dress. It's a t-shirt dress. It's got Angel and Stitch on it. Super cute. And then to go with her kind of tropical theme, hubby is wearing his blue leafy shirt for the tropical vibes to match sister. So that is kind of what we're going in with. And it was again $5. I got it on clearance at the end of summer last year. $5, you guys. Can't beat it. But got those things. Super cute. But yeah, we're kind of outfit repeating just a little bit with the bag in the ears, but it's okay. You're never going to see those people again. All right, trying to kind of run through these cuz I'm slowly losing daylight. But another outfit that I am taking. It's just kind of a generic vacation outfit. I think I am going to wear this to Magic Kingdom or maybe it was Epcot. But either way, we've got the Mickey ear sun hat to keep the sun out of our face. Striped shirt, the purse that other than when I am wearing the mini bag or the daisy bag, this is the bag. So, this is the one it's going to be like. Got my shorts. These are so incredibly comfortable. And then I don't know what shoes I'm going to wear, but one of those same three that we have been wearing throughout this entire video. So, love this one. Again, it is comfortable. It is cute. It is put together. And I really like I really like this outfit and it is comfy. So, there you go. I think that's part of mom outfits at Disney is you also want to be comfortable. And that is going to round out part number two of this prep and pack with me outfits and accessories. Kind of sharing some of the fun Disney magic that we are packing for our spring Disney trip. Hope you guys enjoyed the video. If you did, don't forget, click that thumbs up button and red subscribe button if you are new. Would absolutely love to have you. And we will see you right back here in the next one. Oh, into the video club. You've got to let me know when is your favorite season weatherwise to travel to Disney World. My favorite month weather-wise is like March, April. Probably April. Like April is perfection. I feel like it is literal perfection. But you'll have to let me know. I'm curious to know yours because it is so fun. Like it's just Yeah. When the weather's great, Disney is great, it's all great. I love it. Have to let me know. But I'll see you in the next one.
