---
video_id: FqdiAhwjYtQ
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "MOM & DADS Disney World Trip | Epcot + Saratoga Springs"
published: 2026-01-27
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FqdiAhwjYtQ
---
Hey, hey, hey. Feel like I'm immediately going to have to take this jacket off. I don't even know if there's a point in me taking it, but I just really want my jacket. by 5141. >> You look wonderful. >> 5141. >> You're a great room. >> Literally just talked for 3 minutes about the resort and how much we love it and the pros and the cons and all the things. And my mic wasn't on, so you can't hear anything. It's just me. That's what it sounds like. Needless to say, we were in the paddic section. We were in one of the paddic buildings closer to carousel. This is me pointing it out with no audio. So yeah, there was the paddic or the carousel bus stop. >> It was very close. >> There was the carousel bus stop. So, we were very conveniently located to that, which was nice. It is about a 8 minute walk to the main building. Not terrible. I just I love the slow pace here. I love that you can kind of have like that bougie feel, but you can be a little bit less expensive, too. I love being close to Disney Springs cuz obviously since we've stayed here, we've walked there three times. So, that's been fun. >> We don't mind walking. And it's a half a mile walk basically. >> It is >> from where we were staying. >> Literally to Disney Springs. Like I don't feel like that's terrible. >> No. >> Like the amount of walking we did on our honeymoon when we first came. Oh my goodness. >> So much. >> We were like, "Let's just walk. Let's just walk." Cuz I don't know. We're the kind of people we would like to keep moving. I don't want to just stand around and wait. >> Mhm. >> It's like if it's the same time, it's like let's just let's just walk. We can just move. Yeah. If it's walk and make it there at the same time as sitting and waiting, we're walking and making it. >> Yeah. Yeah. That's kind of kind of the feel that we're almost to the bell services so we can drop her back. So come on up. Good morning. Welcome to your right side. Well, that one's pretty. Look at that. It's kind of like a sketch but kind of not. >> It is pretty. >> I love all the flowers cuz we got both of them a piece of art. >> Yeah, they both got a piece of art. Lucy's will come in like 3 weeks. >> Yeah, Bella got the ears. So they're even on gifts. >> Yeah. >> Passolder flex shirt. >> Oh, look at the mug. That one's cute. >> Oh, that's pretty cool. >> I like that it's in the gold. Oh, and they got the tote bag. Dang, the lug bag. >> Flex, baby. Flex. What they got over here? >> Nothing says I spent money so I could spend money. What are the little lunchbox looking things for? >> That's the price for the scavenger. >> Oh, those are cute. >> Celebrating something. >> Oh, my birthday. >> Oh, happy birthday. >> Thank you. >> Oh, thank you. >> Lay down. Sit down. >> Forgot I had my coffee sleeve. >> Oh, nice. No, I do. All right. So, we made it to Germany. This is on >> That's Psburg. I used to live there. You're ridiculous. Okay, speaking of Vertzburg, which I'm probably butchering, um, but speaking of Germany in general, we have an opportunity to maybe go on an adult only trip with people to Germany next year. It's not booked yet, but it's it is a possibility. So, we need to know what are your suggestions if you've been there, if you've lived there, if you're from there. Like, what should we do? What should we see if we go? because I'm every time I look up things I'm like the list keeps getting longer and longer of all the stuff that we would like to do. We keep talking about it with our friends that would be going to and it's just like insane. So any suggestions would be greatly appreciated cuz there's a lot. Obviously I want to go see I'm like my one and only like request is to go to the castle that they fashioned Cinderella's castle after. cannot think of the name of it off the top of my head. Has a really long name. Starts with an N. >> Swanson Castle. >> I think that's it. Yes, we've been looking at we've been looking up so much. Um, it all starting to run together. But if you have any suggestions, please let us know in the comments. Would love to hear them. >> Isn't this pretty? >> Yes. >> Like >> it's gorgeous. >> It's only pretty and not busy in the morning like this. I think it's great. All right, my charger is dead cuz I forgot to charge my charger and my phone only has like so much. >> I got you. I got you. I'll trade you. >> I'm off my game. >> I forgot to charge this charger, too. >> Great. Well, at least mine plugs in. So, if we sit somewhere for very long and there's an outlet nearby, we can plug it in. >> First bite. >> Oh, thank you. Remember the first time I made that mistake >> when I ate three4s of the donut? >> Yeah. I got like two bites. >> You're like, I don't want the donut, but it matches my my Daisy outfits. Let's take some pictures. >> Back in the day when we were trying to do it for the grim. >> Yeah, we were trying to be influencers. Didn't work out. >> That just is funny. We changed from trying to be influencers to trying to be ourselves and then it worked. >> True. >> The boat looks like it's moving so fast. >> It does. >> I was like, "Let's get it." Ramming speed. >> He just barely dodged. >> He was like, "And >> he does that a lot." >> Yeah. If you are coming to Epcot and you want to see it in its natural beauty and you're not like worried about running around and doing rides or you've come and you've done all that before and you're like, I just want to be relaxing, literally just walk around World Showcase, grab a cup of coffee and just stroll through the countries. They're so beautiful when they're empty. It is incredible. It's like this is my favorite time to come to Epcot. It just like I do not like the crowds and stuff at night. I can handle crowds in other parks, but something about it here just I I don't like it. I'm like, yeah, I could skip Epcot. >> I just realized when it's it's like the it's like what if Epcot were a donut and people were sprinkles? There's just too many sprinkles on a donut. >> Y >> feeling a little crowded here. >> It's it's a little little crowded. Um, >> got nuts on a brain. >> Definitely. But if you have not, it is a lovely thing to do. It's also a great place to walk around and take pictures and we've used like our timers and done all that kind of stuff and did photos and that was really fun. I like it. >> That was one of my favorite. I know I say that like every time we talk about this, but that was just fun. >> That was a lot of fun. But that was this was one of my things that I wanted to do is like just walk around in the morning. I'm like, I want to go and I want to be there early, but this is the thing that I love about it. It's not necessarily going and jumping on the rides. Like, we have ride heavy kids, so that's usually what we're doing. But just sitting here and relaxing and like I'm watching the Montreal go by and it's just beautiful. And I love enjoying just looking and getting to take in the beauty cuz it's gorgeous. Like, it's absolutely gorgeous. and the amuseos. >> If you were a Veggie Tales kid, you'll get the reference. If you weren't, they'll be like, >> "You're missing out. >> Snacks have been acquired." >> Oh, yes. >> They were required and now they are acquired. Yes, we've we've checked both boxes. >> The snacks have been quiet. Both re and uh it's a dragon. Is this tractor door the burninator? It might be. Oh, that's a new train. I remember seeing that train. Whoa. I used to live there. That's silly. Yes. Yes, we have. Is this a butterscotch cookie cold brew in America? And it's also not made with the base of Shake and Jamaican. It's made with the base of a cold brew. Am I really excited about it? Yes. Yes, I am. We had the one at kind of the entrance into World Showcase, one of the other Joffre booths, and it was like a fudge brownie, which sounded amazing, but it was made with the base of Shaken Jamaican. I don't like shaking Jamaican. I think I'm like the only person on the planet that doesn't like it, but you can really taste the base. And even Dean, he's like, I don't like this at all. Um, and he loves strawberries for sure. And I'm like, I don't like that one up. No. Nope. More for everyone else, I guess. >> Scotch water for your friends. What a scotch. >> Vanilla. >> All right, here we go. First try. Do trace. >> How is it? >> Oh, I like that one. >> Is that one better? >> Yeah, that one is better. I'm sorry. I can't even drink right now. Okay, let's try this again. Take two. >> Oh, that is good. >> That's a lot better. I like that one. >> You can definitely taste the butterscotch. >> Yeah. >> It's a little more >> scotch. >> It's a little more butterscotch than cookie butter. And that like as far as comparing that one to the cookie butter butterscotch that they have at Gideon's, I like that one better. But this one is >> Oh, you do like cookie butter butterscotch at Gideon. That's what the drink is. I got you. >> Exactly. And so that one, it is a butterscotch, but it's a little >> It's a little different than this. >> Yeah. >> Blend is. >> We like the Gideon's one. >> We may have to get one of those though. It'll be coffee numbers. >> Oh, yeah. At least. >> Oh, it's coffee day apparently. You can get a free $1 National Coffee Day. >> Yeah, National Coffee Day. Let's go. We going to get some coffee. I don't need blood or water. All I need is coffee. >> We have drank water today. Thank you very much. I promise. We're not just completely overly gas. >> I run on caffeine. I'm going to drink all my water and my stuff tomorrow. >> Oh, let's go to the Art of Disney. >> Yes. >> Art of Disney. >> And we don't have to tell anybody not to touch anything. But it's so pretty. I want to touch it. >> Don't touch anything. D >> warning. And I got a D23 pack. >> Wa dragon. >> That's gorgeous. >> I wonder how much that one is, >> cuz that would be so pretty in Lucy's room. >> That's pretty. >> I love the um Anna one. That's cute. >> A lot of guts in this stuff. >> Mhm. >> Kirby, >> is that an umbrella? >> That is an umbrella. >> That is a really umbrella. >> I would carry that around. >> Oh, it's like origami jewelry. >> Oh, that's cool. Those are beautiful. >> Look at the fans. >> I know. >> That's beautiful. >> I love the butterflies. >> No. >> Why does this country smell so good? >> It smells like bread. >> French bread. It >> does. cuz it's just wafting out. >> IKEA and those pets were hitting that time of the morning where they're less house bakery. It is a very very long wait. It's one of those it's timed out. It is 10:38. Everybody's done like doing their rope drop early entry and everybody's like hungry and ready for breakfast. It's busy. It is like zigzagging and all the way to the entrance like of the shop like right when you go in and even like hooks back. I'm like we wanted the chicken sandwich. >> Yeah, we wanted the chicken sandwich. >> The pesto chicken sandwich. >> It's the sandwich that taught us that we like pesto. >> It is. >> I can taste it. I was hungry. I was ready to walk around with it, but I don't want to wait 30 plus minutes for this cuz I know like we just we need to pace ourselves cuz I just want to get out of here before we get busy. >> Yeah, >> I wouldn't mind waiting. >> We also got to go to the next spot and get moving. >> Yes. If we were just hanging out today. >> Yeah, >> I would wait. >> We got a flight to catch, too. >> Yeah. So, we got stuff to do. >> Next time. Next time. >> Next time. >> Oh, I guess I could put my purse down. >> Yeah. France prop. >> Should we look at each other for this one? Thank you so much. >> Have a good one. >> You too. >> Thank you. Oh, I found Remy. He's on that poster. >> All right, time to go meet a Pooh Bear. >> It's Pooh Bear. >> Hi. >> Got red shirts and a hat in the pool here, too. >> Thank you so much. >> Hi. I got your jacket. backing that too. >> We had to come meet Pooh. >> It was the outfit. >> So, it was a requirement. I'm like, I hope he's out. Hopefully, he's not on a honey break. >> Poo is there. We're going to go take a picture with him. >> A little bit of a rumbly in his tummy. >> Okay. Okay. >> Thank you. >> Thank you, Poo. >> Can't leave without your hugs, too. >> Oh, yeah. >> He gives the best. >> That is true. >> Thank you. >> Those are the warmest hugs. Enjoy your honey break. >> We're making honey popsicles, too. >> Yes, that sounds amazing. Can you make a couple extra? >> We'll leave a couple extra, right? >> Yes. >> Just for them, too. >> We'll say Pooh Bear's got some honey pops for us. >> Yes. >> All right. Bye, Pooh Bear. >> That was cute. >> That is cute. I love that meeting kids. We go color. Can I color, Mom? Say make and you say popcorn. Make >> popcorn. >> Make >> popcorn. Got to have one more for Bella. >> Make popcorn photog. >> I love those glasses. >> I can't take myself seriously at them. >> Are you going to wear this at home? >> Probably not. >> I remember going out wearing one of my Mickey shirts. my button down Mickey shirt. Man, the amount of looks I got going to get pizza. >> Yeah, it was amazing. >> Here it's like completely normal and nobody looks at you strange at all. But like if you if I walked into Target with these glasses on it like Hello. kind of getting a feeling we need to leave. >> Yep. The clouds are starting to roll in. I just want to leave before we get rained on. And >> they just No, you're good. >> It is also 11:00, so >> Oh, we're going to have to roll. >> But I will say Apple says not supposed to rain for two more hours, so we're okay. >> Apple's always wrong. >> Always. It's been approximately 2 minutes. It has not been 2 hours. And yeah, it started raining. >> Yeah. >> Oh, I need the umbrella. It's starting to come down. >> Yeah, we got an umbrella. >> Always got to have the umbrella. I need the water bottle. >> I'm leaving the backpack for this. >> Okay, that reminds me. I need to do a what's in our backpack kind of thing. >> All right, ready? Do you feel as stupid as that feels? >> That feels so dumb. >> Content creation. Oh, not the makele popcorn. >> That's life as a content creator is half the time you feel so stupid. feel like, "Hey, I got this great idea for something really dumb looking, >> but it's going to be cute. Maybe >> it is going to be cute." I'm excited about it. >> Hey, well, we we came here when the Montreal went around. We're leaving when the Montreal goes around. So, >> I'm going to grab a backpack. I'm going to go grab the shot. Oh, I know. >> Oh, no. You're good. You're fine. Thank you. >> Success. >> Success. >> Maybe they see it. >> Maybe. >> Maybe they're like, "Oh, they're obviously going to French." >> Nope. Think you just raised the bus. Maybe if we start running. Bonjour. >> No. >> Oh, I thought he got us. >> No, he's pulling in. He's >> Yes. Thank you so much. >> Thank you so much. Don't worry. >> He's awesome. >> I was like, MAYBE WE SHOULD RUN, BUT I KNOW WE'RE NOT SUPPOSED to run. >> No way. >> Fortunately, there was an open right there. >> Thank you. flywise backwards. I did no >> Oh, yeah. >> Okay. Our bus driver Allan was fantastic. >> So good. >> Like absolute gold. Like he was telling us Disney jokes the whole time. >> For real. Like how does Darth Vader like his toast? Full on the dark side. >> How do Wookies like their cookies? >> Oo. How do they like their cookies? >> Chewy. >> So, we were having fun. It was great. Literally, the bus was almost to pull off and he like there was an open spot at the next bus stop and he pulled back in to get us like so so sweet. So, he 1,000% got a cast compliment. And I mean, we had to come. The bus was there. >> Oh my gosh. The Halloween is get in my belly. It's the best thing about Halloween at Disney right there. You're looking at it. It's delicious time. It's >> so hot. >> Is it? >> Yeah. They're like blazing hot. >> And the verdict? So good. >> I love these. >> They're my favorites. The regulars all year are great. These are next level. >> So good. >> And all so far superior to the >> trash. They sell as a beignet in Magic Kingdom. >> I wasn't going to say it, but I'm glad you did. >> I'm just being honest, you guys. >> I hate to be negative, but we got to be the truth. We got to tell the truth. We're here. >> See you later. Old French corner. >> Mhm. Time to go to Disney Springs. >> Let's go. guys. Thank you. No worries for the rest. >> Thank you. >> All right, World of Disney, you're our last opportunity for us to find anything ham. >> I know. We'll see. These are cute. That is a cool mug. >> Those are cute. $24.99. I have some pretty cute ones right now. >> They've got good ones. Hooray. Can you imagine being like a little kid and coming in this section just being like stuffies everywhere? >> Oh my gosh. Yeah. You all know what time it is. It's cookie time. >> Thank you. Good. How are you? >> And cookies and cream cake. sort of Andy's mint cookies and cream shake. >> Yep. I think it sounds great. Cinnamon roll sounds good. >> And then they've got a regular cookies and cream. >> Those all sound amazing. >> So excited. National Coffee Day, right? >> Yep. So, we're on our third coffee. >> Blanca >> naturally. >> And we got the Gideonss. >> A family that's like always wants us to bring them cookies home cuz they love them too. So, as soon as we get in line, I always take a picture of the menu and text it to our family group D like, "All right, what you want?" We're like, "Cookie dealers. >> What's everybody want? You better answer me fast." >> Yeah. Like, you got 20 minutes. >> Lisa would love to do the little boat call. >> I know that is on our list. We've got to do that. After a delightful rest, sitting on a park bench, enjoying our coffee. >> Yes, that >> was nice. >> We're going to go back to the the main lobby. Huh. >> Relax and enjoy their >> amenities. >> Yeah. >> Well, check this out. >> Figure out what they're doing. >> We got blue skies. We got beautiful. Wait. Nope. Uh, okay. Well, we have blue skies right over here, but that's coming our way. And we're like, let's get back to the to the main building cuz we can always go back and swim after this passes cuz it's not even 2:00 yet. We're not getting picked up till like 5. >> So, >> yeah, like 5 5:45. So, we've got some time. >> Yeah, we have time to relax. So, we're going to do I guess >> that will be fun. I'm excited. Go relax, enjoy our resort. >> Yeah, >> we're on the left. >> Oh, all right. >> Think that's our blue flag. That moved in fast. Here comes the rain. Enjoy your foot. >> Yes, sir. Thank you. Welcome. Watch your stuff. >> Thank you. It's coming. That's why protect the cameras. I mean, I could bring out the umbrella, but it' take longer than just running. >> Yep. >> Big steps. Ain't going fast up these. We made it. >> Come on, Spa. Y'all need to open back up. >> I know. That was >> I don't think I've ever beat you at checkers. Well, you know, we could do it in a little bit. >> All right. >> Uh, I guess I should start by going straight. >> Oh my goodness. >> All right. We got to look both ways, huh? >> All right. Watch out. >> We just started our outdoor cycle workout. That's all we've had today is coffee and donuts basically. >> We did try to get a chicken sandwich, but >> yeah, we got jipped cuz the junk food has short lines. This is so fun. Why is this so much fun? >> I know. I thoroughly enjoyed it when I was on my phone. Whoa. >> Part of it wet. This is dry. I'm still on the dry spot. Oh. There's our fancy rides. >> Oh yeah. Sweet new rides. >> So good. Oh, no bikes on the bridge. >> That's what they told me last time. >> So, they said last time Oh, I feel like there's rain coming. >> Huh? >> Does it look like there's rain coming over there? >> I don't know. >> Like behind us? >> Maybe. >> All right. >> You almost hit a bunny. >> Yeah. >> Jumper. No. >> Yeah, pretty much. I feel like that's the front that already came through, right? Or is that another one? >> I think that's a new one. >> Okay, of course it is. >> All right. I think it's all one way. So, we'll have to make the loop that way. >> Uh, yeah. To the right. This way, right? >> Yeah. >> I would imagine that's the way because of the parking. I would love to stay in one of these. >> I think it would be fun, but it doesn't seem super practical for park time, >> but it seems fun. >> Like, if it would be one of those you kind of cap the trip with it or something. >> Yeah. >> For >> good oldfashioned trip cap for sure. like a night or two here. Do we try to book it on over to Old Key West? >> Yeah, let's do that. >> And hang out and like find a >> even if it's a building to duck in. >> Yeah, let's duck in a building at Old Key West. Wait till the stuff passes. We made it to the old Key West before the storm. Now, storm's only supposed to have like 15 minutes of rain or so. So, we're trusting that my radar is accurate when we get stuck over here. We're on an adventure. >> We are definitely on an adventure. >> Old Key West is more spread out than I would agree. Old QS seems way more spread out than Saratoga at this point. not picking it up great, but it it's raining. >> This just will be another one of those stories like you remember when we rode our bikes all the way to West and it started raining. >> Yeah. I love it. >> Mhm. All right, we are back and ready from our bike ride to take a shower. Oh my goodness, the um bike was so fun. If you were staying here, rent the bike for 90 minutes. It was $25 >> for the both of us. It was like a $4 discount because we are DVC members. Um, we aren't direct members, but they gave us the discount on that one. So, mileage may vary. Um, but that was really cool. That was so fun. All the way to Old Key West. We got to see the tree houses, >> which is fun cuz we never like ridden by them on the boat, >> but we've never actually seen them. >> Yeah, that was fun. >> It's basically the same thing from the water just on the river. It was super cool. >> Yeah, >> I liked it. >> It was fun. I'm like, it makes me want to buy a bike. >> I'm like, man, we set the bikes, we get the girls in there on the bikes, we can go biking. >> We could seriously. >> But we're going to go in the senses in the downstairs. There are restrooms with showers. So, we're going to go clean up and freshen up, grab some dinner, and then we're going to head out cuz our driver is going to pick us up in about an hour 15. >> So, he goes upstairs to the spa and the fitness center, but back here in this little nook are your bathrooms, lockers in here. Obviously, your bathroom. Nobody's in here, so I'm filming, but if anyone's in here, obviously, I would not do that, but don't want to be disrespectful. Got your restrooms. Got a big stack of towels. You have a single shower, but still, that's nice. And I love that it does have the wet dry area. So, you have your dry area here and your wet area, body wash, shampoo, conditioner, all that good stuff. This is awesome. I love that they have this I feel like I have to whisper because we're in the spa, but the spa's closed, but we're in the spa entrance. So, we came up the elevator from downstairs where the bathrooms were. Come up here. If you go to level three, that's where the fitness center is. But here is the entrance and check in to the spa, which is closed. So, there's nothing going on here. So, it's completely empty. So, we're like, we're just going to sit here and chill for a few minutes. Maybe mobile order dinner. This is nice. >> This is very nice. >> I like this. We got to put cookies and bags and all that sort of thing. So, I like it. >> This feels so sacred. Dinner has been served. >> I wonder what we got. >> It is. I got chicken. Oh, yeah. Had to get our bullseye cupcake. That was on the list, too. The birthday list. Got chicken, carrots, green beans. >> Oh, that smells good. >> Mhm. Has a sliced brisket candy. >> Oh, brisket sand. >> Let me try one of the potatoes. Well, only if I can chew on your potatoes. >> Absolutely. That's carrots. >> One of your carrots. There's not a potato. >> Nope. None of those are potatoes. It's all carrots and they're multicolored carrots. >> What's up? >> That's carrot. >> That's crazy color carrot I ever seen in my life. >> Got the shoe. Whoa. We have smashed dinner and I don't know if you guys can hear it. >> It's raining. >> It is raining and it is Stop tapping D. You can be one of those kind of influencers. That is not me. Um, but I don't get the tapping. Um, okay. But it is the most relaxing sound. Rain. You can see it like running at the windows up top just hitting the roof and it it's just so calming and peaceful. But we're gonna eat our bullseye cupcake. This is chocolate and peanut butter. So if you are a chocolate peanut butter fan and you are staying here, I believe this is the only resort you can get it at. But if you're at Saratoga, do yourself a favor and get this cupcake. It is yummy. Disney cupcakes aren't usually the best, but this one is good. >> If Bella was here, she would rip this thing off and just bite it. >> Yeah. I would have been gone already. >> She'd be like, "This mine." >> Yep. Any of the little fondant pieces are immediately gone. >> Oh, she loves them. >> And then the little chocolate pearls are so good. >> I like those. >> Okay. Also, while we're talking about desserts here, um I'm curious if any of you guys that have been like coming to Disney for a while remember these. >> Talk about the chocolate cakes. >> Oh, yeah. So there were these when we first started coming 2012 up until I don't know 17 18 or so. They had these little chocolate cakes in a cup and it was like a chocolate cake. Do you remember >> there was there was >> there was icing >> sprinkles on it. >> I know it had Mickey sprinkles on it >> and there was a little bit of chocolate icing. I think. Yeah, there was it was like a dollop of chocolate icing in the middle. Yes. And then it had the Mickey sprinkles on it and not the crunchy kind. It was the soft kind of sprinkles. >> I don't know what those specific sprinkles are called, but they were delicious. And that was one of our favorite. Like it was not a fancy dessert, but it just like if I could eat one of those right now, it would just unlock so many memories. >> I vividly remember coming here and getting those. We would be so excited like that. We would come in, get a refillable mug. >> Yep. >> And then we would get our chocolate cake. >> We drink a whole life worth of >> Yeah. That's why I don't like getting the refillable mugs cuz it it enables me to drink way too much soda and not enough water and then I feel like garbage. And so if I can do it where it's like, okay, it's with a kids meal or if it's comes with a meal or something, then I can like throttle myself back a little bit. Um, but okay, you guys are going to have to let me know on the inside. >> Yeah, it's part of what makes it so delicious. But you have to let me know. Is there a dessert gone by that is no longer at Disney that you're like, man, that was like nostalgic flavors of Disney to me. I'm curious. You guys will have to let me know cuz I know everybody has that like thing that like unlocks that that memory. And for us >> Oh, yeah. 100%. >> We would get it with every single thing cuz they sold it. They had it like everywhere. >> Yes. Well, and we were usually we would do the free dining plan and the dessert came with it. >> But then you'd be full and so you get it to go and that was like the best thing to go. >> It was It was the best to go dessert. It was so good. So cozy. >> I know. We came up the elevator and we're like, "It's so nice in here." >> Isn't that it? It's been closed since before co, but my husband and I went here when it was an open spa. >> Us, too. I wish they would bring the spa back. >> It was so good. >> Let me ask, how many years ago did you guys come as a baby spa? Obviously, pre20. >> Um, we It was 2012. >> 2012 >> cuz we honeymooned here and so that was when we >> You were 2014. Yeah. >> Oh, that's awesome. You haven't been since 2012. >> No. >> Let me tell you what happened. Anyways, I was enjoying your soul. >> Thank you. >> See you around. >> See you. >> I'm glad we're not the only one that love the spa. >> Mhm. We like the spa. She likes the spa. >> I know. That was awesome. I love meeting Disney people. This is so cool. >> Okay, so I've heard of Debbie Downers. That was hilarious. She said, "I don't mean to be a Disney downer. That was cute. >> That was super cute. Love it. >> Being Disney down are the reason they didn't bring it back. >> Yeah, that's what I assumed is that it wasn't profitable, which is why they've not reopened it. Cuz anything that's profitable, Disney's going to open it. >> Mhm. >> Okay. >> We just do that at the same time. >> I think we're NPCs. I don't think we really exist. I think she was the main character. >> Was that what it was? >> No, we were just just eating desserts so that she could have someone to talk to. >> Pretty much. Yeah. See the rainbow? >> That's so bright. Oh my goodness. Heat. Heat. I look like a delicious snack. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Please move forward to the next door. Customers arrive at Southwest Airlines flight 1444 Orlando. Your mass kill.
