---
video_id: BuQZXRjUz-c
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "SPLIT STAY | Staying Off Property AND On Property at Disney World"
published: 2026-02-16
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BuQZXRjUz-c
---
Good morning you guys and welcome to day number three of our Disney winter trip. We are here at the Drury and getting ready to switch. So we're doing a little bit of a split stay. We're going from off property to on property. So let's go through the day as the adventure. We popped upstairs to the breakfast that they had just wrapped up at 9:30. So we were able to have some yummy breakfast, get our happy bellies. Now we're back in the room to get all packed up, finish out our content that we need to film here, and then transfer over to Art of Animation. So, through this video, I'm going to be sharing some tips, tricks, and hacks of how to survive a split stay. Now, just the thought of it breaks you out into an ulcer. Maybe just you're clear of it. But if you are thinking about it, we've got some ways to make it a little bit smoother. So, let's jump into the day. If you are ordering groceries to your resort room, you're going to want some sort of bag to transition them in because unless you left room in your suitcase, there's no room for them in the suitcase. So, for this, I've brought this little tote bag. It is small. We don't have a ton of grocery items. So, I'm just going to pop these down in here. I am going to get rid of the containers cuz that's going to take up a lot of space. So, we're just going to drop the loose muffins into the tote bag here and that is going to save all this space in the box. We have some fruit snacks. Again, I'm just going to dump them in there and break down the boxes for them to toss here at the resort. And this is going to make this a lot easier. Throwing in our little squeeze peanut butter. our loaf bread on the top and we bought coffee creamer. Kind of had a situation if you haven't seen the Travel Alet review or the review video. Needless to say, Drew Groceries are a little bit different than on property groceries. So, just something to note. And then got some bananas. We ended up not touching these because they had bananas at the buffet. So, we ended up grabbing and eating bananas there. So, I've got these. we can finish them out because we won't be getting free bananas at a Disney resort that there's nothing really free about a Disney resort. So, we've got this that has me packed up basically for all the snacks. Got my little pouch here that has all of our Ziploc bags. Bring a pack of Ziploc bags or order some with your groceries. It is really helpful to have. They're helpful for snacks, little things that you may need to put in there. You can put cereal in there. You can put fruit in there. We had some strawberries at the very beginning of our trip, so we would make little fruit bags and have those in our cooler. So, bring those if you're working on your packing list. It's a random little silly little thing, but they're so helpful to have random thing that I Amazon primed and I will be packing this. And I packed one before, but ours ended up getting broken, so I needed a new one. So, I'm like, we'll just order it. So, I Amazon Prime here. But that is a small diffuser. This is a 100ml, and it is so nice for being able to add some moisture, especially if you're coming during the winter time and you're having to use the heat. A lot of times when you turn the heat on in Florida hotels, it smells like you turn the heat on for the first time cuz you may be the first person to turn the heat on for the first time. It doesn't get turned on very often. So, it kind of has that smell. If you've ever smelt it in your home, usually the first time it just kind of it's like burning the dust or I I don't know what it does. I'm not an AC person, but this is very helpful for kind of helping to moisturize your nose. Keeps it nice and healthy. We're doing all the things to try to stay healthy on this winter trip here. Another thing you're going to want to have room for is your dirty clothes. So, at our next hotel, we have easier access to washer and dryer, and I'm planning on washing these today, but we got to get them there. So, you could either take them in the laundry basket, which we could totally do, throw them in the car and go that way, but feel like it's going to be easier to have them in the suitcase instead. Right. This one is going in our fully empty suitcase. So, we did travel with an extra one or I would have if we weren't doing this, I would have brought a extra tote bag like a large shopping bag, IKEA bag, something like that to throw all of these into. Or again, we could have used this. But just something to keep in mind is you're going to have to transfer all that stuff. So, it's got to go back into it. And like these clothes aren't clean, so they're not going to be meticulously folded and all pretty and back in the suitcase. So, we kind of have to be able to do that shuffle. So, it's the little things that you can if you can think ahead and know, okay, these are going to be extra things beyond what we kind of came into the room with or it's going to look a little different than when I came in the room, that is going to help you be most prepared for your resort switch day. And something else I'm going to tell you in a second. Honestly, I probably should have just put them all in here and then I could have had the laundry stuff in here and we could have went straight to the laundry with it. It's true. I mean, hell, switch them out over. Would you? Yeah. Oh, okay. All right. You do that and I'll grab the laundry stuff. Then one laundry sheet for that side. Laundry sheet for that side. Now when we get there, I'm ready to just go and throw these into the washers and we're good to go. All right, this one's done. Take this. Time for the final sweep. All right. No, that stays here. Why can't we take it? We don't need it. I'll put it on your bed. Okay, review has been filmed. Just need to go downstairs and film the tour. And we are wrapped up here at the dreary. Goodbye. 1529 hotel. Now, if you do not want your split stay to be stressful, do not plan a lot on that day. At least in the morning. Enjoy your evening. Do something. Make a dinner reservation. Do what you want to do. Make it fun. But this should not, I repeat, should not coincide with a park day, especially not a full park day. That is going to make everything stressful and it's going to make it difficult. It's going to make you have a lot to juggle and move and do and you're going to feel in such a rush like why can't we just get to the park and you're going to have your chili healer moment and it's going to be I guess we just won't go. Don't do that to yourself. If you can tactically plan it of this is your resort day. Enjoy your first resort. Enjoy your second resort. Enjoy your second resort. That is the way you do a split day. You do not pair that with a park day. Okay. It's going to be this one. Wait. See if there's anyone. Okay. This going to wrap up our time here at Drury. We just finished filming a walking resort tour. So, it's going to be a resort tour, review, room tour, all in one. So, if you have any questions about the jewelry, we probably answered it over there. So, go and I will have that one linked. It went up, I believe, before this video goes live. So, if you want to check out that resort, you can head over and do that. I'll have it linked down below. But, we're getting ready. Going to order an Uber car seat. Um, we're getting from one place to another. Since we can't order minivans at off-propy hotels, even though we are literally less than a mile to Disney Springs, you are not able to do that anymore. Used to pre- pandemic, you could, but now that is just not part of the service that they brought back. So, we're going to order an Uber car seat. It comes with one car seat, so we'll have that for Bella. And then we brought an inflatable booster seat for Lucy. But that's how we're going to do that cuz we need it's a one-way trip. We just got to get there. So, we're going and heading over to Art of Animation. So, let's get that Uber ordered so we can go and check out our next resort. All right, so update on the car. Usually, you can do an Uber and you just like order it. The Uber car seats are 2 hours from now. It's the soonest one we could get. So, okay, we're going to discuss amongst ourselves, get a plan together. I'll update you in a second. update. Out of all of the options and ideas we came up with, I'm going to take Bella in the booster. She's fits height whatever requirements for the booster. She checks the boxes. So, she and I are going to take the luggage and take the Uber to Art of Animation. Dean and Lucy are going to walk down to Disney Springs and then take the bus to the resort from there. That is the workound. We are at the mercy of Uber car seat. They don't have any rides for 2 hours. I don't really want to sit here for 2 hours like to be at a resort before then. And that's just kind of what you're dealing with if we we could all ride together. Had I brought an additional one of these booster seats and that is where I would have I wish I would have knowing that an Uber was a possibility for our family. I should have brought two of these. So our mistake is your knowledge. So there you go. You're learning the lessons along with us. That is just kind of part of it when you are using transportation here at Disney World and basing it on all this. Bye. We are on mini side. We are all checked in. Miss Julie, who is hosting our stay, which I've got to tell you a little bit more about her. She has been just absolutely incredible, you guys. Working with her. I love it. But we are got our treats that she sent us. We're all checked in and Bella and I are headed to our room. You ready to go check it out? Yeah. Let's go. We still have to go through security to get into Disney Springs. So, we're going down this back way. Going to hang a left. same entrance that you would use when you're leaving from Saratoga. Heat. Heat. Snackaroonies acquired. Yum. You don't have any ideas? Yeah. So, we're actually in the next section. Um, my hands are kind of full, ma'am. I'm sorry. Are we this side or this side? We're in neither side. We're in the next section. Yeah. Daddy had to take the stroll. Do you see the section? No. That we're in yet? Hello, squirrel. Do you see what section we're staying in? No. No, you don't see it yet. Side. Yeah. Oh, what is this sign? It is the Ariel. Are you excited? Yeah. You've been wanting to stay here, haven't you? We got the Prince Eric statue. We're in the King Triton building. We're almost there. Cool. Is this super cool? Wow. What's this? Yeah. All right, go turn You go ahead and turn on all the lights. Oo, a Ariel one. Whoa. You get to Hey, open the shower and you can see you get to shave or shave shower in her curtain or in her uh cavern with all of her who's its and what's its look? Soap. Hidden soap. Hidden soap. All right, let's put it back. Hey, put it back. We don't need it just yet. Okay. Okay. All right. You want to go around and turn on the lights on for me? Wow. Look. Yeah. Oo, look. We never had this. It's an iron. We have those in every hotel room, silly. Three first impressions of Disney's Art of Animation in the Little Mermaid rooms specifically. I forget how magical these rooms are for your kids. We've not stayed here. Um, it's been 4 years. We stayed here in 2022, October 2022. And yeah, it she's like loving it. picking out like what side of the bed she wants to sleep on cuz like the aerial tail's there and like this whole thing and she's just walking around just ooing and aawing everything in the room and it's it is magical. I have thoughts talk about it in the review but this is awesome. But our bags are here. Disney vacation planning is a lot to say the least. There are so many decisions and so many choices to make along the way that you need the right person along with you on the journey. And I don't mean your family. This is not a do I take my family or do I just leave them at home and make it easier on myself. No, you're taking the family, but I'm talking about your travel planner. And this is where Julie from Dream Along with Julie comes in. She was absolutely incredible on this trip from both planning our off-propy portion of our vacation to our on property. She was there every step of the way sending me all the details, all the info. And it was absolutely amazing having her in my corner and all of her knowledge of Disney because she loves Disney. She breathes Disney. She goes to Disney. She takes her family to Disney. She takes her little girl to Disney. And so I wanted someone and a travel planner that goes and walks and breathes it and loves Disney. That is the kind of person that you want because they're going to help you love Disney because poor planning can make you walk out of your vacation hating it. And so knowing someone and having someone in your corner that loves it is the best. I'm going to have and have her have her QR code here up on the screen. Scan it. Get your countdown going with Julie and you will seriously not regret it because she is amazing. Hi Barb Harper. Um, we just got checked in here at Disney's Art of Animation and I was wanting to see if I could have a couple of the um, bumpers, the bed bumpers brought out. Um, we are in 9639. Three of those, two extra blankets, and then um, is it possible to request a second wave? Okay. No, that is all. Thank you so much. Thanks. You too. Bye. Done already. You're done already. Done already. You having them on there? Excuse me. Step on your tiny toes. I'm going to mine again. Yeah, you did it. Let's do this. Hey. All right, we made it. And now let's go find our room. All right, hang a left. Building 9639. Here we come. Our building's way over there. So, instead of going in to the resort and walking in that way, we're going around the outside, which is going to be a lot faster. Look, it's somebody his dad. I see mommy. There she is. All right. Turn left. This way. Yep. I want to press it. I want to press it. I want to press it. I want to press it. I pressed it. I want to press it. I want to press it. I want to press it. I want to press it. I want to press it. I pressed it. Uhoh. What am I going to do? What am I going to do? Barely. I made it. Hi. Hi. Did you guys have fun? We did actually. Good. I'm glad. Kind of ready for a nap, but we also have coffee, so I'm like, woo, rally. These are so creepy. I'll lift and push. Ready? Okay. I think that should work. Good. Nap has been had. Content has been filmed. Got the room tour done. Now I'm going to go meet up with Dean and the girls. They have went to start our laundry that is much needed. About few We're 3 days into the trip and we need it done now. All right. So that's our room. We're we're in King Triton over there. Walk across the pool. And this little spot right here is where we did laundry. So very convenient. I think I know those people. Three steps forward. Slide to the right. Perfect. All right, everybody. You can do hands up. Cheese. All right, big cheese. Ready? One, two, three. Cheese. All right. Okay. Hands down. Smiling cheese. Awesome. And who wants to do a silly face? Me. Perfect. That was good. Those are good. That one's good. A picture. I don't know if the nap helped or made me sleepier, but you can go play. Just stay at the playground. Note to self when purchasing dryers and stuff like that, just use Apple Pay. It's a lot faster. Secondly, double check that the dryer or washer that you're putting your stuff into is actually open because for some reason, yeah, both seven and eight, they're they're clear, but it's saying no, they're not. So, can't use them. Had to move over. Is what it is. Anyways, let's go catch up with the family. All right, so the girls should be at the playground, the Nemo playground. They've been wanting to play at the playground all day. So, that's where they should be. Hopefully, they are cuz that's where I'm going to find them. And then maybe we'll go eat some dinner cuz I'm hungry. I think all I've had today is coffee and breakfast. And it's like 6:00. Playtime has been done. And it's time to eat. I'm hungry. Same. Let's go get some dinner. Thank you. Thank you. Our favorite part. Heavy. Oh, my feet are heavy. Yeah, but I'm so strong. It doesn't matter. You're going to heavy the camera. Heavy. Heavy. Dad. All right, I'm coming. I get the horse. Sir Galahop took your horse. What's your horse's name? Horsey horse. Horsey horse. And Sir Galahhop. All right. Cross the white ball. Are you ready to go? There's hotel. Mhm. What are you doing? A funny dance. That is definitely a funny dance. That's that funny. Are you thinking goose? Everyone think? Yeah. Do it, guys. Do it. Think. Are we waddling? I can. It is 8:21. Food has been ate. Bellies have been full. Play has been played. Running has been run. Jump has been jumped. Games have been gamed. That was a good time. That was a good time. And I'm full. Oh, nice. It was very nice. About to go island hopping at Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort. I was walking like shouldn't walk. Thank you. Thank you. Go, go, go, go. We got to get this out. Well, I'll see you in a little bit. Um, it's dryer 9, I think. I Yes, you text me. Thank you. Cool. So, dryer 9. I'm going to go get the Bell Services stuff. Sounds good. See you at the hotel. All right. We had our grocery order delivered and we've got some stuff at Bell Services. Um, so I'm going to go pick that up. This is where there after we came in, there's a coloring stuff inside it. And you color. Yeah, there's a coloring spot. And they gave us a coloring envelope. So envelope with cards to color. Yeah. Even there was a Zootopia 2 one. A Zootopia 2 one. Yeah. That's so cool. Even I colored the Pooh Bear one. You colored the Pooh Bear. Do you like Pooh Bear? Yes. Who else likes Pooh Bear? Mama. Yeah. All right. We'll watch it together. Great. All right. Bye. Okay. I hope you have enjoy the video. Hope you enjoy the video, too. Bye. You're a harm. Oh, bye. Bye-bye. Bye. Bye, mama. Bye. All right. So, you got more stickers to add to the collection. The one that has the one that goes by. Oh, the Nemo section. Yeah, that would be cool. It's Belle. Why? How about that? We can do that. It's the elephant boneyard. It's a zoo. Oh, what's a zoo? Oh, look. Who's it? And what's it? Glowing too. Yeah, King Triton's glowing, too. You're right. Boop. I can press help. Only if you hop off in a minute. Oh yeah, Bella's having a good time. Two. I can't do first. A one, a two. What are you counting? Okay. A one, a two, a three, a four, a five, a six. Whoa. Oh, you're not supposed to bring this in. Oh. Oh, okay. It is laundry time. We're playing catchup. Is that part of the trip? It's a nice way to if you are wanting to pack lighter, this definitely makes it a lot easier. And also, I just love going home with clean clothes if I can and not having to do a bunch of laundry once we get back. It just makes unpacking easier. I find that I don't dread it as much when it's like this. And I can literally be home and unpack really easily. I don't know. I just find it really relaxing, too, to do laundry at Disney. That's I'm probably in the minority. I get that. Most people are like, "Nope, it's vacation. I don't want to touch clothes." But I feel like it's just more magical when it's here. So, while this video is coming to a close, we do have day four and five of our Winter at Disney trip coming. Those vlogs will be up on the channel. But now that you've made it to the end of the video, welcome. Hello. End of the video club. Hope you're doing great. Thank you for being here and hanging out this long with me. You'll have to let me know. I need some seashell emojis and your two favorite resorts to do a split stay at, including but not limited to dancing. I like being out here out of the way. It's in public. I don't like being in public and people looking at me. I know.
