---
video_id: 5PXNJqvfUlM
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "2026 Disney Double Stroller Setup and Organization"
published: 2026-02-02
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5PXNJqvfUlM
---
I've been sharing Disney stroller setups and organization for 6 years now, so I know a thing or two cuz well, we've seen a thing or two over the years, and I don't want to gate, so I want to share my information with you. So, today we are setting up the Juvie Cooper RS2. This is a great option for a sidebyside stroller. It is absolutely our favorite, both lightweight and roomy for the kiddos. So, let's dive in to the stroller, its setup, and how we deck it out and get it ready for a day at the Disney parks. So, as I mentioned, this is the Juvie Cooper RS2. So, it's a little bit upgraded version from their Juvie Cooper. Again, this is not sponsored. They did gift me this stroller four years ago, but seriously, I really wanted it in anyway after way too many hours and hours. Like, I could have had a college degree in this thing by the time I did the research on it. So, this was the ultimate stroller as far as side by side. We've looked at up a baby. We've looked at Zoey. We looked at a lot of different ones that are heavy hitters. And this just checked so many more of the boxes, at least for our family, with it being the RS2 model. The seatback is higher. The wheels are upgraded and better. And it has a great push even with two almost 50 lb children in it at the same time, which is absolutely fantastic. I love that you can use it without the cup holder attachment, or you can do the snack tray cup holder attachment and put it right back on. and it actually comes with it. So, you're not paying extra for all that stuff, which is nice. I love that they are separate. So, each person's snack tray is separate. You've not got one gigantic one that they're sharing. So, if you need to move this thing for one kid, the Cheerios go flying for the other. The two separate stroller hoods. This is huge. If you're looking at a sideby-side stroller, this is fantastic cuz sometimes one kid wants it, sometimes the other kid doesn't. So, that gives you options. So, anything that comes in a double, if you can have them separated, that would be my tip as a mom that's been using a stroller like this. Though, I did want to quickly say hi and introduce myself so you know who you're hanging out with for a minute. My name is Ashley and this is my channel, Pixie Dusted Mom. So, if this is the very first video you've ever clicked on, welcome if you're a returning internet fam. Welcome back. So happy to have you, no matter what brought you here. But on this channel, I share tips, tricks, and hacks for helping you plan the best Disney vacation as a family cuz we're into family travel over here. getting out. Disney is a great place to come as a family. And so if that is something that you are interested in, I would love it if you'd click the red subscribe button. Join our little internet fam. Also share vlogs of our adventures along the way to get you excited for your magical adventure. Would love to see you around. But let's jump in to that stroller setup. So, it is January, hence the coat. So, we're going to have a few things that are a little bit different for the winter, but I will also link down below the things that I would have on this stroller if it was here in the summer. A lot of things you'll know what I would leave behind if it is a summer trip. So, starting out with the seats themselves. I love these liners. They are great. They are waterproof on the bottom. So, if they're in and out, they're wet from the splash pad, they're wet from the water park or the pool, whatever, and they need to get in the stroller and ride, you have an accident cuz you got a baby, they got a blowout, you can remove this easily, wash it, and you're not having to take your whole entire stroller seat apart. This is like a universal thing that even if you don't have a stroller like this, it has worked in every single stroller that we've used it in. So, absolutely love, love, love those. Um, with us having a four and six-year-old, we have opted to not have the snack trays. We've kind of got to the phase where we park the stroller, we go in and we eat. We don't really need them to sit in the stroller, but when they were in that toddler phase, that was a non-negotiable for me. Baby toddler phase, you want that snack tray. So, that is another tip for you there. Here on the side, I have one of these on each side. Got a little Mickey side sling here. This is great for bubble wands. We have my daughter's water bottle in here. that we are using. Um, also I'll link these spouts. They're great. If you're getting water bottles or your kids get the water bottle that comes with the kids meal, this is fantastic. Makes it not spill, makes it into a sports bottle. It is awesome. So, we've got that on the side. We do have the stroller tag along handle. So, if they are not in that, so it's either the bum goes in the seat or you hold on to this handle. Unless we are in just like this really low crowded area. If we're here and it's busy and they are like wanting to walk, this is the thing. Like you have you have to hold the handle. That is the non-negotiable for that one. Let me pull out the infamous bag. This has been here since 2020. Often replicated, but this is the original stroller bag. We've been talking about this since 2020, and it has helped so many of you. Like when I meet people in the parks, they're like, "The bag, the bag, like this is the thing." So, the the bag, trust me, you're going to want an extra bag. I love this one. It is mesh, so it works great. Doubles as a good beach bag. If you are going to the water parks, you're in a sandy area, this is perfect. Does have a zipper, so nothing's going to fall out of it. I used to love the grocery bags, but then once I found a bag with a zipper, I'm like, why did I not get this sooner? So, here we are. This is an awesome one. Obviously, this is an optional thing if you're coming in the middle of summer, but it's a stroller blanket. So, it is going to attach to the bar of the stroller. It will attach to car seats, anything like that. And it folds out. It is this minky soft thing. Folds right back into itself, which is perfect. So, I have two of those. One for each of my daughters. I have an umbrella. These are allowed in Disney. A lot of common misconception that they're not allowed. So, if you are an umbrella person, this is fantastic. If you are baby wearing, this is fantastic. So, bring that. And then we also have a wet bag. We are rain coat people instead of um rain like poncho people, that sort of thing. We like this. Everybody has their own flavor. We just like a good rain jacket. It is good. It's repurposable re reusable, repurposable. I don't know if that's a word that you can keep using it, which is great. And so we love our good old rain jacket there. And then in the bottom of the bag, this is a newish addition, but we have gotten a water bag that we toss in here as well. So, this is great if you are going on a water ride and you need to throw some things in there. It starts pouring down, raining, we are vloggers and have all of this camera gear. And so, I need something to protect that. And so, this is a great option for that. And also this bag, if it doesn't have all of this stuff in it, which we kind of had to prepare for a lot this this January, it gave us winter and summer all in the same trip from Saturday to Saturday. But this is great for anything extra that you end up picking up, souvenirs, things like that. So having the bag, whether you use it with things or it's just completely empty is so incredibly helpful. Let's move on back to the back of the stroller. As you can see, we do have the rain cover on it. Please, if you take nothing else away from this video, nothing else at all, please buy yourself a rain cover for your stroller and bring it and use it and carry it in the stroller even when the weather doesn't say it's going to rain for 3 days. It will probably rain that afternoon. We have had that happen multiple times this trip. January is not the quote unquote rainy season, but we get rain. It rains in December, it rains in November. If you get lucky and you don't need it, that's great. It's probably cuz you bought it. But I would buy it rather than come and not have it cuz nobody wants a wet butt. Okay, that's just not cool. And it also is a great way if you are coming in the winter time, this protects them from the wind. It kind of blocks some of that. So as they're sitting in the stroller, you can put it down even on those windy nights at Disney and that will help a ton. On this side, we have the stroller phone attachment. This is great if you need to look at your phone. I use it for taking photos. We use a timer. I have my Apple Watch. I can set the timer. Press the button on my watch and do that. On the side here, we have one of the OXO stroller hooks. These things are fantastic and they do so many things. For us, it is our popcorn bucket holder that we hang that off of. So, it works really, really great. On the back, we have upgraded to two caddies, and I am loving it. We've always just done one, but there are four of us and sometimes we need that. And especially with removing the snack trays from the front for the girls. This has been gamechanging this trip. And so I think I will forever be using two caddies like this, at least on this side by side stroller. So like it is where it's at. Okay. So on the inside of these though, I do have our hand warmer. So if you are coming in the winter time, these are going to be your best friend. I've had so many people say, "I just Amazon primed those in because it's so cold, especially the windchill, you guys. It can be very rough." So, we have those tucked into here. But, I love these cuz they've got all kinds of organization. You've got different zipper pockets you can put things into. You've got a wipe spot. So, we have one side has like a sanitizing wipe and then the other side has just like a regular water wipe, baby wipe over there. You can put tissues in it. You've got um extra cup holders. It even has like a little mirror. Hi. So, you can do that. And off the back, it has these mesh pockets. Again, these are great for bubble wands, anything extra that you might want to throw in there. I've even seen some people use their stroller caddy in place of a diaper bag. So, depending on how minimal to maxim maximalist you are, you could totally do that if you wanted to. It's getting stuck on the Velcro, but these do. They hang down. They've got little zipper pockets on them. So, super great for having extra organization. Now, if it is summertime, I am going to have a fan strapped here for myself. Not because I'm selfish, but just because I'm standing here. I'll tell you about the kids in a minute. So, we put them put one here because you are pushing a heavy stroller around through Disney. It is gamechanging, especially if you are here anytime between May to September specifically. That is like going to be like the most helpful thing. I will link the best stroller fan on the planet down below. Go check it out. It is fantastic. We will do the same. Each one of the kids, one on this side, one on that side. They both get a stroller fan. That is a non-negotiable for us. Those are fantastic, no pun intended, for keeping them cool. It is a misting fan, so you can put some water in there, put ice water in it. It's like AC from heaven, you guys. I swear we survived July, August, and September last year with those things and putting ice water in it. It is the play. It is the play. Now, coming back to the bags because honestly, yeah, you're going to have a park bag, but you don't want to carry those things around on your back. What's the point of bringing a stroller if you're still carrying the backpack? So, here's the thing. We used to do the novice of hanging it with the stroller clips and hanging it off the back. We have gotten smarter since then, you guys. We have lowered the center of gravity. We have put those same o those same stroller hooks here on the side. I've got one on this side. Just make sure that when you're putting it on, you put it in a spot where it can still close cuz you do see that this this is where it bends at. So, it needs to be in a spot where it's not going to inhibit that from bending or you're going to make your husband have a conion fit when it's time to fold it and get it on the stroll or onto the bus. So, that's one thing. You put that there. We've got one tucked in the center there. So, we've got both straps folded over those because we do have two backpacks. We have our park bag and we have our cooler bag. And then on the left side, we have the exact same situation going on. So, this has been so helpful. I'm going to sit down here so I can show you some of the stuff, too. But, it has been amazing. So, here on the right, yes, it has been winter, but it has been so nice having a cooler bag for our drinks. I have got some ice packs in here. They are, let me just show you. They are these guys. So, you can take them, you open up the bottom, you fill it with your ice in the morning, you fold it over, and it's got a little tube. It's in there. It slides on, seals it. No leaking. And then it also has the water spout. So, if you do have like nice filtered ice, you could drink this. If you have unfiltered ice, and you're just like, I'm so thirsty, I don't care. I would drink out of a water hose right now. You can also do that. So, it's up to you. You do you, boo. But we can put ice in there. And it has been amazing for having our drinks. We can keep our body armors, our bottled water, um like things. You can get cans of iced coffee. You can get the little baby Alanis and throw them in there cuz you're a parent at Disney and you need some extra energy. That has been so helpful. And then also this little hook here on the back. I just folded it over and it's got this little kind of carabiner hook there. And that has been great. When it's time to get on the bus, we'll take the popcorn bucket, hook it onto this, and it's great. Okay, and then moving over, we do have the same thing. If you need to hook anything extra to that, that works great. Love this as a park bag. It's a great backpack. It's like a generalized backpack. If you're in that phase where it's like, okay, we don't need like a full-on like diaper bag, diaper bag. This is great. Has the pockets on the side so kids water bottles and things can slide into that. Does have fantastic organization there. So, love it so much for our park days. But this combo has been the stuff. So this and the little tote bag gets it all and you are good. And then the final thing about bags is that if you are bringing a cooler bag, a park bag, whatever, make it a backpack because when you need extra hands for getting the kids, the stroller, all that stuff onto the bus, having your hands free is the way to go. So do yourself a favor, make sure you pick a backpack. Do not bring a tote bag. That is like the cardinal rule of bags at Disney. You don't do the tote bag. But not least are these lights. They would be on the stroller handle, but um they got orange juice dumped all over them. So I just had to keep them for visual of you to see um them. But they are these adorable little Mickey lights. You could do this with fairy lights. You could do this with anything. But I like the Mickey ones. It's on It's on brand for coming to Disney. It just feels so cute. And you can also use them in multiple other ways. But um these are great. When it gets dark, turn them on. You'll be able to find your stroller even when other people can't. If you're looking for a budget friendly option for this, you can also do like I've seen people do glow sticks. Um you can do other little things. I will say this. I feel like the lights, whether it's like a cheap pair of fairy lights from the dollar store or something, tend to last better than obviously cracking a glow stick every single night. Those even can burn out, especially if you are staying really late to the parks. They can actually run out of juice before you're even leaving the park. So, some lights tend to be the better bet. But seriously, put them on the stroller, use them. They are so helpful once you start lighting up your stroller at night and you can find it really easily cuz those stroller parkings get dark. This is going to help you so so much. But that is going to do it for today. No more gatekeeping. You got the knowledge and the lowdown on a Disney stroller setup and organization. So hopefully this has got you one step closer to being prepped for your Disney trip. Also, if you get any of these things or any stroller gear whatsoever, please do yourself a favor. Help me help you. Do yourself a favor, set it up at home and practice. Take it to the park and go for a walk. Try folding it, doing all those things. Have your husband fold it. Knowing that is going to be key because that is going to help you with getting on and off of the Disney buses. That is a critical element is being able to use your stroller and be able to fold it because even here we're at Art of Animation. This is a Skyliner resort, but with a double wide, you still have to fold it to get on the Skyliner. We still had to fold it to get on the buses, things like that. So, just practice that way whenever you're here and you're in the moment and whatever transportation you're dealing with, you are equipped and ready to handle it. But that's going to do it for today's video. Hope you enjoyed it. Don't forget thumbs up button, red subscribe button. Would love to have you in our internet fam and into the video club. You got to let me know what your favorite stroller accessory is that you like. If I had to pick one, it has to be this thing. So, let me know down in the comments. I'll see you in the next one. Love you guys. Bye.
