---
video_id: aUzBF6mgQvg
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "Hello 2026 Q&A! 2026 Disney Travel Plans, Content Creator Life & Feeling Boring"
published: 2026-01-05
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aUzBF6mgQvg
---
Hello you guys. Happy 2026. Hello you guys. Happy 2026. Hello you guys. Happy 2026. How is 2025 over once this video is How is 2025 over once this video is How is 2025 over once this video is live? We've got Today is the 30th as I'm live? We've got Today is the 30th as I'm live? We've got Today is the 30th as I'm filming this. So, we've got a few more filming this. So, we've got a few more filming this. So, we've got a few more days literally of this year and it's days literally of this year and it's days literally of this year and it's going to be a brand new [music] one. I'm going to be a brand new [music] one. I'm going to be a brand new [music] one. I'm like in shock. I feel like 2025 has been like in shock. I feel like 2025 has been like in shock. I feel like 2025 has been an amazing blur for the most part and so an amazing blur for the most part and so an amazing blur for the most part and so it is it's been wild. But I wanted to it is it's been wild. But I wanted to it is it's been wild. But I wanted to kick off the year with a fun little kick off the year with a fun little kick off the year with a fun little chat, catch up Q&amp;A, and just talk about chat, catch up Q&amp;A, and just talk about chat, catch up Q&amp;A, and just talk about what 2026 has in store. A lot of you what 2026 has in store. A lot of you what 2026 has in store. A lot of you were curious about travel plans, so were curious about travel plans, so were curious about travel plans, so we're going to kind of go over that a we're going to kind of go over that a we're going to kind of go over that a little bit. [music] So, with no further little bit. [music] So, with no further little bit. [music] So, with no further ado, let's go ahead and jump into it. I ado, let's go ahead and jump into it. I ado, let's go ahead and jump into it. I have my coffee, so this is your chance have my coffee, so this is your chance have my coffee, so this is your chance to go pause and get yours cuz we're to go pause and get yours cuz we're to go pause and get yours cuz we're going to do some chatting. I'm going to going to do some chatting. I'm going to going to do some chatting. I'm going to pop your questions up here. I put up a pop your questions up here. I put up a pop your questions up here. I put up a question box over on Instagram and I question box over on Instagram and I question box over on Instagram and I always forget to do this on YouTube always forget to do this on YouTube always forget to do this on YouTube until I sit down to film and I'm like, until I sit down to film and I'm like, until I sit down to film and I'm like, well, it's too late to do it now. So, I well, it's too late to do it now. So, I well, it's too late to do it now. So, I apologize to my YouTube only fam. This apologize to my YouTube only fam. This apologize to my YouTube only fam. This question box was over there. I've got to question box was over there. I've got to question box was over there. I've got to That's a goal for 2026 is to get better That's a goal for 2026 is to get better That's a goal for 2026 is to get better about like posting one here over on the about like posting one here over on the about like posting one here over on the community tab or something so that community tab or something so that community tab or something so that people can see that and I can like people can see that and I can like people can see that and I can like actually answer those of you that watch actually answer those of you that watch actually answer those of you that watch here cuz some people I'm like, do you here cuz some people I'm like, do you here cuz some people I'm like, do you even watch the YouTube or you just here even watch the YouTube or you just here even watch the YouTube or you just here for IG? I don't know cuz I have feel for IG? I don't know cuz I have feel for IG? I don't know cuz I have feel like I have like multip I have multiple like I have like multip I have multiple like I have like multip I have multiple internet fam. But before I do that, I'm internet fam. But before I do that, I'm internet fam. But before I do that, I'm feel I feel a little scattered. But I feel I feel a little scattered. But I feel I feel a little scattered. But I did quickly want to before we got too did quickly want to before we got too did quickly want to before we got too far into this video and we got into all far into this video and we got into all far into this video and we got into all the questions, I did just want to say a the questions, I did just want to say a the questions, I did just want to say a huge thank you. Um huge thank you. Um huge thank you. Um I promised myself I wasn't going to cry. I promised myself I wasn't going to cry. I promised myself I wasn't going to cry. You know me. Um but here we are. So I You know me. Um but here we are. So I You know me. Um but here we are. So I just seriously [music] thank you. Um just seriously [music] thank you. Um just seriously [music] thank you. Um I'm we're in our home. We have paid off I'm we're in our home. We have paid off I'm we're in our home. We have paid off a lot of debt. We still have some to go, a lot of debt. We still have some to go, a lot of debt. We still have some to go, but we've but we've but we've we've had amazing trips. I've got to we've had amazing trips. I've got to we've had amazing trips. I've got to work with amazing travel agents and have work with amazing travel agents and have work with amazing travel agents and have people pay for me to go to Disney cuz people pay for me to go to Disney cuz people pay for me to go to Disney cuz they they want to work with me or they they they want to work with me or they they they want to work with me or they want to see me or I've had people gift want to see me or I've had people gift want to see me or I've had people gift me tickets to parties because they me tickets to parties because they me tickets to parties because they wanted to see the vlog. And it's just wanted to see the vlog. And it's just wanted to see the vlog. And it's just Sorry, I swear I wasn't going to do Sorry, I swear I wasn't going to do Sorry, I swear I wasn't going to do this, especially in the beginning of the this, especially in the beginning of the this, especially in the beginning of the video. Some of you are probably like, video. Some of you are probably like, video. Some of you are probably like, "You're crazy." Um, but I just I always "You're crazy." Um, but I just I always "You're crazy." Um, but I just I always want to be authentic with you guys. And want to be authentic with you guys. And want to be authentic with you guys. And this is humbling and it is just I'm so this is humbling and it is just I'm so this is humbling and it is just I'm so grateful. So, sorry. The tears are just grateful. So, sorry. The tears are just grateful. So, sorry. The tears are just I I I've been this way for years. I just I I I've been this way for years. I just I I I've been this way for years. I just when I get overwhelmed, I just I cry. when I get overwhelmed, I just I cry. when I get overwhelmed, I just I cry. So, I'm a crier. Um, So, I'm a crier. Um, So, I'm a crier. Um, but thank you. Thank you for following. but thank you. Thank you for following. but thank you. Thank you for following. Thank you for being along for our Thank you for being along for our Thank you for being along for our journey. Thank you for cheering us on journey. Thank you for cheering us on journey. Thank you for cheering us on and and and just I I swear I say it all the time. I just I I swear I say it all the time. I just I I swear I say it all the time. I have the sweetest internet fam in the have the sweetest internet fam in the have the sweetest internet fam in the world. You guys are just so supportive world. You guys are just so supportive world. You guys are just so supportive and so kind and [music] have my back and and so kind and [music] have my back and and so kind and [music] have my back and I just I I cannot be more thankful for I just I I cannot be more thankful for I just I I cannot be more thankful for you guys. [music] Um cuz the internet is you guys. [music] Um cuz the internet is you guys. [music] Um cuz the internet is not always a nice place and people can not always a nice place and people can not always a nice place and people can be so mean and so ugly to people and be so mean and so ugly to people and be so mean and so ugly to people and it's like I feel bad for those people it's like I feel bad for those people it's like I feel bad for those people that are ugly cuz it's like [music] I I that are ugly cuz it's like [music] I I that are ugly cuz it's like [music] I I pray that you find happiness because a pray that you find happiness because a pray that you find happiness because a lot of times when you're you're sharing lot of times when you're you're sharing lot of times when you're you're sharing hate, it's because you're in a a spot hate, it's because you're in a a spot hate, it's because you're in a a spot that just isn't fulfilling or happy for that just isn't fulfilling or happy for that just isn't fulfilling or happy for you. And so it's like I really I hope you. And so it's like I really I hope you. And so it's like I really I hope that you you find the joy and what you that you you find the joy and what you that you you find the joy and what you need out of life so that you can be need out of life so that you can be need out of life so that you can be happy. Um but all that to say I just I happy. Um but all that to say I just I happy. Um but all that to say I just I seriously you guys are amazing and the seriously you guys are amazing and the seriously you guys are amazing and the fact that I have the sweetest internet fact that I have the sweetest internet fact that I have the sweetest internet fam here. [snorts] I it it means more fam here. [snorts] I it it means more fam here. [snorts] I it it means more than you will ever know. So thank you. than you will ever know. So thank you. than you will ever know. So thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for all Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for all Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for all the the love and the kindness that you the the love and the kindness that you the the love and the kindness that you show our little family. So, all that out show our little family. So, all that out show our little family. So, all that out of the way, the crying session has has of the way, the crying session has has of the way, the crying session has has happened. So, we've checked the box for happened. So, we've checked the box for happened. So, we've checked the box for an emotional an emotional an emotional sitdown chatty video. But, I just I sitdown chatty video. But, I just I sitdown chatty video. But, I just I couldn't get into all of it and answer couldn't get into all of it and answer couldn't get into all of it and answer your questions without saying thank you your questions without saying thank you your questions without saying thank you first cuz this is where the most of you first cuz this is where the most of you first cuz this is where the most of you like analytics wise on the back end more like analytics wise on the back end more like analytics wise on the back end more people are in in watching the video. So, people are in in watching the video. So, people are in in watching the video. So, I didn't want to save this to the end. I I didn't want to save this to the end. I I didn't want to save this to the end. I just I wanted to get I wanted to get it just I wanted to get I wanted to get it just I wanted to get I wanted to get it out now. But thank you. Thank you guys. out now. But thank you. Thank you guys. out now. But thank you. Thank you guys. Okay, so first up, Cass is asking 2026 Okay, so first up, Cass is asking 2026 Okay, so first up, Cass is asking 2026 trip plans. So, I'm really excited about trip plans. So, I'm really excited about trip plans. So, I'm really excited about our trip plans for 2026. And I'm kind of our trip plans for 2026. And I'm kind of our trip plans for 2026. And I'm kind of trying to go in [snorts] before I would trying to go in [snorts] before I would trying to go in [snorts] before I would schedule it around like the beginning of schedule it around like the beginning of schedule it around like the beginning of parties or this or that in which we parties or this or that in which we parties or this or that in which we still are doing some of that. Um, still are doing some of that. Um, still are doing some of that. Um, obviously this is planning obviously this is planning obviously this is planning [clears throat] planning our trips isn't [clears throat] planning our trips isn't [clears throat] planning our trips isn't a once a year what works for our family a once a year what works for our family a once a year what works for our family like the vast majority of you are like the vast majority of you are like the vast majority of you are planning for. So our like trip schedule planning for. So our like trip schedule planning for. So our like trip schedule looks a little different. But for us, looks a little different. But for us, looks a little different. But for us, I'm wanting to put a little more I'm wanting to put a little more I'm wanting to put a little more breathing room between our trips and do breathing room between our trips and do breathing room between our trips and do more of a seasonal. So this year we are more of a seasonal. So this year we are more of a seasonal. So this year we are doing a winter trip, we're doing a doing a winter trip, we're doing a doing a winter trip, we're doing a spring trip, a summer trip, a fall trip, spring trip, a summer trip, a fall trip, spring trip, a summer trip, a fall trip, and a Christmas trip. So we have five and a Christmas trip. So we have five and a Christmas trip. So we have five like staple trips so that I can be the like staple trips so that I can be the like staple trips so that I can be the most helpful for you in the season that most helpful for you in the season that most helpful for you in the season that you're going in. So instead of just you're going in. So instead of just you're going in. So instead of just being a we're going to Disney for a week being a we're going to Disney for a week being a we're going to Disney for a week whenever, it has more of a theme and a whenever, it has more of a theme and a whenever, it has more of a theme and a purpose. So, for those of you that are purpose. So, for those of you that are purpose. So, for those of you that are going in winter, you'll be able to going in winter, you'll be able to going in winter, you'll be able to follow along with the prepping and the follow along with the prepping and the follow along with the prepping and the packing and then the travel content and packing and then the travel content and packing and then the travel content and the vlogs of being there during the the vlogs of being there during the the vlogs of being there during the winter and kind of what that's like. Or winter and kind of what that's like. Or winter and kind of what that's like. Or if you're planning for a 2027 trip, you if you're planning for a 2027 trip, you if you're planning for a 2027 trip, you can kind of see that content, see the can kind of see that content, see the can kind of see that content, see the trip, see kind of what things look like, trip, see kind of what things look like, trip, see kind of what things look like, what weather situations we dealt with, what weather situations we dealt with, what weather situations we dealt with, the lines that we dealt with, the crowds the lines that we dealt with, the crowds the lines that we dealt with, the crowds or whatever. And so, you can kind of or whatever. And so, you can kind of or whatever. And so, you can kind of know and like plan for your own vacation know and like plan for your own vacation know and like plan for your own vacation because that's obviously the point of because that's obviously the point of because that's obviously the point of this channel. is to help you guys and we this channel. is to help you guys and we this channel. is to help you guys and we love getting to do this. I love going to love getting to do this. I love going to love getting to do this. I love going to Disney. I love having people that I get Disney. I love having people that I get Disney. I love having people that I get to talk about Disney with because I to talk about Disney with because I to talk about Disney with because I don't have a ton of those in my life. don't have a ton of those in my life. don't have a ton of those in my life. So, you are my Disney people. So, thank So, you are my Disney people. So, thank So, you are my Disney people. So, thank you for being my Disney people. Um, but you for being my Disney people. Um, but you for being my Disney people. Um, but I really wanted to think about it as far I really wanted to think about it as far I really wanted to think about it as far as like planning our trips is doing it as like planning our trips is doing it as like planning our trips is doing it in that format of like having a little in that format of like having a little in that format of like having a little bit more of a theme instead of just bit more of a theme instead of just bit more of a theme instead of just Disney, which a lot of things can Disney, which a lot of things can Disney, which a lot of things can overlap. There's a lot of tips and overlap. There's a lot of tips and overlap. There's a lot of tips and things that'll be in the videos and in things that'll be in the videos and in things that'll be in the videos and in the content that will apply to a lot of the content that will apply to a lot of the content that will apply to a lot of different trips, but I wanted it to be a different trips, but I wanted it to be a different trips, but I wanted it to be a little bit more like, okay, this is the little bit more like, okay, this is the little bit more like, okay, this is the the season. So, I'm excited. So, we have the season. So, I'm excited. So, we have the season. So, I'm excited. So, we have those. I'm not saying we're not going those. I'm not saying we're not going those. I'm not saying we're not going more than those times cuz we have a more than those times cuz we have a more than those times cuz we have a family trip booked um that I'm really family trip booked um that I'm really family trip booked um that I'm really excited about. We'll talk about that in excited about. We'll talk about that in excited about. We'll talk about that in a minute. I have another question that's a minute. I have another question that's a minute. I have another question that's asking about that. And so, I'm like, all asking about that. And so, I'm like, all asking about that. And so, I'm like, all right, that's the answer to that right, that's the answer to that right, that's the answer to that question. But um as far as like small question. But um as far as like small question. But um as far as like small trips, short trips, we may throw some of trips, short trips, we may throw some of trips, short trips, we may throw some of those in there. I do get opportunities those in there. I do get opportunities those in there. I do get opportunities of like agents that they're like, "We of like agents that they're like, "We of like agents that they're like, "We would love to host you for the weekend would love to host you for the weekend would love to host you for the weekend at Disney." And so I do get, which at Disney." And so I do get, which at Disney." And so I do get, which sounds so crazy to say [laughter] that sounds so crazy to say [laughter] that sounds so crazy to say [laughter] that when when you come from working your when when you come from working your when when you come from working your butt off all year to go on a long butt off all year to go on a long butt off all year to go on a long weekend trip to Disney. And that's like weekend trip to Disney. And that's like weekend trip to Disney. And that's like that's where we were five years ago when that's where we were five years ago when that's where we were five years ago when I started the channel. Or six is it six I started the channel. Or six is it six I started the channel. Or six is it six years ago? six years ago. Yes, because I years ago? six years ago. Yes, because I years ago? six years ago. Yes, because I started in 2020. We're going into 2026. started in 2020. We're going into 2026. started in 2020. We're going into 2026. Um, Um, Um, sorry, I'm going to cry again. When you sorry, I'm going to cry again. When you sorry, I'm going to cry again. When you come from that and then someone I'm come from that and then someone I'm come from that and then someone I'm sorry, sorry, sorry, when you when you come from that and when you when you come from that and when you when you come from that and then then then when you come from that and you have when you come from that and you have when you come from that and you have someone that they're like, we want to someone that they're like, we want to someone that they're like, we want to pay for that, it is pay for that, it is pay for that, it is it it's wild. So, it's just Sorry. I it it's wild. So, it's just Sorry. I it it's wild. So, it's just Sorry. I just I still have a hard time saying it just I still have a hard time saying it just I still have a hard time saying it out loud cuz it is just the craziest out loud cuz it is just the craziest out loud cuz it is just the craziest thing. And I swear I wasn't going to cry thing. And I swear I wasn't going to cry thing. And I swear I wasn't going to cry in this video. [snorts] in this video. [snorts] in this video. [snorts] Sorry, this is not this is not on Q. Sorry, this is not this is not on Q. Sorry, this is not this is not on Q. This is a This is a This is a this is just me. Um okay. All right. So, this is just me. Um okay. All right. So, this is just me. Um okay. All right. So, that's the kind of plan for 2026. I also that's the kind of plan for 2026. I also that's the kind of plan for 2026. I also had someone else ask about resorts and had someone else ask about resorts and had someone else ask about resorts and stuff. So, we'll talk about that in a stuff. So, we'll talk about that in a stuff. So, we'll talk about that in a second. So, I want to make sure to like second. So, I want to make sure to like second. So, I want to make sure to like I'm trying to answer multiple pe I'm trying to answer multiple pe I'm trying to answer multiple pe people's questions cuz there was a lot people's questions cuz there was a lot people's questions cuz there was a lot of them. [clears throat] Let's see. Oh, of them. [clears throat] Let's see. Oh, of them. [clears throat] Let's see. Oh, Christmas haul. What did you get for Christmas haul. What did you get for Christmas haul. What did you get for Christmas? Let me go get that. Oh, no. Christmas? Let me go get that. Oh, no. Christmas? Let me go get that. Oh, no. I'll show you. [laughter] I'll show you. [laughter] I'll show you. [laughter] Okay, so these were my Christmas Okay, so these were my Christmas Okay, so these were my Christmas presents. We went easy on the gifts this presents. We went easy on the gifts this presents. We went easy on the gifts this year. We were like, I don't We didn't year. We were like, I don't We didn't year. We were like, I don't We didn't get a bunch of stuff. Dean wanted a new get a bunch of stuff. Dean wanted a new get a bunch of stuff. Dean wanted a new flashlight. I got him a new flashlight. flashlight. I got him a new flashlight. flashlight. I got him a new flashlight. And then um he surprised me with this And then um he surprised me with this And then um he surprised me with this one cuz he knows I love the scent of the one cuz he knows I love the scent of the one cuz he knows I love the scent of the body spray, the soul de Janeiro, body spray, the soul de Janeiro, body spray, the soul de Janeiro, whatever. The um 59 scent. I know my whatever. The um 59 scent. I know my whatever. The um 59 scent. I know my nails are absolutely horrible. I nails are absolutely horrible. I nails are absolutely horrible. I apologize. apologize. apologize. I need to to do something about them, I need to to do something about them, I need to to do something about them, paint them, whatever. But I love the 59. paint them, whatever. But I love the 59. paint them, whatever. But I love the 59. And so he got me the lotion. And so he got me the lotion. And so he got me the lotion. It's so nice. I'm like I don't I don't It's so nice. I'm like I don't I don't It's so nice. I'm like I don't I don't want to use it cuz I'm like it's so want to use it cuz I'm like it's so want to use it cuz I'm like it's so expensive, but then I used like a little expensive, but then I used like a little expensive, but then I used like a little bit of it just like trying to like make bit of it just like trying to like make bit of it just like trying to like make it last as long as possible. It's so it last as long as possible. It's so it last as long as possible. It's so good. It's like so creamy. It feels good. It's like so creamy. It feels good. It's like so creamy. It feels great. So I'm really excited about it. great. So I'm really excited about it. great. So I'm really excited about it. Um okay. And then the other present that Um okay. And then the other present that Um okay. And then the other present that he got me, which was very sweet, is this he got me, which was very sweet, is this he got me, which was very sweet, is this wallet. Um, quick story time behind this wallet. Um, quick story time behind this wallet. Um, quick story time behind this wallet. I actually had one years ago wallet. I actually had one years ago wallet. I actually had one years ago before we had the kids and everything. I before we had the kids and everything. I before we had the kids and everything. I worked really hard to have the money to worked really hard to have the money to worked really hard to have the money to buy one of these wallets. And I had buy one of these wallets. And I had buy one of these wallets. And I had actually found it. It's almost a carbon actually found it. It's almost a carbon actually found it. It's almost a carbon copy of this placement that I had gotten copy of this placement that I had gotten copy of this placement that I had gotten for the wallet that I have bought years for the wallet that I have bought years for the wallet that I have bought years ago, like I don't know 8 n years ago. ago, like I don't know 8 n years ago. ago, like I don't know 8 n years ago. Um, now but I had it. I loved it when I Um, now but I had it. I loved it when I Um, now but I had it. I loved it when I think it was when Lucy was a baby. We think it was when Lucy was a baby. We think it was when Lucy was a baby. We were wanting to pay for a trip [snorts] were wanting to pay for a trip [snorts] were wanting to pay for a trip [snorts] and I sold my wallet. I just I kept and I sold my wallet. I just I kept and I sold my wallet. I just I kept seeing it recently at Disney and I'm seeing it recently at Disney and I'm seeing it recently at Disney and I'm like, "Uh, I wish I could find the like, "Uh, I wish I could find the like, "Uh, I wish I could find the placement like I used to have." And so, placement like I used to have." And so, placement like I used to have." And so, every time we would go in a gift shop, I every time we would go in a gift shop, I every time we would go in a gift shop, I would thumb through the wallets and be would thumb through the wallets and be would thumb through the wallets and be like, "Oh, I would love to have a wallet like, "Oh, I would love to have a wallet like, "Oh, I would love to have a wallet like that again." Well, we found one. like that again." Well, we found one. like that again." Well, we found one. And he was like, "I want to get this for And he was like, "I want to get this for And he was like, "I want to get this for you for Christmas." Um, so it was it's you for Christmas." Um, so it was it's you for Christmas." Um, so it was it's just kind of a it's a really sweet full just kind of a it's a really sweet full just kind of a it's a really sweet full circle moment of like again, sorry, circle moment of like again, sorry, circle moment of like again, sorry, [laughter] just it's been a lot. Um, just it's been a lot. Um, just it's been a lot. Um, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, that's that's the story behind it. So, that's that's the story behind it. So, that's that's the story behind it. So, it's kind of a really sweet full circle it's kind of a really sweet full circle it's kind of a really sweet full circle moment to needing to sell it to help moment to needing to sell it to help moment to needing to sell it to help fund and pay for a trip when we were fund and pay for a trip when we were fund and pay for a trip when we were like saving our butts off and not going like saving our butts off and not going like saving our butts off and not going out and eating at home and cooking and out and eating at home and cooking and out and eating at home and cooking and like budgeting and like all the things like budgeting and like all the things like budgeting and like all the things so hardcore and like we had zero fun so hardcore and like we had zero fun so hardcore and like we had zero fun other than going to Disney. Like that other than going to Disney. Like that other than going to Disney. Like that was the only fun activity we planned. Um was the only fun activity we planned. Um was the only fun activity we planned. Um it's Yeah, it's full circle moment. it's Yeah, it's full circle moment. it's Yeah, it's full circle moment. Okay, I've got to answer these questions Okay, I've got to answer these questions Okay, I've got to answer these questions cuz we're too deep and I've cried twice. cuz we're too deep and I've cried twice. cuz we're too deep and I've cried twice. um the history of viewers and Dean's um the history of viewers and Dean's um the history of viewers and Dean's individual Walt Disney World experience individual Walt Disney World experience individual Walt Disney World experience and where your love for Disney started. and where your love for Disney started. and where your love for Disney started. Um so for me it was our honeymoon. Um so for me it was our honeymoon. Um so for me it was our honeymoon. Loved it. Short version of the story is Loved it. Short version of the story is Loved it. Short version of the story is I fell into planning the trip. Um we had I fell into planning the trip. Um we had I fell into planning the trip. Um we had the suggestion by family to even go the suggestion by family to even go the suggestion by family to even go there. Um and so it's kind it's kind of there. Um and so it's kind it's kind of there. Um and so it's kind it's kind of funny. They were like, "You guys should funny. They were like, "You guys should funny. They were like, "You guys should go here because we can get a really good go here because we can get a really good go here because we can get a really good discount on it." So, it's like it it's discount on it." So, it's like it it's discount on it." So, it's like it it's all sort of funny now, but it's like all all sort of funny now, but it's like all all sort of funny now, but it's like all that that all that like spawned all of that that all that like spawned all of that that all that like spawned all of this is just kind of comical. Um, but this is just kind of comical. Um, but this is just kind of comical. Um, but they're like, "You should go to Disney." they're like, "You should go to Disney." they're like, "You should go to Disney." And we're like, we were young. Like, I And we're like, we were young. Like, I And we're like, we were young. Like, I was 19 when we got married. I'm like, "I was 19 when we got married. I'm like, "I was 19 when we got married. I'm like, "I don't care where we go. like I'm just don't care where we go. like I'm just don't care where we go. like I'm just getting to marry the person that I love getting to marry the person that I love getting to marry the person that I love and I I don't care where we go or what and I I don't care where we go or what and I I don't care where we go or what we do. Like I I'd like to go somewhere we do. Like I I'd like to go somewhere we do. Like I I'd like to go somewhere fun or maybe the beach or like it'd be fun or maybe the beach or like it'd be fun or maybe the beach or like it'd be nice, but I don't know. I just I I nice, but I don't know. I just I I nice, but I don't know. I just I I didn't have high hopes for that. I don't didn't have high hopes for that. I don't didn't have high hopes for that. I don't I don't know. Um and so I didn't know I don't know. Um and so I didn't know I don't know. Um and so I didn't know like what what that would look like. I'm like what what that would look like. I'm like what what that would look like. I'm like I feel like a baby. Like we don't like I feel like a baby. Like we don't like I feel like a baby. Like we don't travel very often, so I'm like what are travel very often, so I'm like what are travel very often, so I'm like what are we doing? Um but we got to go to Disney we doing? Um but we got to go to Disney we doing? Um but we got to go to Disney and I obsessively planned that trip. and I obsessively planned that trip. and I obsessively planned that trip. Shocker. I know, but successively Shocker. I know, but successively Shocker. I know, but successively planned it. And I think I spent more planned it. And I think I spent more planned it. And I think I spent more time planning that than I did planning time planning that than I did planning time planning that than I did planning our wedding. Like I [snorts] we our wedding. Like I [snorts] we our wedding. Like I [snorts] we [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] This is Dean's favorite story. We This is Dean's favorite story. We This is Dean's favorite story. We literally got pulled over on our way literally got pulled over on our way literally got pulled over on our way home from work home from work home from work because I had the light on in the car. because I had the light on in the car. because I had the light on in the car. He's driving us home. We both worked at He's driving us home. We both worked at He's driving us home. We both worked at the same place at the time. driving us the same place at the time. driving us the same place at the time. driving us home from work and had the car light on home from work and had the car light on home from work and had the car light on so I could read the book. They had these so I could read the book. They had these so I could read the book. They had these books called Passporters. Um, you used books called Passporters. Um, you used books called Passporters. Um, you used to go to like Barnes &amp; Noble and you to go to like Barnes &amp; Noble and you to go to like Barnes &amp; Noble and you could order them on Amazon and different could order them on Amazon and different could order them on Amazon and different places like that and buy these places like that and buy these places like that and buy these passporter books and it was literally passporter books and it was literally passporter books and it was literally like a full-blown guide to Disney. I like a full-blown guide to Disney. I like a full-blown guide to Disney. I don't even think they make them anymore. don't even think they make them anymore. don't even think they make them anymore. I don't even know that the people that I don't even know that the people that I don't even know that the people that do passorters are still doing Disney or do passorters are still doing Disney or do passorters are still doing Disney or anything like that. I don't know. But I anything like that. I don't know. But I anything like that. I don't know. But I had this book and we were like I was had this book and we were like I was had this book and we were like I was combing through it. I was dog earring combing through it. I was dog earring combing through it. I was dog earring pages. I was highlighting things. I was pages. I was highlighting things. I was pages. I was highlighting things. I was like, it was a whole thing. And couple like, it was a whole thing. And couple like, it was a whole thing. And couple pulls us over, comes up, and he like pulls us over, comes up, and he like pulls us over, comes up, and he like genuinely like disappointed. He's like, genuinely like disappointed. He's like, genuinely like disappointed. He's like, "What you guys doing?" And Dean's like, "What you guys doing?" And Dean's like, "What you guys doing?" And Dean's like, "On our way home from work." He's like, "On our way home from work." He's like, "On our way home from work." He's like, "Why you got the light on?" He's like, "Why you got the light on?" He's like, "Why you got the light on?" He's like, "Oh, my wife's planning our Disney trip. "Oh, my wife's planning our Disney trip. "Oh, my wife's planning our Disney trip. She's reading this book." And he like She's reading this book." And he like She's reading this book." And he like looks at the book and he's like, "Oh, looks at the book and he's like, "Oh, looks at the book and he's like, "Oh, well, you just just be careful with that well, you just just be careful with that well, you just just be careful with that light on. [laughter] light on. [laughter] light on. [laughter] You guys be you guys be safe getting You guys be you guys be safe getting You guys be you guys be safe getting home." But he was like genuinely home." But he was like genuinely home." But he was like genuinely disappointed cuz it was like disappointed cuz it was like disappointed cuz it was like What are these nuts doing? Like what in What are these nuts doing? Like what in What are these nuts doing? Like what in the world? Uh but yeah, that's one of the world? Uh but yeah, that's one of the world? Uh but yeah, that's one of our favorite stories. So yeah, we were our favorite stories. So yeah, we were our favorite stories. So yeah, we were um [clears throat] obsessively planning um [clears throat] obsessively planning um [clears throat] obsessively planning our Disney trip at all hours, literally. our Disney trip at all hours, literally. our Disney trip at all hours, literally. Um so yeah, that's that's how come we Um so yeah, that's that's how come we Um so yeah, that's that's how come we got started and the my moment of like I got started and the my moment of like I got started and the my moment of like I love this is we stayed at Saratoga love this is we stayed at Saratoga love this is we stayed at Saratoga Springs and as soon there was the Springs and as soon there was the Springs and as soon there was the sweetest little old man. He was the sweetest little old man. He was the sweetest little old man. He was the sweetest little old man. He was his job sweetest little old man. He was his job sweetest little old man. He was his job was to be a door grader. He opened the was to be a door grader. He opened the was to be a door grader. He opened the door. He had I still remember him. He door. He had I still remember him. He door. He had I still remember him. He had his little like suit outfit on and had his little like suit outfit on and had his little like suit outfit on and like welcomed us in and he's welcome like welcomed us in and he's welcome like welcomed us in and he's welcome home. And I'm like I'm hooked. I'm I'm home. And I'm like I'm hooked. I'm I'm home. And I'm like I'm hooked. I'm I'm home. It's official. I'm done. Sign me home. It's official. I'm done. Sign me home. It's official. I'm done. Sign me up, Mickey. Like whatever. Um so yeah, up, Mickey. Like whatever. Um so yeah, up, Mickey. Like whatever. Um so yeah, needless to say, that was my moment. Um needless to say, that was my moment. Um needless to say, that was my moment. Um Dean's moment. He told me cuz I was Dean's moment. He told me cuz I was Dean's moment. He told me cuz I was like, "Well, what was your moment?" And like, "Well, what was your moment?" And like, "Well, what was your moment?" And so, um, he's in the other room with the so, um, he's in the other room with the so, um, he's in the other room with the girls, so he can't sit in here and film girls, so he can't sit in here and film girls, so he can't sit in here and film right now, but he was like, "You can right now, but he was like, "You can right now, but he was like, "You can tell my [laughter] story." His moment tell my [laughter] story." His moment tell my [laughter] story." His moment was one of the, uh, trips right before I was one of the, uh, trips right before I was one of the, uh, trips right before I was pregnant with Lucy. We went on this was pregnant with Lucy. We went on this was pregnant with Lucy. We went on this trip and we did this like Disney trip and we did this like Disney trip and we did this like Disney bounding and we both dressed up as bounding and we both dressed up as bounding and we both dressed up as Donald and Daisy. I'll try to find a Donald and Daisy. I'll try to find a Donald and Daisy. I'll try to find a picture so I can pop it up here. So, picture so I can pop it up here. So, picture so I can pop it up here. So, this was our our bounding this was our our bounding this was our our bounding outfit of being them. And we went to outfit of being them. And we went to outfit of being them. And we went to Epcot and we went through all the Epcot and we went through all the Epcot and we went through all the countries. like we skipped rides and we countries. like we skipped rides and we countries. like we skipped rides and we were there for the like um and now it's were there for the like um and now it's were there for the like um and now it's early entry but extra magic hours. We early entry but extra magic hours. We early entry but extra magic hours. We did like extra magic hours and we did did like extra magic hours and we did did like extra magic hours and we did all that stuff and we were like early all that stuff and we were like early all that stuff and we were like early and we went through all the countries and we went through all the countries and we went through all the countries trying to get an empty shot photo which trying to get an empty shot photo which trying to get an empty shot photo which we we've really not changed all that we we've really not changed all that we we've really not changed all that much. We just went through the much. We just went through the much. We just went through the countries. We were like we don't want to countries. We were like we don't want to countries. We were like we don't want to ride. We just want to go get photos and ride. We just want to go get photos and ride. We just want to go get photos and just have fun and eat. And that was the just have fun and eat. And that was the just have fun and eat. And that was the day I had the very first pink donut. And day I had the very first pink donut. And day I had the very first pink donut. And it was just that moment and he was like it was just that moment and he was like it was just that moment and he was like that was when I fell in love with Disney that was when I fell in love with Disney that was when I fell in love with Disney and getting to explore and just having and getting to explore and just having and getting to explore and just having fun being there. And so that was his his fun being there. And so that was his his fun being there. And so that was his his moment. Um all right, we got to keep moment. Um all right, we got to keep moment. Um all right, we got to keep going. Uh room setup for naps. So this going. Uh room setup for naps. So this going. Uh room setup for naps. So this is a a nuts andbolts question. Room is a a nuts andbolts question. Room is a a nuts andbolts question. Room setup for naps. Are rooms dark enough setup for naps. Are rooms dark enough setup for naps. Are rooms dark enough for bringing or bring suction blackout for bringing or bring suction blackout for bringing or bring suction blackout curtains? So I think they're dark curtains? So I think they're dark curtains? So I think they're dark enough. There are sometimes we may need enough. There are sometimes we may need enough. There are sometimes we may need to use the clips. like we'll use a to use the clips. like we'll use a to use the clips. like we'll use a hanger like that has the pants clips on hanger like that has the pants clips on hanger like that has the pants clips on it um from the closet they're at the it um from the closet they're at the it um from the closet they're at the resort to if they're not wanting to like resort to if they're not wanting to like resort to if they're not wanting to like stay together really well is clip them stay together really well is clip them stay together really well is clip them together but usually they stay together together but usually they stay together together but usually they stay together great blacks out really nicely turn on great blacks out really nicely turn on great blacks out really nicely turn on the sound machine you're Disney tired the sound machine you're Disney tired the sound machine you're Disney tired everybody goes to sleep the kids go to everybody goes to sleep the kids go to everybody goes to sleep the kids go to sleep so it is usually not a problem um sleep so it is usually not a problem um sleep so it is usually not a problem um so yeah that I would say they're fine so yeah that I would say they're fine so yeah that I would say they're fine that's one less thing that you need to that's one less thing that you need to that's one less thing that you need to pack I'm like I have a lot of essentials pack I'm like I have a lot of essentials pack I'm like I have a lot of essentials But that for us is one that we just But that for us is one that we just But that for us is one that we just don't feel like we need. Um, what are don't feel like we need. Um, what are don't feel like we need. Um, what are you most excited for in 2026? you most excited for in 2026? you most excited for in 2026? So, talking about this when we were So, talking about this when we were So, talking about this when we were traveling, we are going on a giant traveling, we are going on a giant traveling, we are going on a giant family trip to Disney World with my mom family trip to Disney World with my mom family trip to Disney World with my mom and dad. We're going we're taking my and dad. We're going we're taking my and dad. We're going we're taking my brother and sister-in-law and we've got brother and sister-in-law and we've got brother and sister-in-law and we've got cousins going. My aunt and uncle are cousins going. My aunt and uncle are cousins going. My aunt and uncle are going. My grandma's going. Uh, or my going. My grandma's going. Uh, or my going. My grandma's going. Uh, or my Mimi um is going. And so I'm like I I Mimi um is going. And so I'm like I I Mimi um is going. And so I'm like I I love our family trips and I'm so excited love our family trips and I'm so excited love our family trips and I'm so excited about all of our other things that we about all of our other things that we about all of our other things that we have going on this year. Like there's we have going on this year. Like there's we have going on this year. Like there's we have so much to be grateful for and so have so much to be grateful for and so have so much to be grateful for and so much to be excited for. But that one much to be excited for. But that one much to be excited for. But that one that one's my most like over the topic that one's my most like over the topic that one's my most like over the topic one that I'm excited for cuz for one a one that I'm excited for cuz for one a one that I'm excited for cuz for one a lot of I have part of this family has lot of I have part of this family has lot of I have part of this family has not been to Disney before and so it's not been to Disney before and so it's not been to Disney before and so it's their first time and getting to take their first time and getting to take their first time and getting to take them for the first time and getting to them for the first time and getting to them for the first time and getting to like bring our family to our happy like bring our family to our happy like bring our family to our happy place. We've not all been there together place. We've not all been there together place. We've not all been there together like this since 2014. like this since 2014. like this since 2014. Um, and we had taken then a 10-y year Um, and we had taken then a 10-y year Um, and we had taken then a 10-y year anniversary of the very first time we anniversary of the very first time we anniversary of the very first time we all went together. We went in 2004 for all went together. We went in 2004 for all went together. We went in 2004 for the very first time. And so we had done the very first time. And so we had done the very first time. And so we had done a 10 year later trip, but we had hoped a 10 year later trip, but we had hoped a 10 year later trip, but we had hoped to do one in 2024, but it just didn't to do one in 2024, but it just didn't to do one in 2024, but it just didn't work out. And so 2026 is the year we're work out. And so 2026 is the year we're work out. And so 2026 is the year we're making it happen. And I'm I'm so making it happen. And I'm I'm so making it happen. And I'm I'm so excited. I'm really looking forward to excited. I'm really looking forward to excited. I'm really looking forward to being there with my family and it's being there with my family and it's being there with my family and it's going to be a lot of fun. So, I'm going to be a lot of fun. So, I'm going to be a lot of fun. So, I'm excited that So, what I'm most excited excited that So, what I'm most excited excited that So, what I'm most excited about in 2026 is like our big family about in 2026 is like our big family about in 2026 is like our big family trip. Um, best part of Dean working with trip. Um, best part of Dean working with trip. Um, best part of Dean working with you now. Um, all of it. I love having you now. Um, all of it. I love having you now. Um, all of it. I love having him home. We used to work together and him home. We used to work together and him home. We used to work together and then just kind of things life changed. then just kind of things life changed. then just kind of things life changed. Wasn't able to do that anymore. And so Wasn't able to do that anymore. And so Wasn't able to do that anymore. And so he worked by himself and I was like stay he worked by himself and I was like stay he worked by himself and I was like stay at home for a little bit. I did a lot of at home for a little bit. I did a lot of at home for a little bit. I did a lot of different things to help contribute to different things to help contribute to different things to help contribute to income. I tried to do retail arbitrage income. I tried to do retail arbitrage income. I tried to do retail arbitrage and owning a like doing an online and owning a like doing an online and owning a like doing an online boutique and selling skin care. I was a boutique and selling skin care. I was a boutique and selling skin care. I was a Rodan and Fields girl for a little bit Rodan and Fields girl for a little bit Rodan and Fields girl for a little bit and I was a um what was the lipstick? and I was a um what was the lipstick? and I was a um what was the lipstick? The scents The scents The scents lipsense. I did I did that for a while. lipsense. I did I did that for a while. lipsense. I did I did that for a while. Um I tried to do Instagram. That didn't Um I tried to do Instagram. That didn't Um I tried to do Instagram. That didn't work out at that time. The first time I work out at that time. The first time I work out at that time. The first time I tried it, the second time it worked out tried it, the second time it worked out tried it, the second time it worked out because YouTube worked out, so Instagram because YouTube worked out, so Instagram because YouTube worked out, so Instagram inadvertently worked out. So, yeah, inadvertently worked out. So, yeah, inadvertently worked out. So, yeah, we've we've kind of been all over the we've we've kind of been all over the we've we've kind of been all over the place, but having him home and getting place, but having him home and getting place, but having him home and getting to work with him. We love working to work with him. We love working to work with him. We love working together. And so, it's it's great together. And so, it's it's great together. And so, it's it's great getting to do that. I love the the best getting to do that. I love the the best getting to do that. I love the the best part of having him home has just been part of having him home has just been part of having him home has just been able to be together as a family. And it able to be together as a family. And it able to be together as a family. And it was a business decision, but ultimately was a business decision, but ultimately was a business decision, but ultimately my goal for wanting to be able to bring my goal for wanting to be able to bring my goal for wanting to be able to bring him home cuz it was one of those like him home cuz it was one of those like him home cuz it was one of those like pie in the sky goals. Like we shared a pie in the sky goals. Like we shared a pie in the sky goals. Like we shared a video on it months ago, like when it video on it months ago, like when it video on it months ago, like when it first happened back in July. Um so you first happened back in July. Um so you first happened back in July. Um so you can go [laughter] back and like watch can go [laughter] back and like watch can go [laughter] back and like watch that video and watch me cry in that one that video and watch me cry in that one that video and watch me cry in that one too. Um, but we um too. Um, but we um too. Um, but we um we I really wanted to be able to also we I really wanted to be able to also we I really wanted to be able to also give him the chance to be home because give him the chance to be home because give him the chance to be home because it's as as a stay-at-home work from home it's as as a stay-at-home work from home it's as as a stay-at-home work from home mom, like I get to be there for so many mom, like I get to be there for so many mom, like I get to be there for so many moments and I feel like he was missing moments and I feel like he was missing moments and I feel like he was missing so many first and I'm like I don't know so many first and I'm like I don't know so many first and I'm like I don't know how long this will last. Like content how long this will last. Like content how long this will last. Like content creation hasn't been around all that creation hasn't been around all that creation hasn't been around all that long and so who knows? But it's like for long and so who knows? But it's like for long and so who knows? But it's like for this time in this season, we are taking this time in this season, we are taking this time in this season, we are taking advantage of it. And from the outside, advantage of it. And from the outside, advantage of it. And from the outside, it looks like you're, oh well, you're it looks like you're, oh well, you're it looks like you're, oh well, you're just going all in on being a creator. just going all in on being a creator. just going all in on being a creator. And ultimately, it's like we're going And ultimately, it's like we're going And ultimately, it's like we're going all in on being a family and getting to all in on being a family and getting to all in on being a family and getting to be together and make memories and invest be together and make memories and invest be together and make memories and invest in our girls and spend time with them at in our girls and spend time with them at in our girls and spend time with them at such a young and amazing age. And it is such a young and amazing age. And it is such a young and amazing age. And it is a huge privilege that we have worked a huge privilege that we have worked a huge privilege that we have worked extremely hard to get to this point. But extremely hard to get to this point. But extremely hard to get to this point. But seriously, if you if you're trying to seriously, if you if you're trying to seriously, if you if you're trying to get there, I have so many that they're get there, I have so many that they're get there, I have so many that they're like, I want to get to the point you're like, I want to get to the point you're like, I want to get to the point you're at. And it's like, keep going. It is at. And it's like, keep going. It is at. And it's like, keep going. It is hard. There are roadblocks. There are hard. There are roadblocks. There are hard. There are roadblocks. There are things like content creation is so up things like content creation is so up things like content creation is so up and down. It's not a normal like 9 to5 and down. It's not a normal like 9 to5 and down. It's not a normal like 9 to5 set. And so, it is kind of a roller set. And so, it is kind of a roller set. And so, it is kind of a roller coaster ride. But if you were if you've coaster ride. But if you were if you've coaster ride. But if you were if you've sat down or even if you haven't yet, do sat down or even if you haven't yet, do sat down or even if you haven't yet, do it. Like, it's it's amazing. and we can it. Like, it's it's amazing. and we can it. Like, it's it's amazing. and we can talk about some of the the things that talk about some of the the things that talk about some of the the things that are hard about it and do that kind of are hard about it and do that kind of are hard about it and do that kind of thing. I have some other questions about thing. I have some other questions about thing. I have some other questions about stuff like that later. But seriously, it stuff like that later. But seriously, it stuff like that later. But seriously, it it is an amazing ride. Be authentic with it is an amazing ride. Be authentic with it is an amazing ride. Be authentic with your audience. Show up. Be you. Don't your audience. Show up. Be you. Don't your audience. Show up. Be you. Don't just follow trends and copy paste people just follow trends and copy paste people just follow trends and copy paste people that are working or whatever, but that are working or whatever, but that are working or whatever, but authentically show up and share and be authentically show up and share and be authentically show up and share and be you. No matter what anyone says is just you. No matter what anyone says is just you. No matter what anyone says is just be you. Your tribe, your audience, your be you. Your tribe, your audience, your be you. Your tribe, your audience, your fam will find you. And when they do, it fam will find you. And when they do, it fam will find you. And when they do, it is an amazing thing cuz I am so grateful is an amazing thing cuz I am so grateful is an amazing thing cuz I am so grateful for you guys. Like it's it's just for you guys. Like it's it's just for you guys. Like it's it's just awesome. So yeah, it it's great having awesome. So yeah, it it's great having awesome. So yeah, it it's great having him home. It's great having help with him home. It's great having help with him home. It's great having help with editing cuz he does a ton of that now. editing cuz he does a ton of that now. editing cuz he does a ton of that now. Um I don't have to do quite as much as I Um I don't have to do quite as much as I Um I don't have to do quite as much as I was. I still do edit. Um but I don't was. I still do edit. Um but I don't was. I still do edit. Um but I don't have to do near as much as I did. But have to do near as much as I did. But have to do near as much as I did. But getting to see him meet them at the getting to see him meet them at the getting to see him meet them at the bottom of the stairs when they wake up bottom of the stairs when they wake up bottom of the stairs when they wake up in the morning and he makes a mean in the morning and he makes a mean in the morning and he makes a mean breakfast. you guys selfishly. It's got breakfast. you guys selfishly. It's got breakfast. you guys selfishly. It's got me out of cooking breakfast every me out of cooking breakfast every me out of cooking breakfast every morning and I really enjoy it cuz he morning and I really enjoy it cuz he morning and I really enjoy it cuz he makes really good breakfast. So, makes really good breakfast. So, makes really good breakfast. So, [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] um there's a lot to it all, but we Yeah, um there's a lot to it all, but we Yeah, um there's a lot to it all, but we Yeah, we're we are loving it. Not everybody we're we are loving it. Not everybody we're we are loving it. Not everybody can do that cuz I know it just doesn't can do that cuz I know it just doesn't can do that cuz I know it just doesn't work for every couple and like being work for every couple and like being work for every couple and like being together 24/7 is just not for everybody, together 24/7 is just not for everybody, together 24/7 is just not for everybody, but it works for us and we love it. All but it works for us and we love it. All but it works for us and we love it. All right. Taylor wanted to know, "Do you right. Taylor wanted to know, "Do you right. Taylor wanted to know, "Do you feel the girls still appreciate slash feel the girls still appreciate slash feel the girls still appreciate slash love Disney trips?" Absolutely. They are love Disney trips?" Absolutely. They are love Disney trips?" Absolutely. They are still obsessed with it. Can't wait to go still obsessed with it. Can't wait to go still obsessed with it. Can't wait to go back. They're like making their list of back. They're like making their list of back. They're like making their list of things that they want to do when they go things that they want to do when they go things that they want to do when they go back or they'll be looking at clothes back or they'll be looking at clothes back or they'll be looking at clothes and they'll be, "Mommy, when we go back and they'll be, "Mommy, when we go back and they'll be, "Mommy, when we go back to this place, can I wear this dress?" to this place, can I wear this dress?" to this place, can I wear this dress?" And like they're already they're my copy And like they're already they're my copy And like they're already they're my copy paste like mini me. They're like, "I paste like mini me. They're like, "I paste like mini me. They're like, "I want to plan my outfits." And like we want to plan my outfits." And like we want to plan my outfits." And like we are I I love getting to do that with are I I love getting to do that with are I I love getting to do that with them. and they're like, "Can I wear this them. and they're like, "Can I wear this them. and they're like, "Can I wear this princess dress when we go to Magic princess dress when we go to Magic princess dress when we go to Magic Kingdom or whatever?" And they are still Kingdom or whatever?" And they are still Kingdom or whatever?" And they are still so excited and still love it so much. so excited and still love it so much. so excited and still love it so much. And I'm I'm really glad. I was When you And I'm I'm really glad. I was When you And I'm I'm really glad. I was When you get the opportunity to do stuff like get the opportunity to do stuff like get the opportunity to do stuff like that so often, you just don't know how that so often, you just don't know how that so often, you just don't know how it's going to go. Um, but so far, they it's going to go. Um, but so far, they it's going to go. Um, but so far, they are loving it. So, yeah, I need reasons are loving it. So, yeah, I need reasons are loving it. So, yeah, I need reasons to be excited for my 2026 trip. I keep to be excited for my 2026 trip. I keep to be excited for my 2026 trip. I keep hearing about all the construction and hearing about all the construction and hearing about all the construction and closed rides. So, construction closed rides. So, construction closed rides. So, construction obviously, I mean, it has it plays a obviously, I mean, it has it plays a obviously, I mean, it has it plays a part with that. That is I literally have part with that. That is I literally have part with that. That is I literally have this on my content schedule is sharing this on my content schedule is sharing this on my content schedule is sharing when we go um in January is sharing when we go um in January is sharing when we go um in January is sharing about the construction, the things that about the construction, the things that about the construction, the things that are happening and how to still enjoy the are happening and how to still enjoy the are happening and how to still enjoy the trip, things to do instead. So, that's trip, things to do instead. So, that's trip, things to do instead. So, that's like I promise it's coming. Um, like I promise it's coming. Um, like I promise it's coming. Um, unfortunately, so many people they want unfortunately, so many people they want unfortunately, so many people they want to just show that, oh, it's terrible, to just show that, oh, it's terrible, to just show that, oh, it's terrible, it's construction, it's everything's it's construction, it's everything's it's construction, it's everything's closed. don't go or like to scare closed. don't go or like to scare closed. don't go or like to scare people. And I'm like, I need y'all to people. And I'm like, I need y'all to people. And I'm like, I need y'all to calm down. Like, you're stressing people calm down. Like, you're stressing people calm down. Like, you're stressing people out. Like this. out. Like this. out. Like this. Yeah, that's a whole other topic. Um, Yeah, that's a whole other topic. Um, Yeah, that's a whole other topic. Um, but seriously, unless those things that but seriously, unless those things that but seriously, unless those things that are closed for refurbishment, are closed for refurbishment, are closed for refurbishment, permanently closed or whatever, are just permanently closed or whatever, are just permanently closed or whatever, are just like literally make it or break it like literally make it or break it like literally make it or break it things for you and your vacation, things for you and your vacation, things for you and your vacation, there's so much to do at Disney. You're there's so much to do at Disney. You're there's so much to do at Disney. You're going to be there. They're going to be going to be there. They're going to be going to be there. They're going to be the sights, the smells. You're going to the sights, the smells. You're going to the sights, the smells. You're going to be riding rides. You're going to be be riding rides. You're going to be be riding rides. You're going to be spending time with your family. You're spending time with your family. You're spending time with your family. You're going to be eating your favorite Disney going to be eating your favorite Disney going to be eating your favorite Disney foods. and hugging your favorite foods. and hugging your favorite foods. and hugging your favorite characters or whatever about that is characters or whatever about that is characters or whatever about that is like special for you. So unless to me like special for you. So unless to me like special for you. So unless to me unless those things are like integral unless those things are like integral unless those things are like integral for you to have an amazing happy Disney for you to have an amazing happy Disney for you to have an amazing happy Disney trip. Don't worry about it. It's going trip. Don't worry about it. It's going trip. Don't worry about it. It's going to be fine. You're going to have a great to be fine. You're going to have a great to be fine. You're going to have a great time. time. time. They're just don't listen to people They're just don't listen to people They're just don't listen to people trying to scare you. Um so there's that. trying to scare you. Um so there's that. trying to scare you. Um so there's that. How are you guys doing? What does your How are you guys doing? What does your How are you guys doing? What does your dayto-day look like uh when not at dayto-day look like uh when not at dayto-day look like uh when not at Disney? So, we're good now that we're Disney? So, we're good now that we're Disney? So, we're good now that we're better from being sick with the stupid better from being sick with the stupid better from being sick with the stupid flu for what felt like ever. Um, I think flu for what felt like ever. Um, I think flu for what felt like ever. Um, I think I almost lost my sanity cuz we were sick I almost lost my sanity cuz we were sick I almost lost my sanity cuz we were sick for 3 weeks and I'm like, "This is for 3 weeks and I'm like, "This is for 3 weeks and I'm like, "This is terrible timing. I'm having like I can't terrible timing. I'm having like I can't terrible timing. I'm having like I can't film videos. I I'm having a hard time film videos. I I'm having a hard time film videos. I I'm having a hard time uploading." And I had so much sponsored uploading." And I had so much sponsored uploading." And I had so much sponsored content that these sponsors were like, content that these sponsors were like, content that these sponsors were like, "We need this stuff on Spoonful." And "We need this stuff on Spoonful." And "We need this stuff on Spoonful." And I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm freaking out right now cuz I can't I'm freaking out right now cuz I can't I'm freaking out right now cuz I can't do anything. I've promised these people do anything. I've promised these people do anything. I've promised these people that they need videos and I've already that they need videos and I've already that they need videos and I've already filmed these before we left, but I filmed these before we left, but I filmed these before we left, but I didn't get to edit them and now we're didn't get to edit them and now we're didn't get to edit them and now we're here and we're sick. And I'm like, it here and we're sick. And I'm like, it here and we're sick. And I'm like, it was it was it was a roller coaster. We was it was it was a roller coaster. We was it was it was a roller coaster. We like we were sick, the kids were sick. like we were sick, the kids were sick. like we were sick, the kids were sick. It was just like It was just like It was just like I cried multiple times. I'm like, I I cried multiple times. I'm like, I I cried multiple times. I'm like, I don't know how we're going to get all don't know how we're going to get all don't know how we're going to get all this done. Um, so yeah, it was it it was this done. Um, so yeah, it was it it was this done. Um, so yeah, it was it it was an that. But we're doing much better an that. But we're doing much better an that. But we're doing much better now. Thank you very much for asking. Um, now. Thank you very much for asking. Um, now. Thank you very much for asking. Um, what does your day today though look what does your day today though look what does your day today though look like when not at Disney? I promise we're like when not at Disney? I promise we're like when not at Disney? I promise we're really boring. I have a lot of people really boring. I have a lot of people really boring. I have a lot of people who are like, "I wish you would do who are like, "I wish you would do who are like, "I wish you would do vlogs." And I'm like more of like day in vlogs." And I'm like more of like day in vlogs." And I'm like more of like day in the life vlogs and I I kind of want to the life vlogs and I I kind of want to the life vlogs and I I kind of want to incorporate those back in because I incorporate those back in because I incorporate those back in because I enjoy filming those and posting them. I enjoy filming those and posting them. I enjoy filming those and posting them. I usually post those over on Spoonful. So, usually post those over on Spoonful. So, usually post those over on Spoonful. So, for those of you that are new, I do have for those of you that are new, I do have for those of you that are new, I do have two separate YouTube channels. In 2021, two separate YouTube channels. In 2021, two separate YouTube channels. In 2021, I was I decided to split my channels cuz I was I decided to split my channels cuz I was I decided to split my channels cuz I was doing like Disney and decorating I was doing like Disney and decorating I was doing like Disney and decorating and home and day in the lives and mom and home and day in the lives and mom and home and day in the lives and mom content and baby content and like I was content and baby content and like I was content and baby content and like I was giving you guys and the algorithm giving you guys and the algorithm giving you guys and the algorithm whiplash. And after a lot of feedback of whiplash. And after a lot of feedback of whiplash. And after a lot of feedback of like, I'm here for the Disney stuff, but like, I'm here for the Disney stuff, but like, I'm here for the Disney stuff, but I don't care anything about you I don't care anything about you I don't care anything about you decorating your house. And vice versa of decorating your house. And vice versa of decorating your house. And vice versa of people on cleaning uh or on like people on cleaning uh or on like people on cleaning uh or on like decorating videos being like, I love decorating videos being like, I love decorating videos being like, I love your decorating stuff, but I don't care your decorating stuff, but I don't care your decorating stuff, but I don't care anything about your Disney stuff the anything about your Disney stuff the anything about your Disney stuff the rest of the year. And so that is why I rest of the year. And so that is why I rest of the year. And so that is why I have two channels now because it was a have two channels now because it was a have two channels now because it was a lot of feedback. A lot of people being lot of feedback. A lot of people being lot of feedback. A lot of people being like, I I love your stuff, but I only like, I I love your stuff, but I only like, I I love your stuff, but I only watch you like so many times a year watch you like so many times a year watch you like so many times a year because you're doing Disney or because because you're doing Disney or because because you're doing Disney or because you're doing home. And so I wanted to you're doing home. And so I wanted to you're doing home. And so I wanted to split it for those. It makes it a lot split it for those. It makes it a lot split it for those. It makes it a lot harder. It's a lot more work to have two harder. It's a lot more work to have two harder. It's a lot more work to have two channels. I don't I don't know that I channels. I don't I don't know that I channels. I don't I don't know that I recommend it, especially if you're doing recommend it, especially if you're doing recommend it, especially if you're doing it all by yourself. That is I about lost it all by yourself. That is I about lost it all by yourself. That is I about lost my mind trying to like do it. And it my mind trying to like do it. And it my mind trying to like do it. And it also gives you like split personality also gives you like split personality also gives you like split personality cuz you're like where do I talk about cuz you're like where do I talk about cuz you're like where do I talk about what cuz I'm like I want to talk about what cuz I'm like I want to talk about what cuz I'm like I want to talk about Disney but I don't just want to talk Disney but I don't just want to talk Disney but I don't just want to talk about Disney cuz I'm it make there's about Disney cuz I'm it make there's about Disney cuz I'm it make there's more to me than Disney. So I don't want more to me than Disney. So I don't want more to me than Disney. So I don't want people that watch the Disney channel to people that watch the Disney channel to people that watch the Disney channel to only think I'm just Disney. You know only think I'm just Disney. You know only think I'm just Disney. You know what I mean? But then I don't want what I mean? But then I don't want what I mean? But then I don't want people at home to think I'm just home. people at home to think I'm just home. people at home to think I'm just home. So it it's complicated. But suffice it So it it's complicated. But suffice it So it it's complicated. But suffice it to say I do have two channels. So I'm I to say I do have two channels. So I'm I to say I do have two channels. So I'm I want to do that and I want to do more want to do that and I want to do more want to do that and I want to do more home vlogs. But I'm also like we're home vlogs. But I'm also like we're home vlogs. But I'm also like we're really boring. I promise. Like there's really boring. I promise. Like there's really boring. I promise. Like there's there's not a lot exciting going on over there's not a lot exciting going on over there's not a lot exciting going on over [laughter] here. So I'm like I don't [laughter] here. So I'm like I don't [laughter] here. So I'm like I don't know that people are like I don't know know that people are like I don't know know that people are like I don't know that you're going to want to see that. that you're going to want to see that. that you're going to want to see that. Like it's us sitting editing videos and Like it's us sitting editing videos and Like it's us sitting editing videos and homeschooling the kids and cleaning the homeschooling the kids and cleaning the homeschooling the kids and cleaning the kitchen for the 270th time a day cuz kitchen for the 270th time a day cuz kitchen for the 270th time a day cuz we're all home all day long. So I feel we're all home all day long. So I feel we're all home all day long. So I feel like that's all we do is like pick up like that's all we do is like pick up like that's all we do is like pick up and or not pick up and like have to and or not pick up and like have to and or not pick up and like have to disaster pick up. And so it's like I disaster pick up. And so it's like I disaster pick up. And so it's like I don't I don't know. I feel really boring don't I don't know. I feel really boring don't I don't know. I feel really boring anymore, you guys. Um, that that's anymore, you guys. Um, that that's anymore, you guys. Um, that that's that's the place that I'm at. I just I'm that's the place that I'm at. I just I'm that's the place that I'm at. I just I'm like I don't as far as like home stuff like I don't as far as like home stuff like I don't as far as like home stuff goes. Like I love the Disney stuff I can goes. Like I love the Disney stuff I can goes. Like I love the Disney stuff I can do all day long, but it's like home. I'm do all day long, but it's like home. I'm do all day long, but it's like home. I'm like like like I'm I Who's going to want to watch me? I'm I Who's going to want to watch me? I'm I Who's going to want to watch me? I'm I'm boring. Like I'm not doing I'm I'm boring. Like I'm not doing I'm I'm boring. Like I'm not doing exciting things like some of these exciting things like some of these exciting things like some of these creators are. And I'm like, I don't creators are. And I'm like, I don't creators are. And I'm like, I don't know. I don't know. There's Yeah, lots know. I don't know. There's Yeah, lots know. I don't know. There's Yeah, lots of thoughts about that one. Um, would of thoughts about that one. Um, would of thoughts about that one. Um, would you ever be a mentor to someone who you ever be a mentor to someone who you ever be a mentor to someone who wants to become a creator? Yes, I would wants to become a creator? Yes, I would wants to become a creator? Yes, I would love to do that cuz I have so many love to do that cuz I have so many love to do that cuz I have so many people asking me questions and wanting people asking me questions and wanting people asking me questions and wanting like they're like I I want to aspire to like they're like I I want to aspire to like they're like I I want to aspire to be where you're at. Um, but I just want be where you're at. Um, but I just want be where you're at. Um, but I just want to find the right way to find the right way to find the right way to do it. I don't have a ton of free to do it. I don't have a ton of free to do it. I don't have a ton of free time right now. So, it's finding the time right now. So, it's finding the time right now. So, it's finding the finding out how I want to do it is hard, finding out how I want to do it is hard, finding out how I want to do it is hard, but I'm like I want to start something but I'm like I want to start something but I'm like I want to start something that I can help people. But I I I want that I can help people. But I I I want that I can help people. But I I I want to go about it the right way. so you can to go about it the right way. so you can to go about it the right way. so you can learn real practical tips and things to learn real practical tips and things to learn real practical tips and things to actually grow. Um because there's actually grow. Um because there's actually grow. Um because there's [sighs] [sighs] [sighs] there are too many help groups and there are too many help groups and there are too many help groups and support groups and Facebook groups and support groups and Facebook groups and support groups and Facebook groups and this and that and all this stuff that's this and that and all this stuff that's this and that and all this stuff that's nothing more than a well if you nothing more than a well if you nothing more than a well if you subscribe to me I'll subscribe to you subscribe to me I'll subscribe to you subscribe to me I'll subscribe to you and if you like my video I'll like your and if you like my video I'll like your and if you like my video I'll like your video and it's like I learned very video and it's like I learned very video and it's like I learned very quickly in those that is a death quickly in those that is a death quickly in those that is a death sentence for your channel. So, suffice sentence for your channel. So, suffice sentence for your channel. So, suffice it to say, if you are looking at that, it to say, if you are looking at that, it to say, if you are looking at that, don't do it. Just don't do it. Like, don't do it. Just don't do it. Like, don't do it. Just don't do it. Like, don't don't buy bots. Don't buy don't don't buy bots. Don't buy don't don't buy bots. Don't buy followers. You need to authentically followers. You need to authentically followers. You need to authentically grow cuz that is the only way you're grow cuz that is the only way you're grow cuz that is the only way you're going to succeed. If you do all that going to succeed. If you do all that going to succeed. If you do all that mess, you're not going to have true mess, you're not going to have true mess, you're not going to have true engagement. You're not going to have an engagement. You're not going to have an engagement. You're not going to have an amazing internet fam. You're not going amazing internet fam. You're not going amazing internet fam. You're not going to have those things. And it's just, to have those things. And it's just, to have those things. And it's just, yeah, I see so many people doing it and yeah, I see so many people doing it and yeah, I see so many people doing it and it's like it's like it's like makes me cringe every time I see it. And makes me cringe every time I see it. And makes me cringe every time I see it. And I'm like, stop this whole follow I'm like, stop this whole follow I'm like, stop this whole follow forollow mentality. that's not helping forollow mentality. that's not helping forollow mentality. that's not helping you grow. If you're a travel agent and you grow. If you're a travel agent and you grow. If you're a travel agent and you have 50 other travel agents you have 50 other travel agents you have 50 other travel agents following you and engaging this fake following you and engaging this fake following you and engaging this fake engagement and you decide, you know engagement and you decide, you know engagement and you decide, you know what, I'm going to take a break from what, I'm going to take a break from what, I'm going to take a break from this. Yeah, well, I could get into all this. Yeah, well, I could get into all this. Yeah, well, I could get into all the talk about all that. Sorry, I'm not the talk about all that. Sorry, I'm not the talk about all that. Sorry, I'm not going to go on on a on a tangent, but going to go on on a on a tangent, but going to go on on a on a tangent, but it's one of those like it's one of those like it's one of those like they're not just suffice it to say, they're not just suffice it to say, they're not just suffice it to say, they're not helpful. Please don't get they're not helpful. Please don't get they're not helpful. Please don't get into that. But I want to do I want to do into that. But I want to do I want to do into that. But I want to do I want to do it the right way because so many people it the right way because so many people it the right way because so many people it gets into those and it just turns it gets into those and it just turns it gets into those and it just turns into this like engagement group and I into this like engagement group and I into this like engagement group and I just that is that is cringy and that just that is that is cringy and that just that is that is cringy and that doesn't work. So I want to do it. doesn't work. So I want to do it. doesn't work. So I want to do it. [sighs and gasps] I just I got to figure [sighs and gasps] I just I got to figure [sighs and gasps] I just I got to figure out how I want to do it though because I out how I want to do it though because I out how I want to do it though because I I would love to see like I see so many I would love to see like I see so many I would love to see like I see so many other creators that I can tell they're other creators that I can tell they're other creators that I can tell they're like trying and wanting to do this and like trying and wanting to do this and like trying and wanting to do this and I'm like there are so many little tweaks I'm like there are so many little tweaks I'm like there are so many little tweaks you could do to help yourself grow and you could do to help yourself grow and you could do to help yourself grow and be able to actually be able to actually be able to actually cuz as a creator you do have to make cuz as a creator you do have to make cuz as a creator you do have to make money. Like there are so many moms I see money. Like there are so many moms I see money. Like there are so many moms I see wanting to do this. I see so many moms wanting to do this. I see so many moms wanting to do this. I see so many moms that want to do this so they can stay that want to do this so they can stay that want to do this so they can stay home with their babies and I'm like, home with their babies and I'm like, home with their babies and I'm like, man, like you could do this and this and man, like you could do this and this and man, like you could do this and this and this and this little tweak and with your this and this little tweak and with your this and this little tweak and with your small a you don't have to and Okay, one small a you don't have to and Okay, one small a you don't have to and Okay, one last thing. The big thing is you don't last thing. The big thing is you don't last thing. The big thing is you don't have to have a big audience to make a have to have a big audience to make a have to have a big audience to make a lot of money. That's all I'm going to lot of money. That's all I'm going to lot of money. That's all I'm going to say. I just I I want to say it out loud say. I just I I want to say it out loud say. I just I I want to say it out loud because a lot of people think, oh, well, because a lot of people think, oh, well, because a lot of people think, oh, well, you have to have hundreds of thousands you have to have hundreds of thousands you have to have hundreds of thousands of subscribers to make money. There's no of subscribers to make money. There's no of subscribers to make money. There's no way you can make money and be a small way you can make money and be a small way you can make money and be a small creator. Yes, you can. There are lots of creator. Yes, you can. There are lots of creator. Yes, you can. There are lots of ways. There are lots of content that you ways. There are lots of content that you ways. There are lots of content that you don't even have to put out forward don't even have to put out forward don't even have to put out forward facing. There there's there's just a lot facing. There there's there's just a lot facing. There there's there's just a lot out there that a lot of people don't out there that a lot of people don't out there that a lot of people don't know about. And I Yeah, I I would love know about. And I Yeah, I I would love know about. And I Yeah, I I would love to see so many of those people that get to see so many of those people that get to see so many of those people that get across the finish line. Um but it's one across the finish line. Um but it's one across the finish line. Um but it's one of those I'm like I got to put my oxygen of those I'm like I got to put my oxygen of those I'm like I got to put my oxygen mask on first. I got to take care of my mask on first. I got to take care of my mask on first. I got to take care of my family. I have to be a mom first and so family. I have to be a mom first and so family. I have to be a mom first and so I've got to figure but I want to figure I've got to figure but I want to figure I've got to figure but I want to figure that out cuz I'm like I wanted to do it that out cuz I'm like I wanted to do it that out cuz I'm like I wanted to do it in 2025. I'm like how can I do this? How in 2025. I'm like how can I do this? How in 2025. I'm like how can I do this? How can I do this? How can I do this? Where can I do this? How can I do this? Where can I do this? How can I do this? Where can I squeeze this in? But I want to do can I squeeze this in? But I want to do can I squeeze this in? But I want to do it in 2026. it in 2026. it in 2026. very long-winded answer to say yes. I very long-winded answer to say yes. I very long-winded answer to say yes. I want to do something. I want I want to want to do something. I want I want to want to do something. I want I want to do something so bad cuz I'm like I want do something so bad cuz I'm like I want do something so bad cuz I'm like I want to help other people out. I don't want to help other people out. I don't want to help other people out. I don't want to gatekeep. I want to just be like come to gatekeep. I want to just be like come to gatekeep. I want to just be like come on. Come with me. I'm I'm not trying to on. Come with me. I'm I'm not trying to on. Come with me. I'm I'm not trying to blow up and be better than everybody blow up and be better than everybody blow up and be better than everybody else or bigger than everybody else or else or bigger than everybody else or else or bigger than everybody else or whatever. And I I I want to take you whatever. And I I I want to take you whatever. And I I I want to take you with me. And I have some friends that with me. And I have some friends that with me. And I have some friends that are creators and like we'll chat and are creators and like we'll chat and are creators and like we'll chat and message each other and help each other message each other and help each other message each other and help each other back and forth. And I'm just like I just back and forth. And I'm just like I just back and forth. And I'm just like I just I want to I just I want to bring you I want to I just I want to bring you I want to I just I want to bring you with me. like let's do this, like you with me. like let's do this, like you with me. like let's do this, like you can do this. Um, and so yeah, I just I can do this. Um, and so yeah, I just I can do this. Um, and so yeah, I just I love seeing other people succeed. I'm love seeing other people succeed. I'm love seeing other people succeed. I'm I'm not into this whole scarcity I'm not into this whole scarcity I'm not into this whole scarcity mentality of if I succeed, someone else mentality of if I succeed, someone else mentality of if I succeed, someone else can't. Or if she's succeeding, I can't can't. Or if she's succeeding, I can't can't. Or if she's succeeding, I can't succeed. If someone's watching her succeed. If someone's watching her succeed. If someone's watching her videos, she they won't watch mine. No. videos, she they won't watch mine. No. videos, she they won't watch mine. No. Get that scarcity crap out of your head. Get that scarcity crap out of your head. Get that scarcity crap out of your head. Yeah. Okay, next one. This [laughter] Yeah. Okay, next one. This [laughter] Yeah. Okay, next one. This [laughter] we're really deep here. Um, okay. we're really deep here. Um, okay. we're really deep here. Um, okay. Another question is, "How did you get Another question is, "How did you get Another question is, "How did you get past the impostor syndrome of vlogging past the impostor syndrome of vlogging past the impostor syndrome of vlogging and posting?" Um, um, I'm gonna need to circle back on um, I'm gonna need to circle back on um, I'm gonna need to circle back on that cuz I still feel like I have that. that cuz I still feel like I have that. that cuz I still feel like I have that. There are, There are, There are, and poor Dean can tell you. [laughter] and poor Dean can tell you. [laughter] and poor Dean can tell you. [laughter] Um, there are some days I'm like, I know Um, there are some days I'm like, I know Um, there are some days I'm like, I know what I'm doing. I know what I'm talking what I'm doing. I know what I'm talking what I'm doing. I know what I'm talking about. Like, I'm going to do this or I'm about. Like, I'm going to do this or I'm about. Like, I'm going to do this or I'm going to do that. And I feel so going to do that. And I feel so going to do that. And I feel so confident in myself as a creator and my confident in myself as a creator and my confident in myself as a creator and my knowledge and I'm like, I have value and knowledge and I'm like, I have value and knowledge and I'm like, I have value and I can help people and so I'm going to do I can help people and so I'm going to do I can help people and so I'm going to do it. And then there are other days that I it. And then there are other days that I it. And then there are other days that I am literally crying in my bathroom am literally crying in my bathroom am literally crying in my bathroom because because because I feel like an absolute like I don't I feel like an absolute like I don't I feel like an absolute like I don't belong. I'm like, well, so many other belong. I'm like, well, so many other belong. I'm like, well, so many other people. And it's it's so easy as a people. And it's it's so easy as a people. And it's it's so easy as a creator to get caught up in that creator to get caught up in that creator to get caught up in that comparison trap. And the biggest thing comparison trap. And the biggest thing comparison trap. And the biggest thing that I saw recently that really helped that I saw recently that really helped that I saw recently that really helped me as someone talking about that and me as someone talking about that and me as someone talking about that and they were talking about the fact that if they were talking about the fact that if they were talking about the fact that if you are consuming more than you are you are consuming more than you are you are consuming more than you are creating, you are going to fall into the creating, you are going to fall into the creating, you are going to fall into the comparison trap. You have got to be you. comparison trap. You have got to be you. comparison trap. You have got to be you. You have got to just pick up the camera, You have got to just pick up the camera, You have got to just pick up the camera, press record and share it for the people press record and share it for the people press record and share it for the people that you are trying to help. Knowing that you are trying to help. Knowing that you are trying to help. Knowing your why. My why is for one to capture your why. My why is for one to capture your why. My why is for one to capture memories of my family and number two is memories of my family and number two is memories of my family and number two is to help other families, help other to help other families, help other to help other families, help other parents that are traveling or going to parents that are traveling or going to parents that are traveling or going to Disney or getting through the life, Disney or getting through the life, Disney or getting through the life, their life at home and doing things and their life at home and doing things and their life at home and doing things and trying to make their home magical or trying to make their home magical or trying to make their home magical or whatever. Those are the people that I whatever. Those are the people that I whatever. Those are the people that I hit record for and I want to share hit record for and I want to share hit record for and I want to share because you have value. I have value. We because you have value. I have value. We because you have value. I have value. We all have value in our own special unique all have value in our own special unique all have value in our own special unique way. And everybody's not going to love way. And everybody's not going to love way. And everybody's not going to love it. Everybody's not going to agree with it. Everybody's not going to agree with it. Everybody's not going to agree with it because that's the beauty of us as it because that's the beauty of us as it because that's the beauty of us as humans. We're all unique and we're all humans. We're all unique and we're all humans. We're all unique and we're all amazing in our own way. But you have a amazing in our own way. But you have a amazing in our own way. But you have a tribe of people that are out there or a tribe of people that are out there or a tribe of people that are out there or a fam or whatever. Like I you you guys are fam or whatever. Like I you you guys are fam or whatever. Like I you you guys are my fam. So I call you my fam, but some my fam. So I call you my fam, but some my fam. So I call you my fam, but some people are like tribe or whatever. And people are like tribe or whatever. And people are like tribe or whatever. And I'm like no, you guys are my fam. But I'm like no, you guys are my fam. But I'm like no, you guys are my fam. But that they're out there like and I'm so that they're out there like and I'm so that they're out there like and I'm so grateful I found mine. And so I hope you grateful I found mine. And so I hope you grateful I found mine. And so I hope you find yours. Um, I don't really have any find yours. Um, I don't really have any find yours. Um, I don't really have any tips. Just knowing that you have value tips. Just knowing that you have value tips. Just knowing that you have value and knowing who you are as a creator, and knowing who you are as a creator, and knowing who you are as a creator, what you bring to the table, what you what you bring to the table, what you what you bring to the table, what you can bring to other people, and seriously can bring to other people, and seriously can bring to other people, and seriously pressing record because you don't know pressing record because you don't know pressing record because you don't know who's out there that it's going to help. who's out there that it's going to help. who's out there that it's going to help. The amount of families that I have met The amount of families that I have met The amount of families that I have met in Disney or I've got messages from of in Disney or I've got messages from of in Disney or I've got messages from of like, you saved our vacation. We felt so like, you saved our vacation. We felt so like, you saved our vacation. We felt so prepared. We felt we felt so confident prepared. We felt we felt so confident prepared. We felt we felt so confident going into this and going through our going into this and going through our going into this and going through our trip. It would not have been this. If we trip. It would not have been this. If we trip. It would not have been this. If we didn't know XYZ and we learned that from didn't know XYZ and we learned that from didn't know XYZ and we learned that from your videos and that's why you do what your videos and that's why you do what your videos and that's why you do what you do or at least for me that's why I you do or at least for me that's why I you do or at least for me that's why I do what I do is because we've made those do what I do is because we've made those do what I do is because we've made those Disney mistakes. We've made those Disney mistakes. We've made those Disney mistakes. We've made those things. We've done the stuff at home and things. We've done the stuff at home and things. We've done the stuff at home and it's like I want to share that so that it's like I want to share that so that it's like I want to share that so that someone else doesn't have to go through someone else doesn't have to go through someone else doesn't have to go through that. And like if it's a simple thing that. And like if it's a simple thing that. And like if it's a simple thing that I can share and that person can that I can share and that person can that I can share and that person can also have that knowledge, I think go for also have that knowledge, I think go for also have that knowledge, I think go for it. And it's [sighs] it. And it's [sighs] it. And it's [sighs] I'm going to cry for the third time in I'm going to cry for the third time in I'm going to cry for the third time in this video. There's there's also the this video. There's there's also the this video. There's there's also the messages of the ones that you're not messages of the ones that you're not messages of the ones that you're not expecting cuz for me, I'm here and I'm expecting cuz for me, I'm here and I'm expecting cuz for me, I'm here and I'm filming for those that are going to filming for those that are going to filming for those that are going to Disney and helping them plan their Disney and helping them plan their Disney and helping them plan their trips. But I've had trips. But I've had trips. But I've had I've had so many moms even message me I've had so many moms even message me I've had so many moms even message me and comment and things where and comment and things where and comment and things where they've been going through literal they've been going through literal they've been going through literal depression or postpartum depression or depression or postpartum depression or depression or postpartum depression or just feelings of inadequacy or all these just feelings of inadequacy or all these just feelings of inadequacy or all these different things and just having such a different things and just having such a different things and just having such a hard time in life and they'll be like, hard time in life and they'll be like, hard time in life and they'll be like, "You brought so much joy." "You brought so much joy." "You brought so much joy." And knowing that me sitting here in my And knowing that me sitting here in my And knowing that me sitting here in my guest bedroom like you don't feel like guest bedroom like you don't feel like guest bedroom like you don't feel like you're bringing joy. I don't feel like you're bringing joy. I don't feel like you're bringing joy. I don't feel like I'm bringing joy. I don't necessarily I'm bringing joy. I don't necessarily I'm bringing joy. I don't necessarily always feel like I'm bringing value, but always feel like I'm bringing value, but always feel like I'm bringing value, but you do more than you know, and you help you do more than you know, and you help you do more than you know, and you help people more than you know. So, let your people more than you know. So, let your people more than you know. So, let your light shine and just hit record. Um, you light shine and just hit record. Um, you light shine and just hit record. Um, you won't always feel like it. This is a won't always feel like it. This is a won't always feel like it. This is a really long-winded answer to answer this really long-winded answer to answer this really long-winded answer to answer this question, but I just [sighs] question, but I just [sighs] question, but I just [sighs] I it's something that I struggle with, I it's something that I struggle with, I it's something that I struggle with, but I also have such a passion for but I also have such a passion for but I also have such a passion for wanting to help other people and wanting to help other people and wanting to help other people and especially help other moms. I know especially help other moms. I know especially help other moms. I know there's dads here. I love the dads. Um, there's dads here. I love the dads. Um, there's dads here. I love the dads. Um, but my first and foremost like is is my but my first and foremost like is is my but my first and foremost like is is my fellow mamas. Like I I love you ladies fellow mamas. Like I I love you ladies fellow mamas. Like I I love you ladies and I'm so grateful to have you guys and I'm so grateful to have you guys and I'm so grateful to have you guys here and to have played any small part here and to have played any small part here and to have played any small part in bringing joy into your life or being in bringing joy into your life or being in bringing joy into your life or being helpful is just it's such an honor. Um, helpful is just it's such an honor. Um, helpful is just it's such an honor. Um, so yeah, there's that. Okay, so yeah, there's that. Okay, so yeah, there's that. Okay, you guys were bringing the big ones. you guys were bringing the big ones. you guys were bringing the big ones. Like why couldn't it be like what's your Like why couldn't it be like what's your Like why couldn't it be like what's your favorite color? Who's your favorite favorite color? Who's your favorite favorite color? Who's your favorite Disney character? [snorts] Disney character? [snorts] Disney character? [snorts] You guys had all the deep ones today. Oh You guys had all the deep ones today. Oh You guys had all the deep ones today. Oh my gosh. Okay, here's something a little my gosh. Okay, here's something a little my gosh. Okay, here's something a little more normal. Which Disney resorts have more normal. Which Disney resorts have more normal. Which Disney resorts have the best pools for kids in your opinion? the best pools for kids in your opinion? the best pools for kids in your opinion? Okay, so this is coming from a mom that Okay, so this is coming from a mom that Okay, so this is coming from a mom that had kids that did not like splash pads had kids that did not like splash pads had kids that did not like splash pads until like last year. until like last year. until like last year. They hated them. So all the ones that They hated them. So all the ones that They hated them. So all the ones that normally people are like, "Oh my gosh, normally people are like, "Oh my gosh, normally people are like, "Oh my gosh, this has a special splash pad for kids." this has a special splash pad for kids." this has a special splash pad for kids." They hated it. Caribbean Beach, hated They hated it. Caribbean Beach, hated They hated it. Caribbean Beach, hated it. Um, let's see. Grand Fian hated it. it. Um, let's see. Grand Fian hated it. it. Um, let's see. Grand Fian hated it. Uh what's another one with a big dumping Uh what's another one with a big dumping Uh what's another one with a big dumping bucket? Um they liked Poly decently. bucket? Um they liked Poly decently. bucket? Um they liked Poly decently. Their their dumping buckets are smaller. Their their dumping buckets are smaller. Their their dumping buckets are smaller. Um the one Oh, what's another one? Um the one Oh, what's another one? Um the one Oh, what's another one? Riviera. Everybody likes that pool. No. Riviera. Everybody likes that pool. No. Riviera. Everybody likes that pool. No. Um a lot of the like heavy hitters that Um a lot of the like heavy hitters that Um a lot of the like heavy hitters that you see on the top of a lot of people's you see on the top of a lot of people's you see on the top of a lot of people's list, they were like no. Um my girls list, they were like no. Um my girls list, they were like no. Um my girls loved the one at um Pop Century. There's loved the one at um Pop Century. There's loved the one at um Pop Century. There's one that's it's literally shaped like a one that's it's literally shaped like a one that's it's literally shaped like a flower petal. It has little water flower petal. It has little water flower petal. It has little water spraying out of it. It's really cute, spraying out of it. It's really cute, spraying out of it. It's really cute, especially if I have toddlers. It is especially if I have toddlers. It is especially if I have toddlers. It is perfect. Zero entry into it. They can perfect. Zero entry into it. They can perfect. Zero entry into it. They can splash. They can play. You can take some splash. They can play. You can take some splash. They can play. You can take some little toys. I'll take the little um little toys. I'll take the little um little toys. I'll take the little um collapsible cups or if you want to buy a collapsible cups or if you want to buy a collapsible cups or if you want to buy a little souvenir toy that you can bring little souvenir toy that you can bring little souvenir toy that you can bring home. They will have the buckets of the home. They will have the buckets of the home. They will have the buckets of the toys. And so we'll get those. And toys. And so we'll get those. And toys. And so we'll get those. And thankfully now they don't have holes in thankfully now they don't have holes in thankfully now they don't have holes in the bottom of them. At least most of the bottom of them. At least most of the bottom of them. At least most of them that we've come across don't. So, them that we've come across don't. So, them that we've come across don't. So, you can get those and it's like they're you can get those and it's like they're you can get those and it's like they're a little toy souvenir and they get to a little toy souvenir and they get to a little toy souvenir and they get to bring it home and play in the bathtub bring it home and play in the bathtub bring it home and play in the bathtub with it all the time. Um, but play with with it all the time. Um, but play with with it all the time. Um, but play with those and those sorts of things. They those and those sorts of things. They those and those sorts of things. They have little splashing things. Those were have little splashing things. Those were have little splashing things. Those were great. Um, if you're staying at a uh great. Um, if you're staying at a uh great. Um, if you're staying at a uh moderate, we really like the one at um moderate, we really like the one at um moderate, we really like the one at um French Quarter. That one's really good. French Quarter. That one's really good. French Quarter. That one's really good. Uh, it does have a small dumping bucket, Uh, it does have a small dumping bucket, Uh, it does have a small dumping bucket, but most of it is just like slides and but most of it is just like slides and but most of it is just like slides and little spraying water. It's all zero little spraying water. It's all zero little spraying water. It's all zero gravity. And then uh or zero entry, not gravity. And then uh or zero entry, not gravity. And then uh or zero entry, not zero gravity. Um that's [laughter] no zero gravity. Um that's [laughter] no zero gravity. Um that's [laughter] no doesn't really work. Um and then oh doesn't really work. Um and then oh doesn't really work. Um and then oh what's the other one? Uh if you're stay what's the other one? Uh if you're stay what's the other one? Uh if you're stay Oh, Kadani to me. Animal Kingdom Lodge Oh, Kadani to me. Animal Kingdom Lodge Oh, Kadani to me. Animal Kingdom Lodge Kadani is amazing. It is like a Kadani is amazing. It is like a Kadani is amazing. It is like a playground with water. There's It's playground with water. There's It's playground with water. There's It's huge. It's the biggest one on property. huge. It's the biggest one on property. huge. It's the biggest one on property. So cute. It's amazing. So that that So cute. It's amazing. So that that So cute. It's amazing. So that that would be like for the different would be like for the different would be like for the different categories. That would be my favorites. categories. That would be my favorites. categories. That would be my favorites. Um let's see. the Beexter 89, which Um let's see. the Beexter 89, which Um let's see. the Beexter 89, which thank you for being here. I've seen your thank you for being here. I've seen your thank you for being here. I've seen your username forever. So, yeah. And that's username forever. So, yeah. And that's username forever. So, yeah. And that's the thing. I I love meeting you guys. the thing. I I love meeting you guys. the thing. I I love meeting you guys. And if you meet me, please tell me your And if you meet me, please tell me your And if you meet me, please tell me your username so that cuz like if you comment username so that cuz like if you comment username so that cuz like if you comment on videos or you engage that way, I can on videos or you engage that way, I can on videos or you engage that way, I can know cuz I just it's so cool to put a know cuz I just it's so cool to put a know cuz I just it's so cool to put a face to the name cuz it's like, "Oh my face to the name cuz it's like, "Oh my face to the name cuz it's like, "Oh my gosh, I know you." And it's like I've gosh, I know you." And it's like I've gosh, I know you." And it's like I've seen people out and they I'm like, seen people out and they I'm like, seen people out and they I'm like, "Okay, but what's your what's your "Okay, but what's your what's your "Okay, but what's your what's your YouTube handle?" Cuz I can't see your YouTube handle?" Cuz I can't see your YouTube handle?" Cuz I can't see your face. And I'm like, "It's so nice to face. And I'm like, "It's so nice to face. And I'm like, "It's so nice to meet you. What's your username?" And meet you. What's your username?" And meet you. What's your username?" And they'll be like, "Oh yeah, I comment all they'll be like, "Oh yeah, I comment all they'll be like, "Oh yeah, I comment all the time. I'm blah blah blah." And it's the time. I'm blah blah blah." And it's the time. I'm blah blah blah." And it's like, "It's so nice to meet you." Like, like, "It's so nice to meet you." Like, like, "It's so nice to meet you." Like, "It's nice to meet you either way, "It's nice to meet you either way, "It's nice to meet you either way, whether you comment or you don't, or you whether you comment or you don't, or you whether you comment or you don't, or you just enjoy the videos or you're a silent just enjoy the videos or you're a silent just enjoy the videos or you're a silent viewer. I appreciate all of you." But I viewer. I appreciate all of you." But I viewer. I appreciate all of you." But I just it's really cool to like have a just it's really cool to like have a just it's really cool to like have a username that you're used to seeing. And username that you're used to seeing. And username that you're used to seeing. And that I don't know, it feels like you're that I don't know, it feels like you're that I don't know, it feels like you're getting to meet a longlost pen pal or getting to meet a longlost pen pal or getting to meet a longlost pen pal or something. I don't know. It's just it's something. I don't know. It's just it's something. I don't know. It's just it's cool. Um, what are the girls loving at cool. Um, what are the girls loving at cool. Um, what are the girls loving at what rides the girls are loving at this what rides the girls are loving at this what rides the girls are loving at this age? [sighs and gasps] Words. I'm too c age? [sighs and gasps] Words. I'm too c age? [sighs and gasps] Words. I'm too c like I'm halfway into this coffee and like I'm halfway into this coffee and like I'm halfway into this coffee and I'm like, okay, so the girls are loving I'm like, okay, so the girls are loving I'm like, okay, so the girls are loving Lucy's favorite ride right now is Flight Lucy's favorite ride right now is Flight Lucy's favorite ride right now is Flight of Passage at Animal Kingdom. Um, of of Passage at Animal Kingdom. Um, of of Passage at Animal Kingdom. Um, of course, it's the like most popular ride course, it's the like most popular ride course, it's the like most popular ride there. there. there. like you couldn't have like a low like you couldn't have like a low like you couldn't have like a low popularity ride that you just love. Uh popularity ride that you just love. Uh popularity ride that you just love. Uh but no, she loves the long one with the but no, she loves the long one with the but no, she loves the long one with the long wait. And so yeah, she is obsessed long wait. And so yeah, she is obsessed long wait. And so yeah, she is obsessed with that. Um I'm like she keeps asking with that. Um I'm like she keeps asking with that. Um I'm like she keeps asking to watch the movies and I'm like to watch the movies and I'm like to watch the movies and I'm like I don't know that you're old enough for I don't know that you're old enough for I don't know that you're old enough for that. And also like I Yeah. And there's that. And also like I Yeah. And there's that. And also like I Yeah. And there's like language and I'm just like I don't like language and I'm just like I don't like language and I'm just like I don't you're six. You're not ready for that. you're six. You're not ready for that. you're six. You're not ready for that. Um so she loves that one. Uh, both of Um so she loves that one. Uh, both of Um so she loves that one. Uh, both of them. Um, for those that are new, I have them. Um, for those that are new, I have them. Um, for those that are new, I have a four-year-old and a six-year-old. They a four-year-old and a six-year-old. They a four-year-old and a six-year-old. They both love Mine Train at Magic Kingdom. both love Mine Train at Magic Kingdom. both love Mine Train at Magic Kingdom. Bella really likes Tiana's in Magic Bella really likes Tiana's in Magic Bella really likes Tiana's in Magic Kingdom. Lucy does not, oddly. She's Kingdom. Lucy does not, oddly. She's Kingdom. Lucy does not, oddly. She's like, I'm not the biggest fan of the like, I'm not the biggest fan of the like, I'm not the biggest fan of the drop. She'll ride it for her sister, but drop. She'll ride it for her sister, but drop. She'll ride it for her sister, but she doesn't love it. And Bella loves she doesn't love it. And Bella loves she doesn't love it. And Bella loves Test Track. She's like, I I can't wait Test Track. She's like, I I can't wait Test Track. She's like, I I can't wait to go ride Test Track again. That's to go ride Test Track again. That's to go ride Test Track again. That's literally, she was telling me this literally, she was telling me this literally, she was telling me this morning, she's like, I'm so excited for morning, she's like, I'm so excited for morning, she's like, I'm so excited for Test Track, Mommy. It's going to be so Test Track, Mommy. It's going to be so Test Track, Mommy. It's going to be so fun. And so, yeah, that's that's where fun. And so, yeah, that's that's where fun. And so, yeah, that's that's where they're at with with rides right now, they're at with with rides right now, they're at with with rides right now, which is it kind of es and flows of like which is it kind of es and flows of like which is it kind of es and flows of like what we love and what we don't. And it what we love and what we don't. And it what we love and what we don't. And it can vary from trip to trip. All right. can vary from trip to trip. All right. can vary from trip to trip. All right. Jess Camp wanted to know early entry Jess Camp wanted to know early entry Jess Camp wanted to know early entry rope drop with a six and a fouryear-old. rope drop with a six and a fouryear-old. rope drop with a six and a fouryear-old. So, we do it all the time. Any of our So, we do it all the time. Any of our So, we do it all the time. Any of our vlogs, like if you want to know our vlogs, like if you want to know our vlogs, like if you want to know our itinerary strategy ideas for that stuff, itinerary strategy ideas for that stuff, itinerary strategy ideas for that stuff, seriously, the those vlogs, it it'll be seriously, the those vlogs, it it'll be seriously, the those vlogs, it it'll be in the beginning cuz it's the first part in the beginning cuz it's the first part in the beginning cuz it's the first part of the day. Um, if you're want Magic of the day. Um, if you're want Magic of the day. Um, if you're want Magic Kingdom, we've got different ones for Kingdom, we've got different ones for Kingdom, we've got different ones for the different parks, so it just depends the different parks, so it just depends the different parks, so it just depends on which early entry you're going to, on which early entry you're going to, on which early entry you're going to, but we love it. I know some people don't but we love it. I know some people don't but we love it. I know some people don't love it, but our kids get up early or love it, but our kids get up early or love it, but our kids get up early or they handle getting up early depending they handle getting up early depending they handle getting up early depending on like what what we've [clears throat] on like what what we've [clears throat] on like what what we've [clears throat] done that day or the day before, but done that day or the day before, but done that day or the day before, but they do really well with that. And so, they do really well with that. And so, they do really well with that. And so, it works for us. I know some people it works for us. I know some people it works for us. I know some people their kids sleep in all the time, but their kids sleep in all the time, but their kids sleep in all the time, but then I know some that they're up at 5:00 then I know some that they're up at 5:00 then I know some that they're up at 5:00 a.m., so they're like, "We're up. We a.m., so they're like, "We're up. We a.m., so they're like, "We're up. We might as well go do something." So, it might as well go do something." So, it might as well go do something." So, it just depends on what bucket you fall in. just depends on what bucket you fall in. just depends on what bucket you fall in. Um, but we love it. So, if you're Um, but we love it. So, if you're Um, but we love it. So, if you're looking for those, I don't want to go looking for those, I don't want to go looking for those, I don't want to go into it. I've already been filming for into it. I've already been filming for into it. I've already been filming for Um, bringing strollers on the cruise, Um, bringing strollers on the cruise, Um, bringing strollers on the cruise, uh, bringing strollers onto the cruise uh, bringing strollers onto the cruise uh, bringing strollers onto the cruise if you combine with a Disney World trip. if you combine with a Disney World trip. if you combine with a Disney World trip. So, we try to do a compactish option if So, we try to do a compactish option if So, we try to do a compactish option if we're doing just like a day in the parks we're doing just like a day in the parks we're doing just like a day in the parks or something just so we have something. or something just so we have something. or something just so we have something. If you're doing an extended time, I If you're doing an extended time, I If you're doing an extended time, I would bring your regular stroller. Like would bring your regular stroller. Like would bring your regular stroller. Like for us, if we were going to sandwich for us, if we were going to sandwich for us, if we were going to sandwich multiple days in the parks with a Disney multiple days in the parks with a Disney multiple days in the parks with a Disney cruise um whatever order, I would bring cruise um whatever order, I would bring cruise um whatever order, I would bring our side by side Juvie. I can link it our side by side Juvie. I can link it our side by side Juvie. I can link it down below. It's the RS2. We love it. I down below. It's the RS2. We love it. I down below. It's the RS2. We love it. I think it's back in stock. At least as think it's back in stock. At least as think it's back in stock. At least as I'm filming this video, it's back in I'm filming this video, it's back in I'm filming this video, it's back in stock. It's like in and out all the stock. It's like in and out all the stock. It's like in and out all the time. But it is seriously my favorite time. But it is seriously my favorite time. But it is seriously my favorite one. It is strong. It is sturdy. It's one. It is strong. It is sturdy. It's one. It is strong. It is sturdy. It's not It's not heavy, but it's not as not It's not heavy, but it's not as not It's not heavy, but it's not as lightweight as some of its competitors. lightweight as some of its competitors. lightweight as some of its competitors. Um, but it's also not tippy like a lot Um, but it's also not tippy like a lot Um, but it's also not tippy like a lot of its competitors. If you know, you of its competitors. If you know, you of its competitors. If you know, you know. Um, I have seen so many kids go know. Um, I have seen so many kids go know. Um, I have seen so many kids go like that in a Zoey [clears throat] like that in a Zoey [clears throat] like that in a Zoey [clears throat] stroller. Everybody loves those. I feel stroller. Everybody loves those. I feel stroller. Everybody loves those. I feel like people love those. I I It's just like people love those. I I It's just like people love those. I I It's just too light for my good, but that's just too light for my good, but that's just too light for my good, but that's just me. Everybody loves their own thing, so me. Everybody loves their own thing, so me. Everybody loves their own thing, so that's okay. Um, but I would bring that that's okay. Um, but I would bring that that's okay. Um, but I would bring that if we're going to do a long stent or if if we're going to do a long stent or if if we're going to do a long stent or if you can afford to do it, you can tack it you can afford to do it, you can tack it you can afford to do it, you can tack it into your trip budget is to rent a into your trip budget is to rent a into your trip budget is to rent a stroller. I can share my favorite rental stroller. I can share my favorite rental stroller. I can share my favorite rental company down below. Um, it is Baby Quip. company down below. Um, it is Baby Quip. company down below. Um, it is Baby Quip. There's lots of different providers, There's lots of different providers, There's lots of different providers, lots of different options. They have the lots of different options. They have the lots of different options. They have the most variety out of all of the different most variety out of all of the different most variety out of all of the different like rental companies that I've seen. like rental companies that I've seen. like rental companies that I've seen. Um, so I will link them down below so Um, so I will link them down below so Um, so I will link them down below so you can go over and check them out. But you can go over and check them out. But you can go over and check them out. But I would, if it's in your budget, that's I would, if it's in your budget, that's I would, if it's in your budget, that's another option is to rent a stroller another option is to rent a stroller another option is to rent a stroller like that. Um, and then maybe like take like that. Um, and then maybe like take like that. Um, and then maybe like take a compact for through the airport on the a compact for through the airport on the a compact for through the airport on the cruise, like doing the ports, things cruise, like doing the ports, things cruise, like doing the ports, things like that. Um, but for the most part on like that. Um, but for the most part on like that. Um, but for the most part on the cruise, like a tush baby or a sling the cruise, like a tush baby or a sling the cruise, like a tush baby or a sling like we have that I share like almost like we have that I share like almost like we have that I share like almost all my packing videos, like the the all my packing videos, like the the all my packing videos, like the the sling that we use, and again, I can link sling that we use, and again, I can link sling that we use, and again, I can link that I can link some of our favorites that I can link some of our favorites that I can link some of our favorites down below, but those things, um, I down below, but those things, um, I down below, but those things, um, I would use that over a stroller on the would use that over a stroller on the would use that over a stroller on the cruise ship. Um, it just gives you a cruise ship. Um, it just gives you a cruise ship. Um, it just gives you a little bit more flexibility. You don't little bit more flexibility. You don't little bit more flexibility. You don't have to like avoid stairs as much and have to like avoid stairs as much and have to like avoid stairs as much and things like that. So, and it can get things like that. So, and it can get things like that. So, and it can get crowded and hard to maneuver at certain crowded and hard to maneuver at certain crowded and hard to maneuver at certain points of the day, especially if it's points of the day, especially if it's points of the day, especially if it's like a really congested time of like a really congested time of like a really congested time of everybody's going to dinner or doing everybody's going to dinner or doing everybody's going to dinner or doing this or that. Um, it is doable, but it this or that. Um, it is doable, but it this or that. Um, it is doable, but it can make it a little more difficult. can make it a little more difficult. can make it a little more difficult. That would be my suggestion is if you've That would be my suggestion is if you've That would be my suggestion is if you've got to take it, you can always collapse got to take it, you can always collapse got to take it, you can always collapse it and slide it under the bed if you're it and slide it under the bed if you're it and slide it under the bed if you're taking the bigger stroller or you can um taking the bigger stroller or you can um taking the bigger stroller or you can um collapse it depending on the stroller, collapse it depending on the stroller, collapse it depending on the stroller, take it apart. We took our Vista in take it apart. We took our Vista in take it apart. We took our Vista in double mode one time and we had to take double mode one time and we had to take double mode one time and we had to take the wheels off of it and the seats and the wheels off of it and the seats and the wheels off of it and the seats and everything to get it in the door of the everything to get it in the door of the everything to get it in the door of the state room, but once we were in there, state room, but once we were in there, state room, but once we were in there, we were able to put it in the closet and we were able to put it in the closet and we were able to put it in the closet and it was fine for the length of our it was fine for the length of our it was fine for the length of our cruise. Um, going to any Disney cruise. Um, going to any Disney cruise. Um, going to any Disney International International International uh going to any My god, words. Why can't uh going to any My god, words. Why can't uh going to any My god, words. Why can't I read today? Going to any international I read today? Going to any international I read today? Going to any international Disney trips soon? Um, Disney trips soon? Um, Disney trips soon? Um, no, probably not. no, probably not. no, probably not. Not right now. Those are expensive. Um, Not right now. Those are expensive. Um, Not right now. Those are expensive. Um, so yeah, for those that don't like so yeah, for those that don't like so yeah, for those that don't like sponsored content, just close your ears sponsored content, just close your ears sponsored content, just close your ears if anyone wants to sponsor that. I also if anyone wants to sponsor that. I also if anyone wants to sponsor that. I also had somebody that was like, I would love had somebody that was like, I would love had somebody that was like, I would love to see, cuz I put up a question box of to see, cuz I put up a question box of to see, cuz I put up a question box of what you would love to see. I would love what you would love to see. I would love what you would love to see. I would love to see a Disney Destiny concurge cruise. to see a Disney Destiny concurge cruise. to see a Disney Destiny concurge cruise. And I'm like, I would love to see that, And I'm like, I would love to see that, And I'm like, I would love to see that, too. Who wants to give me the 18K for too. Who wants to give me the 18K for too. Who wants to give me the 18K for it? Cuz that's a lot of house payments. it? Cuz that's a lot of house payments. it? Cuz that's a lot of house payments. Um I'm like what? [laughter] Like I Um I'm like what? [laughter] Like I Um I'm like what? [laughter] Like I don't don't don't Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I've looked at those and I'm like, man, I've looked at those and I'm like, man, I've looked at those and I'm like, man, I bet that would be fun. And then I I bet that would be fun. And then I I bet that would be fun. And then I quickly keep scrolling cuz I'm like quickly keep scrolling cuz I'm like quickly keep scrolling cuz I'm like there's no way. Like that's Oh, for me there's no way. Like that's Oh, for me there's no way. Like that's Oh, for me that Oh, that's a lot of money. That's a that Oh, that's a lot of money. That's a that Oh, that's a lot of money. That's a lot of money. We all have our like lot of money. We all have our like lot of money. We all have our like that's a lot of money. And for me that that's a lot of money. And for me that that's a lot of money. And for me that that just feels like a lot of money. that just feels like a lot of money. that just feels like a lot of money. [laughter] So if anybody wants to [laughter] So if anybody wants to [laughter] So if anybody wants to sponsor that, I would happily go. but sponsor that, I would happily go. but sponsor that, I would happily go. but it's a lot. Um, kids eat free in 2026 at it's a lot. Um, kids eat free in 2026 at it's a lot. Um, kids eat free in 2026 at Disney World. So, we are actually taking Disney World. So, we are actually taking Disney World. So, we are actually taking advantage of this on a few of our trips. advantage of this on a few of our trips. advantage of this on a few of our trips. I am not typically a dining plan person. I am not typically a dining plan person. I am not typically a dining plan person. I feel like you can save more money on I feel like you can save more money on I feel like you can save more money on your food. This is just a great it makes your food. This is just a great it makes your food. This is just a great it makes it feel like an all-inclusive kind of it feel like an all-inclusive kind of it feel like an all-inclusive kind of thing. That's why I don't share a lot of thing. That's why I don't share a lot of thing. That's why I don't share a lot of like dining plan content is cuz we don't like dining plan content is cuz we don't like dining plan content is cuz we don't buy it because I just buy it because I just buy it because I just I don't think it's a good deal. I I I don't think it's a good deal. I I I don't think it's a good deal. I I think you overspend on food and think you overspend on food and think you overspend on food and especially if you aren't always hungry especially if you aren't always hungry especially if you aren't always hungry and you don't always want this gigantic and you don't always want this gigantic and you don't always want this gigantic hunk of food and all this stuff like it hunk of food and all this stuff like it hunk of food and all this stuff like it just feels like a lot. There's times just feels like a lot. There's times just feels like a lot. There's times that the kids aren't really hungry. that the kids aren't really hungry. that the kids aren't really hungry. They'll split a kids meal or we'll both They'll split a kids meal or we'll both They'll split a kids meal or we'll both buy kids meals cuz we're just being able buy kids meals cuz we're just being able buy kids meals cuz we're just being able to be cheap and we're like we like it. to be cheap and we're like we like it. to be cheap and we're like we like it. It's the same thing that's on the adult It's the same thing that's on the adult It's the same thing that's on the adult menu but a smaller portion. We're not menu but a smaller portion. We're not menu but a smaller portion. We're not really hungry right now. We'd rather really hungry right now. We'd rather really hungry right now. We'd rather have a snack later. Um, but I think it's have a snack later. Um, but I think it's have a snack later. Um, but I think it's a good deal for this year though. So, if a good deal for this year though. So, if a good deal for this year though. So, if you can if you buy if you buy the dining you can if you buy if you buy the dining you can if you buy if you buy the dining plan or the even the quick service for plan or the even the quick service for plan or the even the quick service for us, we are doing the quick service on us, we are doing the quick service on us, we are doing the quick service on multiple of our trips. We've got that multiple of our trips. We've got that multiple of our trips. We've got that included um just because the kids are included um just because the kids are included um just because the kids are eating free and I'm like, "Okay, that it eating free and I'm like, "Okay, that it eating free and I'm like, "Okay, that it makes sense with this." But yeah, I makes sense with this." But yeah, I makes sense with this." But yeah, I don't and that's a whole thing. I could don't and that's a whole thing. I could don't and that's a whole thing. I could put a I could do a whole video. Um, put a I could do a whole video. Um, put a I could do a whole video. Um, thinking of getting an annual pass. How thinking of getting an annual pass. How thinking of getting an annual pass. How much do how much of a discount do you much do how much of a discount do you much do how much of a discount do you get on hotels? So, it depends throughout get on hotels? So, it depends throughout get on hotels? So, it depends throughout the year. Uh more popular times when the year. Uh more popular times when the year. Uh more popular times when they don't need to fill rooms because they don't need to fill rooms because they don't need to fill rooms because people are filling them themselves, we people are filling them themselves, we people are filling them themselves, we will get around 25 or so%. Um times when will get around 25 or so%. Um times when will get around 25 or so%. Um times when goodness, there's like a gnat in here. I goodness, there's like a gnat in here. I goodness, there's like a gnat in here. I don't know where that thing come from. don't know where that thing come from. don't know where that thing come from. Um but uh times when it's slower, like Um but uh times when it's slower, like Um but uh times when it's slower, like last summer, we got 35% off. The last summer, we got 35% off. The last summer, we got 35% off. The unfortunate side of the annual pass unfortunate side of the annual pass unfortunate side of the annual pass discounts is a lot of times the discounts is a lot of times the discounts is a lot of times the bounceback is better. It's either the bounceback is better. It's either the bounceback is better. It's either the same for some hotels, but some it's same for some hotels, but some it's same for some hotels, but some it's actually better. So, just kind of look actually better. So, just kind of look actually better. So, just kind of look at that, too. Um, just because you get at that, too. Um, just because you get at that, too. Um, just because you get the annual pass, don't discount, the annual pass, don't discount, the annual pass, don't discount, no pun intended, don't discount the no pun intended, don't discount the no pun intended, don't discount the bounceback discount. You have within 7 bounceback discount. You have within 7 bounceback discount. You have within 7 days to book another trip with the save days to book another trip with the save days to book another trip with the save on your next stay offer. um talk to your on your next stay offer. um talk to your on your next stay offer. um talk to your travel agent or you can find it in the travel agent or you can find it in the travel agent or you can find it in the Disney discounts on the website. But Disney discounts on the website. But Disney discounts on the website. But seriously, it is a huge savings for our seriously, it is a huge savings for our seriously, it is a huge savings for our family trip that we're going on with our family trip that we're going on with our family trip that we're going on with our entire family. We use that and it is entire family. We use that and it is entire family. We use that and it is saving us so much more money than even saving us so much more money than even saving us so much more money than even our annual pass discount and all that our annual pass discount and all that our annual pass discount and all that stuff could have. Um there are some stuff could have. Um there are some stuff could have. Um there are some where it's like $50 to $75 where it's like $50 to $75 where it's like $50 to $75 more off per day than the annual p more off per day than the annual p more off per day than the annual p annual passholder discount. So depending annual passholder discount. So depending annual passholder discount. So depending on like what level you stay and like on like what level you stay and like on like what level you stay and like what you're going for, what you're going for, what you're going for, that that is golden. And the fact that that that is golden. And the fact that that that is golden. And the fact that more people don't talk about it is more people don't talk about it is more people don't talk about it is crazy. And the fact that you don't have crazy. And the fact that you don't have crazy. And the fact that you don't have to just book one trip. If you're like, to just book one trip. If you're like, to just book one trip. If you're like, "Okay, I'm going in January, but I want "Okay, I'm going in January, but I want "Okay, I'm going in January, but I want to go back in the summertime and then I to go back in the summertime and then I to go back in the summertime and then I also want to go back for Christmas." You also want to go back for Christmas." You also want to go back for Christmas." You can book multiple trips there. I travel can book multiple trips there. I travel can book multiple trips there. I travel agent can correct me on this information agent can correct me on this information agent can correct me on this information if I'm wrong, but I think it's if I'm wrong, but I think it's if I'm wrong, but I think it's unlimited. like you can book as far out unlimited. like you can book as far out unlimited. like you can book as far out as the discount will go and it's through as the discount will go and it's through as the discount will go and it's through I think basically almost all of 2026 at I think basically almost all of 2026 at I think basically almost all of 2026 at this point. So you can you can use that. this point. So you can you can use that. this point. So you can you can use that. So seriously definitely have you thought about letting the girls have you thought about letting the girls have you thought about letting the girls get into pin trading. Um they're slowly get into pin trading. Um they're slowly get into pin trading. Um they're slowly coming around to it. They see pins but coming around to it. They see pins but coming around to it. They see pins but I'm just like I'm kind of like letting I'm just like I'm kind of like letting I'm just like I'm kind of like letting them and stuff like that see what they them and stuff like that see what they them and stuff like that see what they like and like if they want to like like and like if they want to like like and like if they want to like they'll look at pins in gift shops but they'll look at pins in gift shops but they'll look at pins in gift shops but they're never like oh mommy can we buy they're never like oh mommy can we buy they're never like oh mommy can we buy these? Can we buy these? Can we buy these? Can we buy these? Can we buy these? Can we buy these? Can we buy these? And so I'm just like I'm just these? And so I'm just like I'm just these? And so I'm just like I'm just letting you like you find your thing letting you like you find your thing letting you like you find your thing without me being like, "Oh, there's pins without me being like, "Oh, there's pins without me being like, "Oh, there's pins or like here's this or that." And like or like here's this or that." And like or like here's this or that." And like trying to like push that on them. So trying to like push that on them. So trying to like push that on them. So there's that. Why are there gaps in some there's that. Why are there gaps in some there's that. Why are there gaps in some of the videos like the mom and dad trip? of the videos like the mom and dad trip? of the videos like the mom and dad trip? So with that one, we had issues with our So with that one, we had issues with our So with that one, we had issues with our footage. footage. footage. Technical difficulties. Uh then I was Technical difficulties. Uh then I was Technical difficulties. Uh then I was ready to throw my computer out the ready to throw my computer out the ready to throw my computer out the window. Thankfully, we have salvaged the window. Thankfully, we have salvaged the window. Thankfully, we have salvaged the footage. Everything is fine. But by the footage. Everything is fine. But by the footage. Everything is fine. But by the time we were able to get that situation time we were able to get that situation time we were able to get that situation fixed, it was time for Christmas content fixed, it was time for Christmas content fixed, it was time for Christmas content and I'm like, people are asking for and I'm like, people are asking for and I'm like, people are asking for Christmas content. So, I like shuffled Christmas content. So, I like shuffled Christmas content. So, I like shuffled that. So, I was trying to do holiday that. So, I was trying to do holiday that. So, I was trying to do holiday content and I'm like, nobody's and I was content and I'm like, nobody's and I was content and I'm like, nobody's and I was going to do it in December. But then I'm going to do it in December. But then I'm going to do it in December. But then I'm like, okay, we need to get out the like, okay, we need to get out the like, okay, we need to get out the Disney cruise content because it's a Disney cruise content because it's a Disney cruise content because it's a Christmas cruise. Nobody's going to want Christmas cruise. Nobody's going to want Christmas cruise. Nobody's going to want to watch Christmas cruise in February. to watch Christmas cruise in February. to watch Christmas cruise in February. Like, those just don't like if if it's Like, those just don't like if if it's Like, those just don't like if if it's not done in the season, at least in our not done in the season, at least in our not done in the season, at least in our content, it does not do well. Like, most content, it does not do well. Like, most content, it does not do well. Like, most people are like, "It's not Christmas. I people are like, "It's not Christmas. I people are like, "It's not Christmas. I don't want to watch this." Um, and I'm a don't want to watch this." Um, and I'm a don't want to watch this." Um, and I'm a people pleaser. So, I try to do what I people pleaser. So, I try to do what I people pleaser. So, I try to do what I can to make you guys happy. So, there's can to make you guys happy. So, there's can to make you guys happy. So, there's that. But those vlogs are coming. All that. But those vlogs are coming. All that. But those vlogs are coming. All that to say, we have them coming out in that to say, we have them coming out in that to say, we have them coming out in January. The first week I'm doing like January. The first week I'm doing like January. The first week I'm doing like this welcome back series and like this welcome back series and like this welcome back series and like getting a kickoff kind of week and then getting a kickoff kind of week and then getting a kickoff kind of week and then the week after that is going to be those the week after that is going to be those the week after that is going to be those two videos of the mom and dad trip. So, two videos of the mom and dad trip. So, two videos of the mom and dad trip. So, I promise they are coming. We just I promise they are coming. We just I promise they are coming. We just between technical difficulties and the between technical difficulties and the between technical difficulties and the holidays and then we were sick and it's holidays and then we were sick and it's holidays and then we were sick and it's just like it's a whole thing. Um, I'm just like it's a whole thing. Um, I'm just like it's a whole thing. Um, I'm just like I just want to get it. I want just like I just want to get it. I want just like I just want to get it. I want to get caught up. So, we're getting to get caught up. So, we're getting to get caught up. So, we're getting caught up soon. I promise. Plans for caught up soon. I promise. Plans for caught up soon. I promise. Plans for trips this year don't have to say dates, trips this year don't have to say dates, trips this year don't have to say dates, but hotels, ships. So, we don't have any but hotels, ships. So, we don't have any but hotels, ships. So, we don't have any cruises booked yet. I have a placeholder cruises booked yet. I have a placeholder cruises booked yet. I have a placeholder that we got from our last cruise cuz I'm that we got from our last cruise cuz I'm that we got from our last cruise cuz I'm like, I'm getting the placeholder cuz I like, I'm getting the placeholder cuz I like, I'm getting the placeholder cuz I want a discount. But, we don't have want a discount. But, we don't have want a discount. But, we don't have anything booked yet for a cruise. So, I anything booked yet for a cruise. So, I anything booked yet for a cruise. So, I don't know when that content will be don't know when that content will be don't know when that content will be coming. I have some of you that are coming. I have some of you that are coming. I have some of you that are like, I want more cruise content. And like, I want more cruise content. And like, I want more cruise content. And then I have some of you that are like, I then I have some of you that are like, I then I have some of you that are like, I would be okay if you never posted a would be okay if you never posted a would be okay if you never posted a cruise video again. [laughter] cruise video again. [laughter] cruise video again. [laughter] And I'm like And I'm like And I'm like I kind of Yeah, that's that's where my I kind of Yeah, that's that's where my I kind of Yeah, that's that's where my people pleaser was like some of these I people pleaser was like some of these I people pleaser was like some of these I even put up a box that was like what do even put up a box that was like what do even put up a box that was like what do you not want to see? And some people you not want to see? And some people you not want to see? And some people were like packing videos, hotel rooms, were like packing videos, hotel rooms, were like packing videos, hotel rooms, this vlog, this kind of vlog or this this vlog, this kind of vlog or this this vlog, this kind of vlog or this Disney vlog or that Disney vlog or this Disney vlog or that Disney vlog or this Disney vlog or that Disney vlog or this the only thing. And so it's like if if I the only thing. And so it's like if if I the only thing. And so it's like if if I took everybody's advice of what they took everybody's advice of what they took everybody's advice of what they didn't want to see, you guys, I would didn't want to see, you guys, I would didn't want to see, you guys, I would have to quit YouTube because there's have to quit YouTube because there's have to quit YouTube because there's like they literally listed off every like they literally listed off every like they literally listed off every video that I make and I'm like, video that I make and I'm like, video that I make and I'm like, "Okay, that that about sums it up." But "Okay, that that about sums it up." But "Okay, that that about sums it up." But for every one don't film a packing for every one don't film a packing for every one don't film a packing video, there were a hundred of you guys video, there were a hundred of you guys video, there were a hundred of you guys keep the packing videos. So I'm like, I keep the packing videos. So I'm like, I keep the packing videos. So I'm like, I love them. Most of you guys love them, love them. Most of you guys love them, love them. Most of you guys love them, too. Like 90% of you guys love them. So too. Like 90% of you guys love them. So too. Like 90% of you guys love them. So I'm like, we're going to keep going with I'm like, we're going to keep going with I'm like, we're going to keep going with that. Um, and then some people were that. Um, and then some people were that. Um, and then some people were like, "Oh, I don't like this or that." like, "Oh, I don't like this or that." like, "Oh, I don't like this or that." And so it's like, "My people pleaser And so it's like, "My people pleaser And so it's like, "My people pleaser wants to please everybody, but I can't wants to please everybody, but I can't wants to please everybody, but I can't please everybody at the same time." So, please everybody at the same time." So, please everybody at the same time." So, you just have to be patient. If this you just have to be patient. If this you just have to be patient. If this Monday's video is not for you, maybe Monday's video is not for you, maybe Monday's video is not for you, maybe Thursdays will. So, [laughter] that's Thursdays will. So, [laughter] that's Thursdays will. So, [laughter] that's kind of our our schedule. Um, but we're kind of our our schedule. Um, but we're kind of our our schedule. Um, but we're trying to go back to answer the question trying to go back to answer the question trying to go back to answer the question to hotels we've not stayed at in a while to hotels we've not stayed at in a while to hotels we've not stayed at in a while to kind of like I try to rotate through to kind of like I try to rotate through to kind of like I try to rotate through because I don't want to just sometimes because I don't want to just sometimes because I don't want to just sometimes for like budget friendly sake or for like budget friendly sake or for like budget friendly sake or whatever, we just stay at consistently whatever, we just stay at consistently whatever, we just stay at consistently the same hotels or like what's the same hotels or like what's the same hotels or like what's available, but I don't want to be like, available, but I don't want to be like, available, but I don't want to be like, okay, we just stay at the hotel the same okay, we just stay at the hotel the same okay, we just stay at the hotel the same one every single time and like don't one every single time and like don't one every single time and like don't share content on different things cuz to share content on different things cuz to share content on different things cuz to I don't want it to get stale for one I don't want it to get stale for one I don't want it to get stale for one thing and also it's fun. We like staying thing and also it's fun. We like staying thing and also it's fun. We like staying at the Disney different Disney hotels. at the Disney different Disney hotels. at the Disney different Disney hotels. Um, so we're uh circling back. We're Um, so we're uh circling back. We're Um, so we're uh circling back. We're doing one is our favorite French doing one is our favorite French doing one is our favorite French Quarter. So it's been in 2026 it will Quarter. So it's been in 2026 it will Quarter. So it's been in 2026 it will have been 2 years since we did that. Um, have been 2 years since we did that. Um, have been 2 years since we did that. Um, we're circling back to Saratoga cuz we we're circling back to Saratoga cuz we we're circling back to Saratoga cuz we want to do um some like onebedroom want to do um some like onebedroom want to do um some like onebedroom content cuz we've not done that. And so content cuz we've not done that. And so content cuz we've not done that. And so we're going to use some of our DVC we're going to use some of our DVC we're going to use some of our DVC points and like couple that with a points and like couple that with a points and like couple that with a discount and like try to do some of discount and like try to do some of discount and like try to do some of that. Um, we are doing um, Art of that. Um, we are doing um, Art of that. Um, we are doing um, Art of Animation again, which we've not stayed Animation again, which we've not stayed Animation again, which we've not stayed there in multiple Yeah, we've not stayed there in multiple Yeah, we've not stayed there in multiple Yeah, we've not stayed there in quite a while. Um, we spent one there in quite a while. Um, we spent one there in quite a while. Um, we spent one night there after the cruise, but I'm night there after the cruise, but I'm night there after the cruise, but I'm I'm not counting that cuz we literally I'm not counting that cuz we literally I'm not counting that cuz we literally got there, we ate dinner, we slept, and got there, we ate dinner, we slept, and got there, we ate dinner, we slept, and we came home. So, that's like not really we came home. So, that's like not really we came home. So, that's like not really part of it. So, [laughter] part of it. So, [laughter] part of it. So, [laughter] um, but we did that and then, but as far um, but we did that and then, but as far um, but we did that and then, but as far as like staying there, going to the as like staying there, going to the as like staying there, going to the parks and having like a real Disney parks and having like a real Disney parks and having like a real Disney vacation from Art of Animation, we're vacation from Art of Animation, we're vacation from Art of Animation, we're doing that. We're doing the Drury. Um, doing that. We're doing the Drury. Um, doing that. We're doing the Drury. Um, that is near Disney Springs. So, an that is near Disney Springs. So, an that is near Disney Springs. So, an offpropyish offpropyish offpropyish hotel. Um, I'm really curious about hotel. Um, I'm really curious about hotel. Um, I'm really curious about that. We love Drury's elsewhere, so I'm that. We love Drury's elsewhere, so I'm that. We love Drury's elsewhere, so I'm curious to see about that there. And so, curious to see about that there. And so, curious to see about that there. And so, we're trying to balance of kind of some we're trying to balance of kind of some we're trying to balance of kind of some of the hotels we've not been to in a of the hotels we've not been to in a of the hotels we've not been to in a little bit. So, trying to sprinkle that little bit. So, trying to sprinkle that little bit. So, trying to sprinkle that in. Doing everything from value to in. Doing everything from value to in. Doing everything from value to deluxe cuz I get I get requests for deluxe cuz I get I get requests for deluxe cuz I get I get requests for both. So, it's hard to like I need both. So, it's hard to like I need both. So, it's hard to like I need budget friendly content and then some budget friendly content and then some budget friendly content and then some people are like I want bougie content people are like I want bougie content people are like I want bougie content and it's like trying to balance that. and it's like trying to balance that. and it's like trying to balance that. So, um those are some of the resorts. So, um those are some of the resorts. So, um those are some of the resorts. I'm really excited about them. I'm I'm really excited about them. I'm I'm really excited about them. I'm really excited to be back. I would love really excited to be back. I would love really excited to be back. I would love to also go back and stay at um Animal to also go back and stay at um Animal to also go back and stay at um Animal Kingdom Kadani, but we don't have that Kingdom Kadani, but we don't have that Kingdom Kadani, but we don't have that one on the like schedule as of right one on the like schedule as of right one on the like schedule as of right now. But I would love to do that one. Um now. But I would love to do that one. Um now. But I would love to do that one. Um I think that would be fun. We really I think that would be fun. We really I think that would be fun. We really enjoy that resort and it's been recently enjoy that resort and it's been recently enjoy that resort and it's been recently renovated and so it would be nice to renovated and so it would be nice to renovated and so it would be nice to kind of stay there, see the updates and kind of stay there, see the updates and kind of stay there, see the updates and um yeah, that one that's a fun one, but um yeah, that one that's a fun one, but um yeah, that one that's a fun one, but we've not we've not got a chance to stay we've not we've not got a chance to stay we've not we've not got a chance to stay there in a while. Tina wanted to know there in a while. Tina wanted to know there in a while. Tina wanted to know how your house stays so organized with how your house stays so organized with how your house stays so organized with kids and all your traveling. Um, kids and all your traveling. Um, kids and all your traveling. Um, keep an eye out on spoonful. keep an eye out on spoonful. keep an eye out on spoonful. I have a very hopefully we started it I have a very hopefully we started it I have a very hopefully we started it two days ago. So hopefully it's going to two days ago. So hopefully it's going to two days ago. So hopefully it's going to be satisfying once the video is be satisfying once the video is be satisfying once the video is finished. Uh garage finished. Uh garage finished. Uh garage organization organization organization slight declutter slight declutter slight declutter situation. Is it organized in here? Cuz it's not Is it organized in here? Cuz it's not Is it organized in here? Cuz it's not out there. Yeah. [snorts] out there. Yeah. [snorts] out there. Yeah. [snorts] Stay tuned. On that note, that is going Stay tuned. On that note, that is going Stay tuned. On that note, that is going to be all of the questions that I can to be all of the questions that I can to be all of the questions that I can squeeze in today. already been filming squeeze in today. already been filming squeeze in today. already been filming for 53 minutes, so I hope your coffee is for 53 minutes, so I hope your coffee is for 53 minutes, so I hope your coffee is not cold by now or you got to drink it not cold by now or you got to drink it not cold by now or you got to drink it all. Um, I forgot mine was sitting here, all. Um, I forgot mine was sitting here, all. Um, I forgot mine was sitting here, but thankfully it's iced. So, I'll just but thankfully it's iced. So, I'll just but thankfully it's iced. So, I'll just give it a good jush and keep drinking. give it a good jush and keep drinking. give it a good jush and keep drinking. But, hope you guys enjoyed the video. If But, hope you guys enjoyed the video. If But, hope you guys enjoyed the video. If you did, don't forget click the thumbs you did, don't forget click the thumbs you did, don't forget click the thumbs up button, red subscribe button if you up button, red subscribe button if you up button, red subscribe button if you are new and you've made it through this are new and you've made it through this are new and you've made it through this whole chattiness video. Um, so excited whole chattiness video. Um, so excited whole chattiness video. Um, so excited catching up with you guys, excited for catching up with you guys, excited for catching up with you guys, excited for excited to see what it holds because if excited to see what it holds because if excited to see what it holds because if you would have told me in January of you would have told me in January of you would have told me in January of way it did and I I probably would have way it did and I I probably would have way it did and I I probably would have laughed in your face, not meaning it laughed in your face, not meaning it laughed in your face, not meaning it mean, but I just would have been like, mean, but I just would have been like, mean, but I just would have been like, there's no way that's not no thatm not there's no way that's not no thatm not there's no way that's not no thatm not to me. Um, but yeah, it's 2025 has been to me. Um, but yeah, it's 2025 has been to me. Um, but yeah, it's 2025 has been a wild ride and just again, thank you. a wild ride and just again, thank you. a wild ride and just again, thank you. Thank you for being here. Thank you for Thank you for being here. Thank you for Thank you for being here. Thank you for being my secret end of the video club. I being my secret end of the video club. I being my secret end of the video club. I appreciate you guys so so much. Um, appreciate you guys so so much. Um, appreciate you guys so so much. Um, yeah, here's to 2026 and where the yeah, here's to 2026 and where the yeah, here's to 2026 and where the adventures it all takes us on. So, I adventures it all takes us on. So, I adventures it all takes us on. So, I hope your year is amazing. I pray so hope your year is amazing. I pray so hope your year is amazing. I pray so many blessings on you guys that you are many blessings on you guys that you are many blessings on you guys that you are able to fulfill the dreams. I have so able to fulfill the dreams. I have so able to fulfill the dreams. I have so many people that are in my messages. many people that are in my messages. many people that are in my messages. They're like, I'm trying to I'm saving They're like, I'm trying to I'm saving They're like, I'm trying to I'm saving for Disney. I'm doing for this. And I for Disney. I'm doing for this. And I for Disney. I'm doing for this. And I pray you hit every single one of those pray you hit every single one of those pray you hit every single one of those goals. I I just I'm so excited for you. goals. I I just I'm so excited for you. goals. I I just I'm so excited for you. I can't wait to see where your dreams I can't wait to see where your dreams I can't wait to see where your dreams take you. And yeah, I love you guys. take you. And yeah, I love you guys. take you. And yeah, I love you guys. Thank you for being here. And I will see Thank you for being here. And I will see Thank you for being here. And I will see you in the next one. Bye, guys.
