---
video_id: M3B0W_ptEMw
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "Day 2 ✨ SPRING BREAK at Disney World | Magic Kingdom"
published: 2026-04-02
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3B0W_ptEMw
---
Welcome to Disney World Vlogs Day two. >> Well, good morning you guys and welcome, as we've said, to Disney World Vlogs day two. Today we are off to the Magic Kingdom headed to the bus stop here at Caribbean Beach. We are in the Martineique section. I'm very curious to see how long it takes us to get there cuz there's seven bus stops here. So, we've stayed here before, but never in this section. So, it's always a a new mystery when you're in a new section, I feel like. But, we are off. We've got our lightning lanes all set up. We've got Weight Magic helping us out. We're doing all the things today. We're so excited. Magic Kingdom is our family's park. So, it's going to be a lot of fun. Dean's pick of the day is Barntormer. Bella has picked Hollywood or Hollywood Studios Haunted Mansion. It's too early and I've not had coffee yet. Lucy has picked Tiana. And of course, your girl picked the poop mover. What else am I going to pick? But those are our four. like these things are what we really want to do and then we're going to continue on with the rest of the day and see where it takes us. But if you are ready for a magical day, click the thumbs up button and let's head off to Magic Kingdom. Okay, for my fellow bus time nerds, it took 11 minutes from the point we got on the bus, started moving to the point we were leaving the resort. It took 32 minutes total to get to Magic Kingdom. There is a lot of buses. There's a lot of people. It is spring break while we were here. It's like either a nine or 10 out of 10 crowd level on like crowd calendars. Like it is a little busy, but we're braving it. We're doing the thing. But for those of you that like to know that information, thought I would share that so you can factor that into getting anywhere. >> My legs are high. >> Your legs are tired. All right. Lucy, >> the castle's not pink anymore. >> It's back to being Cinderella's castle. >> It's gray. Yeah. Well, >> I'm going to say it. It feels less grandio as not being pink. >> I know. It kind of does. Like it feels more like itself, >> but then at the same time, like I liked the pink. >> I know it likely means rain, but this breeze feels so good this morning. Thank you. >> Early entry entrance. Make sure you have one ticket or magic band out for your entire party. This is the beautiful part of arriving before in early entry and them allowing you in. Sometimes they hold you at the bridge, sometimes they let you into the land. We've had both in the last few months and so I don't know like what is standard. So it's hard to say is early entry is this way like because they keep changing it. But we're here early. It is 8:25. So we're able to grab our pink donut and grab our coffee before we're heading off to ride some less popular rides. Yeah, everybody's in lines for Space Mountain. But we're going to go ride Barntormer and Dumbo. >> Have a good day. I think Lucy's addicted to the cappuccino dream. >> I think we have an addict >> with a pump of mocha. >> And I don't mean me. >> No one's ever called you that. >> No one's called me a hot mission of s'mores. >> No. >> True. >> No. >> This is my happy place. >> Can you go home now? >> I can go now. All right. See you. >> Bye. >> Bye. Mommy lover. >> Really? >> Ready? Yeah. >> Are you going to hands up or hands down? Are you going to say Everybody. >> OKAY. Definitely you I think she definitely won for sure. Yeah, you you won this thing. >> Oh my goodness. >> It's the bubble parade. You take your job very seriously, huh? >> Peanuts. >> I hope the dumb playground's open. >> Been open for 5 minutes. Double got a 15 minute away now. Yep. >> We're getting started early. I know 15 minutes doesn't sound long, but this is Dumbo. >> Imagine everything else. >> We did it. We're so high. >> Hold me up. I like it. Let's go over and say cheese. Cheers. >> It took 32 minutes to get off a Dumbo. >> That is wild. That is wild. I don't think we've waited that long for Dumbo in literally years. >> Nope. >> This is bananas. Okay. Hopefully the rest is not like this. >> We'll see. That That was slow. And they're only running one Dumbo for some reason right now. So, >> Mommy, I don't think you even got part of your cappuccino, Jamie. I think you lost it. >> Stealing it. Okay. Okay. >> And that's your next line. >> Mommy, she did walk 9 miles yesterday. >> This is true. Bubble parade. >> Oh, thank you. >> No. Oh, I see the step sisters. >> Where? >> Over here. >> Okay. This is so fun. >> So, mommy's placing our to- go pick up order cuz there was no seating over there at Sleeper Hollow. So, we came to a little spot over here. We'll probably grab it. Go to the hubrass. It is our favorite place to eat. >> Breckie has arrived. You ready to go to the hubrass? >> This right here, like if you're going to eat breakfast, like >> top tier. >> Yeah. Best spot for breakfast. I want strawberries. >> That's okay. You don't have to eat the strawberries. I would like to try one though. >> Yeah. I wish they weren't the candied strawberries. That's another thing I wish they would go back to. I'm like, why does it have to be candied? That was like the perfect little kid meal, especially getting it deconstructed like that. It made meal time into an activity. >> Well, you need to go on Dear God, child, it is not that hot. It's 75. You're acting like it's 95. >> It's a good spot. >> Go ahead. Heat. Heat. mansion go. >> Looks like they're working on the mansion. >> Go a skip a 25minute wait. Grab that. >> Thank you. >> We're skipping the stretchy room. Oh snap. It's fish lips. My bad. That's liver lips. >> Well, I mean, I don't know. You You may be right. I may be wrong. >> I think it might be. They're struggling today. >> It It seems like it's a struggle bus. I don't know. We'll have to see when we get over there. We'll go to the bathroom and find out if it's open or not. All right. >> 45minute wait. Really quickly though, before we go hop on Tiana's, I wanted to quickly introduce myself. Hi, my name is Ashley and welcome to seen us mom. I'm so glad that you are joining us for day two of this spring at Disney World trip vlog series. If you are enjoy it again, if you haven't already, click that thumbs up button. You can't press it multiple times. It's not like certain apps where you can just go ham. That's not like that. But if you are brand new and want more tips, tricks, and hacks for planning the best Disney vacation for your family, we are all into family travel over here. So, if you're into that and want some more magic in your subscription feed, I would love it if you click the red subscribe button or scan this little handy dandy QR code up here. If you're watching on your big internet, your big TV, whatever, you can do that with your phone. Join our fam. We would absolutely love to have you. It is one of I have the sweetest internet fam here. So, I would love to have you in it as well. But with that, we're going to go ride Tiana's and see who gets the wetest. This, my friends, is why I say leave room for the lightning lanes in the budget. I would rather eat turkey or peanut butter sandwiches that I brought from the hotel than waiting that cuz we've done it. We did a a 2hour wait for Remyy's with a baby and a toddler. >> Not worth it. >> I I think we had tripped AND HIT OUR HEAD. OH, IT'S IT'S ROUGH, Y'ALL. If you can though, seriously, if you can try to If you're looking for Y'ALL just what we Heat. Heat. ARE YOU YEP. >> That's so cute. >> All right. We got to go find our picture though first. Oh no. Here we are. THE PURPLE ONE. WE JUST GOT OFF AND Tiana's is now 70 minutes. I can I can see that. I can definitely see that. That line. >> Okay, I want to try the Mama OD hot sauce. >> Oh yeah, >> it's roasted pepper. It's $6.99. >> Let's try the hot sauce. >> It actually does fit. Okay. I know it's the kids hat, but it looks really fun. >> Try stay hydrated. >> Yeah. >> Hot out there. >> Threw the scan in >> to the gift shop in about 30 minutes. >> NOT TOO BAD. >> Not too bad. Especially cuz we're >> like complet like complete ride and everything. >> Complete ride and everything. Like the entire experience. >> Yeah. Especially considering it's a wait of 70 minutes now. I'll take it easy. Now that we are completely soaked though, we're going to head over to Magic Corps of Aladdin. Fly through the air, maybe dry off a little bit. >> Unless we get spit on. >> Unless we get spit on by the camels. There we go. Dad. >> Dad, watch out for a camera. >> UHOH. >> You did THAT ON PURPOSE. >> SHE started that on purpose. >> Stinking camel. ALTHOUGH IT mildly felt good, I'm not going to lie. >> OH NO. >> Are you hiding up >> crisscross? All right. >> I spy cheeseburger spring rolls. >> I know. >> Those are so good. >> Even if they have pickles in them. >> Pickles just make them better. Thank you. >> We are all aboard Montreal Coral made it here to Contemporary. We're going to the third stop which is the Polynesian because we want to go get out of the park and eat lunch somewhere else. So, we are off to Captain Co. You guys are ready for the Polynesian, huh? Yeah. >> They popped over to the check-in desk and asked for lace and they told them yes and then proceeded to give them three. >> Oh, that smells so good. >> Wa! So much help. >> So much help. Thank you. >> Food is acquired. Let's go find a picnic spot. I think that's a good spot. >> Nice shaving spot. >> Hey everybody, wait a m. >> Thank you. All right. So, I know parents have code words and secret language because when you've been together for a long time, things happen that make you laugh. We have a saying that that means, hey, whatever drink you have is now open. And it means we say, "All right, it's prepped for bed." Because one time I handed Ashley a bottle of water with the cap off of it because she was gonna either I got it ready so that you could drink it or something. >> Yeah, I think it was it was sometime during the newborn phase with Lucy. >> You were getting it to me in the middle of the night. >> You were trying to be helpful. I was trying to feed the baby. And so they're like juggling and you handed it to me and I laid it down on the bed >> fully open and just pouring out. I was like, "Ah." So So for forever more, an open cap on a on any drink is prepped for bed. >> Oh, if you've got anything cutesy like that, put it in the comments. I'd love to read them. >> Yes, please. Please do. We can't be the only ones. All right, food time. Let's see. All right. There's a little bit of a dark cloud. All right, it's 4:00 and it's getting dark. Time to get out anyway cuz lightning 9 miles away. >> Yep, 9 miles away. >> All right. >> All right, we have swam. We're rejuvenated. We've taken a little stimulation break. It is 6:36 and we're headed out. So, since we're in Martineique, we're actually going to bum the Riviera bus stop. We're going to see how it goes. Just see if it's any faster. I do love though that when we're coming back from the park, Martineique is the very first stop. So, that was so nice. You get here like you immediately get off the bus. That was fantastic coming back for the midday break. But, it feels so good. We're showered. We have a new set of clothes on. We're all stitched out over here. Are you so excited about your stitch dress? Aren't you just focused on the Cheerios? >> You were so excited about it. You were like, I got my ears. I got my >> She got everything laid out on the bed. So, right now the the Cheerios are are having a moment. But we're going to go hop on the bus, head back, and have some more fun at Magic King. We've got dinner at Tony's here in a bit. So, let's go see what kind of wonderful evening we can have. Dan ran back cuz the rain this afternoon has brought it down a little cooler. It is 68 right now and it's going to get a little chillier as the wind or like as the evening goes on and the sun goes down officially. So, he wanted to go back and grab his jacket and so he's doing that. But while we wait, we're just going to pop into the room and gift shop, do a little window shopping, obviously. A that's cute. Okay, we're doing our bedroom at home and kind of a blue color scheme kind of or one of the bedrooms. I'm really tempted to get these as like coasters. I think those would be so cute and great way to add like a little Disney touch to it. >> Sky out here has me ready to go to battle. >> That's beautiful. We ride at dawn. I was like, "Can you request to be outside?" >> So good. Are you so excited? >> I think so excited. >> Just a little bit. >> I think she's excited about the rain. What do you love about the parade so much? >> I'm racing. >> Oh yeah, these are going to be good. I can tell by the cut. Heat. Heat. Spaghetti. Spaghetti. Mac and cheese. Spaghetti. Spaghetti and chicken. Yeah, that really shouldn't taste that good. That's so yummy. >> Oh, no. Wait. >> All right, follow it in. Ready to begin the Mickey Mouse time. >> Your turn, Loose. >> Let's go. >> Oh, his mouth. >> Awesome. >> Welcome, my friend. >> Oh, he likes your friend on your head. >> Yeah, he loves seeing Stitch. and your outfits. >> He says, "You look beautiful." >> You know, S's a little silly, so >> Bye. >> Bye, friends. Have a good day. >> Bye. >> For those pictures. >> Oh, I will. >> Thank you. All right. Say bye. Say bye. We're not taking those. We have those. Thank you. Bye, Mickey. >> Yeah. Did you like meeting Mickey? >> All right. See the light on. Everything is different. I like these next fireworks. Whoa. Hey, there's our stroller. >> Who do you want to win? The pies are guts. >> Obviously, Jack. >> We'll see. She's flag. >> WOOHOO. Is she going to turn around? >> Yay. WOW. >> OH, here's defin. >> All right, let's go over here and grab our stroller. No, >> it's going to be really crowded. You see all these people coming? >> Yeah, you can. >> We got to swim upstream. >> Here we go. >> Happily ever after. Remember when one of the comments was like, "Hey, can you guys like not sing?" >> Sorry. I apologize. >> I'm sorry. No, I can't. >> We can't not. N >> I cannot not. >> I cannot not. >> Movie quil. What's it from? >> We were talking about that today. >> We were picked out a good spot to watch the fireworks. >> Well, thank you. I appreciate that. >> Lucy's like, "Mommy, you picked out a really good spot to watch the fireworks." >> A Thanks, Loose. Thank you. Good. Oh, >> we wanted a few donuts. >> Well, I see they had no pastries. I was all out here. This is highway. The absolute best way to see tomorrow. >> They done left me. They said we're going to go find ice cream. Are you so excited? >> What? >> Thank you. >> Yeah, I got the good one again. Mickey bar or Mickey sound. girls have requested one more ride and that was a Peter Pan's flight. Thankfully, we were able to snag a last minute Lightning Lane. So, we're going to pop in, do that, and then I think that is going to round out our very long Magic Kingdom day. >> Hi. >> Have you had fun? Good. >> Yeah. >> We'll do our favorite things later though. Okay. We're not fully done. >> Wait, let's talk about >> Animal Kingdom. >> YES. >> BABY, I get to ride all by myself. My goodness, we're almost to Neverland. That was fun. >> There goes the parade. >> It's okay. We're going to We made the train. >> Oh, here's our favorite part, Mommy. Lucy's like, "It's the last bit of Pink Castle." >> Oh, is that this piece? Oh, yeah. It's still Pete from the Bippity building. Woohoo. You ready? >> Yeah. HEAT. HEAT. They went up and asked for magic shots if she had any. We better start praying extra hard for their husbands. Oh, yeah. Are we thinking? >> All right, Daddy, you go first. >> I liked watching you and Bella and Lucy dance at the end to the tough part. All right. Apparently Porgi liked it, too. All right, Bella, what was your favorite thing today? >> Ice cream and porky. >> Ice cream and porgi. >> I like it. >> Porgi was just now. >> What was your favorite thing, Lucy? Remember, no repeats. If someone said it, you can't say it. >> Can you go last? >> I'm going last. You go next. >> Can Can I go last? >> You want to go last? >> Yeah. I'm still thinking. >> She's thinking sitting between my girls on the people mover. >> That's a good thing. >> I enjoy >> meeting with daddy. >> A That was sweet. Oh, and my second favorite thing was watching the fireworks with Bella. >> And >> that was really sweet. We had a good spot. Well, thank you guys for coming along on our day two adventure. Porgi, put a cork in it. All right, end of the video club. In honor, in honor of Porgi, leave me some gray and white emojis. That way, I know you're part of the secret end of the video club. >> Or a penguin or a puffin if you can find one of those. >> It's basically what it is. All right, good night you guys. Bye.
