---
video_id: 2T1bdK2HIsw
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "SPRING Disney World Prep | Disney Vacation Haul"
published: 2026-02-19
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2T1bdK2HIsw
---
Hello and welcome to Disney World Prep Spring Edition. Today I'm jumping in to a little bit of a haul of all the things that I've been collecting for our Disney World trip this spring. We've got everything from Walmart, Amazon, as well as some finds from the Disney Store. And so I wanted to share a little bit of what I'm collecting for the trip and kick off this series. We're going to do some prepping, some packing, and maybe even a post recap. We'll see what we do. But I am so excited. If you're ready for some Disney spring prep, go ahead, click that thumbs up button and let's jump into it. I'm going to start with Walmart cuz it's right here. So, I'm going to go through and share some of the things that I have gotten for the girls. We are growing. They're freaking growing like crazy. So, I feel like every time we need something new and so for them, I found these cute little coverups. I think they are absolutely adorable. kicking off the spring summer months. This is going to be awesome for them throwing over their swimsuits. Comes with a shirt and shorts set. So, I've got the yellow one for Bella and this orangey coral color for Lucy. Love the knit pattern. Super cute. I think these are just stinking adorable. I'm like, I wish they could make them in my size cuz I would totally buy that. Um, picked up for Miss Bella. She is my little kitty cat Marie lover. this little striped dress, purple, got the little pink bow up top, but on the pockets, we do have Marie on the side, which I think is just precious. It is so cute. And those dresses, she will wear that to Disney and then play and wear that all summer long. So, I love good staples that it's like, okay, we can wear these in the parks, we can wear it at home. It does a little bit of double duty cuz kids are growing and they're going to need bigger sizes anyway. So, that works out really well. I grabbed them these t-shirts here, which are super cute. Absolutely love those for Little Mermaid. So, I thought these would be cute. I don't know if we're going to do travel day Ariel or if we'll do something during our trip and do it that way, but we'll see. I picked these up for myself. I don't know if I'll use them this trip. It depends on once we get into like outfit prep what I pull together. But I thought these were so cute. I love Winnie the Pooh. So I'm like, these are great with the little poo bear on them. It's got the honeybees on them. And then on the backside, some little floral socks. I I just think these are so cute. So I couldn't resist getting those. Got the girls some squirts. They have the sweatshirts and little like t-shirts that match this set. Um so they can like mix and match with these, but I just thought they were so cute. They've got the built-in shorts cuz it is a skirt. So, I've got the flowery purple for Bella and the strawberry blue for Lucy. Gives her some little mix and match things. My Lucy girl is growing and needed a different swimsuit, larger swimsuit. So, we've got her this stitch one. Love the little bows on the top. And it was a set there. Um, I don't think I've said this already, but I will pop up the QR code throughout this video for each of the different sections of hauls. So, if there's anything in the Walmart section, when that code pops up, you can scan it with your phone cuz a ton of you are watching on TV, which I think is so interesting. I'm like, I love to watch YouTube on TV. So, I'll throw it on. So, I'm just like trying to be helpful for that cuz I know it's hard to like shopping on your TV is weird. And I'm like, I don't know. I I maybe you guys enjoy that more than I do, but I'm like I don't want to do that on my TV. But if I can pop up a Curo cart and do it on my phone and then like add to cart or put it in my saved for later file folder if I'm watching someone else's video or something and I see something like that and I'm like, "Okay, I can go back to it and it's like bookmarks it for me and then I'm not having to look through the whole video to like find it." But I find that helpful. So I'm hoping that is helpful for you guys. But again, I'll pop that up just periodically throughout. I don't want it to just like sit there because I feel like that's just a little too much. um for it to just be a QR code just sitting there the entire video. But wanted to explain that if you're not familiar with it, you just pull out your phone, open the camera app, point it at that, and then it does the rest once you tap the link. Um we will be there during Flower and Garden, which I freaking love. It is my favorite festival at Epcot and just the flowers and everything. I'm like, can I bring it home with me? I just need like a couple of the Disney horiculturists to just come and help me design my yard and like backyard area. I would love it. Like I just I need all the ideas cuz I'm like I want to do something. I want flowers. I want color. I want it to be beautiful. And I'm like I if I could bring that home that would be amazing. But got them these little floral dresses. Thought they were super cute. Again, all of this is from Walmart. It's got little pockets in the front. But these are light and breezy and they are going to be so perfect for them for stay. I didn't even touch you. What are you doing? Okay, those are gonna be cute. It's two in the same size. I have two little girls that they want to do the same thing and wear the same thing and match and just the the whole thing. So, I'm just like, we're just buying two of them. Um, got them these for Animal Kingdom because they would rather be in a dress than anything else. So, I'm like, we can do the cute play clothes, we can do the cute sets, but we've got to balance it out cuz they are they are dressy girls. So, these were super cute with a little cheetah print. again has the pockets. Super breezy, super comfy, and again, stuff that they can wear over and over again all spring and summer long. Um, okay. Run, do not walk. If you have not been to Walmart lately or if you are looking for for one Easter basket to get stuff, they're starting to put this out. It's just after Valentine's Day when I'm filming this, but they've got bubble wands. They have this really cute stitch one. It was8 I think like $8.98 for the bubble wands. They had um Jurassic Park. They also had Bluey. They had which is cheaper than if you go to the toy section and get the one that's over there. That one is $12 and something, but if you can get it from the Easter section, they're $8.98. Um and they were slowly putting more out. I feel like they're going to have even more characters. Um but that was what we saw like literally today. We went to ran to Walmart this morning and I saw this and Lucy was like, "Can I please get the Stitch Bubble on?" So, I was a sucker and I'm like, "Well, $8 is better than $38 at the park." So, like, I just saved money, right? That's how that that's totally how that works. That's Disney mom math. Um, for Bella, again, needed a larger swimsuit. I really despise a one piece and going to the bathroom. That whole situation on myself with them, the whole thing. I'm like two-piece. But she fell in love with the flamingo one and I'm like, it's not great. But we're going to go with it cuz you love it. So, this one was super cute. Love the little ruffles. And if you know, you know. The flamingo will forever rain. So, that is that's what we got for her. This is for Dean. He picked out this. He was like, I like this. And I'm like, okay, we could do some sort of tropical outfit. We might do it with his animal kingdom. I don't know. Um I'm excited to start putting everything together. I have ideas in my head, but it's like once you start seeing it all like laying out on the bed and you're getting ready to pack, it's like the vacation is just like coming together. So, this is like creating the I don't know. It's for me, it's like creating all the magic and just putting it all together. So, I got that for him. Got this one for Lucy. And this Oh my gosh, if I can get it out of the bag. Got this one for Lucy and the Marie one for Bella. I thought these were precious. They're kind of a little um they're not a linen pant, but they're kind of got that look to them. I thought these would be so cute for flower and garden at Epcot. I'm like, this just screams like I'm going to the farmers market. And I'm like, it looks so cute. Like seriously, if they had this one in my size, obviously I am not a 5T. I am a 33year-old grown woman. I cannot fit in this by any stretch of the imagination, but I'm like, if they found made something in this for me, I would hands down in a heartbeat buy that set. Like, can we just bring some of this to the like women's section? And then last but not least, for no, not last but not least, for Lucy in this, we've got the Stitch shorts. I got these the other day. And then got the little headband cuz she is she's my Stitch girly. So, she's loving that glow stuff. You cannot go to Disney without glow stuff. And it's also a lot less expensive to grab these things. So, it's nice. We run in, we get our groceries, got to swing by the glow section, and the girls picked out some things. We got the little glow swords. Thinking we'll probably use these as lightsabers for when we go to um Hollywood Studios. So, I thought those would be super cute. We've got Glow Dinosaurs, even though there's nothing about Animal Kingdom that is now Dinosaurs cuz Dino Land is no no longer with us. Um, so I'm like, well, that's kind of awful theming a little bit. Usually, it would have been like, oh, that fits perfectly. But those I think will be so cool over in Pandora when it is night time. Got these glow wands. These are so much better than the glow sticks. This thing's like a freaking Kim light. Like it is so so stinking bright. It will last all night. So it's not dying a couple hours after you crack it and it's like dead before you even leave the park. Um that one was great. Lucy found the glow rings and grabbed those. And then we've gotten these before and they are perfect. The little glow ones. It's like a dollar less than a $150 for this six-pack which is awesome. Um some of these prices like you can't even go to the Dollar Tree anymore and get it for that. So, wanted to share those things. And then last, last but not least, these are just more like basic things that she needed sizing up in, but I will have her pair them with some of her little dresses and stuff. And it's the little bike shorts. They are $4.98 for two pair. It is such a steal. Love these. They wash and wear so good. But I swear we got these every single year for them cuz they're such a good staple for playing in the backyard or wearing and being comfy to the park. Whether it be the local park or going to Disney or wearing underdresses. These things are invaluable. So stocked up on those while they had them. Got them some cute little spring shoes to wear for dresses or going to fancy dinners or anything like that. Um we'll probably take these on our trip, but I just thought they were so cute. So, I wanted to share them um whether we do that or not. And then, oh, this is Lucy's shirt to go with her little shorts. It's the little like kind of airbrush looking shirt with Stitch and Angel on it. So, I thought that one was super cute. Okay, I think that is all for Walmart. I'm trying to roll through these cuz I think we're already 11 and something minutes in. Um cuz we got a lot this time. Oh my gosh, my legs are asleep already. Okay, so drum roll now. Let's do Disney. So, they had a really Disney Store. Shop, what is it called now? Disney. It's back to the Disney Store. I think it was Shop Disney and then they they keep changing it. I'm like Disney Store just worked. Okay, it's always and forever been the Disney Store. Why are we trying to change this? Um, but was excited about some of these pieces. They had a lot of stuff on clearance and then you could get I think it's stacked with like 25 additional% off which was fantastic. So, got some cute stuff for the trip. Um, I'm excited about this one for my husband. It is going to be adorable. I mean, I don't know if maybe adorable is the right. He's gonna look so handsome. But it is this Buzz Light your pullover. Thought that was going to be perfect. Hopefully it's not blazing hot for our March trip. We will see. The weather is like so far looking between 60 and 80. So he may have to have like a t-shirt underneath to to peel off. But like in the morning or the evening, this is going to be so neat for him to wear to a thing in Hollywood Studios. Got the alien ears for Bella. She's my little alien loving girl. Thought those were so cute. So so precious. And then these are for Lucy and they are the Lo ears. Again, I think those are so cute. And do they smell? No, they don't. I was like, maybe they smell like strawberries. That would be interesting. But they do not smell like strawberries. So, if you're like scent averse, don't have to worry about that cuz some of the LO stuff does actually smell like strawberries. Um, I gave in to Pure Pressure and I got the Minnie Mouse bag. I'm really kind of excited about it. like it's so cute. I could I just couldn't resist. Um and it was on sale. I'm like, "Okay, it's on sale and it's cheaper than I can get it." Even if I saw it in the parks with my AP discount and all this stuff, I'm like, it I will end up wishing I had it and then I'll buy it and then I would have been like, well, I could have got it cheaper when it was on sale. So, I'm like, I'm just going to get it. It does come with a cross body strap, which makes it a little bit easier to carry. It's a good size bag and with the ear, it's going to be great for even holding fulls size water bottles, things like that. I just Yeah, I thought this one was so cute. I'm so excited about all this. Sorry. I get I get way too excited about it. Um, this one I'm so freaking excited for next Christmas. I'm like, come on, November. Um, so if you want this, don't wait until you see me pull this out in November and be like, "Where did you get the Pooh Bear bag cuz you won't probably be able to get it unless you go on like Poshmark or eBay or something and pay God knows what for it." Um, but run Don't Walk. If you like this one, he's 20 or so dollars on there. I think I got it ended up getting it for like 15 bucks with the discount and everything stacked together. But I'm like, it's so cute. I couldn't resist. I'm like, Pooh is my favorite. And Pooh at Christmas is even freaking better. So, I just thought that was way too cute. I know. It says happy holidays on the back. It should say happy honeys, but I'm going to let it slide with that one. That is so cute. But seriously, run, don't walk. If you want to grab one of those to have if you're doing a Christmas trip, look now. Like right now. I will pause the video or you can pause the video. I can't pause it for you. I don't have that kind of power. You can pause the video and go check it out. But it is so cute. And then the bag that started it all. I kept waiting for it to go on sale finally finally went on sale. So I got it. The Daisy duck bag. We were watching the vlog the other day where I saw it in the parks and Lucy was like, "I can't believe you didn't get the bag, Mom." So, I went back and I'm like, my s my six-year-old peer pressured me into buying a bag. So, here we are. But I just think she's so cute. And I'm like, that would be a great even a stroller bag to like throw stuff in. It's so cute. So, there we go. That and a purple athletic dress. Yes, please. Done. Absolutely done. Um, now we're on to Walmart. That one was a little bit quicker. Not as many things from there. Or not Walmart, but we're on to Amazon. Okay. This is where I take a break for a second. Breathe. And take another sip of coffee. Okay. All right. Starting out with the Pizza Planet trucker hat. So, I had actually ordered this for myself, but I have a feeling my husband's going to steal it. So, if you're needing a subtle dad or if you like a trucker hat yourself, I think this is so cute. I'm excited about it for our Toy Story outfits. Like, this is going to be awesome. But again, I don't know if I will get to wear it or if he will steal it. Um, I may end up having to pull out my Toy Story ears or something to go with my outfit cuz he'll probably end up with that. For my outfit though, I'm doing this Pizza Planet t-shirt. It is kind of a croppedish shirt without being like super cropped cuz given birth to two children. Nobody really wants to see all that anymore. It is a little squishy. Lots of pizza. But this is a nice length light nice length crot and I'm so excited about that one. I have the pants here that I'm going to wear with it. So excited about these linen pants in the gingham print. So cute. It just reminds me of an Italian like tablecloth. That's what I'm feeling here. And then also, I feel like I could double with these and wear it for Winnie the Pooh as well. So, I could just like change out the top and like make a whole different outfit with it. And then Fourth of July, I can wear these with a blue tank top and I'm like super festive. So, go America, whatever. Um, so we got all those lots of options with that one. Super cute. I'm heard most people are like, I love those pants. They're so comfortable. So, I'm really excited. Now something for the girls. They are loving Ariel. So we got the pants that look like fins. Then we have the shirt, the sweatshirt. I'm assuming this will probably be our travel day outfit is my idea is to do kind of a little mermaid mermaid theme for that one. And then I've got this one for Bella. Why do we need two bags? Why can't it just be in one bag? All this extra fluff. Um, but these are so cute. Got the little pants. They have pockets. Jogger style. I just think these are so cute. And it comes with the little sweatshirt and it's her dancing like when she's doing her under the sea dance. So cute. Love that one. Um, got some new stroller lights. These take aoublea batteries shaped like Mickey. I've got one set that's pink, one set that's purple, so we can have them to deck out the stroller. Our other ones got destroyed by orange juice, so that was not so fun. But they were they lasted us for a long time. We've had them for a while, so I feel like we got our money's worth. And obviously I order I like them so much I ordered replacements. Um, and then these are from my friend KJ, who also does Disney content. Um, Disney Mom Life is her channel. I can link it down below so you can go over and check it out. But they are basically rain jackets for your shoes. She swears by these and loves them so much. And I'm like, "Okay, fine. I will I will cave and buy the the shoe jackets." But you put your shoe in, you zip it up, and it keeps it nice and dry. I'm hoping that will help us with like saving our tennis shoes if we get stuck out and it's raining. I'm very curious to see how they work. They seem like they're going to be very impressive. Like this, the zippers seem nice and waterproof. So, I got a pair for Dean and I. Um, they also make them in kids sizes. So, we'll see if we really like them. I don't know. I may test them out, run some water under the hose or something and like try them out here at home. If we really like them, I may end up ordering the kids a pair. We'll see because I feel like they could use them even more so than we could of like, okay, we can throw them over your shoes when you go through a little water area or we're riding Tiana's that would be great for that. Cali River Rapids, all the water just over in the middle. That could be very helpful. So, I don't know. We'll see. But I think those could be could be the thing. So, these are denim shorts. They are stretchy in the back, traditional denim front. I thought they were so cute having the ruffles on them. Be great. Mix and match. You can throw it with a Disney t-shirt. You could throw it with over a swimsuit, whatever. But these just looked so cute. And they're a soft denim without being like really thick, hard, crunchy denim. They're not just like super rigid. So, they feel like they've got a bit of stretch to them. I'm so excited to try these out. Have to do a little try on later and see because I want to try everything before I take it. I don't want to just like assume, oh, this is super cute and then pack it and get there and be like, no, this is a big fat no. So, I'll try those on later. Thought this was cute for throwing on. Could even throw it on with the denim shorts. throw it over my swimsuit or even just like a regular white tank underneath. I thought it was adorable with the knit. Feels very springy tropical. This would be perfect even if you're doing like a Disney cruise or something just to throw on, add some color, have some fun. It looks like you belong on a tropical island. If you're going to the beach, that would be great for that as well. Um, let's see. I've been doing this and I'm sure a lot of you are the same. You add everything to your save for later unless it's on like superale when you find it and then you're like, "Okay, I'm just waiting to get the notification that it's on sale and check and see." And then you at least that's what I do is it is always in there's always something in my save for later that I'm like I just I know it's going to go on sale cuz they always they're constantly it's with the way they do with Amazon. Everything goes on sale at some point. So, I'm like just waiting like I know it's going to hit there and then when it does then you snag it. But got this little set. It is a kind of linen type pants. Got the pockets going on there. Nice long pants. And then the cutie little top. Thought this was adorable. Again, if you're doing like beach photos and you guys are doing like the whole like black and white thing that everybody does when you go to the beach to show off your nice little tan that you've achieved, this is so cute. I love this. That is adorable. That'll be great. Dress this up with some fancy little sandals and have a little like cross body that is a um kind of a straw bow purse. And I'm like, "Oh, that would be so cute." Looks like I just I've I'm so ready for spring. Can you tell I bought a lot of this and was like scrolling during the snowstorm and I was like, we're getting ready for spring. Like, we're the weather is going to change. We're going to get ready. We're We're prepping for it. All right. Swimsuit cover up knit dress. I think this is so cute. I'm excited about this one to be able to just throw on. So, I got the creamy color and then ended up also getting I don't know. I may try these on and see which one I like better with my swimsuit later. I got this one. It is super colorful. Kind of chevron look going on here. This one is long sleeve, so it does give a little bit more sun protection, but it is bright. So, we're like nobody's hiding at this point in this outfit. But again, it looks again like that would be so cute going to Lookout Key or Castaway. Like we don't have a cruise booked right now and I'm like, man, these would be so great for a cruise. Um go go go to the beach, do something. Those would be perfect for that. Moving over to travel day. Got these leggings. Since the girls are doing their um Little Mermaid, I'm thinking this would be like a little mermaid bound. I've got my leggings and then the pullover for if it get chilly on the airplane or at the airport. And it being the blue feel like we're we're kind of going Little Mermaidesque vibes with this. I just love this blue color. I think it is so beautiful being kind of this like jewel tone. I think it is just gorgeous. I loved it so much that I got that and I shared about this on my Instagram stories when it was on sale. They were like $16 and $17 for the set. I have this set in three different colors because it is the most comfortable throw on and go whether you're running to Target, you're going to the grocery store, you are wearing it for travel day for Disney, whatever. It is so cute. It comes with the bike shorts and the matching oversized t-shirt. Seriously, it is so comfortable and the easiest thing to put on if you are wanting like, "Okay, I want a backup outfit to take, but I don't want it to be anything super fancy." Like, you're wearing a bunch of cute stuff, but you're like, I want a good oversized outfit. Cuz sometimes it's easy to pack everything and and you pack and it's all so fancy that you get there and you're like, I just want something comfy. And then this is that like comfy outfit. And it is so easy to pull out and wear. I freaking love that set. It is so so comfy. Oh, and I grabbed these at Walmart. I forgot to put these in the Walmart section. I thought these were cute for spring. I just I don't know that I'll take them on the vacation. I don't know if it's like a shoe that I would do that. I don't know. Maybe dinner at the resort exploring, walking around. I don't know. They're definitely not like full park day shoes, but I just thought they were so cute. I couldn't resist sharing those in here as well. Got this one for Lucy girl. Little Stitch night gown. It's got the stars on it. Him laying down at the bottom. But these are so cute. And I love that they have like big girl sizes that it's not just toddler size. So if you're looking for those, I will link it up here so you can go and check those out because being able to have a like stitch or princess night gown, I feel like they don't change out of that. Like even though she's six, like I feel like even 8, 10year-old girls still love that princess feeling. And it can be really hard in some ways to find stuff as they get older and get out of that kind of toddler size range. Or they may be growing and they could be really tall for their age or whatever that looks like. I know everybody is different. We've seen to have babies in our family where they would be months old and already be in like one-year-old clothing and stuff. So, it's like every kid grows at such a different rate. And so, having stuff like that that is a little bit older, a little bit bigger, it helps out. So, if you're looking for those for um a little bit older girly, they definitely have those. All right, a couple more things here to share with you. I love this set. Like, it reminds me of Grand Fian. I'm like, I want to go there because this outfit just screams that kind of a cropped top. It is buttoned down the middle, but it is knit. I don't know. Or not knit, but it's um I guess kind of kind of knit. Yeah, kind of knit. Um woven, whatever you want to call that. But it is so cute. I don't understand why it got like three something stars. It was like 3.7 3.8. And so I'm like, m it's really cute, but the the stars kind of scare me. But I'm like, if I don't like it, if it's not great, if it's bad quality, I can return it and we'll but we'll see. Cuz obviously it's Amazon. Like you can't just like, oh well, I'll run by the store and look at it. Like you you don't have that option. You buy it and you return it or whatever. But these are so cute. I'm like, I don't understand why these are have like a mediocre score cuz it's so cute. But you've got the pants, flat front, stretchy back. They do tie in the back. Super cute. This also screams like Cinderella in the summertime to me. So, you can wear that, too. But it comes down with the shorts. So, you have the liner of the shorts and then it turns into the print or like the um the floral like design like woven knit design. I don't know why that's escaping me. I'm like I know. I guess it's I guess it's just knit. I don't know. Either way, but it is so cute. You could dress this up. You could dress this down with some sandals. like do some wedges. This would be such a cute outfit. So, seriously, if you were doing that, like I could I just see Grand Fian like it I don't know to me that just screams that or beach club even like tropical beachy whatever that just that has that vibe. Restocked our spray. This stuff was amazing. Used it our entire trip. Ran out, got home, got lazy about vitamins, got lazy about taking this every day. got the flu from going to the grocery store and I'm like, man, not again. We're This is going on subscribe and save and during the flu season, it's just part of our daily routine. But this one is the kids one. It tastes like honey. My kids are like, "Eh, it tastes kind of funny." They don't love it. They're not like, "Oh my gosh, I can't wait to have this spray again." But they don't they're not like crying and like, "I hate it. It tastes so bad." or whatever. Um, our thing with vitamins, we do the the liquid vitamins and all that stuff is we're just like it's vitamins are not an option. You get a say like if you you have opinions about food, but it's like vitamins and things like that, you don't get as much of a say. Like we just we have to sometime sometimes we have to do hard things because it's good for us. And this is good for us cuz it saved us at Disney World. And so I'm like I'm a believer now. I was like, "Okay, maybe this is just gimmicky." But it is it's literally helped us so much. So, going in for that one. All right, last but not least, the shirt. And I think we've gotten to everything here. Got a striped purple striped shirt. Again, just feeling the tropical beachy vibes here. So, that is clearly what I am shopping for. Like, I'm so ready for summer. It does button, has the collared look, but then the hemline is the ruffle. I love that it's got the slight crop to it, so it does pair nicely with some high-waisted shorts, but I think this is so stinking cute. But, okay, that is going to round it out. We made it through everything. But I hope you guys enjoyed coming along for the little haul and seeing kind of what we've got to prep. lots of fun outfits and things and just so excited about our Disney trip. Also, since you've made it this far into the video, you are now part of the arnery into the video club and I have something I want to share with you. Hold on. All right. So, I got some fun PR the other day from Hand Fans. So, they are the ones that make our handheld misting fans that I rave about for have for years now and love them so much. I don't want to open these because I am actually going to be sending these on to one of you as a little set. There is a blue one and a pink one. So, I will send the pair to one of you guys to use with your families. But, this is the part of the video. You don't talk about it in the comment section. It's like fight club. You don't talk about fight club, okay? I want this to be something special that is specifically for my end of the video club. So, please don't go to the comment section say I'm so excited about the giveaway. This is not a trying to build engagement or hey go like my three posts and I'll send you free coffee like this. This is not what this is. This is me wanting to be grateful and show my appreciation to you guys and pass this on cuz we do not need more fans. We have them and I would love to share our blessings on to you guys. But go ahead, go to this email address right here. You can either type it in or whatever, but shoot me an email and let me know that you watched the video. send me some little sea shell emojis and I will pick one of you to send the fans to. So, just let me know and in 24 hours from when the video goes live, I will pick a winner and get those shipped out to you guys. But, thank you for being here. Thank you for being my part of my honorary and to the video club. I love you guys. Cannot thank you enough for being here, for sticking around and just all of the sweet and loving kind people that you are. I just I genuinely appreciate you so so much. So, wanted to do some little something. I got them in the mail. I'm like, "We don't need these. I can give them away." So, I'm really excited about that. So, seriously, shoot me an ammo. But again, don't mention it in the comment section. I I want someone to win this because you guys are like my ride or dies. You're here. You're watching every second of the video. And I want to say thank you to you, not someone that clicked on the video because it's got a giveaway in it. You know what I mean? I don't like they can go win other giveaways, but you guys are the ones that I'm trying to share my appreciation with. up. Love you guys. Appreciate you. And I will see you right back here in the next one. Bye.
