---
video_id: LgRMTeu9vjY
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "GRWM for Disney's Hollywood Studios"
published: 2026-04-09
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LgRMTeu9vjY
---
Good morning and welcome to Disney World before the vlog. We are getting ready for early entry at Hollywood Studios because if the parks are awake, then we want to be awake as well. Kicking it off here with some hydration as we are getting ready. This is going to be both a tag team between Dean and myself. So, Disney dads don't run off too quickly. He is going to be coming in here and sharing his kind of morning routine get ready with me throughout this as well. So, we're kind of tag teaming it. Starting out though with getting dressed at Hollywood Studios. We're going for the theme of Toy Story. We may have to switch it up sometime cuz we've done Toy Story a lot. But, it's just I'm a '90s kid. I can't help it, you guys. But we're going to go ahead get dressed and then we'll jump into hair and makeup, ladies. Dean and I like to kick off the morning with a hydration drink. So, we will have a little mix-in powder. We used to do liquid IV, but now we found these and they taste amazing. Super hydrating and also doesn't taste as salty, which is a huge win, I feel like. So, we've got those. We like to kind of smash one of those before we head out the door just so that we're starting off the day with a little bit of a extra boost there for hydration. Now, obviously, I'm wearing a Pizza Planet t-shirt. You do not see a white coat anywhere. This is not medical advice. I'm not a doctor. I'm just telling you what works for us. And that is the way we like to kick off our mornings. boy. >> All right, internet sisters. This one is where we talk about the makeup. So, fellas, hang on. Dean's coming. I promise he'll be right back. But give us ladies a minute for our makeup. Okay, we need this moment for us. Starting out though with the foundation. I am using the Esteee Lauder Double Wear and I find it on sale and I stock up on it and that is like my favorite. I want to find a drugstore dupe, but I've just not found one yet. So, until that day comes, I'm riding dying the Esteee Lauder Double Wear. Going in with some butter bronzer. And then we're going to do a bit of concealer. I probably should have done the concealer before the bronzer. But you know what? We're sleepy. So, we're going to give a little bit of grace here for the moment. Next up, after we've got this all blended in, I will do this under my eyes. Any spots that I might have. I thought pimples went away when teen like you got out of being a teenager. No, I'm 33. Still get them. Don't know why. I don't know who brought up that lie, but it's definitely definitely a myth. Um, it's like Olaf thinking that just because you're older, you know everything. It's it's just simply not true, guys, but I hate to break it to the poor little snowman. Moving on to blush, though. This one seems a bit intense. It's scary. It is bright pink Winnie the Pooh Piglet Blush here. Okay, but I promise once we blend it in, it looks really, really cute. So, I grabbed this one, found it at Walmart, and I love it. I will try to link this one if I can. It was like a limited edition kind of thing, but make a little streak on your cheek and then just blend it. I use my fingers more times than not. You could use a sponge, you could use a brush, whatever suits your fancy, but it just adds a little bit of glow into the cheeks. That little rosy flush happy look like a Disney princess. I'm all about speed. And so now we're moving on to the brows. Using the brow glue, it both holds your brows into place. How many times can I say brows? And it also adds in a little bit of color if you need just a bit of filling in in some gaps here. This whole routine takes me 5 6 minutes. And so it is great. I've got it down to a science. I do this at home. I do this at Disney. But before we jump in to Yes, this is like holy grail. I'm like, this is what I'm telling you quietly as my children are sleeping, so I don't want to talk. But seriously, it is so glowy. But I do this before I do mascara because when I'm spraying stuff on my face, I squint really hard. I feel like that's just kind of a natural reaction. So, the only thing that I wish this wasn't was an aerosol. I wish it was something else. But you know what? I'm going to forgive it because it works so so well. It is glowy. It is sparkly. And hold on. I'm going to give you an up close shot here. >> I don't know if you can tell in the viewfinder. I'm having a hard time seeing it, but I can see it in the mirror. And I am sparkly. That's Bryce's amazing. Last but not least, for makeup, we are topping it off with mascara. Going in with a nice waterproof one. I also have a mascara by Lash Star that I love, but I cry too much at Disney for that mascara, I have learned. And so, I don't want to look like a raccoon. So, that one's my home mascara. And this is my Disney mascara of having a waterproof version. But, once we get this finished up, we're going to jump into doing hair. I'm going to share the hair tool that I've been using. So many of you have loved my waves in the last few videos, and so have I. As someone who feels like I have three spaghetti noodles for hair, it is so thin. I feel like it has really kind of helped with my hair and thickened it up. So, wanted to share that one. But it is amazing. It has a timer built in and so you can set it to how many ever seconds you want. It adjusts with temperature. So, you can do it for whatever hair texture you may have. If it's fine like mine is, or if you have more thick coarse hair, you can also use it for that as well. It is seriously fantastic. I love this thing so much. And with the timer, it does beep. So, I would like count in my head so it wouldn't beep. But if no one's sleeping in the room that you're in and you're not bothering anybody, then it's great for that as well. I would just kind of like try to do it before the beep cuz I'm like the children need to sleep as long as humanly possible. Wanted to just say thank you so much to my internet fam. I'm glad you're here. Thank you for clicking on today's video. Thank you for joining me, maybe getting ready with me while I'm getting ready here in the video. But I am so so grateful for each and every one of you and that you selected to watch this video. You're hanging out with me and I just appreciate you so so much. Also, if you are new and this is the very first video that you've clicked on, I appreciate you as well. Thank you. Hi, it is so nice to meet you. My name is Ashley and here on my channel, Pixie Tested Mom, I'm all about sharing tips, tricks, and hacks for helping you plan the best family vacation to Disney World. Love sharing our wins as well as our losses along the way and our vlogs for our adventures to help get you excited for your magical adventure as well. If you haven't already, we would love it if you would consider joining our little internet fam. To do that, all you have to do is click the red subscribe button down below or scan the QR code with your cell phone here on the screen and it will step you through the rest. It is completely free to join and we would love to bring a little bit of Disney magic, some trip tips and packing advice to your subscription feed and just have another Disney friend here to hang out with. But with that, we're going to get back to the get ready with me. And I know you can see steam, but I promise I am not frying my hair. I do have heat protectant on it cuz I know somebody's going to be so worried and I'm like, I promise I'm conditioning. We're doing bonding treatments. We're doing all the things. We are taking care of the hair over here. But I do love this. It lasts a few days and half of my head took me literally 6 minutes to do. So, not too shabby. We're going to finish this up. It literally takes me altogether 12 minutes to do this hairstyle, which I love. And it will last me for a couple of days. And honest to goodness, it actually lasts me better than when I curl my hair with a regular curling iron. I have used everything from drugstore to salon quality, professional quality hair tools. And literally, this thing gives me the best waves. and holds my waves the longest out of any of those, which is fantastic cuz I'm all about if we're going to use heat, I want it to last super super long. So, this tool really gets that 12 minutes. Now we're done. Well, almost done. Now we're done. I picked up this vacation shimmer oil SPF 30 at Ulta during their like 21 days of beauty that they just had. And I love this so much. It worked really, really well in the Florida sunshine, which was perfect. And it also gave a little sparkle shimmer at the same time. So, we're getting a little double duty here on that. It gives you that nice glow. And then we're protecting our skin at the same time, which was fantastic. Loved that. Now that I finished the hydration packet, this is when I brush my teeth. I do it a little backwards. I know a lot of people do it first. And this may be TMI, but you know what? We're internet sisters. We're hanging out. We're getting ready. So, obviously, you're coming along for the entire adventure. A little bit of body spray, and then we are going to move on to getting the kiddos ready. Now, we're going to quickly turn on the TV, and we're turning it to the Walt Disney World Today channel. It's going to have the weather. It's going to have the time. It's going to have park hours and all that fun stuff. And we're going to slowly start turning on the lights to let the kiddos wake up. And while Ash is getting the kids ready, I'm going to be getting the park bag ready. So, fellas, come along with me. What we're going to do is we're going to go get ice for our ice bag. We're going to fill that sucker up and we're going to get ready for the day. So, my wife is really good at finding convenient things online, specifically Amazon, and these reusable ice packs are one of them. Quite frankly, I love these things. Super easy to use. They keep things cold. They do what ice packs are supposed to do, and you don't have to like keep a freezer around. You just go over here to a ice machine, fill them up, and keep rolling. All right, so we're going to fill up our little ice bag here. The quite frankly, it's super convenient for us. I don't like buying water bottles for $5 a pop, you know, times 4, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40. We're sitting there spending money on water. I don't want to spend money on water. I want to spend a little bit of money on water and a lot more money on pink donuts, cronuts, and Joffrey's coffee. So, we're going to bring our own water, keep these things cold, get ready for the day. And I had to go full influencer on this one. No lie. I see some comments are like, "I wonder what's in Dean's bag." This is what's in Dean's bag. Real fast. Batteries, chargers, fan. There you go. All right, moving on. I am going to fill these kids water bottles up. We can put some ice in here. I'm going to put the water in here. And yes, I am going to put the wrong lids on these. That's what's going to happen because who wouldn't? So, make sure you fix that before the kids notice or else they're going to be like, "Hey, which one's mine? I don't recognize the lid." Okay. Next. >> All right. Don't forget to put on some sunscreen. Don't be the person that has to have their wife remind you to put on the sunscreen or else you're going to have a red neck and that's going to be awful throughout the rest of the trip. P.S. rub that in or else you're going to have a really white face like I did. I forgot to rub it in. Ash went, "Hey, you didn't rub that in." I went, "Oh yeah." All right, last few final steps before we're out the door. Get those kids cups ready. We got Cheerios. Sometimes we got strawberries, but easy today. Cheerios and off we goes once we get our final step, which is coffee. We're going to do some in room coffee as well cuz yeah, we love Joffrey's. We love our Starbucks. We love our in the park coffees, but we also like making the coffee in the room because, you know, you can get one carton full of coffee, a couple of cups out of it and be, you know, only like five bucks in instead of 15. So, we like that. Saving money is cool. Well, we are officially ready. We made it to Hollywood Studios. Photos have been taken of the outfits before we all go get messy, spill coffee down ourselves, Mickey bark, you know the drill. But thank you guys so much for coming along for this get ready with me. I hope you enjoyed. If you did, don't forget, click that thumbs up button, red subscribe button if you are new, and you have to let me know since you're part of my secret end of the video club. What is your favorite theme for Hollywood Studios? Are you going old school glam? Are you going Toy Story? Are you going Star Wars? Do you do Frozen? What is your favorite? Like, if you do themes, even if it's a matching t-shirt, what is your theme for the studios? You have to let me know in the comments. But love you guys. I'll see you in the next one. Bye.
