---
video_id: lGiKY8QCCzQ
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "Winter at Disney Day 5 | A VERY COLD Magic Kingdom Day"
published: 2026-02-26
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lGiKY8QCCzQ
---
Heat. Heat. Well, good morning you guys from a very breezy and somewhat chilly Magic Kingdom. Everybody's kind of bundled up in their coats here today, but we're taking you guys along for our January winter day here at Disney. This is day five of our winter trip. So, if you've missed any of it, you can go back and get caught up. But if you are excited for a fun Magic Kingdom day, we are hoping to 9:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. So, let's go jump into it. >> Well, what are we waiting for? Let's get >> I did it, too. >> You did it, too. >> Thank you. You're welcome. Just back out. Hi. >> Your jacket. >> Thank you. >> Oh, wow. >> Hop in the back, Loose. >> Hey, don't forget this box. Woo! >> Press it, Lucy. Press it. >> Look, it's day. >> Oh, yeah. His face is all over us. >> Look at the not the camel. >> I hope they've disabled those for today. >> Jungle Creek says it's 25 minutes. Do we just want to head over there and just do the standby? >> We could for 25 minutes. >> Yeah. >> All right, girls. Come on. >> All right. For science, it says 25 minute wait. And we are going to test that. It's all the way out here, but could not be snaking through the queue yet. >> All right. Before we made it underneath the canopy, it has jumped to a 30 minute Now during our journey today, make sure and do super going to see them for at least 2 weeks. You're never going to see them again. Of course, you never seen them before. You know, all right, cuz my name is Sean. I'll be your skipper. Their wingspan range anywhere from a 1 ft to a whopping 12 in. We're about to find out just how far our boat can go. If anybody Don't worry, they're real friendly creatures. They can even get a crush on you. Careful, though. It's a very constricting relationship you still formation. I like to point that out because so many booth take it for granted. Wonder the world. The one, THE ONLY OUT OF WATER. I KNOW THAT. I guess you free to take all the pictures you want. They're all wearing their trunks today. >> That breeze is definitely breezing, as I like to say. >> Oh my goodness. It's doing its job. It >> is really working hard today. We are getting ready to go though on Pirates of the Caribbean. So, we have had both Jungle Cruise and now Pirates of the Caribbean that during these early mornings we've not needed a lightning lane for. So, we scanned into our lightning lane for magic carpets so that we could go ahead and remove the tears and move on with our day, but we've not really needed it so far. So, this is one of those things. It's an unfortunate side of it is a lot of times you can definitely use them. Later in the day, we may absolutely still need them, but right now we don't. And you don't know until you get here. I will say if you are not wanting to pay for lightning lanes, coming in times when it is a lower crowd season is definitely helpful. It gives you the option to cut back on the amount of lightning lanes that you need or completely removes the need to purchase them all together. But if you're watching this and you're getting ready to come for spring break, Easter week, or busy times during the summer or fall or Christmas, yeah, you're going to want to buy those lighting lights. Where now you swamies? What may I offer for these hearts? Got a pirate bubble. How fun is that? >> Lights up. Bubbles come out the tip of the sword. >> So cool. >> Oh, look at that. These are cute. You got in the bucket >> or in the barrel. Those are cute. >> There's so many. >> Walking with purpose, people. Let's see if there's my we out. So cool. Heat. Heat. That's awesome, baby. I want to ride. >> I want to ride. >> We are all running away. >> I'm wearing my rain coat. >> I don't typically do that, but it's fun. Also, if you hear music, look for a parade cuz I know Lucy and Bella love the characters, especially in that little >> Oh, yes. >> I never noticed this. You can see the Haunted Mansion and the most enchanted bathrooms on the planet and all sorts of stuff from over here. >> All right, girls. Let's put our rain jackets on >> because it is not a hot Florida day. >> Can you put it on for me? >> Yes, I can. One arm. Whoa. >> There we go. >> All right. Stand your B. You can do it through that. Good job. >> All right. So, because of the cold, Tiana is a 5minute wait, but we're still using our Lightning Lane because it's a little bit shorter of a walk. So, we can at least cut down on some of the thousands of steps we're taking today. Here we go. Oh gosh, >> we got the win. >> Yep. Time You ready? >> Here we go. >> Bring it on. SGY. Oh my goodness. Covering yourself up. Look at you. What I got? >> Oh my goodness. >> Uh-oh. Juju, you better stay off Mama Oie's vignette. All right. From one wet booty to your future wet booty. Do yourself a favor. At least my whole body is not wet. It is strictly my face and my bum. So bring your rain jacket, wear your poncho, whatever your rain gear choice is. No umbrellas, but something that you can wear. Rain gear. Wear it. Do yourself a favor. Put it on because that way you're not miserable. Yes, it is water. They will dry, but it's very different when it is quite windy and it is cooler temperatures already. You kind of feel like Anna when she's like waddling in to Oakans. Um, so you don't feel like that. And the children that were just begging to go on Tiana's aren't complaining cuz they're wet and cold. Just do yourself a favor. Let me help me help you cuz I want to help you. I don't want you miserable. >> I like the turtle. You >> like the turtle? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. He's pretty cute. See? $59.99. It's got Tiana's crown. Says Tiana. I think that's so cute. I wish they would do a Rapunzel one. I like that would be coming home with me. Yep. >> I I might even change into it like right now. So, our entire stay for our winter trip has been hosted by Julie with Dream Along with Julie Vacations. She is an amazing I like I work with a lot of amazing agents. I don't just work with anybody cuz I I I want to be picky cuz you deserve the best. So, I want to be picky for you when I'm making a recommendation. But, let me tell you about Julie cuz that girl blew it out of the water. I don't care if you were going to Disney for the very first time or if you're going for the 10th time in the last year, you could absolutely benefit from a travel agent. And the price you're already going to pay for Disney if you went to their website, booked the vacation yourself, is the exact same price you're going to pay if you use a travel agent. There is no additional fees or charges for that. Their commission is actually already factored into the price of your vacation, whether you book with them or not. But having one in your corner is amazing. If you don't want to get up early and book dining, that overwhelms you, gives you an ulcer. They can assist you with that. Making payments, helping to answer any questions. And then you have agents that are amazing like Julie literally sending me a resort map and all the different tips and tricks for transportation and things to do at the resort and sending you every step of the way any decisions that you may have to make, advice and opinions and helpful information for you to plan the best Disney vacation for your family. Because spoiler alert, it's not oneizefits-all. You don't need to copy paste anyone's trip and expect it to be great for your family. But seriously, check out Julie. She is amazing. Was 1,000% impressed with her and cannot wait to work with her again. >> She look out the window and see Pascal. >> A cool. Maybe we'll find the other three. >> That's true. >> Mom, we can find out. >> That's awesome. Don't worry. I got it. That's okay. could be anywhere. >> Enjoyed watching us. >> Thank you. >> Have a good day. >> You too. >> This is yours. >> Mhm. >> Oh, yeah. >> Nice. That was a perfect mix. >> Is that good rice, Lucy? >> Yeah. Okay. >> All right. Have you tried your fish yet? >> No. >> You need to try your fish. >> All right. Food has been acquired. This whole first section of the meal has just kind of felt. >> Yeah. Because that basically sunk it up. So, >> yeah. I'm going to get some ketchup. I'm gonna hopefully enjoy my food before we spill something. Like we exploded a bottle of water down and outside when we were parking the stroller. We like bumped noggin down the stairs. >> We were fighting over the seats right over here and I was like, "Look, we're just going to leave and go to a spot with no windows." >> Yep. Yep. Yep. All the threats. Um, so yeah, that's that's your dose of reality for the day because it happens to everyone. Swear it happens to everyone. So, just sharing cuz I'm sure you need that. >> And to the kind subscriber family that was trying to tell the girls that they had pretty dresses while they were fighting over the glasses, thank you. Thank you for helping distract them for a second. That really helped. >> We We have some very sweet internet fans, so I I appreciate you guys. You get it cuz we're we all get it. It's just it's part of being a parent there. >> Hi I got >> away. lower. Woohoo. Yeah. HEAT. READY? >> Here we go. Hello. Heat. HEAT. Hand off. Thank you. We're in our horse John carriage. >> I know. Do you ever before? Have >> fun. Some of the outside. >> Oh, it does feel nice in here. We got the heat on those fingers. Need some warming. Need to get my hand worn around. This is not bad though. 20 minutes from princesses. I will take it. >> You ready? >> Yes. Are you hiding from Belle? >> Yes. Why are you doing that? I don't know. >> Hi, princess. You look beautiful in your dress today. >> Come on over. >> You better go. >> Hello. >> Is you look just enchanting. You have an enchanted wardrobe at your castle, too. Thought we got beautiful dresses today. >> Yes. My goodness. They'll make new clarities to be castle sometime too. >> Oh, that's big. >> I know. Mine is quite big, huh? >> Thank you, Belle. Right over here. >> Thank you. All right. >> Yep. This is the gift shop. >> Oh my gosh. If you're a little girl or if you wanted to do this with your little princess. So cute. $16.99. I love that. What are you doing? The most beautiful room in all of Magic Kingdom. Pixie does the most coffee. >> Vanilla latte, sir. >> Thank you. >> Cheers. >> Oddly enough, as cold as it is, I figured the line for a hot warming beverage would be so long. There are like five people in line. >> That's awesome. >> I was not expecting that. Is that haunted mansion like the coolest? This hoodie mobile check out. Bye everyone. Bye. Thank you. It is time for our midday break. Um, and also to add more layers cuz there's no way we're making it into fireworks than what we're currently wearing, even though I have on jeans. I have on a sweater. I have on a raincoat. The girls have on layers, but I think we're going to need a bit more than that. I brought them some little cuddle duds. I have a pair of leggings and another shirt I'm going to put on underneath this. So, we are definitely going to layer up because the wind, if it wasn't so windy, it would not be bad. But the wind and the wind chill makes it feel so much colder than it actually is. >> So, yeah, that is that's the biggest thing you have to deal with. The the cold is, as the saying goes, the cold isn't what gets you. It's the wind. So, just I want to keep sharing that cuz I see so many people and I've talked to so many people and they are standing there in t-shirt and shorts and they're like I'm freezing. People said it can get cold in Florida and I didn't know what they meant. >> And so I'm like I want to keep saying it like if you've heard me say it and it says what it is. I'm like somebody needs to hear this. >> And I'm like my doggies I'm going to be the reason you put an extra pair of jeans in your suitcase. >> And the bus is in the stop. We're going to have to go. >> Okay. I don't know. All right. See if you can make Dumbos talk. Okay. here for the playground or dumbo. >> Uh, both. Can we do playground? >> Absolutely. Extra layers are on and we are back. >> I'm inside the double playground. We decided to bean it over here to hide from the wind. It is chilly. The temperature outside is 50°. At least when we got off the bus stop, it's I think it may have actually dropped. Now it's 49. But it's 50°. Feels like 39. That's how much the wind is like pulling things off. >> That's why I'm always like, "Bring the layers." I got on Instagram stories some of those are like, "Bring the layers. You're coming soon. >> You're open and empty this way. Please. You will be thankful that you did. Are you a kitty cat? >> But we're going to try to hide and find some things to do that do not involve being outside other than riding. We're going to do that. >> And then we're going to try to do some indoor attractions so we can stay warm. Um cuz it is it it is cold. And I also am like I I'm the kind of person I get home and I don't everything hurts. I'm not comfortable if like we don't want to do that. So sharing for you guys that are maybe planning a trip. Yes, the weather is nicer. You're not sweating, but you do have these rogue days in the winter here that they actually get winter. I've seen so many people are like, "I thought it was the sunshine state. I didn't think it got cold. Everybody said the temps were great in January and it's like they can be, but you can also like >> play the Disney weather slot machine and get cold. So that is just something to keep in mind. I was talking to Dean about it earlier and I'm like I think January is actually my least favorite time to come to Disney. Even though it can be cheaper and all this other stuff, I would rather come in like the fall cheaper, summer cheaper than this. Cuz it's like at least in the summer, you know, it's like, okay, I'm prepping for one thing, sweatfest. But in the winter time, you're prepping for a sweatfest or a freezing fest. And you're like having to overpack cuz you don't know which one you're going to get or you get both in one trip. Oh, stay on the left. on the left, guys. >> All right, go find. >> She wants purple. Go. >> There it is. We found the purple one. Do you want me to play it? >> Oh my >> all the way up. All right, here we go. Woohoo! >> Super high. High. Here we are. We're all the way up on top of it. >> What? That's so funny. >> Bye. Bye. >> Is my fingers cold? >> Yes, they are cold. >> That's why the horn. >> Yeah, that's a good idea. No, >> Daddy, you should get this. >> Those are good. I like those. >> I want this. >> Yeah, those are good, too. >> Do the red one. Okay. >> And the pink one. >> I want mini one. >> Mini one. Oh, you guys can match. >> Yay. >> Pre-dinner snack time. Woo! >> And just in time for the vitamin spray. >> Water break. Snack break. Yummy break. >> Look at that. The construction walls have moved. Oo, I'm so ready for Buzz to come back. >> I'm pumped. I'm ready cuz you're going down. I don't care if you're intergalactic queen Raymond Supreme tacos and all that jazz. I'm just saying you're going down. >> No, you're not. >> Listen, yours is Toy Story Mania. Mine is Buzz. Okay? I'm a '9s kid. You can't TAKE THAT FROM ME. THAT'S RIGHT. >> LISTEN, I was Jesse for multiple birthdays as a child. You cannot steal that from me. Okay. I am a Toy Story kid. You can't take that. You didn't know that. >> P.S. The rain covers are really good wind blockers as well. So, if you've got a rain cover and a cold child, just pop them in there. It's like a little greenhouse. Keeps them nice and toasty. See mommy. They were like, "No, the batteries aren't working. We got you." >> Whoa. Careful. >> Hello. Oh, it's lighting up like the blue fairy. >> Okay, baby. You can wave it, Elsa. Hi, Elsa. Hi, Elsa. Elsa. Maybe somebody will save me with the bow. >> He's all right. We did it. He's helping you. I'm alive. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Do we want to follow the parade? >> Just like us. >> We want to go towards main back street. Anyway, that's >> true. It's never seen a star sparkle like this before. Oh, it's so magical. Shining star. HEAT. HEAT. I love that you love the parade as much as I do. >> I think that's so fun. >> That was the first time we ever marched the parade. >> We did. That was fun. >> Yeah. She was like, "I want to follow it." So, I just let her follow it as long as she wanted to. We got to Country Bears and she's like, "Okay, I'm good now." We walked all the way from Tony or Town Square to Country Bears following the parade. >> It was really cool. Should we go to PO since we're right here and grab some food? Cuz we've not had real dinner. >> Oh, we've not ate dinner. Yeah, let's go get >> We just had like dessert before dinner. >> Oh, yeah. Let's get some >> Okay, go get some food. >> Pinocchioas. Let's go that way. Then >> we have been persuaded. >> We have um I will say if you are coming on a low crowd day, do check the parade schedule because during busier seasons there are two parades. But tonight there was only one parade and so it was significantly more crowded than um the other times when you're wanting to do like the later parade. Usually we're a second parade family. And so when you're forced to do that, if that if you're also like us and you like that, then just something to keep in mind. They do kind of cut down on when it's lower crowd season, park hours are shorter, less entertainment options or fewer shows for some of the entertainment options. So again, just something to keep an eye out. >> It's cheaper. It's great, but it does have its disadvantages and planning challenges that are its own. It's it doesn't eliminate all that. I think a lot of people say, "Oh, it's low crowds. It's cheaper. It's this." And then assume that it's like like stress-free Disney. And it's like that's not the case. That is not not what that means at all. So, just wanting to share that for those that are like, "Oh, it would be easier to come during this time." >> Not necessarily. >> At our home. Yeah. >> Why? And I have Yeah. And I'm going to pick out the same bag you have. >> You are? >> Yes. Uh, kidding, guys. I'm not seeing Pinocchios. It may already be closed >> again. Struggles of of coming this time of year. Everything does not have the same hours. >> Yep. It closed at 8:00 p.m. >> Oh, no. >> So, short hours. >> My point has been proven. >> Everything's not open for parking. We can't do Haunted Mansion right now if you want dinner. I know you were hungry, babe. Sweetie, let's see what else we can find. Okay, >> boo. >> It didn't work. All right, head down. >> Got a last minute dinner going. Thank you guys. >> Oh yeah, we got some delicious looking dinner. French fries, French fries, French fries, mac and cheese, mac and cheese, buffalo chicken, and a Sammy. Yeehaw. Please fry. >> Mommy got us the best seats in the house over here. >> Somebody's tired. >> I'm not tired. >> Okay. >> Tired. >> I like how the line. We're going to have the best view of Tinkerbell when she goes across. >> Yeah. >> Nope. That's Charzan. >> That's bumping buckets. >> Even better like I watch on my >> Mhm. >> Wait, I have a tablet. >> Yay. >> Bitty bitty bitty. >> It's not my fork. for the rest of your days. >> Oh, zombie 6. >> This is genie. >> It is genie. >> All right, here comes our girl Tate. close. There she goes. I can see her flying. >> There she is. >> Go a There she goes. >> That's awesome >> and crazy. That was so crazy. >> They literally gave us our food at like 8:50. Fireworks were at 9:00 and we were able to watch from here. You don't see the big fireworks behind the castle, but you can see the ones from the castle. So, just try to like get along the windows here and that is awesome. And again, if it's freezing and windy like it was tonight, that is the spot. Like, we could see it. They piped the music in. So, it was great, but we didn't have to freeze. So, very, very grateful that Cosmic Race does that. >> What's your favorite ball party? >> Are you going to do a balls at that castle you're going to? >> Yeah. And then everyone will see you guys. Oh, and I'll take you out there. I can't believe you just hold my arms up. >> Dad, I can do a little jump. >> Mom, can you hold this? >> Nope. My hands are in my pockets. It's cold. Just set it down. >> Come crocodile. We're safe. >> Dad, turn that off. >> Can I change the color of your light? >> It smells like waffle cone. >> It does. It smells so good. They're open. >> No, we can take >> jump in. We'll sing a song. >> YEAH. I'VE GOT to say proud of Lucy. She did really good with all the walking she did today. >> Number 22. 22 two. Woo! Pop is back to rough stuff. Made it back to the room. Hold on. I had to end the video while we were walking here. But then we kept walking and like, oh yeah, we can do get so focused. At least I was focused on getting back to the room. But hope you guys enjoyed coming along through the day seeing what it is like in Orlando Disney winter and maybe you prep for it if you are coming soon or you're prepping for a 2027 Disney winter trip. Um hope it was helpful if you did enjoy it. Don't forget to hit that thumbs up button very new. Would love to have you in the internet. Bam. But with that see you in the next one. And those of you that are in video club, you're going to have to leave me some little star picture type of emojis and some firework emojis. You can find those. Let me know you're part of the secret club. But thank you guys for watching. You have in my
