---
video_id: Sq5tHBmKpFw
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "Day 1 ✨ SPRING BREAK at Disney World | EPCOT VLOG"
published: 2026-03-30
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sq5tHBmKpFw
---
Welcome to Disney World Vlogs day one. >> Well, good morning you guys and welcome to day number one here at Disney World. We are kicking off the vlog series with a visit to Epcot this morning. Flower and Garden started not too many days ago and we are very excited. It is my personal favorite festival. I'm a Christmas girly but something about Flower and Garden is just so beautiful to me. But we are popping on the skylineer. going to head over from here at Caribbean Beach. Check in, do early entry. I think early entry may look a little different for us though. May not look like everybody else's early entry. We're also our top priorities for all of us is my first attraction that I want to ride is test track. Lucy is asked for Saurin. Bella has asked for Spaceship Earth and Dana's requested cosmic rewind. So that is the plan for the day. That's everybody's like must do attraction here at Epcot. But we are so excited, ready to go have some fun. If you are too, click that thumbs up button and let's head into the park. You're just joining us. We are on our way to Epcot. >> All right, we're starting out at World Traveler. >> They got three. >> You know what they do? They've got Spike the Bees Pollination Exploration $11.99. And then we have the Extravaganza and that's for Easter eggs. We can do one of each. Who wants to do Spike and who wants to do the eggs? >> All right. Paper, rock, scissors to decide. Ready? >> There she is. >> Oh, that's two out of three. >> Oh, Bella's got one. >> All right. Oh, paper cover. >> All right. Can you get us two of the flower and garden festivals? One for you, one for Bella. You can get a flower pot with a purple flower and pigment. If we can do one of the extravaganzas and one of the spike the beads. Thank you. >> There you go. Mickey says, "Yeah, come on in." Thank you. Okay. Which egg is that? What character? The rabbit egg. Found it straight out. >> Mhm. All right. Let's go look at the next top. You found him. These two people inside the shop. >> I told you our early entry was going to look a little different. We're rope dropping breakfast. Invite and spike the bee hunt. >> Whoa, it's the pepper. >> Is that so cool? All right. So, we're going to look for Morocco. >> Yeah, yours is a little tricky. I'm going to let you guys in on my family's secret to empty Epcot, and that is to do the exact opposite of what everyone suggests doing here at this park because empty countries are, yes, just as relaxing as this looks. And that is because we were not rope dropping and running to rides. We weren't skipping out on lightning lanes here. We actually bought them here. And our family was able to do both of the things that we love. Enjoy an empty slowpaced park even during spring break plus ride the attractions and grab the lightning lanes that we wanted for those popular attractions like Test Track, Remy's, Frozen, Saurin, you name it. We were able to have a lovely day here and rock the spring break crowds and have just an amazing time. So, seriously, if you are needing help with lightning lanes, you're like, I feel overwhelmed. I want to be able to know how to use these, and I want to skip lines like you guys do. I'm going to pop up the QR code here so you can grab the line skipping playbook. It is both full of lightning lane tips, tricks, and hacks to help you skip out on those long waits, but also tons of mom tips that are exclusive to the guide. I am telling you where every hideout is, and your kids are going to love it. Listen to that crunch. >> Well, of course I say that and I can't get the knife through. >> That's all I >> Goodness. What the heck? >> All right. Grab that side of the sandwich, please. Thank you. Oh my gosh. I'm cutting through the plate before I'm cutting through the sandwich. >> Cheers. >> Cheers. >> Is that how your flower's going to dance? Yeah, >> I love it. >> Pretty. >> She is pretty. >> I think I see someone you're looking for. >> Oh, go see what flower it is. Flower is on her dress. Is a magnolia. Lucy, you might want to walk around the back. Well, if mommy's still walking that way, she's walking towards it. >> You want a pink donut? >> Yeah. >> Over there. >> Over there. >> And a pink donut. A donut. And then >> just one. If we can get an extra cup so we can share it with sister that would be great. >> Thank you. >> Can I hop in now? >> Not yet. If I can use a gift card. >> I know. We got one >> for us to share. >> Thank you so much. I appreciate it. donut >> acquired. Cronut acquired. >> Yeah, I took a picture of the ball through the donut. >> Sweet. I love it. And we also got a frozen lemonade for the girls. Asked for an extra cup so we can split it. Yummy, yummy. We're just kind of having a strolling breakfast because where's some of the odd ones? I don't care for Epcot when it's really congested, especially in the countries. So, I would rather do it in the morning and do rides in the evening when it's like everybody else is kind of flipping and doing the opposite of that. I don't know what it is. I I don't mind crowds at Disney, but it's something about the countries at Epcot during a festival that just like get me. So, that is why we enjoy flipping. It's really nice though being able to stroll through. You can actually see things. >> It's Fzburg. He used to live there. Let me pull over. My legs are tired. Proceeds to run to the drums. >> That's full sprint. >> We'll run for drums. >> Back. It's raining. Oh, look at the panda bear. >> No, she'd rather take a photo of them. All right. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. Thank you guys for keep following. All right, sit down. Buckle up. Go. You ready? >> All right. Right. Our road might have had some twists and turns, but the future is always just around the corner. It's okay. I can't see anything. Oh man. >> You got it. High five. >> Look at the orange one. That's pretty. You don't touch it. chassis. >> I've not seen these anywhere else. >> No. >> So, I'm like, "No, I get it now." >> It's the only time to get it. We're at test track. It's car. >> True. True. Attraction one is in the books. Knocked that off for myself. We still have Dean and the girls ATTRACTIONS TO GO. But test track is hard. It is a long line. The wait was 95 minutes and we avoided that, thank goodness. But got that all wrapped up and now we're going to continue onward with our adventure. >> You have been on that ride. >> Everybody's making fun of Sully. They're like, it's before he got his freshman 15. >> It is. >> It's so bad. Like that's not Sully. What did they do to him? >> They shaved and >> Is that what it is? He got a short haircut. >> You trying to get down or up? >> I'm going to try to find a bed. Okay, slow down, chief. >> Stay hydrated. How do you make paper out? >> So cute. >> Are you so excited? >> Push it back in. >> I love it. >> Press again. >> Yeah. Look. >> Whoa. Hello, Piglet. >> Hi. Goodbye. >> I'm so glad you spotted that. >> That was very sweet of you. >> She's like, Mommy, look. >> To get one of the ornaments for the festival. That >> was cute. postcards. The S is a small. >> How cute. What is that? >> Says passholder on the back. $24.99. >> That's pretty cute. >> Oh my gosh. And it's the garden house. Like it's wrapped around the pot. It's so cute. I love it so much. I wish my mom would facetime me back. We've got orange bird over here. Like I don't know what she was like facetime me. >> That kind of looks familiar. >> All righty, girls. Mobile checkout time. You got your barcodes? >> Yeah. >> All right. So, can you show me what you're getting? >> Picked out the wedding mini. >> Yep. >> I love it. What did you pick out, Belle? >> A pork. >> A pork. Ready? Can I take off the tag? >> Not yet. Let's finish paying first. >> Then we found some stuff for Loi. >> Lolli loves her some Orange Bird. All right. Can you help me with the barcode on this one? >> Have fun on the re. >> All right. Remember, there's going to be a lot of people here. They're all trying the juices and stuff. All right, girls. Come on. Is that what you needed, Loose? Bella, is that what you needed? >> That's okay. >> It's so funny. Everybody's like, "What is the Beverly? What is that?" It's the bubble parade. >> You're so close. You're not there yet. We're going to wait for mommy. Okay. >> I GOT KONGA. >> You got Konga? >> I did. I got Konga. I'm so excited. >> That is like the most fun. >> I love that. A little dizzy, but oh my gosh, it's so fun. >> Better than on a day that you that you flew down here, right? >> Yes. Very much so. Very much so. Better than that. And there's also some space between like it and test track. That was nice. >> So, it's so time. >> Pretty much. Let's go. All right, hold my hand. You got a scan. You got a scan. That was Hey, we got to check your height though. I can smell it already. Yes. Um, and is can I substitute something for the green beans? >> Right. Let's go through this line. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Let's see if we can find a table. hotel. We could grab these chairs and move them over to that table cuz lunchtime as sunshine seasons. We have not eaten here in quite a while. So, Dean got the stir-fried chicken. I got the Mongolian beef. Bella got the macaroni and cheese kids meal with a side of macaroni. And Lucy got the hot dog kids meal and the salmon kids meal because she's been eating like a full grown adult this trip. And she's sick. Lunch has been smashed. >> So good. >> I think we were all hungrier than I thought because this is this is the this is the aftermath. Bella not so great. We have half our macaroni left. The hot dogs, not the buns. We got a little bit of salmon left. Dean and I's bowls are empty. So, I I think we we conquered lunch. >> It was delicious. >> It was very much so needed. >> So good, too. >> Very, very needed. And this was really good. We've not eaten here in literally years. >> And this like it's just such a easy bet. If you're like coming with a big party and like want something that is quick, out of the weather, whatever, this is fantastic. Heat. Heat. You can definitely tell spring break crowds are hitting. Stroller parking is basically everywhere right now. It's there's so many strollers. Stroller parking can't even hold them. It is been wild. Nemo's finally down to a 5minute wait, but most of the morning it was almost 30 minutes. It has just been absolutely bananas with lines. It is one of those I'm so grateful we have our lightning lanes because it makes a world of difference being able to turn a 90minute line for an attraction into a 10-minute line. that adds up substantially over the course of your day if you're doing like character dining and trying to like figure out all the things. Like seriously, I would kick so much to the curb as far as budget-wise to allocate towards having lightning lines. Like that makes a difference throughout so much of your day versus one meal. It's like we can go and meet Mickey and Minnie really quick and not have to go and sit through a meal. There are so many ways to cut corners if you're needing to do that. If you can't splurge and do everything, if you don't have this disposable income to just throw money at every problem that comes up on your vacation, seriously allocate the money towards the lightning lane. If it was a waterproof camera, that would be a very different story. But it is not a waterproof camera. Yeah, I know. That's what I say. Let me see your arm. Your pork is so hot. Yeah, your pork may have been in the sun. Look up. There we go. Heat. Heat. N. Hey, I found a hearty. >> I didn't know that. Dad, do you see the heart? >> There's the heart of Teiti. Lucy, good eyes. You found it. Wow. Stay hydrated. Hot out there. >> All right. Come on. Our plan to sail through the universe of time until we learn to communicate which in turn creates better recordeping. Is that Jesus? >> Shall we? >> Yeah. >> On your computer screen, answer a few questions. >> Just about ready. >> Let's take a look, shall we? Welcome to the future. or should I say your future. >> Bo. >> All right, we have knocked out all four of our rides that we wanted to do today. We've done some lunch. We've done some things, two things before we go back and we take our break. One, orange bread slushie is going to be it's on the list. It is 4:00. No, almost 4:30. It is 90 degrees outside. So, an orange bird slushie is a requirement. And then I also can't believe I'm saying this, but I've never tried the violet lemonade. So, we're going to try it. So, out of all of our years of coming, it has been like a festival staple for all these years. I'm really excited to try it. Do you like it? How have you had it? I'm just wondering like, am I the last person on earth that's not had it? >> Is it worth it? >> Is it worth getting? I mean, by the time you see this, you won't be able to warn me, but you can let warn others. So, let us know in the comment section. Do you like the Violet Lemonade or what's your favorite thing from here at the Flower and Garden Festival? >> I love that you can get your drink outside of the sipper. One less thing to wash. >> Hey, that's orange bird. It is. It's good, isn't it? >> Delicious. >> That is delicious. >> I'm not sure you get as much though if you order it outside. >> I do think you get more, but you make no mess when you're packing the uh when you pack the >> True. One less thing to kind of clean up. That was my thought process. And then I got the lemon beignet. And it's got this like blueberry. I think it's a blueberry chutney. >> You like that? >> I want for you. >> This is the orange zipper. It is different this year. So, it's super cute. And then the little straw actually folds up. >> Oh, that's cool. >> For you to sip out of it. >> I like his >> He's a little different than past years. Usually, he has like a straw sitting inside of him. All right. Lemon beignet. >> Lemon beignet with a blueberry dip. >> Yes. I don't know that I want the blueberry dip. I just want beignet. That just sounded so good. >> I don't think of it. lemonade. >> You can come over, >> guys. This If you come this >> Oh, yeah. If you come to Disney and you're at Epcot, come over here to where you get the orange bird drink, it comes in a cup and then you can like pour it in this. And we tried it inside this cup and it's amazing. Is it amazing? >> You guys got to try and take another. >> These are good. >> I like this a lot. >> The lemon. Oh my gosh, it's so good. I love it. >> The blueberry. Yum. Oh, hey, by the way, don't stick your tongue in it. Just drink it. >> What happens when you share with your four-year-old? >> Smashed. >> Absolutely smashed. >> That's a dance. >> Oh my gosh. Yes. Dance or go dance? Definitely dancing for this. We'll dance four lemon beignets. >> Five stars for the lemon beignet and the orange bird slush. That was like so good. Absolutely delicious. >> We'll get that again, especially before this festival is over. We're coming back the day before we leave. And I definitely want to make a pit stop here cuz that was so delicious. Can I get two of the Dole Whip pineapples, frozen desert violet lemonades? >> Got it. >> And one pineapple float. All right. Can you grab three spoons for me? >> Over here. >> Got it. >> Okay. Thank you. You, too. I got the classic violet lemonade. And you got >> Oh, we got the lemonade. I got a What is this? >> It's a dolet pineapple float. >> Oo. >> Oh, that is good. >> Is it now? >> I like it. You want to try it? >> Try it. Yes. Go for it. >> I want to try it. >> I like that. >> You like it? You like it? >> Yeah. >> You want to try? It's good. >> The flowers for >> They're just kind of decorations. They're edible though. They grew them in the land pavilion where we took the boat through earlier. >> You think? >> So you can eat it. >> Mommy flower. >> Tastes like a flower. No. Kind of tastes like they smell. Oo, mommy's got the maple popcorn. >> It's warm. >> More bubbles. >> More bubbles. >> Oh, it's not just warm. It's like hot. >> More bubbles. >> When we get back, close it, please. >> That's good. >> Mhm. Why you have to go make this so complicated? Take what you can't do. >> Uh yeah, I guess so. >> Dancing. >> It is dancing. It's a dancing flower. >> We can set that in this in the window of our hotel and it'll dance. >> That's so cool >> from the sunshine. It's so cute. resort at Disney. >> Yeah. Wow. The cast members standing up front is still down. >> Is it dancing? >> Yeah. >> That is so cool. That is their scavenger hunt. That's the one for Spike the Bee. They have a few different characters, but the flower, the kind of dancing solar flower. And if you come before Easter and they have the egg extravaganza, they have a few different characters for Easter eggs. Those are so cute. We hope you are enjoying your journey on the most magical flight on Earth. So, I think since it is 5:30, we are making kind of a game time decision for the rest of the day of we had planned to kind of come back earlier, do a midday break, swim break, hang out in the pool, just relax for a little bit, get out of the park, all of us take a breather, and then go back for fireworks and ice cream or ice cream during fireworks. But I think we're doing a game time decision since it's 5:30. We're going to stay back. We're gonna swim. We're gonna have fun, get showers, get cleaned up, have dinner. Our plan was for dinner is to eat at Riviera before heading back to the park. So, we'll probably still walk over, have dinner at Riviera, and then have Mickey ice creams on the beach watching the fireworks at Epcot, and then we're going to be right there. We're not fighting any like transportation or getting on the skyline or anything like that. Go inside and go to bed. So, it's going to go great. And then we're ready to get up and do it all again tomorrow for Magic Kingdom. So, we're just kind of going with the flow, tinkering with our schedule because when you're traveling as a family, you kind of have to do that. And even by yourself, it's kind of like I can change my mind. An itinerary is not set in stone. This is not a mission. >> We have free will and we can use it. >> We do have free will and we can use it. It this does not have to be rigid. You can come up with a plan, but just know you may have to change the plan. So, and it's okay if you do. So, that is what we're doing. We're heading back, going to get changed, and let's head to the pool. Mommy's going to go drop off the laundry. Well, we have swam. We did our laundry. We are freshened up, showered, smell like sea salt again, and now we are back out headed over to Riviera for dinner. It is Didn't put my watch back on. What time is it? >> 8:11. >> 8:11. So hopefully we can have dinner in time to be finished up and out so we can watch the fireworks at Epcot at 9:00. Now that I know it's 811, like we were gonna do Bara, we had kind of like went back and forth. I'm like, "Oh, let's do Bara. It'll feel a little fancier even though it's not super fancy, but I'm like, man, >> I still want to be able to eat and watch the fireworks." So, we may do primo piato, I guess. I mean, what do you think? I'm just worried we're not going to get seated, ordered food, eat, and out >> in 45 minutes. >> You know what time it >> I just don't think we can do it. >> I don't know. These girls decide to eat about as slow as a la >> pretty much. They're like flash 100 yard dash >> and um >> Zootopia. >> Yeah, >> guys, if it's really dark and you don't have lights, these are called glow. If you have them at your house, first when you get them out, you crack them. But what if they turn into things? You got >> stay out of the sand, ma'am. >> Yeah. >> Lost my sister over there. >> All right. >> The purple one. Bye. >> Tell me your mom's a vlogger without telling me your mom's a vlogger. >> Yep. That's my baby. Pray. This is All right, mommy is grabbing the food. Belle is finishing cleaning up her game she was playing where she was take all the pieces off of that. Push them over here. Right, Belle? See if she can do it. Whoa. All right, let's go, girls. Well, the only problem with that I would sit there, but the tree is going to block our view of the fireworks. All right, Lucy's got pasta and French fries and ketchup. >> Daddy's got a delicious chicken Sammy with French fries and tomato soup way over there. Bella matches Lucy and Mommy. I can't even reach my butt. >> I'll show. All right. So, I actually did a two kids meal cuz I was like, I can't decide between pasta or chicken tenders. So, I did both cuz I'm like, okay, an adult meal is $15 or I can do these two for $7 a piece. So, that's where what we did. >> All right, we're going to enjoy this. Bye. >> Ready to begin. Wait a second. Don't throw this fireworks out. I whip my hair back and forth. >> Thought of getting my pork, but I did get my pork. And >> that was your favorite part of today? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Hanging out with my family. Oh, and my second favorite part, >> getting our mini. >> Getting your mini. >> Um, I really had fun on that ride. The Guardians of the Galaxy reverse rewind. >> I was very excited. I got Conga. That is that and September. I love those two songs. just like I think those are fun songs in general. So I think those are great. >> They placed me on the first uh the first one. So it was fun. I was like well it was cool. >> That is cool. Okay. My >> Oh, if I had to pick a second thing, it would be uh watching you get the Winnie the Pooh popcorn bucket. That was super cute. >> Yeah, that was so cool. I was very excited to get my popcorn bucket because I saw it on and I'm just gonna say that was my favorite thing because I saw it online. Disney parks blog posted about it and usually Disneyland or some other park not in America gets these amazing popcorn buckets and we never get them. And so I was really excited and it's Pooh Bear. Pooh Bear is my jam. Like I had a Pooh Bear bedroom when I was a child. Like walls, sheets, blankets, pillows, all of it. I had every one of the characters except for um I didn't have a Christopher Robin. >> That was it. >> I know. Boo. >> Had a Ka and a R. >> I know. We went to the Disney store every time and we were like searching the big pile. If if you're an OG kid, like a '90s kid, you know the Disney Store plushy pile. Yep. >> So, yeah. Long story. That was my favorite. >> That's awesome. >> But >> what did Destiny room have? >> Destin's room had um >> 101 dalmatations. He did. >> He did have donations. >> Shoot. >> All right, but end of the video club. You got to let me know what your favorite thing is at Flower and Garden Festival. I want to know. And then also leave me some purple emojis. Am I >> purple? >> Why pink? >> Cuz I said purple. >> Purple emojis. And let me know. That way I know. >> That way I know you're part of the secret end of the video club. But I love you guys and we will see you guys back here for day number two of the series. We're going to Magic Kingdom. So you know it's going to be good. >> Pink emoji. >> Purple. Bye. >> We just saw a bunch of ducks, right? And uh I had somebody tell me this one time. They said, "Do you know why one of the sides is longer on the on the arrow when they're flying? There's more ducks.
