---
video_id: -KgEiWCcGmM
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "❄️ DISNEY WINTER Day 1 | EPCOT Without A Festival"
published: 2026-02-05
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-KgEiWCcGmM
---
It's day one of our winter at Disney World vlog series, and we are off to the most underrated park for families with little kids, and that's Epcot, oddly. Come along with us, though, as we ease into vacation mode, explore the world, no pun intended, and spend the day at Epcot without a festival going on. I know, shocker. It's one of the few days out of the year that there is zero festival fun to be had. The Montreal count is going, the cutie park maps are in hand, and we are off to our first attraction and first Lightning Lane. But with that, we are going to take a quick little pit stop and do some cute pictures with the ball. It was gorgeous. The sun was shining and it needed to be documented. All right, first stop, Figment Lightning Lane. >> Ready to scan, kiddos. >> Be gentle with Mickey. >> There we go. >> It's lighting up purple like pigment. >> Enjoy, guys. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. This attraction gets really mixed reviews, but Bella has fell in love with it. Lucy loves some parts. She doesn't love the part where it smells like a skunk. And she doesn't like one other part. I forget. Okay. What's the other part? You don't like the skunk and what else? You don't remember? Okay. Well, but in our family, we have a rule. Unless you were just absolutely terrified of something, if the rest of your party loves it, rest of your family loves it, we do it cuz we love our family. So, we are riding it for Bella. Welcome. That worked beautifully. >> Open house. Left ear, right ear, left, right. Continuing now, if I may, in a calm, scientific, figmentfree manner, the things we see with our eyes, I say imagination must be captured and controlled. >> Our research shows that smells often trigger the imagination by killing the brain. I love this. >> This is not a good time. >> It's always a good time to use your imagination. >> Don't really stink. >> I'm sorry, but after that big stink in the smell lab, I hesitate to send you to the touch and taste labs. >> Great idea. We'll go to my open house instead. I won. >> It's for the kids and kids at heart, huh? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. We can go watch the show. Let's go. Now that potty break number one is in the books, we are off to the stroller to refill our bubble wands cuz it is day one. So, the bubble wands are at the moment empty, but we are remedying that very quickly. I'm going to pop up a QR code here on the screen. Scan that. Make sure to take yourself some bubbles. If you are taking a bubble wand, if you are buying a bubble wand at Disney, you're going to want refills. So, let me help you and go ahead and be sure to grab those. There we go. Bubbles are back. Also, if you're taking bubble wands back to the park or if you're packing bubble wands or plan to buy them, this is your reminder to take some batteries or replace the batteries before you go. Because seriously, if you are having issues with your bubble wand not working, it's probably not the bubbles, it's the batteries. At least in our case, we got Fred Flintstone running. >> Oh, there goes the balloon lady. Is this the infamous balloon ladies? >> So, since we can't get a good coffee in the parks, we're going to pop out of the parks and grab a coffee real quick and then we'll pop back in. Hey, do you want a blue lemonade or a pink lemonade? >> Hi. >> She wants a blue frozen lemonade. >> We need to get a strawberry frozen lemonade. One of the um figment of caramel frozen cappuccinos, please. And a frozen cappuccino dream with a pump of mocha. >> Oh no. Oh no. >> I'll take this pink one. Here we go. Thank you so much. Have a good day. Can >> you say bye? >> Bye. >> Bye. >> There's your blue. Okay, now we can go back. >> What? It was the closest Joffrey's location with a frozen cappuccino drink. Okay, you like what you like. >> Now the real question is who's going to clock in over here first because I beat you this morning and yesterday. So, all right, me and Lucy. Two for two. >> Play break before test track. Yes, please. That's a really neat discovery. >> This one looks like a cheetah. >> Yeah, it kind of does. >> I see the one that looks like a cheetah. The rubber from the side over there is actually It's not mulch. Not mulch. It's tire rubber. That's cool. Very good discovery, scientist Bella. Right now, we're in Mommy's Playground Creations. How cute is this mug? They also have a blue version. I love it. $29. And these are the Starbucks mugs. It's like a heavy, sturdy mug. That is so cute. I don't I don't need another coffee mug, but I I kind of want one. These are I feel like I'm a baby again. I'm pretty sure my parents had something like this like strapped to my crib. I only know that from pictures. I don't know that from memory. Oh, those look so soft. >> A those princess sandals. >> Those are cute. >> That is massive. Maybe when we make your room into Stitch and Angel, we can get one of these one day. >> Or can I get one of these? >> Baby, we have no way to get it home. >> I could just carry it. >> We'd have to buy Angel her own airplane seat. >> It's okay. >> I don't think they would let you carry that. I think they would be like, "Yeah, that's above the stuffy rule." It's four 300piece puzzles. They've got Pooh, Mr. Toad, Alice Wonderland, and um Imagination the Figment Ride. That's cute. We did a big like puzzle for Christmas. Um it was a Disney puzzle and it was a advent calendar. And so you put together a piece of or a small puzzle and it put together into a large puzzle every day for 24 days. But so we're like into puzzles and enjoying puzzles with the girls. So now I'm seeing all these I'm like these are so cute. And it's also not overwhelming cuz it's only 300 pieces. >> So many little puzzles. >> So many puzzles. >> Look at that. >> That one would be fun. >> Wow. >> It's got all four parks in it. I would be down to try another. >> 29 for that one. >> Yeah, it looks like they're all 30 bucks. >> That could be like an after the kids go to bed project. >> We roll it out on the coffee table and do it for a bit. >> We used to We used to get down with some Chinese checkers. >> Oh, we would play Chinese checkers. We would play regular checkers. We did cards. We did dominoes. Um, that would be so fun to have a set like that again and especially being in Disney now. Like I love that. >> My favorite part is that we used to have Chinese checkers out. It was like if somebody got sick and woke up in the middle of the night, we'd wake up the other person and be like, "Chinese checkers. I don't feel good. Chinese checkers." >> Like I don't know why that was the game, but that's what we did. That was prekid though. Now we're just like >> try to go back to sleep. Oh, that's a sit on your shoulder stitch. >> Nice. >> Mother vicinity. We have no estimated time on reopening as we are closing together. >> That's that. >> I guess we'll go get something to eat then. >> Yeah, we can go get tacos. >> Yeah. >> Excuse me, Liz. Mom, outside eyes are closing, but inside eyes are closed are not. >> That's true. >> That's a really good idea. >> And the inclement weather has arrived. This is why you do not trust the weather cuz somebody checked the weather this morning. I'm not throwing him in the under the bus. He's just the one that checked the weather. So, I'm being dramatic. But he checked the weather this morning. And it's not supposed to rain until Wednesday. Today is Sunday, not Wednesday. >> Apple was wrong again. >> Apple's always wrong. So, don't trust the weather. Always pack the rain gear no matter what. Cuz we would have been standing here in the rain with no gear. It would have been nice and dry back in the room and that's not where you need that stuff. Since test track though is closed, we are heading over to um we're heading over to Mexico to grab tacos. Quick service. Hands down best quick service here. At least we really like it. So, going to grab that. Kids will probably get some mac and cheese, maybe some chips and cheese dip and have a little lunch and then we'll see what the weather does. So, we may be pivoting a little bit with our plans due to the pop-up shower cuz this is not the rainy season. And everybody's like, "Oh no, people in January, you don't get rain." Lies. Lies. They're lying. Don't listen to them. >> They're lying. They are lying. It rains in December, too. We've had that happen. Very very rainy day here in December. Wa, it's heavy. >> Chips and cheese dip and chicken tenders for the LUCY and ketchup for YOUR CHICKEN TENDERS. tacos to share for mommy and daddy. Let's eat. >> All right. Do we want to go do fiesta? >> Let's do it. >> All right. We just had to make a little cake. They like the color. I am I am and this is American story. Oh my god. We have polished off some tacos, ridden Grand Fiesta Tour, and now we are heading over. Grabbed a lightning lane for Saurin. So, we're going to do that. Living with the land. Do some things that do not require us to be out in the rain. and hope it goes away. But we'll see. We will survive it. We've got our rain gear either way, so we are prepared. But we're going to avoid it for a little bit cuz the radar seems like it's going to go away. >> I'm just hoping the radar is right. So before we were riding Saurin, we found this new like show about the planet. >> Oh. >> And we're going to watch it. And then after that, we're going to write a story. Want to know something? Lucy doesn't like storing. >> Not anymore. I like it now. >> Yeah. You used to not like it, but now you like it. >> Sweet. I like that. >> Oh, I want to say something, too. >> Okay. >> Hi. I have an Orbit Key bottle bag. It's been raining and I want to know if the inside is still dry. >> Oh, yeah. It's supposed to be like waterproof and whatever. >> How's the gear? >> Do you have all the electronics? >> I'd say it's dry. Sweet. That's impressive. >> Yeah, it's dry. >> All right. So, I've just been walking around with it on my back, just >> doing his thing, you know, >> being like a duck. >> Water off a duck's back. >> Right. >> There you go. >> Tasha stairs. >> We made it. >> Bella had a last minute potty check. She's like do you know what that means? We're like we got to go. So we were booking it. We broke the rules. I'm sorry. We did run a little at at Disney. >> Was it running or was it like speed walking? >> That was like fast walking. Like I don't know that both feet were off the ground at the same time. It wasn't running for me. She was booking it. >> Yeah. Her little four-year-old legs were getting it. >> I was over here like it's all in the hips. It's all in the hips. Speedwalk. Speedwalk. Walking with purpose, people. Walking with purpose. Watch your step. Watch your step. YOU GOT THIS. >> Good job. >> It's a little tricky getting on first, huh? >> She did it. >> Hey, girlies. Come on. >> Oh, let's go. >> Are you ready? >> Are you ready, Loose? >> Ready, >> Max? >> You ready, B? >> Wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle. Here we go. >> The tower, we are ready for takeoff. Wow. >> THANKS FOR THAT. >> I'm just glad it stopped raining. >> It was getting cold. >> So cold. Not cold anymore, though. So, we're good. >> I got to catch up. We got to catch up. >> Don't leave. >> We can go now. Okay. >> I feel like this one's worth the lightning lane just for the shorter queue. It is forever. >> What we got? >> Spaceship Earth for 420. It is 418. >> Don't drop him. >> Hold on to him. Okay. >> Can you help us find Nemo? We'll see you any minute now. >> Oh, science is great. There's so much to know. Find a board explorers. It's time to go. I wonder if the clown fish takes the money. Is that the manity sticker? >> Yeah. >> All right. He came up top for a little snack. >> I saw the man. >> It's a spot for your sticker. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. What are you doing here. >> Ready to roll? >> Ready to roll. All right, girls. Sanitizer. Come on. >> You touched god knows what. >> Oh, yeah. Me, too. Please. Thank you. >> Yum. >> All right. That's 519. >> All right. >> Thank you. This one looks like English. until we learn. Now we have this unknown Egyptian is invented an unfortunate taxed home work hotel or leisure some fun. >> Leisure is relaxing. That's not me. >> Conserves and generates your own energy. >> Thank you. >> All right, princesses. YOUR CARRIAGE AWAITS. CLIMB IN. >> OH, WOW. >> OH, put the lid on that. Careful. We are off. We've got test track is finally opened back up. So, we're going to go do that. And then we have a lightning lane for Frozen and a lightning lane for Remy's. Have a feeling we're going to be a few minutes late to Rey's, so we're going to use that buffer. But, we've got a nice little stack going. So, let's do all three most popular rides in the park in an hour. Auto I figure there we go. Surprises, huh? Smart road activated. What about this one? >> Good choice. Now, let's see how it looks. Let's try another look in the third row. Let's do that. Let's go. Let's go. drive might be complete. Just ahead is the showcase where you can explore the latest innovations from General Motors. >> What do you mean pop all of the bubbles? I can't even see the bubbles. >> Sure. >> I'm not even pausing when I'm this close. >> Did you see that? What happened? Go ahead and jump out. >> All right, let's go. Skip a 45minut line, please. Heat. Heat. Finished up with Frozen. We've done a bathroom break. Now we're on to Rey's. You have to say the quiet part out loud. It's like traveling as a family, especially at Disney days, are a roller coaster. We did not do our tactical like typical midday break. We ended up sleeping in this morning and opting to come later after being up late last night. So, that was kind of our shift and pivot for our day. But that's not to say does it you just don't have it. We're just in parent mode a lot of times. So, we're not picking up the camera. So, I promise it happens to all of us. Just because it's not in the vlog does not mean it doesn't happen. So, I wanted to share that for anyone that's like, "My kids don't behave the way yours do or I want my day. I wish my day would go as good as yours." Or any other parental Instagrammer that you see traveling with their families. It's because they're in parental mode. Most people do not pick up the camera when that is happening. So, it is just you're so focused on being mom, being dad, and being in that moment and helping your child through whatever they're going through that you just don't pick up. So, all that to say, this is your TED talk. It happens to all of us. So, don't feel like you're the only one. Um, and that you're doing something wrong. So, that is >> that's your encouragement. >> That that is your encouragement that it's going to be okay. Like earlier we were laughing and having the best time and we've been having a great time but then it was like coming out of the bathroom just then we were just like falling apart and I'm like what is happening right now and I'm like we were just having so much fun like what just like and it's easy to get caught up in that and I see so many people they'll get so stuck on this isolated like 1 minute 5 minutes even 10 15 minute long like situation that they have with their children and the whole day gets is overshadowed by those moments. So, it's also your encouragement is to don't pay attention to that. Like, I know it happens. Deal with it and move on cuz you're going to have way more good times than bad times. >> Okay, let's talk soon. Hey guys, the vote is for dad, not you. Do not for everyone. >> Rey's has been checked off the list. We're hoping to grab dinner uh at least and then head to the front of the park because the bus is picking up at either 7:55 or 9:05. So, I'm hoping we can maybe make the 7:05. It is 7:20 right now. So, we'll see. But, I would love to make it back sooner rather than later cuz we'd love to watch fireworks from the hotel. So, I don't know. Wish us luck. >> All right. Mommy's going to go grab the food and we're going to color. Scratch that new plan is food from somewhere else so that we can grab the bus because it is snowing along. We're on a mission to get to the bus. Get to the bus. >> You can tell there is no festival going on right now. >> That is true. >> World Showcase is fairly empty. >> Man, if there was, it would be like, "Oh no, there's no way we can make it." Yeah, no kidding. It would be bobbing and weaving through. This is not bad at all. >> No, baby. We've already passed the trains. >> Wait a second. We passed Germany. >> We did. >> I wasn't paying attention. And I forgot to say I can't say it. We don't have the the backdrop for me to point to it and be like, "Oh, yeah, cool. I used to live there." There we go. Thank you. It's our favorite popcorn. >> I'm so glad I do it. >> Thank you. >> Um, sure. Yes, it's a good part. Thank you. >> Make popcorn. Make popcorn. >> Get a handful when we're walking. >> We're going to be a two popcorn bucket family soon. >> Oh, wow. >> Here you go, Bell. Oh, >> make a popcorn. So good. >> It's the best forever. or maple popcorn. >> All right. Make maple popcorn or butter popcorn. >> M can't believe I'm saying this, but maple. >> Oh, wow. Um, >> yes, we are saying maple. >> Yes, it's maple popcorn. >> That's what our three-year-old called it, so it will forever be maple popcorn. Don't correct me. >> There ain't no peas in make popcorn. >> That's pretty. >> That's so cool. >> Mine is, too. mine, too. >> Make a popcorn. >> Have the whole thing done before we hit the bus. >> I know. >> Oh my god. Thank you. >> You're welcome. This is good. >> Kind of want some more donuts. You >> said lane 36. >> Yes, please. >> Let's do this. All right, we made it to the bus stop. We're going to grab our stuff. >> Okay. >> And uh Yeah. >> Off to the next adventure, which is finding a place to eat or something to eat. >> Maybe Door Dash, >> maybe Dash Dash, maybe GrabHub or whatever it is. GrubHub. Grab Hub. I was going to like grab and go. Is >> that a new venture? >> Grab Hub. >> Grab Hub. It's >> That almost sounds wrong. >> Oh, there it is. We got to hurry. Bye. >> Everyone lose. Voila. Mhm. >> HGTV Papa John's. >> Thank God for Door Dash. >> Look at this thing. Yum. >> And it's 8:54, >> which means fireworks somewhere over here is about to start. >> Mhm. Very soon. >> Mhm. >> Time to dig in. >> I'm so hungry. >> Who wants sauce? Those tacos were a long time ago. They really were >> for me. >> Food time. >> We don't hear the kaboom. They're already doing the kaboom. >> More else. >> Yeah. The lights on the ball went off, didn't they? >> Yeah. >> You enjoying the pizza party on the balcony? >> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Me, too. >> I see. >> Ah, there we go, too. Magic Kingdom. >> I see the second one. >> Oh, and Magic Kingdom's going off, too. How cool is this? Got those. >> Got Epcot. >> Oh, that's awesome. I love this. Hey, they're >> so big. Like, you know, the fireworks are big, but there's like >> when you're here and they still look a good size like >> make it go. We are post pizza party, post fireworks from the balcony. But that is going to round out our day for Epcot and day one of our winter Disney trip. Thank you guys for following along. Hope you enjoyed the video and coming along with us. If you did, don't forget to click that thumbs up button, red subscribe button if you are new, and we'll see you right back here in the next one. Bye you guys. strike.
