---
video_id: EuRwXtLu02o
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "Prep & Pack Winter Part 1: $$ Tips, Winter Outfits & Mini Haul"
published: 2026-01-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EuRwXtLu02o
---
First things first for trip prep, we're First things first for trip prep, we're First things first for trip prep, we're starting the laundry. starting the laundry. starting the laundry. [music] We are looking at our Lightning [music] We are looking at our Lightning [music] We are looking at our Lightning Lanes and I wanted to kind of give you Lanes and I wanted to kind of give you Lanes and I wanted to kind of give you my cheat sheet of what we're looking at my cheat sheet of what we're looking at my cheat sheet of what we're looking at for this specific trip. The [music] Bev for this specific trip. The [music] Bev for this specific trip. The [music] Bev ledge. I've seen so many people talk ledge. I've seen so many people talk ledge. I've seen so many people talk about it. If you have a Marie fan, about it. If you have a Marie fan, about it. If you have a Marie fan, buckle up. Get [music] ready to add to buckle up. Get [music] ready to add to buckle up. Get [music] ready to add to cart. Another day, another round of cart. Another day, another round of cart. Another day, another round of vacation prep. And today I'm working on vacation prep. And today I'm working on vacation prep. And today I'm working on my [music] grocery list. If packing my [music] grocery list. If packing my [music] grocery list. If packing stresses you out, then don't do it all stresses you out, then don't do it all stresses you out, then don't do it all in one day. Welcome to 5 days [music] until Disney. Welcome to 5 days [music] until Disney. Welcome to 5 days [music] until Disney. So, I just got this jacket in the mail So, I just got this jacket in the mail So, I just got this jacket in the mail and I just tried it on and I've like not and I just tried it on and I've like not and I just tried it on and I've like not taken it off. And I'm also getting two taken it off. And I'm also getting two taken it off. And I'm also getting two different versions of the weather. So, I different versions of the weather. So, I different versions of the weather. So, I loved the blue one so much I bought the loved the blue one so much I bought the loved the blue one so much I bought the yellow one. [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; First things first, for trip prep, we're &gt;&gt; First things first, for trip prep, we're &gt;&gt; First things first, for trip prep, we're starting the laundry. That way, it can starting the laundry. That way, it can starting the laundry. That way, it can be working while I'm working, but I want be working while I'm working, but I want be working while I'm working, but I want to start packing and not have to find to start packing and not have to find to start packing and not have to find things that are dirty and then have to things that are dirty and then have to things that are dirty and then have to wash those things and wait and it holds wash those things and wait and it holds wash those things and wait and it holds up the whole packing process. So, if you up the whole packing process. So, if you up the whole packing process. So, if you can be leading up to the day you want to can be leading up to the day you want to can be leading up to the day you want to pack, doing maybe making sure you're pack, doing maybe making sure you're pack, doing maybe making sure you're doing that low today that keeps the doing that low today that keeps the doing that low today that keeps the piles away, whatever that looks like for piles away, whatever that looks like for piles away, whatever that looks like for you, going ahead and doing that. I know you, going ahead and doing that. I know you, going ahead and doing that. I know in a couple days I want to finalize in a couple days I want to finalize in a couple days I want to finalize outfits. So, that is why I'm doing my outfits. So, that is why I'm doing my outfits. So, that is why I'm doing my future self a favor and getting this future self a favor and getting this future self a favor and getting this laundry done right now. So, if that is laundry done right now. So, if that is laundry done right now. So, if that is you, you are counting down to a trip you, you are counting down to a trip you, you are counting down to a trip coming up or you just know, dang it, I coming up or you just know, dang it, I coming up or you just know, dang it, I need to do my laundry, pause the video, need to do my laundry, pause the video, need to do my laundry, pause the video, go start a load, and come right back. or go start a load, and come right back. or go start a load, and come right back. or you can grab that load that's been in you can grab that load that's been in you can grab that load that's been in there for like three to five [music] there for like three to five [music] there for like three to five [music] days, business days, and you can fold days, business days, and you can fold days, business days, and you can fold those with me. But I'm gonna go ahead those with me. But I'm gonna go ahead those with me. But I'm gonna go ahead and get these going in the washing and get these going in the washing and get these going in the washing machine, and then we're going to chat machine, and then we're going to chat machine, and then we're going to chat some more prep stuff [music] and the some more prep stuff [music] and the some more prep stuff [music] and the things that we're going to do today as things that we're going to do today as things that we're going to do today as far as our 7-day countdown goes. [music] [music] &gt;&gt; [music] [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Before we jump too far into the video &gt;&gt; Before we jump too far into the video &gt;&gt; Before we jump too far into the video though, I did want to quickly introduce though, I did want to quickly introduce though, I did want to quickly introduce myself. Hi, my name is Ashley and here myself. Hi, my name is Ashley and here myself. Hi, my name is Ashley and here on my channel, Pixie Dusted Mom, I am on my channel, Pixie Dusted Mom, I am on my channel, Pixie Dusted Mom, I am all about sharing tips, tricks, and all about sharing tips, tricks, and all about sharing tips, tricks, and hacks for helping you plan the best hacks for helping you plan the best hacks for helping you plan the best Disney World vacation that you Disney World vacation that you Disney World vacation that you absolutely can. We share everything from absolutely can. We share everything from absolutely can. We share everything from tips and tricks videos to vlogs of our tips and tricks videos to vlogs of our tips and tricks videos to vlogs of our personal adventures with our family personal adventures with our family personal adventures with our family along the way so that your family can along the way so that your family can along the way so that your family can get excited for your upcoming magical get excited for your upcoming magical get excited for your upcoming magical adventure. So, if that's something adventure. So, if that's something adventure. So, if that's something you're into, you've got a Disney you're into, you've got a Disney you're into, you've got a Disney countdown going yourself, or you're just countdown going yourself, or you're just countdown going yourself, or you're just a Disney fan, you'll definitely want to a Disney fan, you'll definitely want to a Disney fan, you'll definitely want to click that subscribe button. We'd click that subscribe button. We'd click that subscribe button. We'd absolutely love to have you in our absolutely love to have you in our absolutely love to have you in our internet fam. And now we can continue on internet fam. And now we can continue on internet fam. And now we can continue on with the video now that we've been with the video now that we've been with the video now that we've been formally introduced. But quickly wanted formally introduced. But quickly wanted formally introduced. But quickly wanted to kind of go over our Lightning Lane. to kind of go over our Lightning Lane. to kind of go over our Lightning Lane. So we are seven days out. This is my So we are seven days out. This is my So we are seven days out. This is my coffee. It's not Christmas, but I don't coffee. It's not Christmas, but I don't coffee. It's not Christmas, but I don't have a hot coffee cup that isn't have a hot coffee cup that isn't have a hot coffee cup that isn't Christmas. Like that's a travel mug like Christmas. Like that's a travel mug like Christmas. Like that's a travel mug like this. And I wanted, you know, a travel this. And I wanted, you know, a travel this. And I wanted, you know, a travel mug. So we're still Santa's helper over mug. So we're still Santa's helper over mug. So we're still Santa's helper over here, even though it's January. But we here, even though it's January. But we here, even though it's January. But we are looking at our Lightning Lanes. And are looking at our Lightning Lanes. And are looking at our Lightning Lanes. And I wanted to kind of give you my cheat I wanted to kind of give you my cheat I wanted to kind of give you my cheat sheet of what we're looking at for this sheet of what we're looking at for this sheet of what we're looking at for this specific trip and like my pre-booking specific trip and like my pre-booking specific trip and like my pre-booking selections. Typically, I would book selections. Typically, I would book selections. Typically, I would book them, but we're actually What is up with them, but we're actually What is up with them, but we're actually What is up with that net? I think it's because I have a that net? I think it's because I have a that net? I think it's because I have a plant in here. I swear every video that plant in here. I swear every video that plant in here. I swear every video that I film in here, there's a gnat that is I film in here, there's a gnat that is I film in here, there's a gnat that is like terrorizing me. And I think it's like terrorizing me. And I think it's like terrorizing me. And I think it's because of the plant. I have to check on because of the plant. I have to check on because of the plant. I have to check on that later. That's We're going to put a that later. That's We're going to put a that later. That's We're going to put a pin in that. But usually I would be pin in that. But usually I would be pin in that. But usually I would be making our Lightning Lane reservations. making our Lightning Lane reservations. making our Lightning Lane reservations. would have made them this morning, but would have made them this morning, but would have made them this morning, but we're staying off property. So, I we're staying off property. So, I we're staying off property. So, I actually we're doing a split stay this actually we're doing a split stay this actually we're doing a split stay this trip between on property and off trip between on property and off trip between on property and off property. And our off- property stay is property. And our off- property stay is property. And our off- property stay is first because you always go budget first because you always go budget first because you always go budget before you go bougie. Not that moving to before you go bougie. Not that moving to before you go bougie. Not that moving to Art of Animation is bougie, but it's on Art of Animation is bougie, but it's on Art of Animation is bougie, but it's on property. So, that in my head that makes property. So, that in my head that makes property. So, that in my head that makes sense. So, I don't know. At least that's sense. So, I don't know. At least that's sense. So, I don't know. At least that's how I would like structure it. But I how I would like structure it. But I how I would like structure it. But I wanted to share kind of what we're wanted to share kind of what we're wanted to share kind of what we're booking as a family of four with a four booking as a family of four with a four booking as a family of four with a four and a six-year-old. So, for our Magic and a six-year-old. So, for our Magic and a six-year-old. So, for our Magic Kingdom Day, our top three is going to Kingdom Day, our top three is going to Kingdom Day, our top three is going to be Tiana's Pirates of the Caribbean and be Tiana's Pirates of the Caribbean and be Tiana's Pirates of the Caribbean and Magic Carpets and a Mind Train Single Magic Carpets and a Mind Train Single Magic Carpets and a Mind Train Single Pass. It could be a short wait that Pass. It could be a short wait that Pass. It could be a short wait that morning. We are an early entry family. morning. We are an early entry family. morning. We are an early entry family. It could be a short wait. It could not It could be a short wait. It could not It could be a short wait. It could not be. So, I just don't feel like playing be. So, I just don't feel like playing be. So, I just don't feel like playing gamble. That is a ride that our family gamble. That is a ride that our family gamble. That is a ride that our family absolutely loves. And usually it's absolutely loves. And usually it's absolutely loves. And usually it's around $12 a person, which is not around $12 a person, which is not around $12 a person, which is not terrible as far as single passes go. So, terrible as far as single passes go. So, terrible as far as single passes go. So, those are our pre-selections for that. those are our pre-selections for that. those are our pre-selections for that. over at Hollywood Studios. We're gonna over at Hollywood Studios. We're gonna over at Hollywood Studios. We're gonna do the little blend of the Toy Story do the little blend of the Toy Story do the little blend of the Toy Story rides. I am a 90s kid, so obviously it rides. I am a 90s kid, so obviously it rides. I am a 90s kid, so obviously it it's it's a must. My kids love it, too. it's it's a must. My kids love it, too. it's it's a must. My kids love it, too. So, it pleases the whole family. Slinky So, it pleases the whole family. Slinky So, it pleases the whole family. Slinky Dog is our tier one selection. Toy Story Dog is our tier one selection. Toy Story Dog is our tier one selection. Toy Story Mania, and then Aliens, as well are Mania, and then Aliens, as well are Mania, and then Aliens, as well are going to be our picks for that. For going to be our picks for that. For going to be our picks for that. For Epcot, I'm only picking two. We're doing Epcot, I'm only picking two. We're doing Epcot, I'm only picking two. We're doing Test Track and we're doing Figment. If Test Track and we're doing Figment. If Test Track and we're doing Figment. If you want the strap behind that, I will you want the strap behind that, I will you want the strap behind that, I will link my Lightning Lane Skipping Playbook link my Lightning Lane Skipping Playbook link my Lightning Lane Skipping Playbook guide. It has that. It has all kinds of guide. It has that. It has all kinds of guide. It has that. It has all kinds of other stuff in it. So, you can go down other stuff in it. So, you can go down other stuff in it. So, you can go down and check that out. I can get into way and check that out. I can get into way and check that out. I can get into way more in-depth because I don't want this more in-depth because I don't want this more in-depth because I don't want this video to be forever. So, if you're like video to be forever. So, if you're like video to be forever. So, if you're like wanting niche stuff of like, okay, wanting niche stuff of like, okay, wanting niche stuff of like, okay, strategy about this or that or what to strategy about this or that or what to strategy about this or that or what to pick, then you can go check that out. pick, then you can go check that out. pick, then you can go check that out. Um, but I'm going to do that. We are Um, but I'm going to do that. We are Um, but I'm going to do that. We are going to do a single pass for Guardians going to do a single pass for Guardians going to do a single pass for Guardians of the Galaxy for myself and my husband, of the Galaxy for myself and my husband, of the Galaxy for myself and my husband, we love that ride. But even with early we love that ride. But even with early we love that ride. But even with early entry and doing that and going straight entry and doing that and going straight entry and doing that and going straight there as soon as we can, it still ends there as soon as we can, it still ends there as soon as we can, it still ends up eating up 30 to 40 minutes, just my up eating up 30 to 40 minutes, just my up eating up 30 to 40 minutes, just my husband waiting in line and then if we husband waiting in line and then if we husband waiting in line and then if we do rider switch, then it eats up even do rider switch, then it eats up even do rider switch, then it eats up even more time for me. So, we're trying to more time for me. So, we're trying to more time for me. So, we're trying to cut down on that as much as possible so cut down on that as much as possible so cut down on that as much as possible so we can move on and enjoy other things at we can move on and enjoy other things at we can move on and enjoy other things at Epcot. So, we are going to buy single Epcot. So, we are going to buy single Epcot. So, we are going to buy single passes for those as well. So, those are passes for those as well. So, those are passes for those as well. So, those are the things that we're doing. Um, I am the things that we're doing. Um, I am the things that we're doing. Um, I am skipping multipass at Animal Kingdom. skipping multipass at Animal Kingdom. skipping multipass at Animal Kingdom. I'm hoping I don't regret that, but I'm hoping I don't regret that, but I'm hoping I don't regret that, but we'll see. But we are doing a Flight of we'll see. But we are doing a Flight of we'll see. But we are doing a Flight of Passage single pass. That is my Passage single pass. That is my Passage single pass. That is my six-year-old's favorite ride at Disney six-year-old's favorite ride at Disney six-year-old's favorite ride at Disney World. So, myself, my husband, and um World. So, myself, my husband, and um World. So, myself, my husband, and um her will have a single pass for that, her will have a single pass for that, her will have a single pass for that, and she'll get to ride it twice thanks and she'll get to ride it twice thanks and she'll get to ride it twice thanks to writer switch. But that's kind of our to writer switch. But that's kind of our to writer switch. But that's kind of our like I like plans for the day. Um and so like I like plans for the day. Um and so like I like plans for the day. Um and so those are our like what we're going to those are our like what we're going to those are our like what we're going to be booking when I can book. We'll have be booking when I can book. We'll have be booking when I can book. We'll have two different days though. I'll have one two different days though. I'll have one two different days though. I'll have one day to book our on property stuff and day to book our on property stuff and day to book our on property stuff and then another day that I can book our off then another day that I can book our off then another day that I can book our off property stuff. So I have to we'll we'll property stuff. So I have to we'll we'll property stuff. So I have to we'll we'll do that in this whole process. But I do that in this whole process. But I do that in this whole process. But I just wanted to kind of share here what just wanted to kind of share here what just wanted to kind of share here what our picks are and our ages. This varies our picks are and our ages. This varies our picks are and our ages. This varies for everybody and so you have to like for everybody and so you have to like for everybody and so you have to like pick the ones that work the best for pick the ones that work the best for pick the ones that work the best for your family. So those are just ours. So your family. So those are just ours. So your family. So those are just ours. So kind of sharing a little bit of the plan kind of sharing a little bit of the plan kind of sharing a little bit of the plan for our park days and that stuff sort of for our park days and that stuff sort of for our park days and that stuff sort of thing. We are doing festival of the thing. We are doing festival of the thing. We are doing festival of the arts. It will be I think it's the either arts. It will be I think it's the either arts. It will be I think it's the either the first or second day when we're going the first or second day when we're going the first or second day when we're going to go and do that. So, that'll be fun. to go and do that. So, that'll be fun. to go and do that. So, that'll be fun. I'm wanting to put that video out ASAP I'm wanting to put that video out ASAP I'm wanting to put that video out ASAP for those of you that are coming. So, for those of you that are coming. So, for those of you that are coming. So, it'll kind of come out out of order. it'll kind of come out out of order. it'll kind of come out out of order. It'll actually be one of the last days It'll actually be one of the last days It'll actually be one of the last days of our trip, but I'll be sharing it of our trip, but I'll be sharing it of our trip, but I'll be sharing it before the other stuff just so that before the other stuff just so that before the other stuff just so that those of you that are going can have it those of you that are going can have it those of you that are going can have it because it's such a short festival and I because it's such a short festival and I because it's such a short festival and I want to like get it out within a few want to like get it out within a few want to like get it out within a few days so that you can know all the kids days so that you can know all the kids days so that you can know all the kids stuff to do there. Um, another thing I stuff to do there. Um, another thing I stuff to do there. Um, another thing I wanted to do really quick is a mini haul wanted to do really quick is a mini haul wanted to do really quick is a mini haul cuz you guys when I put up a question cuz you guys when I put up a question cuz you guys when I put up a question box, you were like, "Please do hauls." box, you were like, "Please do hauls." box, you were like, "Please do hauls." I'm like, "Okay, I'm like, "Okay, I'm like, "Okay, I like I like that. I'm glad you like I like I like that. I'm glad you like I like I like that. I'm glad you like that. It works for everybody." Let's go. that. It works for everybody." Let's go. that. It works for everybody." Let's go. This is the plant in question that I This is the plant in question that I This is the plant in question that I think is think is think is potentially harboring my little nap potentially harboring my little nap potentially harboring my little nap friend. So, we'll see. Um, okay. So, the friend. So, we'll see. Um, okay. So, the friend. So, we'll see. Um, okay. So, the bevge, I've seen so many people talk bevge, I've seen so many people talk bevge, I've seen so many people talk about it and I'm like, for science, about it and I'm like, for science, about it and I'm like, for science, we're going to try it. So, I will report we're going to try it. So, I will report we're going to try it. So, I will report back after our travel day or in our back after our travel day or in our back after our travel day or in our travel day if it works. I'll try to travel day if it works. I'll try to travel day if it works. I'll try to share over on Instagram and stuff like share over on Instagram and stuff like share over on Instagram and stuff like that if it's actually beneficial or do that if it's actually beneficial or do that if it's actually beneficial or do do we even need it? do we even need it? do we even need it? Usually, we end up with a window seat. Usually, we end up with a window seat. Usually, we end up with a window seat. So, I can see how it would be helpful So, I can see how it would be helpful So, I can see how it would be helpful like when your tray is up or if the kids like when your tray is up or if the kids like when your tray is up or if the kids are doing something and you want a spot are doing something and you want a spot are doing something and you want a spot to put your drink cuz mine if I sit it to put your drink cuz mine if I sit it to put your drink cuz mine if I sit it on the floor, it ends up falling over on the floor, it ends up falling over on the floor, it ends up falling over and it's just a whole thing. So, I'm and it's just a whole thing. So, I'm and it's just a whole thing. So, I'm hoping hoping hoping I'm hoping this will be helpful, but I'm hoping this will be helpful, but I'm hoping this will be helpful, but we'll see. I'll report back. Another we'll see. I'll report back. Another we'll see. I'll report back. Another thing I got was the airplane pocket. thing I got was the airplane pocket. thing I got was the airplane pocket. Now, some of this stuff is just for Now, some of this stuff is just for Now, some of this stuff is just for science. It's like you don't have to science. It's like you don't have to science. It's like you don't have to have all of this stuff. Um I want to have all of this stuff. Um I want to have all of this stuff. Um I want to test out a couple of different options test out a couple of different options test out a couple of different options and see like which one I like. And then and see like which one I like. And then and see like which one I like. And then we'll we'll have a solid wreck when it we'll we'll have a solid wreck when it we'll we'll have a solid wreck when it comes to these things. So, it goes over comes to these things. So, it goes over comes to these things. So, it goes over the airplane tray and then you have all the airplane tray and then you have all the airplane tray and then you have all these pockets and things that you can these pockets and things that you can these pockets and things that you can put stuff in. So, I don't know. I'm put stuff in. So, I don't know. I'm put stuff in. So, I don't know. I'm curious to see which one I like better. curious to see which one I like better. curious to see which one I like better. I feel like this is going to be I feel like this is going to be I feel like this is going to be a little more flexible. No pun intended, a little more flexible. No pun intended, a little more flexible. No pun intended, the fact that it's like jersey stretchy the fact that it's like jersey stretchy the fact that it's like jersey stretchy material. Um, but we'll see. I don't material. Um, but we'll see. I don't material. Um, but we'll see. I don't know. Um, got these. They are lollipops. know. Um, got these. They are lollipops. know. Um, got these. They are lollipops. I actually ordered a few things from the I actually ordered a few things from the I actually ordered a few things from the beekeepers naturals. I saw somebody beekeepers naturals. I saw somebody beekeepers naturals. I saw somebody talking about it. I was in the depths of talking about it. I was in the depths of talking about it. I was in the depths of coming home from Disney from our win coming home from Disney from our win coming home from Disney from our win ourh Christmas trip in November. We were ourh Christmas trip in November. We were ourh Christmas trip in November. We were sick with the flu for 3 weeks. So, I was sick with the flu for 3 weeks. So, I was sick with the flu for 3 weeks. So, I was a little like PTSD. I saw this thing. a little like PTSD. I saw this thing. a little like PTSD. I saw this thing. this girl was talking about and it's this girl was talking about and it's this girl was talking about and it's like clean products and I'm like I want like clean products and I'm like I want like clean products and I'm like I want to be crunchy. I'm not I'm kind of to be crunchy. I'm not I'm kind of to be crunchy. I'm not I'm kind of silky. I'm I'm in the middle. I feel silky. I'm I'm in the middle. I feel silky. I'm I'm in the middle. I feel like I'm scrunchy, but I also like I'm scrunchy, but I also like I'm scrunchy, but I also simultaneously have clean natural simultaneously have clean natural simultaneously have clean natural product fatigue because nobody can make product fatigue because nobody can make product fatigue because nobody can make their mind up. One minute it's clean, their mind up. One minute it's clean, their mind up. One minute it's clean, one minute it's toxic. I I just need one minute it's toxic. I I just need one minute it's toxic. I I just need them I I need I need everybody to make them I I need I need everybody to make them I I need I need everybody to make up their mind like is it clean? Is it up their mind like is it clean? Is it up their mind like is it clean? Is it toxic? Cuz I can't handle the whiplash. toxic? Cuz I can't handle the whiplash. toxic? Cuz I can't handle the whiplash. So yeah, that's where that's where I'm So yeah, that's where that's where I'm So yeah, that's where that's where I'm at with that. But these are supposed to at with that. But these are supposed to at with that. But these are supposed to be great. They have um honey, vitamin D, be great. They have um honey, vitamin D, be great. They have um honey, vitamin D, they have zinc, and they're supposed to they have zinc, and they're supposed to they have zinc, and they're supposed to be helpful if they have scratchy be helpful if they have scratchy be helpful if they have scratchy throats. And it also kind of gets throats. And it also kind of gets throats. And it also kind of gets vitamins in it. I'm not saying it's vitamins in it. I'm not saying it's vitamins in it. I'm not saying it's replacing a vitamin. I'm not a doctor. replacing a vitamin. I'm not a doctor. replacing a vitamin. I'm not a doctor. You don't see a white coat. I didn't go You don't see a white coat. I didn't go You don't see a white coat. I didn't go to school for that. Um but it has good to school for that. Um but it has good to school for that. Um but it has good ingredients and hopefully it'll help. ingredients and hopefully it'll help. ingredients and hopefully it'll help. Maybe. I don't know. I just don't want Maybe. I don't know. I just don't want Maybe. I don't know. I just don't want to come home sick with the flu again. to come home sick with the flu again. to come home sick with the flu again. Okay, that was like brutal. Okay, got a Okay, that was like brutal. Okay, got a Okay, that was like brutal. Okay, got a couple of little cutesy outfit things couple of little cutesy outfit things couple of little cutesy outfit things here. Poor here. Poor here. Poor Bella. If you have a Marie fan, buckle Bella. If you have a Marie fan, buckle Bella. If you have a Marie fan, buckle up. Get ready to add to cart. So, this up. Get ready to add to cart. So, this up. Get ready to add to cart. So, this is a cute little set. She is into is a cute little set. She is into is a cute little set. She is into anything cats and especially Marie. So, anything cats and especially Marie. So, anything cats and especially Marie. So, it's got this little like pepleum top, it's got this little like pepleum top, it's got this little like pepleum top, long sleeve t-shirt. It's like a ribbed long sleeve t-shirt. It's like a ribbed long sleeve t-shirt. It's like a ribbed material. I don't know if it'll focus on material. I don't know if it'll focus on material. I don't know if it'll focus on that. It's like ribbed material. Super that. It's like ribbed material. Super that. It's like ribbed material. Super cute. Comes with pants. So, it's kind of cute. Comes with pants. So, it's kind of cute. Comes with pants. So, it's kind of w It should be I feel like winter at w It should be I feel like winter at w It should be I feel like winter at Disney. So, even if it warms up into say Disney. So, even if it warms up into say Disney. So, even if it warms up into say the 70s, I feel like she's still going the 70s, I feel like she's still going the 70s, I feel like she's still going to be comfortable in this material, but to be comfortable in this material, but to be comfortable in this material, but we can also layer a sweater and a jacket we can also layer a sweater and a jacket we can also layer a sweater and a jacket over it, something like that, and be over it, something like that, and be over it, something like that, and be able to warm her up if it does dip able to warm her up if it does dip able to warm her up if it does dip cooler. Um, another Marie item I got. cooler. Um, another Marie item I got. cooler. Um, another Marie item I got. [snorts] I'm sorry. My husband and [snorts] I'm sorry. My husband and [snorts] I'm sorry. My husband and brother are working in the garage and brother are working in the garage and brother are working in the garage and installing these like shelf things. So, installing these like shelf things. So, installing these like shelf things. So, if you hear drilling, that is them. And if you hear drilling, that is them. And if you hear drilling, that is them. And they're like vibrating the entire house. they're like vibrating the entire house. they're like vibrating the entire house. Hold on. I need scissors for this. Hold on. I need scissors for this. Hold on. I need scissors for this. Okay, Okay, Okay, so here's a little Marie sweater. so here's a little Marie sweater. so here's a little Marie sweater. [snorts] Again, I she could throw this [snorts] Again, I she could throw this [snorts] Again, I she could throw this over that. Super cute. Got Marie, her over that. Super cute. Got Marie, her over that. Super cute. Got Marie, her pink bow. Got the little details kind of pink bow. Got the little details kind of pink bow. Got the little details kind of fuzzy on the sleeves, but she will be fuzzy on the sleeves, but she will be fuzzy on the sleeves, but she will be able to kind of layer that on. I thought able to kind of layer that on. I thought able to kind of layer that on. I thought that was cute. Um, let's see. Where are that was cute. Um, let's see. Where are that was cute. Um, let's see. Where are the other I know I got those sprays. the other I know I got those sprays. the other I know I got those sprays. Where are the sprays? Where are the sprays? Where are the sprays? Got to have swore I put them in here. Got to have swore I put them in here. Got to have swore I put them in here. Hold up. Okay, so these are the sprays that I Okay, so these are the sprays that I Okay, so these are the sprays that I got. They don't taste great. They don't got. They don't taste great. They don't got. They don't taste great. They don't taste terrible. They're just kind of taste terrible. They're just kind of taste terrible. They're just kind of like it's a vitamin if it helps me. I like it's a vitamin if it helps me. I like it's a vitamin if it helps me. I don't mind it. Kind of that's that's don't mind it. Kind of that's that's don't mind it. Kind of that's that's where we're at with the taste of these. where we're at with the taste of these. where we're at with the taste of these. So, we have the immune support for adult So, we have the immune support for adult So, we have the immune support for adult spray and then they also have a kids spray and then they also have a kids spray and then they also have a kids spray that you can do. Um, the adult one spray that you can do. Um, the adult one spray that you can do. Um, the adult one is four sprays four times a day. Shake is four sprays four times a day. Shake is four sprays four times a day. Shake well. Doesn't tell me the age on this well. Doesn't tell me the age on this well. Doesn't tell me the age on this one. Children ages 1 to 12. Okay, so one. Children ages 1 to 12. Okay, so one. Children ages 1 to 12. Okay, so this one's 1 to 12 and then this is, I this one's 1 to 12 and then this is, I this one's 1 to 12 and then this is, I guess, 12 plus. So, I don't know. We'll guess, 12 plus. So, I don't know. We'll guess, 12 plus. So, I don't know. We'll see. Again, I bought that out of PTSD of see. Again, I bought that out of PTSD of see. Again, I bought that out of PTSD of being sick. So, we'll see if it helps or being sick. So, we'll see if it helps or being sick. So, we'll see if it helps or not. I don't know. I'm hoping it does. not. I don't know. I'm hoping it does. not. I don't know. I'm hoping it does. Hoping something helps. Um, and then we Hoping something helps. Um, and then we Hoping something helps. Um, and then we got a cooler. This will be better, got a cooler. This will be better, got a cooler. This will be better, especially in the summertime, to load it especially in the summertime, to load it especially in the summertime, to load it up with water. Um, we can do snacks and up with water. Um, we can do snacks and up with water. Um, we can do snacks and juices and things like that for being juices and things like that for being juices and things like that for being able to pack things from the room. We've able to pack things from the room. We've able to pack things from the room. We've not had a great cooler. A lot of ours not had a great cooler. A lot of ours not had a great cooler. A lot of ours have started to leak and we had like have started to leak and we had like have started to leak and we had like baby bottle ones, but when you would put baby bottle ones, but when you would put baby bottle ones, but when you would put the bag of ice in it, I just I stopped the bag of ice in it, I just I stopped the bag of ice in it, I just I stopped using them because when you would put using them because when you would put using them because when you would put the ice in it, it would melt and leak the ice in it, it would melt and leak the ice in it, it would melt and leak out and then it would leak out of the out and then it would leak out of the out and then it would leak out of the cooler bag and then it was getting cooler bag and then it was getting cooler bag and then it was getting everything around it wet. Or if it was everything around it wet. Or if it was everything around it wet. Or if it was in your backpack, it was getting in your backpack, it was getting in your backpack, it was getting everything in your backpack wet and I everything in your backpack wet and I everything in your backpack wet and I was just like [clears throat] was just like [clears throat] was just like [clears throat] I just we were out of the toddler phase I just we were out of the toddler phase I just we were out of the toddler phase and so yeah, we just weren't using that. and so yeah, we just weren't using that. and so yeah, we just weren't using that. But I want to do bottles of water, all But I want to do bottles of water, all But I want to do bottles of water, all that good stuff in here. And I'm that good stuff in here. And I'm that good stuff in here. And I'm thinking some snacks and things would be thinking some snacks and things would be thinking some snacks and things would be helpful in there as well. But one thing helpful in there as well. But one thing helpful in there as well. But one thing that I'm really excited about is these that I'm really excited about is these that I'm really excited about is these little guys. And they actually are for little guys. And they actually are for little guys. And they actually are for holding ice. But holding ice. But holding ice. But and these would be great like for and these would be great like for and these would be great like for camping or taking the stuff to the park. camping or taking the stuff to the park. camping or taking the stuff to the park. Like we're going to use this and do like Like we're going to use this and do like Like we're going to use this and do like park lunches and things cuz we've like park lunches and things cuz we've like park lunches and things cuz we've like okay we we can do this as we get out okay we we can do this as we get out okay we we can do this as we get out more. But these more. But these more. But these hold ice. So you put the Let's see. You hold ice. So you put the Let's see. You hold ice. So you put the Let's see. You fold it this way. So you put all of the fold it this way. So you put all of the fold it this way. So you put all of the ice inside of the bag. You slide the ice inside of the bag. You slide the ice inside of the bag. You slide the little sealer over it. Hold on. little sealer over it. Hold on. little sealer over it. Hold on. Slide the little sealer over it and then Slide the little sealer over it and then Slide the little sealer over it and then you can roll it up. But it has a spout you can roll it up. But it has a spout you can roll it up. But it has a spout on the other end of it. So as your ice on the other end of it. So as your ice on the other end of it. So as your ice melts, you are now also getting water. melts, you are now also getting water. melts, you are now also getting water. So, you can refill water bottles or do So, you can refill water bottles or do So, you can refill water bottles or do anything like that with these. So, I'm anything like that with these. So, I'm anything like that with these. So, I'm really hoping I'm hoping this works really hoping I'm hoping this works really hoping I'm hoping this works well. So, we're going to test it out for well. So, we're going to test it out for well. So, we're going to test it out for science. See if it can hang. Um, I'm science. See if it can hang. Um, I'm science. See if it can hang. Um, I'm excited to try it now. I think the real excited to try it now. I think the real excited to try it now. I think the real test will be in the summertime or as it test will be in the summertime or as it test will be in the summertime or as it like warms up. So, maybe spring summer like warms up. So, maybe spring summer like warms up. So, maybe spring summer at Disney. I think those things are at Disney. I think those things are at Disney. I think those things are going to be great. But those are Let's going to be great. But those are Let's going to be great. But those are Let's see. Um, I also got this. Okay. Yeah, I see. Um, I also got this. Okay. Yeah, I see. Um, I also got this. Okay. Yeah, I think this I think this is all I got think this I think this is all I got think this I think this is all I got this one. Um, it is a poke and art. It this one. Um, it is a poke and art. It this one. Um, it is a poke and art. It was on sale. Lucy is up obsessed with was on sale. Lucy is up obsessed with was on sale. Lucy is up obsessed with stitch, stitch, stitch, but I'm rethinking that I want to do but I'm rethinking that I want to do but I'm rethinking that I want to do this as a travel toy because it has 500 this as a travel toy because it has 500 this as a travel toy because it has 500 plus fabric squares that you do the plus fabric squares that you do the plus fabric squares that you do the little like poke stuff with. It says little like poke stuff with. It says little like poke stuff with. It says messfree messfree messfree and in the way it is, but again, it has and in the way it is, but again, it has and in the way it is, but again, it has fabric squares, little teeny tiny fabric fabric squares, little teeny tiny fabric fabric squares, little teeny tiny fabric squares. And I'm just picturing the bag squares. And I'm just picturing the bag squares. And I'm just picturing the bag getting accidentally dumped all over the getting accidentally dumped all over the getting accidentally dumped all over the airplane floor. And to me, that's not airplane floor. And to me, that's not airplane floor. And to me, that's not messfree. I don't plan on packing a messfree. I don't plan on packing a messfree. I don't plan on packing a vacuum to clean all this up. And I vacuum to clean all this up. And I vacuum to clean all this up. And I really don't want to be like picking up really don't want to be like picking up really don't want to be like picking up Yeah. So, I think this is going to be a Yeah. So, I think this is going to be a Yeah. So, I think this is going to be a home project. I don't think we're going home project. I don't think we're going home project. I don't think we're going to take that on the road. [laughter] Um, to take that on the road. [laughter] Um, to take that on the road. [laughter] Um, but yeah, that's that for my little mini but yeah, that's that for my little mini but yeah, that's that for my little mini haul of some randomy things that we've haul of some randomy things that we've haul of some randomy things that we've gotten. Uh, we've really not needed a gotten. Uh, we've really not needed a gotten. Uh, we've really not needed a ton for this trip, but yeah, that's ton for this trip, but yeah, that's ton for this trip, but yeah, that's that. So, we're going to keep going. that. So, we're going to keep going. that. So, we're going to keep going. Yes, it's January. My tree is not down Yes, it's January. My tree is not down Yes, it's January. My tree is not down yet. It We're just It's gonna come down. yet. It We're just It's gonna come down. yet. It We're just It's gonna come down. Don't worry, it's gonna come down. But Don't worry, it's gonna come down. But Don't worry, it's gonna come down. But the next thing that I want to do is to the next thing that I want to do is to the next thing that I want to do is to load up my Disney gift cards. So, my load up my Disney gift cards. So, my load up my Disney gift cards. So, my personal favorite is to buy them at personal favorite is to buy them at personal favorite is to buy them at Kroger. I get the fuel points. If you've Kroger. I get the fuel points. If you've Kroger. I get the fuel points. If you've been around, you're probably like, been around, you're probably like, been around, you're probably like, "Okay, God, not again with the gift "Okay, God, not again with the gift "Okay, God, not again with the gift cards, but there's a lot of you that cards, but there's a lot of you that cards, but there's a lot of you that like haven't heard that tip." So, I'm like haven't heard that tip." So, I'm like haven't heard that tip." So, I'm sharing for those that haven't. Okay. sharing for those that haven't. Okay. sharing for those that haven't. Okay. But these that is one of my favorite But these that is one of my favorite But these that is one of my favorite places to get them. At least for us here places to get them. At least for us here places to get them. At least for us here in the South. I'm in middle Tennessee, in the South. I'm in middle Tennessee, in the South. I'm in middle Tennessee, so that's kind of where we like to grab so that's kind of where we like to grab so that's kind of where we like to grab our gift cards from. to get the fuel our gift cards from. to get the fuel our gift cards from. to get the fuel points and it saves us a ton of money. points and it saves us a ton of money. points and it saves us a ton of money. You can get up to 35 gallons and that You can get up to 35 gallons and that You can get up to 35 gallons and that almost fills up mine and my husband's almost fills up mine and my husband's almost fills up mine and my husband's car with one fillup and we'll get it for car with one fillup and we'll get it for car with one fillup and we'll get it for like 9 cents a gallon or something crazy like 9 cents a gallon or something crazy like 9 cents a gallon or something crazy um when I can use my fuel points. Not um when I can use my fuel points. Not um when I can use my fuel points. Not every Kroger does that, but here in our every Kroger does that, but here in our every Kroger does that, but here in our area it does. So, for if you're a fellow area it does. So, for if you're a fellow area it does. So, for if you're a fellow middle Tennesseeian, then that works middle Tennesseeian, then that works middle Tennesseeian, then that works great for you guys. If you're still great for you guys. If you're still great for you guys. If you're still getting a dollar off each fill up is getting a dollar off each fill up is getting a dollar off each fill up is great. Um, savings are savings no matter great. Um, savings are savings no matter great. Um, savings are savings no matter if they're like spread out or if they're if they're like spread out or if they're if they're like spread out or if they're all in one lump sum. I feel like it's all in one lump sum. I feel like it's all in one lump sum. I feel like it's saving a lot of money. You can also get saving a lot of money. You can also get saving a lot of money. You can also get them for 5% off at Target. Sometimes you them for 5% off at Target. Sometimes you them for 5% off at Target. Sometimes you can stack them. Unfortunately, now it's can stack them. Unfortunately, now it's can stack them. Unfortunately, now it's not a free coupon. Usually, it's with not a free coupon. Usually, it's with not a free coupon. Usually, it's with their paid like 360. So, unless you're a their paid like 360. So, unless you're a their paid like 360. So, unless you're a really frequent Target shopper, it may really frequent Target shopper, it may really frequent Target shopper, it may or may not make sense for you to pay to or may not make sense for you to pay to or may not make sense for you to pay to get the discount cuz it may end up being get the discount cuz it may end up being get the discount cuz it may end up being a wash for you. Who knows? Um, so it a wash for you. Who knows? Um, so it a wash for you. Who knows? Um, so it just depends on how many gift cards just depends on how many gift cards just depends on how many gift cards you're doing. I have budgeted for us for you're doing. I have budgeted for us for you're doing. I have budgeted for us for food and souvenirs, $1,000, um, for a food and souvenirs, $1,000, um, for a food and souvenirs, $1,000, um, for a full week, Saturday to Saturday, our full week, Saturday to Saturday, our full week, Saturday to Saturday, our family of four. So, that's kind of what family of four. So, that's kind of what family of four. So, that's kind of what we're looking at. But, I want to add we're looking at. But, I want to add we're looking at. But, I want to add them to my gift card. So, I'm going to them to my gift card. So, I'm going to them to my gift card. So, I'm going to go on disneygiftcard.com go on disneygiftcard.com go on disneygiftcard.com and I am going to be able to add them to and I am going to be able to add them to and I am going to be able to add them to a gift card that I've already bought. If a gift card that I've already bought. If a gift card that I've already bought. If you buy one digitally from the Disney you buy one digitally from the Disney you buy one digitally from the Disney Store, if you go on disneytore.com, I Store, if you go on disneytore.com, I Store, if you go on disneytore.com, I [snorts] bought a $25 one, I think, when [snorts] bought a $25 one, I think, when [snorts] bought a $25 one, I think, when I got it started. You can add that to I got it started. You can add that to I got it started. You can add that to your mobile wallet. I've put the mobile your mobile wallet. I've put the mobile your mobile wallet. I've put the mobile wallet gift card. Follow me here. It's a wallet gift card. Follow me here. It's a wallet gift card. Follow me here. It's a money trail, but we're getting there. money trail, but we're getting there. money trail, but we're getting there. It's not like shady though. Not a shady It's not like shady though. Not a shady It's not like shady though. Not a shady money trail. It's a good money trail. money trail. It's a good money trail. money trail. It's a good money trail. But I have the gift card that I have But I have the gift card that I have But I have the gift card that I have loaded onto my Apple Wallet cuz they an loaded onto my Apple Wallet cuz they an loaded onto my Apple Wallet cuz they an iPhone. So, we've got that. And then I'm iPhone. So, we've got that. And then I'm iPhone. So, we've got that. And then I'm going to go on Disney gift card, add going to go on Disney gift card, add going to go on Disney gift card, add these gift cards, and transfer them over these gift cards, and transfer them over these gift cards, and transfer them over to the card that's in my Apple Wallet so to the card that's in my Apple Wallet so to the card that's in my Apple Wallet so that it is there and I can have the that it is there and I can have the that it is there and I can have the barcode that I can be able to scan. I'm barcode that I can be able to scan. I'm barcode that I can be able to scan. I'm not having to fiddle through my purse not having to fiddle through my purse not having to fiddle through my purse and find the gift card. And then it's and find the gift card. And then it's and find the gift card. And then it's really easy no matter if I have my really easy no matter if I have my really easy no matter if I have my wallet on me or wherever. If I don't wallet on me or wherever. If I don't wallet on me or wherever. If I don't even want to take a wallet, I don't have even want to take a wallet, I don't have even want to take a wallet, I don't have to do that. I can be hands-free, cash to do that. I can be hands-free, cash to do that. I can be hands-free, cash free kind of thing and be able to just free kind of thing and be able to just free kind of thing and be able to just scan those cuz almost all of the places scan those cuz almost all of the places scan those cuz almost all of the places I've never not really run into one that I've never not really run into one that I've never not really run into one that didn't take it. Um, so it works out didn't take it. Um, so it works out didn't take it. Um, so it works out great. But that is what I'm going to do great. But that is what I'm going to do great. But that is what I'm going to do really quickly so I can have that all really quickly so I can have that all really quickly so I can have that all loaded up. So once we get to Disney and loaded up. So once we get to Disney and loaded up. So once we get to Disney and we're like, "Okay, we need food. we need we're like, "Okay, we need food. we need we're like, "Okay, we need food. we need this or that, I can do that. But that this or that, I can do that. But that this or that, I can do that. But that way we are ready to go. It's funded. And way we are ready to go. It's funded. And way we are ready to go. It's funded. And also seeing that gift card balance like also seeing that gift card balance like also seeing that gift card balance like getting lower and lower. It's one of getting lower and lower. It's one of getting lower and lower. It's one of those, you know, like, okay, we got to those, you know, like, okay, we got to those, you know, like, okay, we got to watch our spending or it's the last day watch our spending or it's the last day watch our spending or it's the last day and you're like, all right, we can do a and you're like, all right, we can do a and you're like, all right, we can do a big hurrah, whatever. Kids pick out big hurrah, whatever. Kids pick out big hurrah, whatever. Kids pick out whatever you want in the gift shop cuz whatever you want in the gift shop cuz whatever you want in the gift shop cuz we've got Disney card left over if you we've got Disney card left over if you we've got Disney card left over if you want to do that. Or if you're like, oh, want to do that. Or if you're like, oh, want to do that. Or if you're like, oh, if we save this and we like stay with a if we save this and we like stay with a if we save this and we like stay with a budget, we've actually got enough that budget, we've actually got enough that budget, we've actually got enough that we could start and like book the next we could start and like book the next we could start and like book the next trip. So, however you do it, I'm going trip. So, however you do it, I'm going trip. So, however you do it, I'm going to go ahead and get my gift cards done, to go ahead and get my gift cards done, to go ahead and get my gift cards done, though. Another day, another round of though. Another day, another round of though. Another day, another round of vacation prep. And today, I'm working on vacation prep. And today, I'm working on vacation prep. And today, I'm working on my grocery list. Kind of getting that my grocery list. Kind of getting that my grocery list. Kind of getting that started. I have my grocery cheat sheet started. I have my grocery cheat sheet started. I have my grocery cheat sheet here. Um, for those of you that are in here. Um, for those of you that are in here. Um, for those of you that are in Pixie Dusted Memories, which is my Pixie Dusted Memories, which is my Pixie Dusted Memories, which is my full-blown Disney planning guide, start full-blown Disney planning guide, start full-blown Disney planning guide, start to finish the whole thing. Um, it is in to finish the whole thing. Um, it is in to finish the whole thing. Um, it is in there. If you're not, you can use a note there. If you're not, you can use a note there. If you're not, you can use a note on your phone. You can use a regular on your phone. You can use a regular on your phone. You can use a regular notebook, paper, whatever. This just has notebook, paper, whatever. This just has notebook, paper, whatever. This just has some extra like little bonus tips and some extra like little bonus tips and some extra like little bonus tips and things in there. So, if you're things in there. So, if you're things in there. So, if you're interested in that, I have a link down interested in that, I have a link down interested in that, I have a link down below. Um, but just want to share like below. Um, but just want to share like below. Um, but just want to share like where things are from. So, I'm going to where things are from. So, I'm going to where things are from. So, I'm going to go ahead and just start writing down go ahead and just start writing down go ahead and just start writing down some things that I want on here. Um, and some things that I want on here. Um, and some things that I want on here. Um, and I want to make sure I don't forget. And I want to make sure I don't forget. And I want to make sure I don't forget. And then as I'm slowly packing over the next then as I'm slowly packing over the next then as I'm slowly packing over the next few days, anything that I run into, if I few days, anything that I run into, if I few days, anything that I run into, if I want to order extra grocery items that I want to order extra grocery items that I want to order extra grocery items that I might think of through the rest of the might think of through the rest of the might think of through the rest of the week, cuz we are 6 days out now, um, if week, cuz we are 6 days out now, um, if week, cuz we are 6 days out now, um, if we're doing that or if I think of we're doing that or if I think of we're doing that or if I think of toiletry items or whatever that I'm toiletry items or whatever that I'm toiletry items or whatever that I'm like, you know what, I don't want to like, you know what, I don't want to like, you know what, I don't want to pack that. We're just going to order it pack that. We're just going to order it pack that. We're just going to order it instead. Um, that is another great instead. Um, that is another great instead. Um, that is another great option. It can save some space. Um, option. It can save some space. Um, option. It can save some space. Um, especially when the kids were little, especially when the kids were little, especially when the kids were little, diapers, wipes, all that stuff. Don't diapers, wipes, all that stuff. Don't diapers, wipes, all that stuff. Don't pack it. Order it. It saves so much pack it. Order it. It saves so much pack it. Order it. It saves so much space in your suitcase. Um, and also space in your suitcase. Um, and also space in your suitcase. Um, and also you're not maybe having to pack so many you're not maybe having to pack so many you're not maybe having to pack so many bags because of that. Enough to get bags because of that. Enough to get bags because of that. Enough to get there and then you're good to go. But there and then you're good to go. But there and then you're good to go. But for me, we are going to do some bottled for me, we are going to do some bottled for me, we are going to do some bottled water. We'll do some bananas. Um, the water. We'll do some bananas. Um, the water. We'll do some bananas. Um, the girls like to eat those. We will do some girls like to eat those. We will do some girls like to eat those. We will do some of the muffins, the little like little of the muffins, the little like little of the muffins, the little like little bites muffins. The girls like those um bites muffins. The girls like those um bites muffins. The girls like those um when we're on our trips. Um let's see. when we're on our trips. Um let's see. when we're on our trips. Um let's see. I'll do some iced coffee I'll do some iced coffee I'll do some iced coffee for the room cuz sometimes it's just for the room cuz sometimes it's just for the room cuz sometimes it's just nice to have some fresh coffee there. nice to have some fresh coffee there. nice to have some fresh coffee there. We'll do creamer. Um I'll do some shelf We'll do creamer. Um I'll do some shelf We'll do creamer. Um I'll do some shelf stable chocolate milk. So, I'm going stable chocolate milk. So, I'm going stable chocolate milk. So, I'm going ahead and getting that together. That ahead and getting that together. That ahead and getting that together. That way when it's time to place the order, way when it's time to place the order, way when it's time to place the order, I'm not forgetting things. So, as you I'm not forgetting things. So, as you I'm not forgetting things. So, as you think of things, definitely write them think of things, definitely write them think of things, definitely write them down. Do not leave it up in your brain down. Do not leave it up in your brain down. Do not leave it up in your brain to like try to remember everything. Hold to like try to remember everything. Hold to like try to remember everything. Hold on, I got to sneeze. on, I got to sneeze. on, I got to sneeze. Sorry, I had to sneeze. But seriously, Sorry, I had to sneeze. But seriously, Sorry, I had to sneeze. But seriously, don't leave it in your brain. Write it don't leave it in your brain. Write it don't leave it in your brain. Write it down. Let let something help you because down. Let let something help you because down. Let let something help you because it gets very overwhelming if you're like it gets very overwhelming if you're like it gets very overwhelming if you're like trying to just balance everything in trying to just balance everything in trying to just balance everything in your head. So, seriously, write it down. your head. So, seriously, write it down. your head. So, seriously, write it down. Do those things. Um, next up on my list Do those things. Um, next up on my list Do those things. Um, next up on my list kind of goes with groceries, but that is kind of goes with groceries, but that is kind of goes with groceries, but that is also to order a Walmart gift card from also to order a Walmart gift card from also to order a Walmart gift card from Fetch. I use that app. Um, and I will Fetch. I use that app. Um, and I will Fetch. I use that app. Um, and I will link it down below if you want to get link it down below if you want to get link it down below if you want to get it. It's great. You can scan receipts it. It's great. You can scan receipts it. It's great. You can scan receipts with it, but then you can also link it with it, but then you can also link it with it, but then you can also link it to your email. You can link it if you, to your email. You can link it if you, to your email. You can link it if you, like I said, do Walmart Plus. It'll do like I said, do Walmart Plus. It'll do like I said, do Walmart Plus. It'll do like receipts from that if you have a like receipts from that if you have a like receipts from that if you have a Sam's Club membership. If you have, I Sam's Club membership. If you have, I Sam's Club membership. If you have, I think might even do Costco. So, you can think might even do Costco. So, you can think might even do Costco. So, you can earn points basically for all of the earn points basically for all of the earn points basically for all of the purchases that you're making. Some items purchases that you're making. Some items purchases that you're making. Some items give you more points than others. We'll give you more points than others. We'll give you more points than others. We'll save the points and then usually I'll save the points and then usually I'll save the points and then usually I'll use it towards our Disney grocery bill use it towards our Disney grocery bill use it towards our Disney grocery bill and it's like getting free groceries out and it's like getting free groceries out and it's like getting free groceries out of what we've already spent when things of what we've already spent when things of what we've already spent when things are so expensive already. It just every are so expensive already. It just every are so expensive already. It just every little bit helps when you're like trying little bit helps when you're like trying little bit helps when you're like trying to put things together. Or if you want to put things together. Or if you want to put things together. Or if you want to add up, you can do again the Disney to add up, you can do again the Disney to add up, you can do again the Disney gift cards and you're like, "All right, gift cards and you're like, "All right, gift cards and you're like, "All right, I'm going to try to save up enough so we I'm going to try to save up enough so we I'm going to try to save up enough so we can do a character meal or whatever." can do a character meal or whatever." can do a character meal or whatever." You can can turn these into um you can You can can turn these into um you can You can can turn these into um you can do Starbucks. There's Amazon gift cards, do Starbucks. There's Amazon gift cards, do Starbucks. There's Amazon gift cards, all kinds of restaurant gift cards. Um all kinds of restaurant gift cards. Um all kinds of restaurant gift cards. Um so yeah, it's we love this app. So if so yeah, it's we love this app. So if so yeah, it's we love this app. So if you haven't downloaded it, definitely you haven't downloaded it, definitely you haven't downloaded it, definitely check it out. Download it. I think if check it out. Download it. I think if check it out. Download it. I think if you use my code, you get like either two you use my code, you get like either two you use my code, you get like either two or four. It kind of varies. Sometimes or four. It kind of varies. Sometimes or four. It kind of varies. Sometimes it's 2,000, sometimes it's 4,000 bonus it's 2,000, sometimes it's 4,000 bonus it's 2,000, sometimes it's 4,000 bonus points. So there you go. Wanted to share points. So there you go. Wanted to share points. So there you go. Wanted to share that. That's just something that we that. That's just something that we that. That's just something that we consistently do. So, sharing is caring consistently do. So, sharing is caring consistently do. So, sharing is caring because I love being able to get our because I love being able to get our because I love being able to get our points. So, they will send me that gift points. So, they will send me that gift points. So, they will send me that gift card in a few days and then I can card in a few days and then I can card in a few days and then I can officially order our groceries. If officially order our groceries. If officially order our groceries. If packing stresses you out, then don't do packing stresses you out, then don't do packing stresses you out, then don't do it all in one day. That is exactly why it all in one day. That is exactly why it all in one day. That is exactly why I'm kind of sharing these videos the way I'm kind of sharing these videos the way I'm kind of sharing these videos the way I am is I'm doing a group or a category I am is I'm doing a group or a category I am is I'm doing a group or a category each day. Or if it's an easy category, each day. Or if it's an easy category, each day. Or if it's an easy category, I'm doing two categories in a day. So, I'm doing two categories in a day. So, I'm doing two categories in a day. So, today we're doing groceries. I'm doing today we're doing groceries. I'm doing today we're doing groceries. I'm doing resort things. And then I'm also going resort things. And then I'm also going resort things. And then I'm also going to take care of toiletries. That way if to take care of toiletries. That way if to take care of toiletries. That way if I don't have anything, I can either know I don't have anything, I can either know I don't have anything, I can either know to pick it up at the store because we to pick it up at the store because we to pick it up at the store because we are 6 days out and I don't want to have are 6 days out and I don't want to have are 6 days out and I don't want to have that last minute crazy rush cuz I just I that last minute crazy rush cuz I just I that last minute crazy rush cuz I just I personally don't enjoy it. If you do and personally don't enjoy it. If you do and personally don't enjoy it. If you do and you thrive in that, go for it. Whatever you thrive in that, go for it. Whatever you thrive in that, go for it. Whatever you thrive in, you do it. But if if it you thrive in, you do it. But if if it you thrive in, you do it. But if if it stresses you out like it does me and stresses you out like it does me and stresses you out like it does me and doing things super last minute, like I doing things super last minute, like I doing things super last minute, like I can get it done, but I'd rather not. I'd can get it done, but I'd rather not. I'd can get it done, but I'd rather not. I'd rather be like in vacation mode, rather be like in vacation mode, rather be like in vacation mode, chilling, making sure that I can like chilling, making sure that I can like chilling, making sure that I can like tidy the house or do things before we tidy the house or do things before we tidy the house or do things before we leave and just kind of ready to just leave and just kind of ready to just leave and just kind of ready to just ease into vacation mode instead of ease into vacation mode instead of ease into vacation mode instead of running into it like it's a sprint. So, running into it like it's a sprint. So, running into it like it's a sprint. So, for this, I have our packing cube for for this, I have our packing cube for for this, I have our packing cube for our resort things. These are things that our resort things. These are things that our resort things. These are things that we take every single time on our trips we take every single time on our trips we take every single time on our trips and really help to tidy our room, help and really help to tidy our room, help and really help to tidy our room, help with sleep, those sorts of things. So, with sleep, those sorts of things. So, with sleep, those sorts of things. So, for one, if you've watched a packing for one, if you've watched a packing for one, if you've watched a packing video, then you've probably seen this, video, then you've probably seen this, video, then you've probably seen this, but this is my foldable but this is my foldable but this is my foldable laundry hammer. Seriously, I love this laundry hammer. Seriously, I love this laundry hammer. Seriously, I love this thing. I am a personal proponent of thing. I am a personal proponent of thing. I am a personal proponent of doing laundry on vacation. I think it doing laundry on vacation. I think it doing laundry on vacation. I think it helps. It's another also great way to helps. It's another also great way to helps. It's another also great way to help you pack less if you're not wanting help you pack less if you're not wanting help you pack less if you're not wanting to pack a bunch of stuff. You can do to pack a bunch of stuff. You can do to pack a bunch of stuff. You can do laundry midway through your trip. Um, laundry midway through your trip. Um, laundry midway through your trip. Um, and it just f I find it really helpful. and it just f I find it really helpful. and it just f I find it really helpful. And even if you don't, this is a great And even if you don't, this is a great And even if you don't, this is a great way to have a spot so you just don't way to have a spot so you just don't way to have a spot so you just don't have dirty clothes just laying around have dirty clothes just laying around have dirty clothes just laying around your hotel room all willy-nilly. And your hotel room all willy-nilly. And your hotel room all willy-nilly. And with that, I am taking my Miss Mouse with that, I am taking my Miss Mouse with that, I am taking my Miss Mouse messy stain spray. This stuff is literal messy stain spray. This stuff is literal messy stain spray. This stuff is literal gold. They've also started making gold. They've also started making gold. They've also started making laundry sheets. I will link these down laundry sheets. I will link these down laundry sheets. I will link these down below. They are so good, but they're the below. They are so good, but they're the below. They are so good, but they're the they're the exact same brand, Mismouths, they're the exact same brand, Mismouths, they're the exact same brand, Mismouths, and I don't have to worry about doing and I don't have to worry about doing and I don't have to worry about doing liquid, and it gets stains out. Like, it liquid, and it gets stains out. Like, it liquid, and it gets stains out. Like, it washes so so stinking well. So, those washes so so stinking well. So, those washes so so stinking well. So, those are some of the resort like laundry are some of the resort like laundry are some of the resort like laundry things. I will take a bottle of dish things. I will take a bottle of dish things. I will take a bottle of dish soap. And then I also take a scrub brush soap. And then I also take a scrub brush soap. And then I also take a scrub brush for being able to wash up any cups or for being able to wash up any cups or for being able to wash up any cups or bottles or things that we might have bottles or things that we might have bottles or things that we might have during the trip. Got some Clorox wipes. during the trip. Got some Clorox wipes. during the trip. Got some Clorox wipes. Sometimes you just need to sanitize Sometimes you just need to sanitize Sometimes you just need to sanitize things, wipe them down. Um, these are things, wipe them down. Um, these are things, wipe them down. Um, these are actually for the stroller. I need to put actually for the stroller. I need to put actually for the stroller. I need to put that with the stroller. Um, and then that with the stroller. Um, and then that with the stroller. Um, and then having an extra pack of tissues. It's having an extra pack of tissues. It's having an extra pack of tissues. It's the winter, so the weather is going 407 the winter, so the weather is going 407 the winter, so the weather is going 407 you guys, but sometimes your nose just you guys, but sometimes your nose just you guys, but sometimes your nose just gets this nice little drip going because gets this nice little drip going because gets this nice little drip going because it's having whiplash of what temperature it's having whiplash of what temperature it's having whiplash of what temperature is it going to be and your body can't is it going to be and your body can't is it going to be and your body can't keep up. So, especially in the winter keep up. So, especially in the winter keep up. So, especially in the winter time, I always make sure to pack time, I always make sure to pack time, I always make sure to pack tissues. It's like you're you may not be tissues. It's like you're you may not be tissues. It's like you're you may not be fully sick, but it's just your nose is fully sick, but it's just your nose is fully sick, but it's just your nose is just like I don't know how to compute just like I don't know how to compute just like I don't know how to compute with this. So, we've got that. Our with this. So, we've got that. Our with this. So, we've got that. Our travel sound machine, we've got this travel sound machine, we've got this travel sound machine, we've got this little guy. Works great. Love this one. little guy. Works great. Love this one. little guy. Works great. Love this one. And you can also, if you are doing naps And you can also, if you are doing naps And you can also, if you are doing naps on the go with your little one, you can on the go with your little one, you can on the go with your little one, you can take this, throw it in the stroller, and take this, throw it in the stroller, and take this, throw it in the stroller, and they can nap there as well if you are so they can nap there as well if you are so they can nap there as well if you are so blessed with a stroller napper. We blessed with a stroller napper. We blessed with a stroller napper. We didn't really get those with the girls. didn't really get those with the girls. didn't really get those with the girls. And so, yeah, Bella kind of did, but not And so, yeah, Bella kind of did, but not And so, yeah, Bella kind of did, but not the best. So, yeah. And then this stuff, the best. So, yeah. And then this stuff, the best. So, yeah. And then this stuff, fantastic. So, this is an inflatable fantastic. So, this is an inflatable fantastic. So, this is an inflatable bumper. So, you can use these on the bumper. So, you can use these on the bumper. So, you can use these on the edge if you're staying at a hotel and edge if you're staying at a hotel and edge if you're staying at a hotel and you don't know if they are going to have you don't know if they are going to have you don't know if they are going to have bed rails or bumpers or if they're like bed rails or bumpers or if they're like bed rails or bumpers or if they're like it's super limited or whatever. Um, a it's super limited or whatever. Um, a it's super limited or whatever. Um, a lot of off-property hotels, Airbnbs, lot of off-property hotels, Airbnbs, lot of off-property hotels, Airbnbs, sometimes it can be hit or miss whether sometimes it can be hit or miss whether sometimes it can be hit or miss whether they have those things. Unfortunately, they have those things. Unfortunately, they have those things. Unfortunately, it's like this is Orlando, like the the it's like this is Orlando, like the the it's like this is Orlando, like the the family travel destination of the world. family travel destination of the world. family travel destination of the world. But, you know, sometimes they don't have But, you know, sometimes they don't have But, you know, sometimes they don't have them. Disney does a really good job, but them. Disney does a really good job, but them. Disney does a really good job, but I take one for us to be able to put in I take one for us to be able to put in I take one for us to be able to put in the middle of the bed. So, I take this the middle of the bed. So, I take this the middle of the bed. So, I take this little air pump. This is also a great little air pump. This is also a great little air pump. This is also a great air pump if you are wanting to in which air pump if you are wanting to in which air pump if you are wanting to in which having some bulkier things for the having some bulkier things for the having some bulkier things for the winter. I may use some of the air winter. I may use some of the air winter. I may use some of the air compression bags to suction down and compression bags to suction down and compression bags to suction down and save some space. It's great for save some space. It's great for save some space. It's great for inflating things like the the inflatable inflating things like the the inflatable inflating things like the the inflatable bumper that I'll put in the middle of bumper that I'll put in the middle of bumper that I'll put in the middle of the bed to kind of make two different the bed to kind of make two different the bed to kind of make two different zones cuz we will be sleeping. Um, at zones cuz we will be sleeping. Um, at zones cuz we will be sleeping. Um, at both of the hotels we're staying at, both of the hotels we're staying at, both of the hotels we're staying at, we'll have two queen beds in the room. we'll have two queen beds in the room. we'll have two queen beds in the room. So, my four and my six-year-old will be So, my four and my six-year-old will be So, my four and my six-year-old will be in those. We've kind of graduated past in those. We've kind of graduated past in those. We've kind of graduated past the slumber pods and the beds and the the slumber pods and the beds and the the slumber pods and the beds and the cribs and all that stuff. So now we're cribs and all that stuff. So now we're cribs and all that stuff. So now we're into like a full-blown adult bed, but into like a full-blown adult bed, but into like a full-blown adult bed, but dividing it into two zones just because dividing it into two zones just because dividing it into two zones just because mom, she's touching me. [laughter] mom, she's touching me. [laughter] mom, she's touching me. [laughter] Happens. It just it's a kid thing. I Happens. It just it's a kid thing. I Happens. It just it's a kid thing. I don't know what it is. It just they do don't know what it is. It just they do don't know what it is. It just they do that. But this is also great if you are that. But this is also great if you are that. But this is also great if you are traveling and you're taking um a trip to traveling and you're taking um a trip to traveling and you're taking um a trip to somewhere and you're taking inflatable somewhere and you're taking inflatable somewhere and you're taking inflatable floats or pool things or whatever. This floats or pool things or whatever. This floats or pool things or whatever. This is also fantastic for that. So those are is also fantastic for that. So those are is also fantastic for that. So those are a couple of like staples that we always a couple of like staples that we always a couple of like staples that we always pack. So, this is all going in this pack. So, this is all going in this pack. So, this is all going in this cube, and it'll make it really easy for cube, and it'll make it really easy for cube, and it'll make it really easy for when we get there. I like to keep this when we get there. I like to keep this when we get there. I like to keep this stuff together so that I can lay it out stuff together so that I can lay it out stuff together so that I can lay it out on the dresser, unzip it, we can start on the dresser, unzip it, we can start on the dresser, unzip it, we can start setting up the bed, we can start kind of setting up the bed, we can start kind of setting up the bed, we can start kind of prepping the laundry like drop zone, and prepping the laundry like drop zone, and prepping the laundry like drop zone, and it literally it will take me less than 5 it literally it will take me less than 5 it literally it will take me less than 5 minutes to do all of these things. And minutes to do all of these things. And minutes to do all of these things. And our room is set up and organized. So, I our room is set up and organized. So, I our room is set up and organized. So, I try to do future me a favor and kind of try to do future me a favor and kind of try to do future me a favor and kind of think ahead, but that's this basket. And think ahead, but that's this basket. And think ahead, but that's this basket. And so, it's already in here. I'm like pre so, it's already in here. I'm like pre so, it's already in here. I'm like pre prepping things, packing things as I go, prepping things, packing things as I go, prepping things, packing things as I go, so it really helps speed things along. so it really helps speed things along. so it really helps speed things along. Well, welcome to the bathroom. I am Well, welcome to the bathroom. I am Well, welcome to the bathroom. I am going to go ahead and get those going to go ahead and get those going to go ahead and get those toiletries done for today, and that will toiletries done for today, and that will toiletries done for today, and that will have me just one step closer to being have me just one step closer to being have me just one step closer to being prepped and ready for a Disney trip. So, prepped and ready for a Disney trip. So, prepped and ready for a Disney trip. So, I have a lot of stuff in here from our I have a lot of stuff in here from our I have a lot of stuff in here from our past trip. When I am going to do this, I past trip. When I am going to do this, I past trip. When I am going to do this, I will take everything out of the bag. I'm will take everything out of the bag. I'm will take everything out of the bag. I'm also probably going to wipe it down a also probably going to wipe it down a also probably going to wipe it down a little bit because there's a lot of little bit because there's a lot of little bit because there's a lot of glitter and stuff in here cuz I'm a mom glitter and stuff in here cuz I'm a mom glitter and stuff in here cuz I'm a mom to two little princesses that love pixie to two little princesses that love pixie to two little princesses that love pixie dust. So, we're going to kind of wipe dust. So, we're going to kind of wipe dust. So, we're going to kind of wipe that down. And then I'm going to start that down. And then I'm going to start that down. And then I'm going to start restocking it, going by both my restocking it, going by both my restocking it, going by both my checklist for my packing list as well as checklist for my packing list as well as checklist for my packing list as well as I like to lay everything out in order of I like to lay everything out in order of I like to lay everything out in order of how I use it. So like if I'm doing my how I use it. So like if I'm doing my how I use it. So like if I'm doing my skinare, if I'm doing a shower, this or skinare, if I'm doing a shower, this or skinare, if I'm doing a shower, this or that, like this is the order of that, like this is the order of that, like this is the order of operations of like I don't know, you operations of like I don't know, you operations of like I don't know, you probably have a shower routine whether probably have a shower routine whether probably have a shower routine whether you've noticed it or not. It's like I you've noticed it or not. It's like I you've noticed it or not. It's like I always wash my hair and then I wash my always wash my hair and then I wash my always wash my hair and then I wash my body and then I conditioner or I do this body and then I conditioner or I do this body and then I conditioner or I do this or I do that. And it's like you have or I do that. And it's like you have or I do that. And it's like you have your routine of like how you do things. your routine of like how you do things. your routine of like how you do things. So stepping through that with your So stepping through that with your So stepping through that with your toiletries helps you know, okay, these toiletries helps you know, okay, these toiletries helps you know, okay, these are the things that I need and it helps are the things that I need and it helps are the things that I need and it helps you not forget things. Another thing I'm you not forget things. Another thing I'm you not forget things. Another thing I'm going to do is I've already put my going to do is I've already put my going to do is I've already put my makeup [clears throat] that I've been makeup [clears throat] that I've been makeup [clears throat] that I've been using in this and I will use out of my using in this and I will use out of my using in this and I will use out of my makeup bag for the week. Sorry, spam makeup bag for the week. Sorry, spam makeup bag for the week. Sorry, spam calls. I will use out of my makeup for calls. I will use out of my makeup for calls. I will use out of my makeup for the week leading up to the trip out of the week leading up to the trip out of the week leading up to the trip out of my makeup bag instead of out of my my makeup bag instead of out of my my makeup bag instead of out of my makeup like box, my little vanity makeup like box, my little vanity makeup like box, my little vanity organizer that I have up there so that I organizer that I have up there so that I organizer that I have up there so that I know, okay, this is this is what my face know, okay, this is this is what my face know, okay, this is this is what my face is looking like. I like this makeup. I is looking like. I like this makeup. I is looking like. I like this makeup. I like this look. We're going to be good. like this look. We're going to be good. like this look. We're going to be good. And that way I can go through it. So, I And that way I can go through it. So, I And that way I can go through it. So, I will try to link as much as possible will try to link as much as possible will try to link as much as possible down below cuz I got questions about down below cuz I got questions about down below cuz I got questions about links. So, I'll have that linked down links. So, I'll have that linked down links. So, I'll have that linked down below. But, we're going to go ahead take below. But, we're going to go ahead take below. But, we're going to go ahead take care of the toiletries and then we'll care of the toiletries and then we'll care of the toiletries and then we'll keep moving. [music] Welcome [music] to five days until Welcome [music] to five days until Welcome [music] to five days until Disney. So, I've moved my mirror from my Disney. So, I've moved my mirror from my Disney. So, I've moved my mirror from my bedroom, was in my bathroom, now into bedroom, was in my bathroom, now into bedroom, was in my bathroom, now into the guest room here where it is packing the guest room here where it is packing the guest room here where it is packing ground zero. Also, I just got this ground zero. Also, I just got this ground zero. Also, I just got this jacket in the mail and I just tried it jacket in the mail and I just tried it jacket in the mail and I just tried it on and I'm like not taking it off. I on and I'm like not taking it off. I on and I'm like not taking it off. I wanted to curl my hair and stuff and so wanted to curl my hair and stuff and so wanted to curl my hair and stuff and so I did that and I'm like I just keep I did that and I'm like I just keep I did that and I'm like I just keep leaving this jacket on cuz I love it so leaving this jacket on cuz I love it so leaving this jacket on cuz I love it so much. It's so fun. Like it's got the much. It's so fun. Like it's got the much. It's so fun. Like it's got the flowers on the pockets, the little bow flowers on the pockets, the little bow flowers on the pockets, the little bow detail. So, I'm thinking this is going detail. So, I'm thinking this is going detail. So, I'm thinking this is going to be my like throw and go kind of like to be my like throw and go kind of like to be my like throw and go kind of like jacket that I can mix and match because jacket that I can mix and match because jacket that I can mix and match because it's going to be a little all over the it's going to be a little all over the it's going to be a little all over the board because January in Disney is no board because January in Disney is no board because January in Disney is no different than November at Disney or different than November at Disney or different than November at Disney or December at Disney or also February at December at Disney or also February at December at Disney or also February at Disney. So, this kind of applies to a Disney. So, this kind of applies to a Disney. So, this kind of applies to a lot of that time frame. But, according lot of that time frame. But, according lot of that time frame. But, according to the weather, it's going to the weather, it's going to the weather, it's going [clears throat] to go anywhere from 44° [clears throat] to go anywhere from 44° [clears throat] to go anywhere from 44° to 75. to 75. to 75. And I don't know. [clears throat] And And I don't know. [clears throat] And And I don't know. [clears throat] And I'm also getting two different versions I'm also getting two different versions I'm also getting two different versions of the weather. So, Apple weather on my of the weather. So, Apple weather on my of the weather. So, Apple weather on my phone is saying one thing and saying phone is saying one thing and saying phone is saying one thing and saying it's only going to be a high of like 70, it's only going to be a high of like 70, it's only going to be a high of like 70, but it's going to stay mostly in the but it's going to stay mostly in the but it's going to stay mostly in the is saying it's going to hit 80. Like, I is saying it's going to hit 80. Like, I is saying it's going to hit 80. Like, I don't know which one it's going to be don't know which one it's going to be don't know which one it's going to be cuz they're both the a forecast for the cuz they're both the a forecast for the cuz they're both the a forecast for the same thing. So, we're trying to prepare. same thing. So, we're trying to prepare. same thing. So, we're trying to prepare. We're doing lots of mixing and matching. We're doing lots of mixing and matching. We're doing lots of mixing and matching. So, I want to try on my clothes before So, I want to try on my clothes before So, I want to try on my clothes before we go cuz I just some of these things we go cuz I just some of these things we go cuz I just some of these things I've repulled out of closet. I've not I've repulled out of closet. I've not I've repulled out of closet. I've not worn them in a bit or whatever. And so worn them in a bit or whatever. And so worn them in a bit or whatever. And so I'm like, I want to make sure everything I'm like, I want to make sure everything I'm like, I want to make sure everything still fits cuz I'm I'm gonna be still fits cuz I'm I'm gonna be still fits cuz I'm I'm gonna be perfectly honest in the first two to perfectly honest in the first two to perfectly honest in the first two to admit I ate a lot over the holidays. admit I ate a lot over the holidays. admit I ate a lot over the holidays. Okay, we're just coming off Okay, we're just coming off Okay, we're just coming off Thanksgiving, Christmas, the whole Thanksgiving, Christmas, the whole Thanksgiving, Christmas, the whole season. It is like stretchy pants era. season. It is like stretchy pants era. season. It is like stretchy pants era. And while I'm trying to get out of my And while I'm trying to get out of my And while I'm trying to get out of my stretchy pants era, I I don't want to stretchy pants era, I I don't want to stretchy pants era, I I don't want to Yeah. You know what I mean? You want to Yeah. You know what I mean? You want to Yeah. You know what I mean? You want to feel good in your clothes. So, here we feel good in your clothes. So, here we feel good in your clothes. So, here we go. For travel day, this is what I'm go. For travel day, this is what I'm go. For travel day, this is what I'm thinking. Yes, I still have the jacket thinking. Yes, I still have the jacket thinking. Yes, I still have the jacket on. I took it off so I could change my on. I took it off so I could change my on. I took it off so I could change my sweater, but I'm doing this kind of soft sweater, but I'm doing this kind of soft sweater, but I'm doing this kind of soft sweatshirt. This is a Walmart. It's the sweatshirt. This is a Walmart. It's the sweatshirt. This is a Walmart. It's the Time and True brand. They're like, I Time and True brand. They're like, I Time and True brand. They're like, I don't know, usually $102. Um, it don't know, usually $102. Um, it don't know, usually $102. Um, it depends. Some of them are already like depends. Some of them are already like depends. Some of them are already like getting marked down on clearance. Either getting marked down on clearance. Either getting marked down on clearance. Either way, I will link what I can below. You way, I will link what I can below. You way, I will link what I can below. You know, try to help you guys out with the know, try to help you guys out with the know, try to help you guys out with the links, so I'll have those down below. links, so I'll have those down below. links, so I'll have those down below. But wearing that is super soft. It is But wearing that is super soft. It is But wearing that is super soft. It is obviously it's a sweater. It's long obviously it's a sweater. It's long obviously it's a sweater. It's long sleeve, but it's one of those it's a sleeve, but it's one of those it's a sleeve, but it's one of those it's a breezy long sleeve. So, if it is warm breezy long sleeve. So, if it is warm breezy long sleeve. So, if it is warm when we get there, I can wear just that when we get there, I can wear just that when we get there, I can wear just that and these leggings and I'll be just and these leggings and I'll be just and these leggings and I'll be just fine. And then layering over the jacket. fine. And then layering over the jacket. fine. And then layering over the jacket. I felt like it just the color went with I felt like it just the color went with I felt like it just the color went with it. If it'll focus on the outfit and not it. If it'll focus on the outfit and not it. If it'll focus on the outfit and not itself. Camera, don't be a diva. But we itself. Camera, don't be a diva. But we itself. Camera, don't be a diva. But we are kind of This is what I'm working are kind of This is what I'm working are kind of This is what I'm working with here. I just thought this jacket with here. I just thought this jacket with here. I just thought this jacket again. It's so cute. It's not super again. It's so cute. It's not super again. It's so cute. It's not super thick, but it it is mildly warm. It's thick, but it it is mildly warm. It's thick, but it it is mildly warm. It's like kind of a quilted jacket, but it like kind of a quilted jacket, but it like kind of a quilted jacket, but it feels so good. Okay, so got that. got feels so good. Okay, so got that. got feels so good. Okay, so got that. got some like blue leggings. I was too lazy, some like blue leggings. I was too lazy, some like blue leggings. I was too lazy, but it is part of a sports bra set. So, but it is part of a sports bra set. So, but it is part of a sports bra set. So, I'll probably wear this and this set and I'll probably wear this and this set and I'll probably wear this and this set and then the pink or the peachy pinky then the pink or the peachy pinky then the pink or the peachy pinky whatever sweatshirt. But I just being whatever sweatshirt. But I just being whatever sweatshirt. But I just being too lazy. I didn't want to change bras. too lazy. I didn't want to change bras. too lazy. I didn't want to change bras. That's just a lot of work. Love you That's just a lot of work. Love you That's just a lot of work. Love you guys. But [laughter] saving that for guys. But [laughter] saving that for guys. But [laughter] saving that for later. Going in though and just wanted later. Going in though and just wanted later. Going in though and just wanted to share their corresponding outfits. I to share their corresponding outfits. I to share their corresponding outfits. I have a little sweatshirt and then pair have a little sweatshirt and then pair have a little sweatshirt and then pair of ribbed pants for the girls. That is of ribbed pants for the girls. That is of ribbed pants for the girls. That is what Bella is going to wear. And then what Bella is going to wear. And then what Bella is going to wear. And then Lucy has kind of a similar one. These Lucy has kind of a similar one. These Lucy has kind of a similar one. These are new like spring things also from are new like spring things also from are new like spring things also from Walmart. So I'll try to again link those Walmart. So I'll try to again link those Walmart. So I'll try to again link those if I can. And then a sweater. This is an if I can. And then a sweater. This is an if I can. And then a sweater. This is an old princess sweater that still fits old princess sweater that still fits old princess sweater that still fits them from um Sam's Club. Actually, I them from um Sam's Club. Actually, I them from um Sam's Club. Actually, I think it was last spring um or last think it was last spring um or last think it was last spring um or last winter. So definitely check places. winter. So definitely check places. winter. So definitely check places. Right now especially is a great great Right now especially is a great great Right now especially is a great great time to buy clearance. Totally jumping time to buy clearance. Totally jumping time to buy clearance. Totally jumping ahead here, but like their little Animal ahead here, but like their little Animal ahead here, but like their little Animal Kingdom. This is a t-shirt Kingdom. This is a t-shirt Kingdom. This is a t-shirt and then a little pair of like flare and then a little pair of like flare and then a little pair of like flare sweatpants. Both of these are from sweatpants. Both of these are from sweatpants. Both of these are from Walmart. The t-shirt was a dollar and Walmart. The t-shirt was a dollar and Walmart. The t-shirt was a dollar and the pants were $2. So literally run, the pants were $2. So literally run, the pants were $2. So literally run, don't walk. If you are needing those don't walk. If you are needing those don't walk. If you are needing those types of pieces for your kids right now, types of pieces for your kids right now, types of pieces for your kids right now, check Walmart clearance. Like if you check Walmart clearance. Like if you check Walmart clearance. Like if you have a Walmart near you, definitely go. have a Walmart near you, definitely go. have a Walmart near you, definitely go. huge fan of that. So, wanted to share huge fan of that. So, wanted to share huge fan of that. So, wanted to share those. So, I know I'm skipping ahead, those. So, I know I'm skipping ahead, those. So, I know I'm skipping ahead, but back to the outfits. Next outfit is but back to the outfits. Next outfit is but back to the outfits. Next outfit is for Epcot. So, I'm thinking Marie for Epcot. So, I'm thinking Marie for Epcot. So, I'm thinking Marie inspired. So, Marie from the Aristocrats inspired. So, Marie from the Aristocrats inspired. So, Marie from the Aristocrats inspired because of Bella's outfit. I inspired because of Bella's outfit. I inspired because of Bella's outfit. I have her a little Marie outfit that I have her a little Marie outfit that I have her a little Marie outfit that I unboxed earlier. So, wearing this. It's unboxed earlier. So, wearing this. It's unboxed earlier. So, wearing this. It's a little wrinkled, especially the a little wrinkled, especially the a little wrinkled, especially the shorts. They're like super wrinkled. So, shorts. They're like super wrinkled. So, shorts. They're like super wrinkled. So, ignore that. We're going to we're going ignore that. We're going to we're going ignore that. We're going to we're going to fix that. But, super cute set. I can to fix that. But, super cute set. I can to fix that. But, super cute set. I can wear this together or if it's a little wear this together or if it's a little wear this together or if it's a little cooler, I can switch this out for a pair cooler, I can switch this out for a pair cooler, I can switch this out for a pair of the leggings that I'm taking or I'm of the leggings that I'm taking or I'm of the leggings that I'm taking or I'm also taking jeans. So, just things that also taking jeans. So, just things that also taking jeans. So, just things that I can mix and match. If I need to wear I can mix and match. If I need to wear I can mix and match. If I need to wear jeans and a tank top because it's a jeans and a tank top because it's a jeans and a tank top because it's a little warmer, I can do that. If I want little warmer, I can do that. If I want little warmer, I can do that. If I want to wear a sweater and some shorts, like to wear a sweater and some shorts, like to wear a sweater and some shorts, like sometimes it's comfy enough to wear sometimes it's comfy enough to wear sometimes it's comfy enough to wear both. And sometimes even in the ' 70s, I both. And sometimes even in the ' 70s, I both. And sometimes even in the ' 70s, I will say I can comfortably wear a will say I can comfortably wear a will say I can comfortably wear a sweatshirt without sweating. I mean, sweatshirt without sweating. I mean, sweatshirt without sweating. I mean, make it make sense. If I were doing that make it make sense. If I were doing that make it make sense. If I were doing that in the summer, I couldn't stand it. But in the summer, I couldn't stand it. But in the summer, I couldn't stand it. But in the winter time, Florida winter just in the winter time, Florida winter just in the winter time, Florida winter just winter is different. Okay, it's just winter is different. Okay, it's just winter is different. Okay, it's just very different. But love this one. Super very different. But love this one. Super very different. But love this one. Super cute. We're going with cute, comfy. This cute. We're going with cute, comfy. This cute. We're going with cute, comfy. This is going to be great for spring at home. is going to be great for spring at home. is going to be great for spring at home. It's kind of a great mix and match piece It's kind of a great mix and match piece It's kind of a great mix and match piece that it doesn't nothing screams Disney. that it doesn't nothing screams Disney. that it doesn't nothing screams Disney. So, if you're not wanting to like be a So, if you're not wanting to like be a So, if you're not wanting to like be a Disney person at home, but you're like, Disney person at home, but you're like, Disney person at home, but you're like, I'm I'm a Disney person at Disney, this I'm I'm a Disney person at Disney, this I'm I'm a Disney person at Disney, this this is a great like secret bound, I this is a great like secret bound, I this is a great like secret bound, I feel like. And then for the girls, I feel like. And then for the girls, I feel like. And then for the girls, I showed this the other day, so you've showed this the other day, so you've showed this the other day, so you've already seen the sweatshirt. That is the already seen the sweatshirt. That is the already seen the sweatshirt. That is the Marie one, the Marie little set. It Marie one, the Marie little set. It Marie one, the Marie little set. It didn't come in Lucy size, or at least it didn't come in Lucy size, or at least it didn't come in Lucy size, or at least it was out of stock when I went to buy it. was out of stock when I went to buy it. was out of stock when I went to buy it. She has this little bow sweatshirt, so I She has this little bow sweatshirt, so I She has this little bow sweatshirt, so I just need to get the pants to go with just need to get the pants to go with just need to get the pants to go with it. But this was a find from TJ Maxx it. But this was a find from TJ Maxx it. But this was a find from TJ Maxx back at the beginning of winter. So, back at the beginning of winter. So, back at the beginning of winter. So, she's wearing that. And then I have she's wearing that. And then I have she's wearing that. And then I have these that we had gotten on a previous these that we had gotten on a previous these that we had gotten on a previous Disney trip for Bella. She is like Marie Disney trip for Bella. She is like Marie Disney trip for Bella. She is like Marie to the nth degree and has been for a to the nth degree and has been for a to the nth degree and has been for a while now. But it's little clips and so while now. But it's little clips and so while now. But it's little clips and so I can do some little pigtails and add I can do some little pigtails and add I can do some little pigtails and add those to her hair. But that'll be super those to her hair. But that'll be super those to her hair. But that'll be super cute kind of going with that like pink cute kind of going with that like pink cute kind of going with that like pink and white look. And then Dean has a and white look. And then Dean has a and white look. And then Dean has a green t-shirt. It's like kind of simple green t-shirt. It's like kind of simple green t-shirt. It's like kind of simple on this one. Sometimes he like on this one. Sometimes he like on this one. Sometimes he like coordinates with us, but I feel like it coordinates with us, but I feel like it coordinates with us, but I feel like it was like I don't know. I'm I'm lost on was like I don't know. I'm I'm lost on was like I don't know. I'm I'm lost on what to coordinate with this one. So the what to coordinate with this one. So the what to coordinate with this one. So the girls and I are coordinating. This is girls and I are coordinating. This is girls and I are coordinating. This is what I am planning on wearing to Animal what I am planning on wearing to Animal what I am planning on wearing to Animal Kingdom. just being super comfy. It's Kingdom. just being super comfy. It's Kingdom. just being super comfy. It's little fuzzies on it. Hold on. Okay, little fuzzies on it. Hold on. Okay, little fuzzies on it. Hold on. Okay, much better. Sorry. But long sleeve. It much better. Sorry. But long sleeve. It much better. Sorry. But long sleeve. It has the pants. It has pockets cuz we all has the pants. It has pockets cuz we all has the pants. It has pockets cuz we all know we need pockets. I love that you know we need pockets. I love that you know we need pockets. I love that you can tie the waistband and it can be can tie the waistband and it can be can tie the waistband and it can be super comfy. This one feels good. This super comfy. This one feels good. This super comfy. This one feels good. This is like I wear this at least once a is like I wear this at least once a is like I wear this at least once a week. I will wash it and wear it again. week. I will wash it and wear it again. week. I will wash it and wear it again. Like it goes through my rotation. It is Like it goes through my rotation. It is Like it goes through my rotation. It is so comfy. Again, it's another one I so comfy. Again, it's another one I so comfy. Again, it's another one I could take the top, switch into some could take the top, switch into some could take the top, switch into some shorts, wear the shorts. I could wear shorts, wear the shorts. I could wear shorts, wear the shorts. I could wear the pants and decide to switch out the the pants and decide to switch out the the pants and decide to switch out the top for a different sweater or something top for a different sweater or something top for a different sweater or something that I am taking. So, I love anything that I am taking. So, I love anything that I am taking. So, I love anything that kind of mix and matches. So, and I that kind of mix and matches. So, and I that kind of mix and matches. So, and I love this so much that I had bought it love this so much that I had bought it love this so much that I had bought it in a second color. So, I'm wearing this in a second color. So, I'm wearing this in a second color. So, I'm wearing this shirt over it that I will be wearing shirt over it that I will be wearing shirt over it that I will be wearing instead. It is this little sea shell instead. It is this little sea shell instead. It is this little sea shell shirt. It's kind of got the frayed hem shirt. It's kind of got the frayed hem shirt. It's kind of got the frayed hem at the bottom kind of layered with the at the bottom kind of layered with the at the bottom kind of layered with the purple. I love this. It is very much so purple. I love this. It is very much so purple. I love this. It is very much so to me giving like little mermaid to me giving like little mermaid to me giving like little mermaid tropical. I could wear this to Caribbean tropical. I could wear this to Caribbean tropical. I could wear this to Caribbean beach or to Polynesian or whatever. And beach or to Polynesian or whatever. And beach or to Polynesian or whatever. And I think it's so cute and it's it's a I think it's so cute and it's it's a I think it's so cute and it's it's a nice thickness. Like it feels good on. nice thickness. Like it feels good on. nice thickness. Like it feels good on. It's not so thick that I feel like I'm It's not so thick that I feel like I'm It's not so thick that I feel like I'm going to be like pouring sweat, but it's going to be like pouring sweat, but it's going to be like pouring sweat, but it's just it's a really good layering piece. just it's a really good layering piece. just it's a really good layering piece. I feel like this one will easily work I feel like this one will easily work I feel like this one will easily work into spring. Wear this with some shorts. into spring. Wear this with some shorts. into spring. Wear this with some shorts. This will definitely be going back to This will definitely be going back to This will definitely be going back to Disney with me a few times. But about Disney with me a few times. But about Disney with me a few times. But about the set. So, I loved the blue one so the set. So, I loved the blue one so the set. So, I loved the blue one so much I bought the yellow one. The yellow much I bought the yellow one. The yellow much I bought the yellow one. The yellow one's going back. You can [gasps] you one's going back. You can [gasps] you one's going back. You can [gasps] you can see everything through it. It's like can see everything through it. It's like can see everything through it. It's like I'm not even wearing clothing. So, I'm I'm not even wearing clothing. So, I'm I'm not even wearing clothing. So, I'm I'm not going to turn around. You don't I'm not going to turn around. You don't I'm not going to turn around. You don't get a backside shot. I'm not taking the get a backside shot. I'm not taking the get a backside shot. I'm not taking the shirt off cuz literally you can see shirt off cuz literally you can see shirt off cuz literally you can see through it. So, my warning PSA about through it. So, my warning PSA about through it. So, my warning PSA about this set is it is amazing. It is this set is it is amazing. It is this set is it is amazing. It is comfortable, but don't buy the light comfortable, but don't buy the light comfortable, but don't buy the light colors. Um, so the yellow is definitely colors. Um, so the yellow is definitely colors. Um, so the yellow is definitely going back. There's there is nothing going back. There's there is nothing going back. There's there is nothing left for the imagination under this left for the imagination under this left for the imagination under this color. Um, there's like a bright pink. I color. Um, there's like a bright pink. I color. Um, there's like a bright pink. I might do that instead or something, but might do that instead or something, but might do that instead or something, but the Yeah, the the yellow is not it. So, the Yeah, the the yellow is not it. So, the Yeah, the the yellow is not it. So, I did though skip ahead on the girls I did though skip ahead on the girls I did though skip ahead on the girls outfits trying to do a cool transition, outfits trying to do a cool transition, outfits trying to do a cool transition, but then as soon as I put this one on but then as soon as I put this one on but then as soon as I put this one on and I was like, "Oh boy, we got to and I was like, "Oh boy, we got to and I was like, "Oh boy, we got to address that situation." So, here we address that situation." So, here we address that situation." So, here we are. Girls outfits. I just went over are. Girls outfits. I just went over are. Girls outfits. I just went over those. We've got their princess those. We've got their princess those. We've got their princess sweaters. This is kind of like a a we're sweaters. This is kind of like a a we're sweaters. This is kind of like a a we're doing a split stay. So, this is a resort doing a split stay. So, this is a resort doing a split stay. So, this is a resort switch day. Um, as well as just kind of switch day. Um, as well as just kind of switch day. Um, as well as just kind of a laid-back playing day. So, I got them a laid-back playing day. So, I got them a laid-back playing day. So, I got them a little princess t-shirt and some a little princess t-shirt and some a little princess t-shirt and some leggings. Same goes for Belle. So, leggings. Same goes for Belle. So, leggings. Same goes for Belle. So, that's their kind of outfit for this that's their kind of outfit for this that's their kind of outfit for this particular day. I'll be wearing my particular day. I'll be wearing my particular day. I'll be wearing my seashell shirt. Just uh again, buyer seashell shirt. Just uh again, buyer seashell shirt. Just uh again, buyer beware on the yellow. Here's the outfit beware on the yellow. Here's the outfit beware on the yellow. Here's the outfit I'm taking for Hollywood Studios. So, I'm taking for Hollywood Studios. So, I'm taking for Hollywood Studios. So, we're going basic black tank cuz we're we're going basic black tank cuz we're we're going basic black tank cuz we're kind of leaning like Star Warsish kind of leaning like Star Warsish kind of leaning like Star Warsish outfits. I've got the barrel jeans on. outfits. I've got the barrel jeans on. outfits. I've got the barrel jeans on. These are actually really comfortable These are actually really comfortable These are actually really comfortable for jeans. I was not expecting to like for jeans. I was not expecting to like for jeans. I was not expecting to like these. I've seen them on other people these. I've seen them on other people these. I've seen them on other people and I'm like, "Oh my gosh, those are so and I'm like, "Oh my gosh, those are so and I'm like, "Oh my gosh, those are so cute." Like, I don't know. And I feel cute." Like, I don't know. And I feel cute." Like, I don't know. And I feel like a rebel in these because I'm like a rebel in these because I'm like a rebel in these because I'm rebelling against my millennial skinny rebelling against my millennial skinny rebelling against my millennial skinny jean loving self, but you know, I jean loving self, but you know, I jean loving self, but you know, I actually really like these. Don't hate actually really like these. Don't hate actually really like these. Don't hate me, but I really really like them. So, me, but I really really like them. So, me, but I really really like them. So, if you if you've been on the fence and if you if you've been on the fence and if you if you've been on the fence and you're like, I think these are really you're like, I think these are really you're like, I think these are really cute on other people, give them a shot. cute on other people, give them a shot. cute on other people, give them a shot. So, this is kind of my outfit. super So, this is kind of my outfit. super So, this is kind of my outfit. super simple for this one, but it is comfy and simple for this one, but it is comfy and simple for this one, but it is comfy and it will also be something that if I it will also be something that if I it will also be something that if I needed to switch out the jeans on a needed to switch out the jeans on a needed to switch out the jeans on a cooler day, I can layer those with some cooler day, I can layer those with some cooler day, I can layer those with some leggings and warm things up. If we're leggings and warm things up. If we're leggings and warm things up. If we're like going back to the park for like going back to the park for like going back to the park for fireworks and it's chilly, I can do fireworks and it's chilly, I can do fireworks and it's chilly, I can do something to keep myself warm and ready something to keep myself warm and ready something to keep myself warm and ready to go for the park time. Coming over to go for the park time. Coming over to go for the park time. Coming over though, I've got the girls their star though, I've got the girls their star though, I've got the girls their star dresses. We actually bought them back at dresses. We actually bought them back at dresses. We actually bought them back at Christmas. So, they are long sleeve Christmas. So, they are long sleeve Christmas. So, they are long sleeve little dresses and then they've got little dresses and then they've got little dresses and then they've got their star um leggings that they can their star um leggings that they can their star um leggings that they can wear underneath or we can just do a pair wear underneath or we can just do a pair wear underneath or we can just do a pair of bike shorts. So, I'm going to have an of bike shorts. So, I'm going to have an of bike shorts. So, I'm going to have an option kind of of both of those for option kind of of both of those for option kind of of both of those for them. And so, we've got that. And then them. And so, we've got that. And then them. And so, we've got that. And then we have Dean a kind of brown t-shirt we have Dean a kind of brown t-shirt we have Dean a kind of brown t-shirt going on for that outfit. And so, that's going on for that outfit. And so, that's going on for that outfit. And so, that's the next one. I will say for packing, the next one. I will say for packing, the next one. I will say for packing, I'm also just taking us one outfit per I'm also just taking us one outfit per I'm also just taking us one outfit per day because for one, we can do laundry. day because for one, we can do laundry. day because for one, we can do laundry. I'm taking those supplies like we talked I'm taking those supplies like we talked I'm taking those supplies like we talked about earlier, but also for us, we've about earlier, but also for us, we've about earlier, but also for us, we've not really needed a lot of extras as not really needed a lot of extras as not really needed a lot of extras as much as when the girls were younger. I much as when the girls were younger. I much as when the girls were younger. I am going to take two backup outfits that am going to take two backup outfits that am going to take two backup outfits that can be interchanged if we need one, but can be interchanged if we need one, but can be interchanged if we need one, but I'm not taking a backup outfit for every I'm not taking a backup outfit for every I'm not taking a backup outfit for every single day the way I used to. So, we'll single day the way I used to. So, we'll single day the way I used to. So, we'll see. And also since it is winter, things see. And also since it is winter, things see. And also since it is winter, things are a bit bulkier. You've got more are a bit bulkier. You've got more are a bit bulkier. You've got more sweaters and things take up a bit more sweaters and things take up a bit more sweaters and things take up a bit more space than they do in the summertime. space than they do in the summertime. space than they do in the summertime. That is another reason why I am only That is another reason why I am only That is another reason why I am only doing this. Now, if it was summer and we doing this. Now, if it was summer and we doing this. Now, if it was summer and we were sweating, even though we don't need were sweating, even though we don't need were sweating, even though we don't need it, you're sweating. And with us doing a it, you're sweating. And with us doing a it, you're sweating. And with us doing a midday break, I want a change of midday break, I want a change of midday break, I want a change of clothes. So, I'll do two for that. But clothes. So, I'll do two for that. But clothes. So, I'll do two for that. But as far as winter goes, I can pair and as far as winter goes, I can pair and as far as winter goes, I can pair and pack slightly differently. So, it's kind pack slightly differently. So, it's kind pack slightly differently. So, it's kind of a tactical pack of making this. of a tactical pack of making this. of a tactical pack of making this. Moving on to the next outfit. So, this Moving on to the next outfit. So, this Moving on to the next outfit. So, this one is new, hence the wrinkles. So, I've one is new, hence the wrinkles. So, I've one is new, hence the wrinkles. So, I've still got the tags on it to like try it still got the tags on it to like try it still got the tags on it to like try it on. It's kind of a cropped sweater. It on. It's kind of a cropped sweater. It on. It's kind of a cropped sweater. It does have the striped hem at the bottom. does have the striped hem at the bottom. does have the striped hem at the bottom. The tie for the skirt is also striped. The tie for the skirt is also striped. The tie for the skirt is also striped. And then it's got the stripes on the hem And then it's got the stripes on the hem And then it's got the stripes on the hem of the shorts underneath. And the skirt. of the shorts underneath. And the skirt. of the shorts underneath. And the skirt. I was when I first took it out of the I was when I first took it out of the I was when I first took it out of the bag, I was like, I don't know how I'm bag, I was like, I don't know how I'm bag, I was like, I don't know how I'm going to feel about this one. But this going to feel about this one. But this going to feel about this one. But this is so comfy. Like this is gonna go in my is so comfy. Like this is gonna go in my is so comfy. Like this is gonna go in my like rotation. I'm really excited about like rotation. I'm really excited about like rotation. I'm really excited about this one. Um I feel like this is for this one. Um I feel like this is for this one. Um I feel like this is for Magic Kingdom. To me, it gives Magic Kingdom. To me, it gives Magic Kingdom. To me, it gives Cinderella vibes. So I'm matching with Cinderella vibes. So I'm matching with Cinderella vibes. So I'm matching with the girls dressing up as princesses. the girls dressing up as princesses. the girls dressing up as princesses. Bella is going to be Ariel and then Lucy Bella is going to be Ariel and then Lucy Bella is going to be Ariel and then Lucy is going to be Snow White and I'm going is going to be Snow White and I'm going is going to be Snow White and I'm going to be Cinderella. So this is kind of my to be Cinderella. So this is kind of my to be Cinderella. So this is kind of my like themed outfit bound kind of thing. like themed outfit bound kind of thing. like themed outfit bound kind of thing. I also feel like this is really cute I also feel like this is really cute I also feel like this is really cute like Grand Fian kind of outfit to me. like Grand Fian kind of outfit to me. like Grand Fian kind of outfit to me. It's like giving grand flow vibes as It's like giving grand flow vibes as It's like giving grand flow vibes as well of like just a cozy kind of comfy well of like just a cozy kind of comfy well of like just a cozy kind of comfy casual outfit. Not overly fancy, but casual outfit. Not overly fancy, but casual outfit. Not overly fancy, but like you feel put together when you put like you feel put together when you put like you feel put together when you put it on. And that is what I'm all about it on. And that is what I'm all about it on. And that is what I'm all about with like mom outfits is something that with like mom outfits is something that with like mom outfits is something that I can chase my kids in. I can be I can chase my kids in. I can be I can chase my kids in. I can be comfortable, but then I can also like comfortable, but then I can also like comfortable, but then I can also like feel good and feel cute myself and not feel good and feel cute myself and not feel good and feel cute myself and not just feel like a hobbit [laughter] that just feel like a hobbit [laughter] that just feel like a hobbit [laughter] that is just like, well, the kids look cute, is just like, well, the kids look cute, is just like, well, the kids look cute, but I look me. So, I'm just like in my but I look me. So, I'm just like in my but I look me. So, I'm just like in my basic mom uniform all the time. So, this basic mom uniform all the time. So, this basic mom uniform all the time. So, this is I I really like this. Needless to is I I really like this. Needless to is I I really like this. Needless to say, I'm excited. I think this one's say, I'm excited. I think this one's say, I'm excited. I think this one's cute. This one's comfy. And again, I cute. This one's comfy. And again, I cute. This one's comfy. And again, I could switch this out. I could throw the could switch this out. I could throw the could switch this out. I could throw the sweater on with the jeans. I could throw sweater on with the jeans. I could throw sweater on with the jeans. I could throw on a white tank under this if I wanted on a white tank under this if I wanted on a white tank under this if I wanted to pair the skirt with something for the to pair the skirt with something for the to pair the skirt with something for the summertime and like continue the wear summertime and like continue the wear summertime and like continue the wear into then. This I feel like is perfect into then. This I feel like is perfect into then. This I feel like is perfect for that. This is also, I would think, a for that. This is also, I would think, a for that. This is also, I would think, a really good travel day outfit. So, I I really good travel day outfit. So, I I really good travel day outfit. So, I I like it. But for the girls, this is like it. But for the girls, this is like it. But for the girls, this is their outfit. I have them. They're their outfit. I have them. They're their outfit. I have them. They're little um princess dresses. So, as I little um princess dresses. So, as I little um princess dresses. So, as I said, Bella is going to be Ariel. The said, Bella is going to be Ariel. The said, Bella is going to be Ariel. The little ears that I can put on with hers. little ears that I can put on with hers. little ears that I can put on with hers. And then I do have a long sleeve And then I do have a long sleeve And then I do have a long sleeve t-shirt. Again, I found this one at t-shirt. Again, I found this one at t-shirt. Again, I found this one at Walmart for a dollar. So, she's going to Walmart for a dollar. So, she's going to Walmart for a dollar. So, she's going to wear that under her little mermaid. wear that under her little mermaid. wear that under her little mermaid. Still got the tags on that one. I've got Still got the tags on that one. I've got Still got the tags on that one. I've got a pair of bike shorts that she can wear a pair of bike shorts that she can wear a pair of bike shorts that she can wear under it or a pair of kind of greenish under it or a pair of kind of greenish under it or a pair of kind of greenish teal leggings or seafoam green I guess teal leggings or seafoam green I guess teal leggings or seafoam green I guess um leggings underneath so that if it is um leggings underneath so that if it is um leggings underneath so that if it is cooler on that day she can still wear cooler on that day she can still wear cooler on that day she can still wear her princess dress and kind of have a her princess dress and kind of have a her princess dress and kind of have a little theme going and do that. And little theme going and do that. And little theme going and do that. And again I have Lucy the Snow White dress. again I have Lucy the Snow White dress. again I have Lucy the Snow White dress. These I actually wore to the Christmas These I actually wore to the Christmas These I actually wore to the Christmas party but again they're I'm getting more party but again they're I'm getting more party but again they're I'm getting more life out of it because I feel like that life out of it because I feel like that life out of it because I feel like that works perfectly for Snow White. You works perfectly for Snow White. You works perfectly for Snow White. You could do that for a Minnie Mouse outfit, could do that for a Minnie Mouse outfit, could do that for a Minnie Mouse outfit, whatever. These are super cute. And then whatever. These are super cute. And then whatever. These are super cute. And then again, a dollar for the long sleeve tea again, a dollar for the long sleeve tea again, a dollar for the long sleeve tea that I got her. And then I also got her that I got her. And then I also got her that I got her. And then I also got her a pair of red leggings to go under that a pair of red leggings to go under that a pair of red leggings to go under that as well. And so those were stupid cheap as well. And so those were stupid cheap as well. And so those were stupid cheap right now. So I got that. That way she right now. So I got that. That way she right now. So I got that. That way she can again be themed, wear that can again be themed, wear that can again be themed, wear that underneath. And then you saw my outfit. underneath. And then you saw my outfit. underneath. And then you saw my outfit. Um, and then next up, we're going to do Um, and then next up, we're going to do Um, and then next up, we're going to do Festival of the Arts and then we're Festival of the Arts and then we're Festival of the Arts and then we're done. Last but not least, Festival of done. Last but not least, Festival of done. Last but not least, Festival of the Arts. So, I have to say with this the Arts. So, I have to say with this the Arts. So, I have to say with this sweatshirt or this sweater, it should sweatshirt or this sweater, it should sweatshirt or this sweater, it should not be as comfortable as it is. Um, got not be as comfortable as it is. Um, got not be as comfortable as it is. Um, got all the colors in it. So, I thought that all the colors in it. So, I thought that all the colors in it. So, I thought that would be perfect for Festival of the would be perfect for Festival of the would be perfect for Festival of the Arts. You could also do this as like a Arts. You could also do this as like a Arts. You could also do this as like a springyish outfit of like incorporating springyish outfit of like incorporating springyish outfit of like incorporating colors and things into your outfit. You colors and things into your outfit. You colors and things into your outfit. You could wear this as well, I feel like, could wear this as well, I feel like, could wear this as well, I feel like, for flower and garden once it starts to for flower and garden once it starts to for flower and garden once it starts to kind of warm up. But if it's a little kind of warm up. But if it's a little kind of warm up. But if it's a little cool on those days, you could totally do cool on those days, you could totally do cool on those days, you could totally do that for this. and then got the kind of that for this. and then got the kind of that for this. and then got the kind of wideish like this. These feel really wideish like this. These feel really wideish like this. These feel really weird. Like they're crazy comfy, but it weird. Like they're crazy comfy, but it weird. Like they're crazy comfy, but it feels weird to not be in skinny jeans. feels weird to not be in skinny jeans. feels weird to not be in skinny jeans. Like if you've been a millennial, like Like if you've been a millennial, like Like if you've been a millennial, like if you are a millennial or you've been a if you are a millennial or you've been a if you are a millennial or you've been a millennial, not that you can not be a millennial, not that you can not be a millennial, not that you can not be a whatever. If you're a millennial, then whatever. If you're a millennial, then whatever. If you're a millennial, then you know the fight against the skinny you know the fight against the skinny you know the fight against the skinny jeans, but these are really comfy. And jeans, but these are really comfy. And jeans, but these are really comfy. And this was another pair. I'm like I kept this was another pair. I'm like I kept this was another pair. I'm like I kept seeing them on others and I'm like, they seeing them on others and I'm like, they seeing them on others and I'm like, they look so stinking cute on them. So, I'm look so stinking cute on them. So, I'm look so stinking cute on them. So, I'm like, I'm going to try. So, here we are. like, I'm going to try. So, here we are. like, I'm going to try. So, here we are. I like the jeans. They feel good. They I like the jeans. They feel good. They I like the jeans. They feel good. They feel comfy. I like them. So, here we feel comfy. I like them. So, here we feel comfy. I like them. So, here we are. But seriously, the sweater is the are. But seriously, the sweater is the are. But seriously, the sweater is the softest thing. I love it. Absolutely. softest thing. I love it. Absolutely. softest thing. I love it. Absolutely. Let me show you the kids. For the Let me show you the kids. For the Let me show you the kids. For the Festival of the Arts outfits, though, Festival of the Arts outfits, though, Festival of the Arts outfits, though, we're kind of doing like a color block we're kind of doing like a color block we're kind of doing like a color block theme. So, they've got their little theme. So, they've got their little theme. So, they've got their little dresses that they're going to be doing. dresses that they're going to be doing. dresses that they're going to be doing. They are t-shirt dresses, so if it's They are t-shirt dresses, so if it's They are t-shirt dresses, so if it's warm, it'll be perfect. If we need to warm, it'll be perfect. If we need to warm, it'll be perfect. If we need to throw a jacket on over it, that's fine. throw a jacket on over it, that's fine. throw a jacket on over it, that's fine. And then I got them the matching And then I got them the matching And then I got them the matching leggings to wear under the dress so that leggings to wear under the dress so that leggings to wear under the dress so that they can be kind of comfy. They can play they can be kind of comfy. They can play they can be kind of comfy. They can play and run and do the whole thing, but then and run and do the whole thing, but then and run and do the whole thing, but then also if it's a little cool, it's going also if it's a little cool, it's going also if it's a little cool, it's going to be okay. Same goes for Lucy. She is to be okay. Same goes for Lucy. She is to be okay. Same goes for Lucy. She is the pink one. And then Dean, I'll never the pink one. And then Dean, I'll never the pink one. And then Dean, I'll never lose him when he's wearing this, but it lose him when he's wearing this, but it lose him when he's wearing this, but it is his neon orange shirt. So, we've all is his neon orange shirt. So, we've all is his neon orange shirt. So, we've all got the kind of colorful artist palette got the kind of colorful artist palette got the kind of colorful artist palette thing going here. So, that is everyone thing going here. So, that is everyone thing going here. So, that is everyone else's outfits and kind of what we're else's outfits and kind of what we're else's outfits and kind of what we're doing. That's going to do it for the doing. That's going to do it for the doing. That's going to do it for the outfits and also that is going to do it outfits and also that is going to do it outfits and also that is going to do it for this part one of our prep and pack for this part one of our prep and pack for this part one of our prep and pack for Disney at winter. I will be back for Disney at winter. I will be back for Disney at winter. I will be back next week with part number two. So, next week with part number two. So, next week with part number two. So, we'll be putting all of it, finishing it we'll be putting all of it, finishing it we'll be putting all of it, finishing it up, getting it in the suitcases, doing up, getting it in the suitcases, doing up, getting it in the suitcases, doing the whole thing, and being ready for our the whole thing, and being ready for our the whole thing, and being ready for our trip. But, I hope you guys enjoyed the trip. But, I hope you guys enjoyed the trip. But, I hope you guys enjoyed the video. If you did enjoy it and you video. If you did enjoy it and you video. If you did enjoy it and you haven't already, don't forget, click haven't already, don't forget, click haven't already, don't forget, click that thumbs up button, red subscribe that thumbs up button, red subscribe that thumbs up button, red subscribe button if you are new. Would love to button if you are new. Would love to button if you are new. Would love to have you in the internet fam. And with have you in the internet fam. And with have you in the internet fam. And with that, I will see you right back here in that, I will see you right back here in that, I will see you right back here in the next one. And end [clears throat] of the next one. And end [clears throat] of the next one. And end [clears throat] of the video club. Now that you're part of the video club. Now that you're part of the video club. Now that you're part of the honorary end of the video club, you the honorary end of the video club, you the honorary end of the video club, you will have to leave me some colorful will have to leave me some colorful will have to leave me some colorful heart emojis. That way I know you're heart emojis. That way I know you're heart emojis. That way I know you're part of the secret end of the video part of the secret end of the video part of the secret end of the video club. But I'll see you right back here club. But I'll see you right back here club. But I'll see you right back here in the next one. Bye, guys.
