---
video_id: rqGYVW-J_YM
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "Prep & Pack Winter Part 2: Packing Tips, Disney Shoes & Personal Items"
published: 2026-01-13
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqGYVW-J_YM
---
Don't pack extra stress [music] for yourself. Next thing on the to-do list is if it contains a battery of any sort, charge it, put new ones in it, whatever. Yep, I'm sitting on the suitcase. We've all done it. It's okay. It's not [music] bulging too fast. And that's definitely not 50 lb. Either that or I'm getting stronger. Who knows? And this is why you always check your packing [music] list. I was about to forget socks and underwear. Hello and welcome to 3 days until Disney. [music] I been doing this leading up at every day. Day four just didn't happen. So if you saw part one and we ended on day five and now we're day three, I got nothing done on day four other than like other work. We had house stuff. We had appointments and things and I was just like it just didn't happen. Really? I thought I was getting away from you. We have our little robot vacuum. His name is Marshmallow. My kids love Frozen. So, Marshmallow the vacuum. Okay, I'm gonna I'm gonna take it in another room. Okay, but I wanted to do a recap of the haul and I'm also getting ready to make some returns. So, I wanted to share the things that I'm also returning that just didn't work out. So, the yellow outfit for part one obviously is going back. I was so excited about it, you guys. But it is just even I have undergarments that match my skin color and they just were popping through no matter it. It is just Yeah. I was like I I thought that was going to be a go-to, but the blue one still is. Um I'm also I talked about these on Instagram. I was really hopeful cuz a lot of people really like these. For me and my foot, they [music] are a no. Um, they are supposed to be kind of like a dupe [music] for the Hocas, but the problem that I have with these, they are cushy and comfy, but for me, my heel sits way too low. Like, it's like it's lower than the rest of my foot. I don't feel like that's what your foot's supposed to be. Like, I'm not a podiatrist. And so, I'm kind of concerned about that already being that and it being such a cushy shoe that it's just going to get worse. Because a lot of shoes that do that that are really cushy, I remember when the Crocs first hit and everybody was like starting to wear those then it become a thing of like Crocs give you planners fasciitis and I don't want a similar situation to that. Um so I was like I wanted to love them. I had so many people of you guys loving them. Um but a lot of the people that did give like I like them but or I don't like them were for that exact reason and also saying that they didn't hold up well. So, I do have some others that I'll share [music] that are supposed to be really good for being on your feet. They're like pedi podiatrist [music] approved or whatever. So, we can talk about those later. Um had also got Dean a pair and he's like I just he's like they're comfy, but he's like I'm just not a squishy shoe guy. He is more of a flat shoe kind of guy. That is just even for running shoes and stuff. He doesn't want something like big, thick, and cushy. That's just not his style. Um so, both of those are going back. So, I wanted to share some returns from our haul of things. Um, I forgot to share those the other day in the actual haul, so I wanted to knock that out here at the beginning. But, we've got a long to-do list. We have 3 days until our trip. So, let's just get it all done. Next thing on the to-do list is if it contains a battery of any sort, charge it, put new ones in it, whatever. So, we're going to get everything charging. We've got yo, we've got hand warmers. We have chargers for things. got magic bands that need to be charged, kids cameras, tablets, and bubble wands that need brand new batteries before we go. Also, if you intend to buy a bubble wand while you're there, the batteries in the Disney bubble wands, even though they are brand new, do not last super long. At least in our experience, maybe we're the unicorns of the group. But for us, they've not really lasted all that well. So, one thing to do is to take a set of three double A batteries. That way you have some to change out if your kids are like ours and love a good bubble wand. If you don't want to take a screwdriver with you, you can go into some of the gift shops and a lot of times they will have a screwdriver to be able to put in new batteries if you need them and can get assistance with it that way. Um, so we've been able to have good luck doing that. If you want to take if you want to just like extra prepared, take that little baby screwdriver with you and you'll be good to go. But I just wanted to share that for my fellow parents. And then bubbles we will be ordering with our groceries. So we have backstock cuz the little bubbles at the gift shops for a fillup that isn't even the full like it doesn't even fill up the whole little ball can get kind of pricey when you start racking those up. So getting one is great. One little tip with that is to get the party pack bubbles if they have them in stock when you're ordering your groceries and then you can keep those little bubble packs in there and then it makes it a lot easier. You're not having to remember to do it in the room. You can throw those in your backpack. But that size just makes it super convenient. So, we're going to get everything charging. Let's go. I found more things to charge. Of course you did. But I got cables, so we're good. Good. It's BYO cable. I'm I'm having to do my I'm having to do my enough of my own cables. So, we're going to put this thing to work. These are three [music] triple AAA's for the non [music] [music] Nothing. Nothing. and welcome back to packing [music] ground zero. So, we have all of the clothes laid out. This is going to make me feel a lot better right now [music] is getting the bulk of this in the suitcase cuz it is like the largest category of things that I'm going to be packing. So, it feels like a really big win. And so I'm going to get that boost that I need right now cuz I'm like I feel like I've lost a day cuz I did lose a day yesterday on packing. So I'm like having to double up on things that I was going to get done. But I've got everything laid out. Let me flip it around and I'll show you. I went through everything in part one of this video. So if you want detailed like I [music] tried on outfits that I'm going to be wearing. I showed everything that the girls are going to be wearing. Um I can link it all again below if you want to look at it that way or you can go back and watch that video. [music] So we're going to do that. But let me talk through some of my packing musts for winter. The biggest tip for packing for winter for Disney. So, we have some days that are going to be a high of 80. We have some days that are going to be a high of 60°. So, we've got a little bit all over the board. Sorry, need to move the backpack. Hold on. But [music] we are kind of experiencing a little bit of all of it. So, we're packing lots of layers. So, some days it's princess dresses, some days it's princess dresses with leggings and a shirt underneath [music] so that we can layer and still wear our cutesy princess dress that we want to wear and be warm. We have long sleeves, we have short sleeves, my husband has jeans. So, anything that you can mix and match. [music] So, I've got a few outfits with pants and leggings in here. And then I have some with [music] shorts. And all of them can be alternated. We've got jeans. though, if I need to pull these for an outfit that has shorts and it ends up being a little cooler or we may need shorts in the morning and jeans in the evening. So, just giving options for yourself to mix and match. I would not take a whole winter outfit and a whole summer outfit and then like have to deal with all that. We're trying to pack light because winter is already a bulky season to pack for. [snorts] Normally, I am a proponent of two outfits per day in the summertime. But winter, unless you can take extra suitcases, you're driving and it really doesn't matter, then you can pack whatever you want. But I find it easier to pair down like this and then take a like one or two backup outfits in case anyone gets messy or whatever. But thinking this through and kind of having some mix and match options, knowing that you can do laundry, if you need to do laundry, taking those supplies is going to cut down on the amount you're going to pack. And also the amount of stuff in your hotel room cuz it's like all of that that you take of just in case, just in case, just in case that you end up not using is just clutter and just stress in your hotel room. At least for me, maybe some people that doesn't bother, that's great. But if it does bother you, that is just something to kind of know that don't pack extra stress for yourself. Make it easier. And especially when you get there and you're like, "Oh, well, we bought these souvenirs that I wasn't expecting." And if I didn't bring these extra clothes, I would have had room for them. I wouldn't have had to bring or pay for an extra bag or do whatever the case is for you to get those souvenirs home. I wouldn't have had to go to the store and like ship them, whatever that is for you. So this is very helpful. So pre-planning, doing future you a favor is going to help. And then layers, layers, layers. That is the biggest thing that I can give you as a tip for packing for winter. Bring the layers. These are our travel day outfits. So I'm going to start with removing them, laying them to the side so that I know and don't accidentally put those in a suitcase cuz we don't want to do that. And then I'm going to grab my packing cubes. Where's the other one? Haha. These are my go-to hanging packing cubes. This makes it really easy. We are doing a split stay. So, this is going to save my sanity of having to pack up the room because everything can live in here. We'll get this out. It will be easy to find things. And then when we get ready to switch resorts, we'll just pop things back into here. We are also going to keep everything grouped by day. So, the whole family's outfit is going to go in a section together. This is going to make it a lot easier when you are pulling things out and getting ready for those early Disney mornings. It's going to make it a lot easier if you have a spouse that is helping get kids ready. You can be like, "Hey, pull this outfit out." So grouping that is going to save your sanity. All right. So this is day one. This is day two. All in the bag. We're going to zippity zip this up. And then here in the center is a cubed section. We're going to put jammies in this one. So, I'm going to have one set of jammies for the kids, one set of jammies for myself, and then we'll still have to get hubby's jammies and put them in here as well. And then here in the bottom, we're going to put our final day. Ah, I need to get pants for this. Hold that thought. And the pants. There we are. To disperse this out, I am going to add this over here so that we can COLLAPSE IT. ALL [snorts] RIGHT, I AM SIMPLY REPEATING THIS PROCESS FOR ROUND TWO. SO, here is a quick little montage of getting all this in this packing cube. All right. The trick with these two and getting them to cinch down and consolidate as much as possible is getting your stacks even as possible in here. And that will help them compress down. So, if you're needing to save space in these, that is my biggest tip is get your layers nice and even. If one side is bulky and this side's empty, it's going to be kind of winky wonky donkey on you there if you do not fill it evenly. So, just kind of think about your spacing, organize, but also kind of keep that in mind as you are going through and packing these. Voila. For our family of four, I've kind of got us down to a little packing science of needing two checked bags and four personal items. So, that's kind of what I'm going for. And my goal for this is, especially with a split stay is I want to organize best I can and within the weight allowance that I have of 50 lbs each bag to only need to open one suitcase in that half. And then once we get to the other one, we'll have a second suitcase. Now, for this trip, we actually are taking three suitcases. I have a third one. And that's because we're getting rid of what are what I call our owner's locker. So, if those that are like followed the packing saga for years and you like know about the owner's locker, then we are just kind of dissolving that cuz we've really not needed it, used it. It used to work really well for us with traveling and when the girls were baby toddlers, but it just kind of is a non-necessity for us and the way we pack and travel now. All that to be said, if you don't know what an owner's locker is, I have a full in-depth video what I keep in there, that sort of thing. So, you can go check that out. But for now, we're only packing in these two suitcases. We're not putting anything in the third one. This is suitcase one. I've kind of been throwing a few things in here already that we need, but I need to organize it. So, that's what we are going to do. Going to go through that. That's for shoes. This is resort stuff we packed up the other day in part one. This is toiletries we packed up in p part one. I did find my little cup. This is for when I wash the girls hair. He's so handy. If you do not take a little collapsible cup for rinsing the kids hair, especially if you're doing baths, this is so helpful. So, I like to take that. Well, come on. Go back together. There we go. And then these are little like toothbrush suction things. You can use them for razors, you can use them for toothbrushes, whatever. I like to take those for suctioning things up and away as well. But we're going to put clothes in here on this side of the bag. Let's see. Actually, the other one has the expander. We're going to go with the other one. I think this is going to work better. Toiletries. See? Resort gear. Inflatable car seat. Booster seat. It's not like a full-blown convertible car seat. The one thing my husband packs for himself is socks, shoes, and underwear. That's for you, good sir. Well, I think this a bad day for good new shoes. I'm going to wear these. These are not new. We're set. All right. So, those are your rainy day shoes. Yeah. Okay. We need to find We have to try some of those shoe covers. I see people talk about those where it's like it's like a rain jacket for your shoe. Yeah. We should Maybe we can try those. It may be one of those panic purchases of Amazon priming them to the room. But, you know, we did buy that rain gear that extra or the extra umbrella earlier. Yep. So, it shouldn't rain. Don't worry, guys. It's not going to rain this week. We bought rain gear. That's just the way it goes. We went in August. We were there for 2 weeks. We bought It was like raining, raining. Bought rain gear on like the second rainy day because there was rain for the rest of the forecast. Didn't rain the rest of the trip on us. Showed you weather. But for me, I've got my packing cube for my shoes. These are a tactical pack. This is my new comfy shoes. These are great. I've actually been wearing these for about a week and a half. They're ultras. They are a running shoe, but they're like really comfortable. They're like academy of I always want to see pediatrics. That's kids. Podiatry podiatrists, whatever. The foot doctors, those pros um actually like recommend these or whatever. So, they're actually really comfortable. Um a friend of mine who works for a surgeon is like, "Oh, my doctor wears those all the time and he's like on his feet all the time." diamonds. I'm like, that sounds like that sounds like a great shoe. So, here we are. These are though thinner than the shoes I'm going to be wearing. So, I'm going to be wearing like a thicker, cushier shoe for my airplane shoe. And then we'll do these for packing in here. So, they take up a little less space. I'm also in the top going to put um some sandals for if we get any pool days. Fingers crossed. We've got two 80° days at the beginning of the trip. So, those are going to be our tactical we can go swimming on these days days. Um, and then we've got a roll up. I need to stuff that full of socks and underwear and things for the kids. So, we're going to do that and we're just going to keep packing. But seriously, if you need a quick win, pack the clothes. You see how so much disappeared and just gone and it's like, oh, I'm getting it done. Even though I still have other things to do, it just sometimes you need that little quick win. And that is the quick win when it comes to packing. What happened? This is my husband's personal item and his has been dubbed the arrival day bag. So, in this you can do a little shelf divider in here, but I'm going to go in with a wet bag of all four of our swimsuits. So, everybody has a swimming suit in here. We have a change of clothes for everyone that evening because we will be coming from a 40°ree location to an 80°ree location. So sweats is probably not going to be the play that evening. Even if it does get in the 70s, we can have a little jacket, but we may want to have something like this. Our swim bag. This has everything under the sun. Splash Uno cards, goggles for everyone. We have little mermaids in there, some collapsible cups, all that good stuff. Let's see. Why am I not seeing the kids goggles in here? They're supposed to live in here. Haha, here they are. So, they are the soft, stretchy kind. Doesn't pull their hair, which is fantastic. So, those are going to go into the swim pouch. It's going to go right over there. Let's see. Or no, it can go like this. And then my husband will have, lack of a better way of saying it, his Donald Murse, I guess, like daddy bag. I don't know, whatever you want to call it. His will be filled with camera gear wipes for the kids, that sort of thing. And it will be able to fit into the top. So, that's the key is still making sure to leave room for things like that. But this is going to be arrival day. We're good to go. Got excited about the packing cubes and completely forgot to put these in there. So that I'm taking the girls a pair of fleece line leggings to layer under anything if needed. Three pairs of bike shorts to wear under dresses or if we need to switch out shorts instead of pants or something that they have with an outfit, we can do so. And then I have each one of them a cute little matching set outfit as well as a pair of denim shorts that again we can switch out with if we need something warmer in the morning and then the pants for the outfit in the evening. Kind of giving us some variety there. So I'm going to have to open those packing cubes and put these in. I'm going to do that real quick. Next up, the park bag cooler bag situation. So I'll have my personal item which is also going to be my park backpack. The things like rain jackets and a popcorn bucket, ice bags, and a rain jacket for the park bag is not something that I need right now. So, this will be park bag number two. Two backpacks is kind of what we'll be using as our park bags. And then, of course, the catch-all bag for the stroller. If you're an OG, for sure, you know that is invaluable. But I'm going to have this packed up so that once we get there, I can pull it out, put anything that needs to go into the park bag in the park bag, and then kind of have some things also to set up the stroller with. So, this is a wet bag full of our rain jackets. So, they we get wet, we need to put them somewhere, we don't want them getting everything else wet, we do have something to put them back into to keep them organized. So, I'm going to toss these deep down in here. We're going to shove it way down like our feelings. And then we're going to grab the popcorn bucket and I'm going to put the rest of the stuff in here. It is fresh and clean. So, we're going to take that back. It is my only controversial tip. Some things say that you can only use it within one trip. I see people using them all the time. So, my type A rule follower is just like and then my budget side's like, I don't want to buy another one. So, here we are. So, we got this. I'm gonna shove the lid down in there because it's probably just going to pop off anyway. So, we're going to put the popcorn bucket on top. The lid's just gonna kind of pop over there and hug it. And then we're going to zip this up and put it into the suitcase. I do have it because we have some here at home, have it stocked with liquid IV packets so that when we take our bottles of water, we can be able to just pour those into that. I'm ordering bottles of water for groceries. That's what we talked about in part one. I have that on my list. So, this is just going to go into the suitcase for part one of the trip. And that way, it is ready to go. We're ready for our first park day. We can get it out, fill it with all of our snacks and drinks and that stuff kind of stuff and be able to easily take it to the park. So, using especially if you are packing extra bags, use it like a packing cube. Use it as organization. It can absolutely [clears throat] easily double as that. So, that's exactly what we're doing with this thing. All right. I feel like we're getting pretty close on this. There's a little bit of space on the side over there, but we got some bulkyish things in here. I don't know that I'm going to be able to zip this top part all the way cuz I don't want to like rip my liner. But, I think with the expander section, this is going to be perfect. And fingers crossed within weight. So, I'm already gonna undo the expander section because, you know, I know I'm going to need it. Then, we're going to see if we can get this bad boy to close. Ha! I think it's actually going to close pretty easy. I'm pretty good at Tetris. Yep. I'm sitting on the suitcase. We've all done it. It's okay. Yeah, we're good. It's not bulging too bad. Oh, and that's definitely not 50 lbs. Either that or I'm getting stronger. Who knows? Let's see. Come on. Lock it in. All right. It's between 45 and 46. So, apparently I am getting stronger, but I'm I'm within four pounds. We're good. So, if I need to I may throw Sometimes I use it, sometimes I don't. My curling iron in here again, sometimes I use it, sometimes I don't. So, it's like the trips that I don't take it, I'm like, man, it would have been nice to have my curling iron. And then the trips that I do take it, I end up not using it. So, I don't know. If I needed to, I do have enough room for that. Haha. Suitcase one is done. Excuse me. And we have one thing in suitcase 2. This is my travel blanket that's going in a personal item. I'm feeling really good right now. Well, hello and welcome to 2 days until Disney. Now, we are on to charging even more things because every blooming thing we own has a battery. But all kidding aside, this is why you start charging your things earlier than expected. I would start three days out, two days out. That way you have time and a nice little buffer. So, we're going in getting the Magic Bands all charged up. We're charging the chargers and we're also finalizing that grocery order. I got my Walmart gift cards from Fetch. Mentioned that in the very first video, but if you want Fetch points, I will have the app linked down below so you can go down and check that out. It's how we get free groceries at Disney. Winter is definitely the time you want to make sure to pack meds. I would always pack them, but especially in the winter time. So, I'm going to give you a rundown of what I am personally taking and then you can kind of get some ideas or make some swaps that you feel like would work best for your family. Starting out with the meds case, I am going to take our thermometer. This one works great. You don't have to touch them. So, even if they're sleeping, you can check their thermometer or check their temperature without waking them up. Got a no sucker. We're still using a My four-year-old's getting better, but sometimes you just need to suck it out. So, we're doing that. And then a shower bomb. This is a Vix one. You can use eucalyptus. We have some different ones. So, I'm got these. I'm trying to use the rest of these up. So, I'm keeping that in there if we need it. The vapors are great. A chest rub. Sometimes it helps to have that so you can breathe a little bit better. Got kids. Chewable pain reliever. This is for two plus. So, it's one less thing I have to take liquid of. Now, flu fix. Love this. It works great for our entire family. We can all take this. And then for cold medicine, we're just we're taking the whole medicine cabinet right now. I love this Genanexa kids cold. It works really great for my daytime, nighttime mix. So, we've got that going in there as well. Have an antihistamine. Sometimes you need something that is a little different. Syringes, couple medicine cups, boogie wipes are going in here, and everyone's vitamins in a little baggie. So, we have one for the kids. The circle-shaped ones are Dean's and then the heart-shaped ones are mine. So we can all know which medicine and vitamin is whose. So this is just kind of a must, especially for winter trips here. This is an extra pack that I was going to take, but don't need to take that. Now we're on to my personal item slash park backpack. So, this is going to have some stuff that will work for the airport, but will also transition to being things that we need in the parks as well. And then some things are just park things, but I want to go ahead and have this as set up as possible so that I have less switch over to do once we're there and on vacation. In the front pocket of this, I have went ahead and put in a pack of Clorox wipes in case I need to wipe anything down. My motion patches for when we fly. Love these. Got a little thing of Aquafor. It is the season for chapped lips, chapped skin on the face. So, this has been a ride or die in our like daily bag. So, I'm popping some in here. And then my little onthe-go medicine case. This is one that I keep with us. I'll have our medicine case that I packed up earlier. That whole pouch will go in the suitcase, but this is what I keep with us in the parks. So, I've got a little bit of pain reliever, cold medicine, that sort of stuff in that front, but stuff that I will need to grab while I am on the airplane. So, putting on the patches when we sit down or before we board, I want those really easily accessible. I don't want those buried away, having the medicine handy for being able to take motion meds for myself and my 4-year-old before we take off. That is something that needs to happen while we're in the airport, whatever. So, those are things that I'm going to go ahead and have set up and easily accessible. So, if you need a dose of something before you fly or whatever, think about that and don't put it in a pouch that's in the bottom of your backpack that you're going to have to be digging through, think that through and go ahead and have something up front instead. On the inside of the backpack, we're just going to start filling it. I have wet bags. I have two different ones, one in a different style print. That way, my girls, I'm all the time taking an extra set of clothes for them because as soon as I take these out of my bag, we need them. So, we're they're just going to live in here probably until they're like 15 years old. But for now, they're going back into the bag there. I've got my mama bag. This has just a couple of little in park activity things for them. We're talking glow tops, little glow sticks as well, and then some of the like little creative face stickers. My girls love stickers. So, just a few little things that I'm going to pop in here as well. I have Let's see. Let's go with the next size pouch. Oh, it's behind me. Um I hope my husband doesn't ask which pouch. What color is it? Cuz they're all purple. [gasps] But the one that doesn't say mama on it, it also is a purple pouch. It is full of snacks. So I have little apple chips in here, meat sticks, we have um lollipops, we have yogis, we have all kinds of little things and snacks that my girls like and my husband and I like. So those are also going in there as well. I have a little again it's purple. I wonder what my favorite color is, but it's a little deodorant, hairbrush, and hair ties in here in case we need to while we are in the parks. Hand warmers. These are going to be a possibility of something we will need. But it's pink. Switching it up here. Um, so we are going to be dealing with everything from 80° to 40ish°. So, who knows? I would rather take them than have to last minute Amazon prime them in. So, we're taking what we have. And then I have our This is a little beach pouch, but it has our sunscreen. I have hair, sunscreen, lotion, bug spray, all that good stuff. Kind of toiletries that we may need once we arrive like in getting [snorts] to settle in or in our park time. Those are things that I have in there. Have our meal time pouch. This has some compostable straws, little trash bags, coloring place mats, triangle crayons, and this is one that we will grab out and it is ready to go when it's time to go in and have meals, whether it's table service, quick service, whatever. Gives the girls something to do so that we can eat cuz I don't know what it is about kids. I'm keeping I keep on thinking that we're going to get out of the phase of them like taking five bites, scarfing it down, and then they're like, "I'm done. Are we ready to go yet?" And it's like, "I I've barely sat down. I I've taken my first bite or I may not have even taken my first bite. So, we've got that. Got a pack of tissues. I am also going to put this in the front so that it is easily accessible. Uh let's see. Oh, this is another pocket in the front. So, we're going to do this. I'm taking going to be the battle of the airplane accessory. So, we've got the bev ledge and we've got the airplane pocket, airline pocket. So, we're going to see. I'm going to we'll we'll talk about that post battle, but I'm very curious. I I have my thoughts on which one I think I'm going to like just based on looking at them, but I want to reserve judgment until I use them. So, we're not going to talk about that yet. Let's see. I am going to throw this pouch in here. It has eedrin, so just another type of headache medicine if we need something with caffeine. More motion meds. And then band-aids because we may need some band-aids. And I also have precut strips of moles skin, which is this stuff. If you do not have any moles skin, that is a park bag necessity. It is much better than band-aids and it'll actually stick in place. If you are getting a hot spot and you can either proactively put it on and like kind of protect that spot or once you start feeling one coming on, go ahead and stick that on. It is going to last a lot better cuz I swear like the band-aids last like three steps and then they've rubbed off and you're hurting again. So, that stuff is fantastic. That is something that I'll need to access. I'm going to also put that in the front of the bag as well. All right, we're getting down to it. Got a retractable little cable here and it will do lightning. It will do uh pop it off and you can do USBC and it will USB into things or it will also USBC plug in. So, if we are at the airport or anything needs to be charged and we don't want to use up juice from a portable charger that we're taking, I will have this on hand that we can plug things in and charge them. I've tried to make sure everything is has charged. But sometimes you miss things. Sometimes things run out of battery faster than you expect. Love you. Love you. Love you. Now, moment of truth. I do have my purse which has other necessities in it which we can we won't go through everything but I am not going to be able to get this in here. Let's see. Can I put this in here or do the girls personal items are currently sitting empty? So I may put this and my travel blanket in their bag. We'll see. Let me see. Let me let me tinker. I swear packing is a game of Tetris, but I got it in there. Still fits perfectly. Is within size range for my bag allowance. So, that is amazing. I just want to make sure that I can get my purse item in there cuz they're going to make that whole announcement of you can only have two things. We did not pay for a carry-on. So, that means we do not get two things. We get one thing. But, got that. I'm going to pop the girls water bottles in their um inside of the pocket. That way, I'm ready to go with those. And then we've just got to do their personal items. I'm going to do some little park bag purses for them and then we'll toss those in there. And I think we're getting close. I think I need to double check my packing list cuz I swear I'm forgetting something. So, these are my girls personal items what we're using. They do have a little roller handle that will pop out so they can pull those like a regular suitcase. One of the things I'm packing for both of them is their it's a stroller blanket. Travel blanket. Works great on the airplane. It will be also great if they need it while they're in the stroller. It will velcro to the straps of the seats, whether it's the stroller or they are on the airplane. So, it works great. Love those. Great for the car seat, everything. Nice. They're really soft and minky, but fold down pretty small. When it comes to their travel activities, I am going to take them their little purses. That way, they can have like a little purse for in the parks. I'm going to put their camera inside of that. And then I also have a little activity pack that is coming. I will link it down below, but it is in the mail. Um, so it's going to be here like right before our trip and then have their tablets, their yodo boxes with their cards and their headphones. So, those are going to be a little bit simpler activities. And then I'm also going to throw in their bubble wands into their bags as well. And then once we get there, I'll pull those out and put them into the stroller. Because they have room in their personal item bags, I am going to throw my blanket down in there. The other thing I'm going to pop into one of their bags is our charging case here. So, this has all of our cables. It has our USB plug that like is all like wall wart. Plugs everything into that. So, that is also going to go into one of their bags. And I think we're done. I think And this is why you always check your packing list. I was about to forget socks and underwear. So, this is my lovely little roll here. It is going in the side of this suitcase. And I'm hoping that it doesn't make me overweight. We'll see. I'm also throwing in the meds case. Come on, y'all. Wish me luck. Oh, hi. Now it's time to film. OH, GOOD. MEDS IS GOING TO HAVE TO COME OUT. OKAY, put the socks under our fit. This camera angle is terrible. But we're adding the meds to Lucy's bag cuz it is again virtually empty. So, it can go in her personal item. So, it could go in the half empty suitcase, but I don't want to have to open said half empty suitcase. So, we're going to put this in hers. And then last but not least into this suitcase, I have the girls a pair of tennis shoes that they're wearing on the plane. And this is their other pair of tennis shoes that I'm going to take a backup sweatshirt for Dean. He won't need it on the airplane. But this is just a just in case sweatshirt that he might want over his t-shirts that he's taking. We're going to buckle this up, zip this bad boy up, and we're done, you guys. [groaning] All right. Well, now I just need to tidy the room of all the stuff that I had laid out that I'm like, I might pack that that I just didn't pack. So, that is going to do it. Hope you guys enjoyed this part number two of coming along with the packing journey. If you did, don't forget, click that thumbs up button, red subscribe button if you are new, and I will see you guys right back here in the next one for travel day. So, you guys will have to leave me some suitcase emojis now that you're part of the secret end of the video club. Thank you guys for being here. Appreciate you so, so much. Love you. Py.
