---
video_id: qpw-f0qRXj0
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "2026 🐯 Is Animal Kingdom Open? | Winter at Disney Day 2"
published: 2026-02-09
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpw-f0qRXj0
---
Animal Kingdom is under construction in so many places. So, is it worth still bringing your little kids here in 2026? That is the point of today's vlog. But we're going to head inside, do a little exploring, see what's still available, and if you can have a magical day at Animal Kingdom here in 2026, you know, I stopped to grab caffeine and fuel for everyone for the morning, and they decide to have a dance party without me while they set up the stroller. I see it. All right, mommy's picking up coffee. I'm setting up the stroller. We got a chicken with us today. This is where we like though to divide and conquer. So yeah, I'm grabbing the coffee, the donuts, getting the fuel for the morning. And Dean is shining like the amazing Disney dad that he is. Getting our stroller all set up. You can see here he is using the stroller hooks that we prepped for this and hanging our backpack on it, our park bag and our cooler off the back. So, we are ready to go for the day. Yay for all TV. You got a pink donut for only you? Yeah. But but can I have a bite? Sure. Is that for me? Yeah. Is this square? It's got a hole in it. It's a cronut. I got a cronut. Great. Cheers. I We can do it softly because Oh, yeah. Soft. I can crack it. Oh, okay. Cheers. The signature green. It has either strawberry or it has strawberry, chocolate, and banana in it. And I would get that again. All right. I like that cuz each kiosk has their own like signature drink and you can't get it anywhere else. Like the frozen cappuccino dream. Like I get a lot of them. I won't say all of them cuz we literally left Epcot to get one yesterday. FROZEN CAPPUCCINO TREAT with a bubble mocha. I FORGOT MY pump mocha today. I'm off. Like it's I need to drink that thing so we can get another one later. I know. It's going to be a doover. But um these you can get anywhere, but check the little usually the square in the middle of the menu has their like signature drink for there. All right. So now that we've had our morning coffee chat, let's go to Anim. It is so good. Now that you have the W, I want you to say the wilderness the wilderness must be must be explored. explored. Excellent. Can you guys clap your arms like a bird for me? And I want you to give me your best. Excellent. Now stick up your tiger paws. And who remembers what a tiger says? The tiger sound. You guys have both heard your wilderness exploring. You're not eating as much as these guys cuz they eat it for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. That would be a lot. Can you make a movie? Make a living. All right. And now put your hand in the water. Yeah. Right. Would you mouth water? I will say if you have come to Animal Kingdom with your kids and they're starting to get into that more like little kids stage, it didn't feel quite appropriate and they weren't as into it when they were toddlers. But once we have hit the little kids stage, they love the wilderness explorers. Can I see this for a second so I can show them? You can pick these up at a lot of different spots throughout the park, but the best one is to start at the very entrance. So, right as you're coming down the hill into the park, you can grab that. they can say the wilderness explorer um oath and join and be able to explore. They go around and they're learning so much. We learned a ton about flamingos now. And each one that you go to has a lot of knowledge. So, even if you're also a fellow homeschool family, it's a great way to get in some pool while you're at Disney. We're heading towards Na'vi World and we're gonna find this wilderness and then we're gonna on the next page of the other side. It's a Na'vi picture. That's going to be so cool, isn't it? That's why the passage. Oh, this is the um what's it called? That's the botany badge. So that's about plants. Yeah. Plant badge. Yeah. So let's go learn about some plants. You ready? Every time we walk by this, we come to it and try to tickle it so that it spits out spit. Water. I mean, water. They grow into plants. But what do you do with the seed? You take the seed, you put it where you put it underground. Underground. And what do you put on top of it? take over. I picked up on a ban. Lightning. Usually we are big Lightning Lane multipass people, but since it's the slow season, we decided to opt without it and see how it goes. We do have though one Lightning Lane single pass here, and that is for Flight of Passage. That's my six-year-old's favorite ride. So, we had to do that one cuz that was an absolute must. But we were like, I don't know if we'll get up do here and do early entry. So, since we didn't do early entry, I'm really glad we have it. But, we are going to see how this weight goes. 35 minutes. We'll see if it's accurate or not. By these people, I'd say it's Yeah, hey yeah. Heat. Heat. 1. Are you excited, Mom? I am excited. Oh, I'm excited, too. I'm sorry you can't ride it. You can see it. We're going to switch parents, but I'm going to first ride with daddy, then I can ride with mommy. Sounds like a plan. I like it. You can hear Well, I stand up super tall. All right. Come on, L. Yeah, we're on number 12 and 13. What number? You're on 12. I got no match, Lucy. Oh, no. Okay, I got matched. We're good. Oh, we're 12 and 13. All right. I did it myself. Thank you. Yeah, I know. Sometimes it's okay to be scared of stuff, but you're brave. Can you show me THE FISH YOU SAW? WE'RE OVER HERE. We're over here. Yeah. We'll have to watch for them. They sound really pretty. Yeah. I will say if you were doing rider switch for Flight of Passage with a little one that can't ride, there are so many little spots to sit down and explore. You saw two fishes. We're over here finding fishes in the water. It is gorgeous. Well, Bella Bug is content looking for fishes. I found fish. 100 FISHES. YES, that's a lot of fishes. I love you. I'm going to place a tactical mobile order. It is 10:12 and we want to try um breakfast here at Satuli Canteen. Dinner is so good. Lunch and dinner same thing. Um so good. But I want to try their breakfast. They have this um cheese and beef frittata and I want to get one of those cuz it has chimchuri beef on it. I saw 100 and 100 and 100 and 100. No. 10:30 a.m. What happened to breakfast? Do you have to go in to order breakfast? 100. Oh, we just missed breakfast. I thought it ended at 10:30. It is at 10:00. I'm so sad now. Thank you for the hug. Did you do that cuz I said I was sad. That's very sweet of you. I appreciate that. Oh well, I guess we get lunch. Never mind. We'll try it next. I swear every other breakfast ends at 10:30 at Disney. And I thought I saw three, but apparently I looked before I drank my coffee or something. So I husband 10:00. There you go. 100 and 100 and 100 and 100 and 100 and 100 and that is a lot of fish. 100 168. Is that even a number? Yes. Are you sure? Yes. I don't think that's a number. That is not quick time check in before 10:31. We've got dinosaur at for 5 minutes. Gorilla Falls. Cali 5, which it is like 50° right now and the breeze is breezing. So, I understand why no one wants to go get wet. They've got wild the wilderness or the wildlife express train 5, Zootopia is 10. Uh Yeti is Expedition Everest is 25. Uh Mickey and Minnie meet and greet 30. Kilimanjaro is 40, has dropped about 10 minutes. It was 50. Na'vi is 50. And Avatar is at 95. So, not too shabby on the wait times other than Flight of Passage. I would if you enjoy that ride. I would say buy the single pass for that one just so it saves you a good chunk of time. And then if you wanted to save time or save money on the rest of them, you could. We were in and out. Obviously, it has jumped in the time that we've been here. It's about an hour late. Just in just a minute. It's about an hour later and so it has definitely jumped. But if you can do these rides in the morning time, they're definitely not as bad. But as you can see, those weight times can creep up there even in the quote unquote slow season. The subcribe donut button. The what? The subscribe donut button. The subscribe donut button. Yes. I don't know. Donut explanation. I don't see what WHAT see you soon. Love you. See you soon. Have fun. THANK YOU. SO, Mommy and Lucy are hopping on to Flight of Passage while we're picking up the food. Me and Bella are. And one thing to note is that they don't put it in to-go containers, but where you get your plastic wear um or silverware ready to go, they have to go containers there. So, we'll just transfer the food into that and then be able to be on our way. And I just got a text message from mommy. They just now got to the pre-show. We're just now picking up the food. So, timing wise, working out well. I'm going to put you right here, babe. All right. Don't move. Don't move. He likes um I don't know who's going to get this. I'm going to eat the sloths. Here we go. All right. So, you ask a cast member and they'll get you these to-go boxes. These are my favorite. They're so good. Now, we got hot dogs and noodles. So, we put it to go and then to get plastic wear cuz uh they don't have silverware. It looked like inside of the canteen over here, but they didn't have silverware in there. Uh cast member told me to step over here to find some plastic wear. So, went over here to a little quick service spot. Uh yeah, that's where we got it. I don't know why this is, but every time that I turn this on to start filming something like, oh, hey, cool. This is what you can do. You can go into the Zuli Canteen or whatever it's called and you can grab your food and then you can ask a a cast member, "Hey, can I get a to-go box?" They'll get you a to-go box. Then you can go across over here to the fun spot over here and get your silverware. For some reason, every time that I start talking to the camera, I feel like I need to say it really fast, like, "Oh, I don't do this all the time, so therefore I'm nervous or something." So, it's really strange. Anyways, so if you're feeling like, "Oh, hey, I filmed myself and I feel really weird." Sometimes you do, sometimes you don't, sometimes you're good at it, sometimes you're not. Um, but yeah, we got the food. We're waiting for mommy. Uh, they are should be hopping on the ride and getting off in about 10 minutes. Yee-haw quote. Oh no, I got to hide right there. That's perfect hiding spot, kiddo. They won't see you. Tell daddy what number we had. Dad, I had we had 67. 67. What? What do you guys Hey, where's Bella at? I don't know. Did you lose the kid while we were in there? Yeah. I don't even know. Huh. Well, I guess we'll have to go to the safari right over there. Something broke down, you said. Yeah, the um the first room we were in where they were like, "Sorry, I got a camera." We were like linking to the avatar. Um it did the thing and then it was like, "Okay, needing to recalibrate. I'll be back in a second." And like left into the whole thing and they ended up waiting, waiting, waiting. Made us leave that room. We stood in a line outside of all the rooms and then they've shuffled us back into the line and then made us go again. Oh man. So, we had to go through the whole like linking process and everything. And even once we got on and we were in our seats and they like did the whole restraint thing, it was like 3 or 4 minutes before we even took off. Oh wow. So, it was like just having some very big issues today. Was it worth it though? It was worth it. It was good. I am very hungry though. The coffee and a couple bites of donut. I'm like I feel slightly nauseous like motion. I just I need something solid. Well, I've got noodles and beef right on. Heck yes. I knew I loved you. You're my hero. I needed this. I'm so sad we missed breakfast, though. I know. That thing sounded so good. We're over here early again. We're getting that. Mhm. We'll book it over here. We'll split all that and you're going to go get the delicious sounding breakfast item. Mhm. Okay. So, have you eaten any of this? I had a bite. It was really good. T as much as you like. So, what do you think is something you can do to help look after water them? Water them. Yeah. Keep them nice and healthy. All right, let's climb in. 12:16 tactical body break taken and a 45minute wait. The line just keeps going. It's moving nicely, but it does keep going. So, you must pay especially you get to use your shoulder wire in the normal standby line. They will take it away for you and plug it for you. I promise you I'm a very real person. This is a very real master. Raise your hand and wave goodbye out of it, my friends, cuz you're not going to see these fabulous stripes, but they're in fact related to the giraffe due to their skeletal structure and they have free tiles. Only the males do. You have a picture of the male on as if they were blushing. Oh, but another infidel is Africa's largest reptile that can weigh up to 500 lb. They go ahead and imprint on the mother, meaning he memorizes a mother's stripe so that they never get separated. Hopefully remaining on that left hand side, that is going to be the Messiah giraffe. Now, they grow 18 to 20 ft tall. A look at the baby. And over on the right hand side over there with those gnarly horns, those are the antid shape of honeycomb to help promote blood circulation. That is deeper over here into that is Rafiki from the Lion King is a mandrel. So cute. Look at that big one. They are so cute. Oh, it's supposed to be saying, right? So, it takes It takes 22 months out of the year almost 2 years for a baby elephant to be born. There's another giraffe. going to be pretty. Look at that pose. Oh wow. They did a great job at posing. Kerosene, a chemical found in the brine shrimp and crustations. That is where they get their pink color from a group of them. It's called a flamboyant. Don't miss this guy though. Those are African ducks. Those white rhinos are around 4,000 to 6,000 lbs. And a group of them all together is considered a fighting. I swear that's a lion. It's laying down right there. Now, those two sets of t that they go ahead and they use and it helps them create burrows. That's cool. It's first time in the world. Never been out when you're welcome. Thank you. And then I like to share my pictures with other people. I already have that. You have this one. Oh, that one. Do you remember what you learned there? All right. Lucy had to go do a potty check. So, we come back over here so we can listen to some good music. going to do Kustafari coffee shop and bakery. They've got a coconut flavored iced coffee. Give me gimme. We need that for sure. I'm going to get this one. Do you want a sweet cream cold brew? Let's try it. I mean, hey, don't we both have one, right? Yeah. Sounds good to me. Yep. Uh, can I get the coconut flavored iced coffee? Sure. Um, and then a large of the Joffrey's cold brew with the sweet cream. All right. Uh, that's all a That's the words that I know something Africa. Thank you so much. Yeah, I think Yeah, this is I got the large cold brew and then this is the coconut one. I'll let you take my Thank you. Cheers. That's good. Definitely very coconuty. Really? Yeah. Super coconuty. That's stout. Let me mix up the cob. I think there's also creamer over there if you need to add a little like not cold drift. Sorry. I'm not as I'm not as like I mean I could do this but I'm going to add some Yeah, baby. Whoa. See another wilderness spot. Yeah. Whoa, look at this. It's beautiful. It's a construction wall. The construction walls must be explored. Oo, look at all the fishies. Oh, fishies. So many fish. Hello, fishies. The white one back there in the corner is pretty. What's up, cute little bird? I see you hungry. Mhm. Eating a lot of grass. gorilla. Gorilla. Yeah. Gorilla badge is next. Between the two bushes here in the center. Let's see it back. See it eating. Not yet. Oh, I know. I saw him move. Okay, cool. And then there's one over there eating as well. I see him right right there. And then there's one right behind that bush. Oh, yeah. It's like a panda's favorite treat, too. Right. You see bamboo? Have you seen it? There's some right over there, actually. Bamboo right here. You see it? Yeah. Yeah. He's eating. Are you making gorilla noises, Lucy? What a wonderful place to sit. I know. It's like the most relaxing little spot here. Note itself fulls size orange juices and tiny bladders made for three pre-bakes within like an hour. And it's like I got to go. We got to go like quick. Um, so we're gonna go to the same bathroom for the third time. We went before the sari, after the safari, and now after the gorilla falls. Like we've not even left this little area here. But we're going to do that. Africa's big, so we just keep going to the bathroom in Africa. Yeah, apparently since we were walking into Rafiki's, if you are coming in 2026, believe it's summer, Blueie and Bingo are going to start meeting out here. So this is going to get a lot more popular. So, to get to Rafiki's, you do have to take the Wildlife Express. If you've not taken that, it is this fun little train. Let me show you. Right on over. Did you like that, HUH? I'm going too. So this is princess on the left section off your princess on the right. Wonderful. Thank you. Thank you so much. This is your formal heads up though that if you were coming to Disney World in Animal Kingdom between February 23rd and May 25th, this train and the conservation station will actually be closed in preparation for Bluey and Bingo coming for Cool Kid summer. So, this is just a little PSA in case you are coming during that time frame. If you're coming after that, this is going to be a great spot to come. My prediction is they're not going to do away with this. They're just going to give it new makeup and Blue and Bingo are going to be here. They're going to be playing keepy upy and there's going to be Australian animals. So, I'm assuming koalas, kangaroos, you know, your stereotypical Australian animals will be here hanging out. But, I'm excited to see it. Everybody loves blue and bingo. But you best believe this place is now going to be a mad house for cool kid summer. This Lucy morning look at the sha pants. They're online here. No. No. Good job. Thank you. Whoa. I'm going through the tree. Wo. Cuz that actually helps cool them down. Probably a certain sound they make to let other elephants know that. Hey, don't go over there. There's over there. What's in here? Wait, I see a frog right here. Oh, I do see the frog, too. Those are the splashbacked poison frog. That one is a blue tonged skink. That's a Chinese crocodile lizard. Over here. Where's the turtles? Oh, they're over there. Lucy found the axelottles and she is so excited. Where is it? Do you have those? No. So, do you guys know what conservation is? What? Here's our blue bin at home. That's recycling. It doesn't spin. See, it's like we have a blue at home. Look at that. I've already bent my page. Let's do this. Just about to begin to the animation experience here at Conservation Station. Started by a mouse. Although Mickey was one of the first characters to draw inspiration from the animal world. Soon many more would follow. You think you can draw that? Yeah. Huh? Yeah. They used a road deer, which is a European story. Well, here we have many road. We're going to end way up under the high arc of cheeks the back way up there. Way over here. I'll draw this very large wide arc the back of it over here and the back side and the little cheek here as well. The top arc for this curve eye is way up here. Hey, you went heavier on yours with your shading. Added a little give you guys. It's 3:45. Started at 3:15, so that's a half hour of awesome. Maybe we should have a little snack around here. I got strawberries for you. Strawberries for you. Mom, can you go see the pets now? Yeah, we can go see the pets now. There you go. That goat's just kind of like the greater. He's like, "What's up, buddy? Watch your step loose." Watch out. Watch out. Poop. Don't step on the poop. Beware. No, you're good. You're good. E, I know. It's everywhere. So sweet. Hey, you can come around to his backside. There we go. He is kind of cute. He's liking all the loving. Oh, he's getting relaxed. Yeah. Did you see the donkeys? Did that go just sneeze? Hello, friend. Hi, sheep. Hi, sheep. Oh my. All right. I know. I was just inside for a little bit. It's not going to land on you. It's fine. Just like little pebbles. So cute. Okay, now you can go draw your hands. Bye. It was fun hanging out with Newton the goat, huh? He was like your best friend. The tactical PB is where it's at. Mhm. You glad we had a peanut butter sandwich for you, Lucy? I don't have to act cool, babe. I am. Wait one second. The coffee power. Yeah, the super coffee power. Yeah, that's cool. Cheese. All right. Cheese. All right. Let's wait. We're going to wait for her to take She's got a lot of metals, huh? What a good spot. A whole lot of metal. That is a whole lot of metal. the tree. Okay, jump in and everybody say cheese. Area number two is Asia. Let's go check out the construction here. But before we do that, let's take a nice little break to get the best coffee here in Animal Kingdom. The Frozen Lions Cappuccino at a Pamoka and it's extra delicious. Yep. I like this. That's the best. All right. Asia has zero construction laws, you guys. There's nothing over here that inhibits you from doing anything that you would do in Asia. Except for maybe the fact that it's January, it's 70°, but the breeze be breezing. And there's no way I'm going to go get on Cali right now cuz I'm like kind of want to put my jacket back on. It's like shaded and cool. And I started feeling chilly, don't worry. Before I got the frozen drink. This is not helping. This is just aiding and abetting the breeze. So, but we're going to keep walking because honestly the main areas that are under construction and a little tough are dino land, which is completely going away. That land is just not going to exist anymore. My girls were like, "Can we go to the dino dig out?" And I'm like, "No, baby. They closed it." And it's like a whole thing cuz if you know, that was like the place to hang out. So, I really hope that Disney gives us back another playground here. They can't treat us like Hollywood Studios has been all this time. It's like they can't take it away here and give us a playground over there that they're building. Yeah, baby. It's a little chilly for Cali. Maybe if we had had rode it at like 1 or 2 in the afternoon, wouldn't have been so bad. But what's funny is it was 60 last it was it was about 65 60 between 60 and 65 last night and no breeze. Felt fantastic. shorts, t-shirt. Wonderful. So, it really the breeze makes the difference. The breeze off the water is is is the element that dictates whether the weather is nice cool or cold cool. While Dena's riding Expedition Everest and the single rider, we're going to go over and do dinosaur cuz it is a short wait. Or at least it was a minute ago, unless it's jumped really quickly. But we're going to go do that because the girls both asked to, oddly enough. And this is our last opportunity to ride it on this trip. So, we won't be back until March and it will be closed by then. So, we'll see what the weight looks like. Let's go check it out. Well, just kidding. I had one that was very ready to ride and then the other one was like saw it. Never mind. Did not want to ride it after all. So, we're going to dip back over this way. Lucy Bella really wants to ride it so I might bring her back over here. Depends on how long it takes Dean to ride Everest. I DON'T LIKE DINOSAUR. That's okay. Most people don't. Dinosaur is the worst at Yeah. Is that your review of of dinosaur? But not but ride. I love it. You love it. All right. Here we go. Single rider line for uh Expedition Everest. Let's see. It's um 5:01 right now. So, we got to be out in an hour. It only took 9 minutes to get right here. A single light single passenger. Yeah. Heat. on the ride, off the ride, 15 minutes through the um the single rider line. That was that was awesome. That was so much fun. And uh the people the people in the car with me were like, "We're doing sleeping. We're doing sleeping." So that was a good picture. All right, let's go find uh Mama Ashie. Fishy fishy. I'll grab you some muffins. You can do something really fun. Yeah. Oh, muffins. Oh no, you dropped one. Here you go. Thank you. Mom, ride it with me. You want me to go ride a dinosaur with you? Yes. One last time. Yes. All right. finish your um muffins and then we can go. Okay. Wait times. Dinosaur 5 minutes. Kelly 5 minutes. Shocker. Zootopia 10. Expedition 30. Uh Mickey Mini 55. Na'Vi's 60 minutes. So that's a whole hour. It's as long as your quiet time that you think is forever. Uh Flight of Passage is 70. That's over an hour. That's longer than quiet time. Whoa. Okay. Yeah. We'll see you in a minute. Bye bye. and you lost. All right, I'm leaving the stroller with you. Uh, one's a squirrel kind of thing. That's a cute little turtle. 45. Grab the guag gun and get out before the asteroid hits. Let's roll. Okay, now let's go get that dino. Computer, what are you tracking? Computer, full stop. Identify dinosaurus. Not. We made it through, didn't we? Yeah. Mom Professor made that dinosaur. All right, baby. We're going to go Zootopia tree movie. Zoo together. Together time. I think something like that. It's going to be fun. Hey, bub. Hey, bub. Here we go. We just made it, Lucy. The doors are open. Yes, that's pretty cool. THAT'S GREAT. WATCH PARTY is presenting Paris racing. PARROT, HERE WE GO. CLASS IS ON EVERYONE. And what's your name? My spotted friend. Benji, you have the best seat in the house. Nature strong LIKE GROSS. A hi. Hello. LET'S HEAR YOUR THING, ZOOTOPIA. For the reason I came to Yeah, Mommy and Bill are getting off dyno. I bet they'll be right over here in a minute. I see. Mommy, we've got 7 minutes until we have to be there to check in for our order. So, we'll need to move. We can't do Zootopia again. Nope. At that rate, why not? Because we don't have enough time to get dinner and that. We have 7 minutes till the park closes. But when he's ready, we'll tell the window. Two or three. Two or three. Okay. Thank you so much. Hi, chicken. This This is always so good. It It's a kind of a staple. Like you can always bank on this one being a good option. I would have loved to go back to like I would have ate that meal again, but I don't think we would have made it in time. So this we can make it to in time. in this one. I don't know what about that is got a little spice to it, but found one bit that's like that was some kicking chicken. I wasn't expecting that. Okay. Feel like we just inhaled that. We did. We were I think we were hungrier than we thought. Oh my goodness. But we didn't really other than coffee for like a snacky lunch. Like we had a late breakfast. So All right. Yeah. Yeah, we were hungry. The girls ate peanut butter sandwiches and strawberries. So, yeah, they're they're like, "Oh, we're good." It is 6:13 and our bus picks up at 6:35. So, we're trying to leaves leaves at 6:35. Yeah, they usually get there a little bit early and then they book it at 6:35. So, we got to stop at one potty and want to go back to Africa. Yeah, why not? We spent the whole day there. I mean, essentially, we spent seven hours between Pandora and Africa. Spent seven hours there. All right, Bill, there's there's an exit. You can hold it to the exit. Good. Okay, I see how you're holding it. That's very creative. Yeah. No, princess. That has been the trickiest part with our off property stay is the bus schedule cuz it's it's not at the most optimal times. So, the park closes at 6:00 p.m. today. The first post park close bus pickup is 6:35 like Dean mentioned, but the next one and the last one isn't until 7:30, which is an hour and a half after park closing, which is great if you have like a dining reservation or something right at park closing. you want that whole empty walk out, which I personally love, but that is like you you got to kill some time. So, for us, if we didn't want to leave, camera angle is really great. We didn't want to leave right now. It is 6:15. We would have an hour and 15 minutes to kill with the girls in a park that is closed. So, literally just be sitting around walking extremely slow out the exit, like looking at all the animals, all that stuff. There's still a lot of people in the park leaving. Still a lot of people dining in the park cuz that had 5:55 p.m. dinner reservations at Tusker House and Yaketti and all those lovely places. But just something to keep in mind. So yeah. Yeah, construction took our playground. I'm not happy about it, but I'm excited about the things that they do have coming. The whole tropical America section is going to be amazing with Indiana Jones. We love that from Disneyland and also bringing it in concert. I'm hoping the cassita is as magical as I feel like Disney Imaginary can make it. So, let's just hope they like knock it out of the park so to speak with that one cuz it's there's so much you can do with that. I'm I'm excited to see their imagination come to life and get to experience it. Our girls love the movie, so it's going to be so fun to see that. But I definitely think Animal Kingdom is still worth visiting in 2026. Just know that it's going to look a little different on that half of the park, but the rest of it is going to be virtually the same. So, it is still worth buying the ticket, still worth coming. Depending on this season, you may or may not need Lightning Lane. As you saw today, today's bit of a slower season, and we were still able to ride virtually everything that we wanted to. But I will say we will be back spring break week and yeah probably be buying lightning lanes for that one. But then other seasons when it's a little bit slower, you can definitely do that. Especially if you utilize early entry, totally totally doable with that. But that's going to do it for our video today. Thank you so much for coming along for watching. And you will have to leave me some animal emojis cuz now you're part of my honorary into the video club. Thank you so much for being here. Love you guys. I'll see you next time. Bye.
