---
video_id: PH2fIJTwci8
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "TIPS for your Disney World Resort Room and Packing"
published: 2026-03-16
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PH2fIJTwci8
---
Today we are talking about taming resort chaos. Everything for some preacking tips. If you're getting ready for your trip, you'll want to kind of organize your suitcase a little bit more in advance. That way it'll save future you a little bit of that chaos as well as tips and tricks for utilizing free things that the resort has to offer for you. We were here at Disney's Caribbean Beach for this specific one, but a lot of these will be able to be copy pasted to other Disney resorts and even other hotels outside of Disney World. So, with no further ado, let's go ahead head inside. So, if you're ready, click that thumbs up button and let's go ahead and take a tour and share some of those tips. That way, you are ready for your next resort stay. For my Caribbean beach loving friends, we are checking out a preferred room today. We're in building 25 which is Martineique. So if you're looking at a map and you're looking straight at the main building, Centertown, then you're going to look to the right and that is going to be the resort. This is room 251. Honestly, great location. But we're going to head inside and we're going to show you. So we have spent four nights so far in this resort room. We check out tomorrow. So, I have some thoughts and I wanted to share some things for you guys so that you are prepped and ready for your own stay. For a little context, it is my family of four. So, myself, my husband, my six-year-old, and my four-year-old daughter all staying. So, as I like to say, one big happy family in one little tiny hotel room. So, usually you're probably used to more than a one-bedroom room in your home. So, it's going to look a little different and it can get out of hand really, really quickly. So, we're going to go ahead jump into those tips, though. For the first one, we're heading into the bathroom. So, this one has lots of hanging space. We do have some extra hangers, but seriously, organizing your clothing. If you are outfit planning, if you have anything, I don't care if you're like, you know what, I got a Mickey Mouse t-shirt and I am going to wear that to the Magic Kingdom. It doesn't have to be full on like content influencer, whatever. Like, you don't have to go full out on an outfit to have a little plan. It's okay. But seriously, having organization like either hanging packing cubes in a hotel that has hanging space or doing regular packing cubes. So, we have some traditional ones up here. I pop them on the shelf, but you can also pop them on to a drawer. For me, in this room, I find this really easy. The girls are still usually sleeping, so we can close these doors, and I can still be able to find things. I can turn on a little bit of light in here and actually be able to find stuff instead of stumbling around in the dark trying to dig through drawers, that sort of situation. Another tip, if you're trying to decide, do I want a hanging packing cube or do I want a regular packing cube? Do I want compression? That sort of thing, look at your resort. So, go to Google, type in your resort name, and type in closet. There you go. Or watch YouTube videos, room tours of the hotel you may be going to. That will give you a really good idea of what you're actually working with, the space, is it going to look like? And then you can kind of figure out, all right, I have a lot of hanging space and not a lot of drawer space or I have tons of drawer space and like this much hanging space. So, that will help you to pack and organize accordingly cuz I cannot tell you how much doing future you a favor really does help. Next tip that I have for you guys is to zones. It may not be perfect. It may not be organized. Like, we have shoes. They're kind of all over down here, but we have the shoe zone. So that way when it's early in the morning and you're trying to find something, hubby's trying to find something, whatever, you can know, okay, clothes are here, shoes are in this spot, we have swimsuits here. We have sleep clothes here. All of our socks and underwear are in that top drawer right there. So you can know and kind of use that zone method. It may not be organized cuz I know especially if you are also type A, you love organization and your your mind thrives there. Your brain thrives there. Chaos can ensue when you unpack and everything is everywhere. I I didn't think I would ever have a messy hotel room until we had children and then it was like an explosion tornado goes through cuz you also have little hands messing with and touching and moving everything. like they are the sweetest little hands, but sometimes it can make you second guess yourself like I think I'm going crazy cuz I could have swore I put this right here and it's not here anymore. So that can be a huge help. It's just kind of having zones and have them help with you. Okay, let's put the shoes in the shoe zone and just having those drop zones is a huge huge help for you if you are packing for Disney or anywhere else for that matter. Last packing tip that I wanted to share is hanging organizers. Whether it be you want to hang up your clothes or whatever, a lot of times the doors at these resorts, with the exception of Animal Kingdom, and I feel like there's one other that does not have metal doors. Animal Kingdom, I know, has wooden doors, so they may not work for that, but I have these metal hooks. We use these on the cruise ship and decided to bring this this trip and it has been gamechanging, you guys. These will hold up to 120 lbs. And I have all these organizers. So, we have extra things for the resort. We have laundry or not laundry but dish detergent in here, our cleaner. We have this one that's a laundry basket. And I love that these can actually just be ripped off and it's got my detergent, my pods, my stain spray, and I can run to the laundry. Then when I get back, I just velcro it right back on. Works great. Have some extra kids stuff. We've got backup bubbles and some backup medicines and things in there. But that has been game changer. You could do like a shoe organizer or whatever, but the uh magnetic hooks have been the thing. I wish I would have brought some of the smaller magnetic hooks would have been great for hanging any um extra purses or bags or things here on the back of this door. It's a few different things that I'm like, "Oh man, that would have been great." We have a little sunglasses organizer and I'm like, "Okay, next time I'm bringing the extra magnets and then we can hang more there." And it's great cuz you see things, especially anything that you need right before you go out the door. If you can hang it there, that is fantastic for being able to kind of organize and help you remember things because it's so easy to forget them. A couple of other things that you may want to bring when packing. This is that organizer that I was talking about that I wish I could hang, but these are fantastic. There are outlets with a few USBs, but it's kind of limited inside of this room. So, having one of these is fantastic. We're able to plug in all of the chargers for our Magic Band because it is 2026 and I feel like everything has a battery and needs to be charged. We're also vlogging. We have uh chargers for our phones and camera equipment that needs to be recharged. Batteries for cameras. We have our tiny sound machine. This is another thing you're probably going to want to pack. You will hear things. People are excited. They're having fun. And sometimes when you're excited, you also get noisy. I get it. It gets overstimulating. You have kids that are upset. So, something like this, it is amazing how much sound this tiny little thing puts out, but it is fantastic. Has multiple settings. This is great. Even if you have a baby, you could take this, put it in the stroller, and be able to use that for naps on the go. Absolutely fantastic. But let's talk about some of the things that you can actually utilize for free. First of those being bed bumpers. So, before I show this, I did want to introduce myself. Hi, my name is Ashley and here on my channel, Pixie Dusted Mom, I am all about sharing tips, tricks, and hacks for helping you plan the best family vacation to Disney World. If you are interested in that and you want more magic in your subscription, I would love it if you'd click the red subscribe button, or if you are watching on a big screen of some sort, you can pull out your phone, point it at this with a little camera app open, and it will prompt you to do the rest, and you can join our little internet fam. We would absolutely love to have you. But let's talk about those free things really quickly. So, when it comes to this, they have Disney has recently changed, at least at Disney resorts, they no longer have bed rails. They have what's called bed bumpers. So, they go actually under the sheet as a way for the child to not roll off. We actually were utilizing those at home, so we're pretty familiar with a bed bumper. But, let me spin you around so we can talk about this. So, they do just pop under the sheet. So, for us, this is like the top sheet, and we've just been sliding it under that. I will order two extra blankets so each of my girls has their own and we order three bed bumpers since I have two kids in one bed and to minimize some of the mom she's touching me, mom, she's touching me, she rolled over on me. This has really helped with that. So, they sleep on top of the sheet. They have their own personal blanket so no one's fighting over the blanket. No one's hogging it. They each have their own blanket. has minimized a lot of the little mini arguments about sleep zones and things like that. But you can see the one in the middle and you have a zone on each side. It has really helped. So that is fantastic. You can order these. Now when it comes to ordering things, you can also order mini cribs or pack and plays each resort. Sometimes they have both, sometimes they have one or the other. If you do have a preference, you can request it. Requests are not guaranteed. Sometimes beggars can't be choosers, as they say. You get what you get and you don't pitch a fit. I think we've all heard that one. So, it's kind of how that goes. But, it is a complimentary one to use. I used them when my girls were babies and toddlers and it was fantastic and also cut down on the things that I needed to bring or rent or whatever you are doing for your child. So, that is definitely super helpful. Now, how to get those here on your handydandy resort phone. You're going to see either resorts for resort words are hard resort services or you're going to see housekeeping depending on the phone. So, you're going to pick it up, press that button. When the lovely cast member on the other end of it says hello and ask you, "How can I help you?" You're going to say, "Hey there, I've checked into XYZ Resort Caribbean Beach today for us. I am in room 251 and I am needing to get two extra blankets, three bed bumpers, whatever, and a pack and play or a mini crib or whatever you're needing." And then they will be like, "Okay, we'll have that out. Hang out in your room. housekeeping will bring it to you and you're all set. Um, sometimes the housekeepers will set these up for you. Sometimes you will do it yourself. Personally, we just take them and do it ourselves whenever we're ready. Um, and we'll just handle that typically, but it's up to sometimes it depends on the cast member. But another thing that you can request that has been really helpful, especially with little kids that are picky eaters, you can also request a microwave. That has been game changing. Sometimes you can get it, sometimes you can't. We There's been a lot of times that they weren't available or they were all taken at the time. So, your mileage may vary. You may have to use the free microwave in the quick service, which is still not a big deal. You still have access to one if you want to order groceries, use things like that to help save and also have things for your kids that they'll actually eat. Um, then that works really great. But you can always request one and see if you get lucky. Thankfully, these last couple trips we've gotten lucky. So, I don't know if they've upped it or what. We're just we're maybe on a good streak. I don't know. Maybe we should buy a lottery ticket. But these have been absolutely amazing if you have babies, formula, all that good stuff. It is fantastic to have an extra little microwave if you are needing it for whatever reason. And then before we jump into a little bit of a room tour so you can see any updates that have been made here at Caribbean Beach, these hanging they're hanging toiletry bags, but we have used them this trip as our kids activities for the plane. We're using them in the room. So, if we're getting ready, one's in the shower, whatever. It has been so nice to have these if you're wanting to go screenree. This is also a great option for keeping them occupied with that. So, doing that, kind of making a little DIY bag of activities. We've got little magnet things and whatnot. I can link some things down below that we love to use in these bags, but that has been absolutely game-changing. Oh, and the last thing I did want to share, having a spot for dirty clothes, whether it's a bag, a basket like this. I absolutely love this. It kind of twists and folds down really small and I'm able to go back and forth. I can do laundry here if I want to. If not, it just keeps it consolidated so it's not everywhere cuz again, chaos, we want it kind of somewhat tidy. But that has been a huge huge help for us in travel is to have one of those with us as well. And then last but not least, a little bit of an updated tour for those of you who are coming to Caribbean Beach, staying at Caribbean Beach. So for the walls, they have this new light baby blue, sky blue kind of color going on on the walls. So it's a little bit lighter, brighter feeling in here. They have replaced the carpet with hard floors. Fantastic. We have new covers on the chairs, kind of the cushions, and then we also have new curtains, drapery going on there. The light is the same, the headboard's the same, the dressers and things like that are the same, but it has received some new upgrades. I love these. I also love the under bed storage. Again, I cannot remember if that had that before. I don't believe it did. And this is just absolutely amazing. You can tuck your suitcase under there. We have one tucked over under this side. Again, if you are unpacking, it really gets it out of the way if you do have the full four people in here. you have a full four people and then you also have like a baby in here with a pack and play taking up space that gets really tight really fast. And so having places that you can kind of tuck things away has been super helpful. You've got obviously your drawers. Everything about this is the same. You still have your mini beverage cooler in here. Beverage cooler cools to 41° and above. So do with that information what you will. Most milk and fruit and things like that do need to stay at 36. So that's that. We keep trying and we're like, "Oh, maybe we'll get lucky and have a really cold one." And no, our our fruits and things kind of go bad kind of quickly. So, want to just make that note for that. Um, you do have the bench over here. Got the new kind of cover on the top of it as well. Coming into the bathroom, again, that lighter color following us in here. Same mirror, same um situation with the sinks, the vanity. I wish they would have put into these rooms what they did in The Little Mermaid. They actually have a stool that pulls out for little kids to get up to the sink. Those are over in Trinidad, but they did not put them in the other four sections of the resort, which is kind of sad. Those were so helpful. I loved them. Um but the closet is the same basically. Your doors are the same, all that. Your shower is remotely the same. It's got a white shower curtain. I think before it was more of a print, so it's a little more basic now, but I'm sure white is also a lot easier to wash and clean. So, you know, they make it easier. But same situation. Does have a tub. Again, if you are coming, you got a little baby or a little toddler that needs a bath. They're just not shower people. You've got that going on. That though is going to do it for our recap of the room tour and also some of our packing tips. Seriously, the favorite one of mine this trip has been the magnetized organizer on the back of the door. I don't know why I've not done that already. So, if you try it, you'll have to let me know. Tag me in an Instagram post or story or something if you try that out. And if you try any of these tips out, I would love it. I would love to see it. If it helps you and you are so excited about it and it's like, I got to share this, tag me. I would love to see it. I am such an like organization and packing nerd. So, we can we can nerd out together. It' be fun. But, thank you so much for watching. I hope you got something out of this and it did help. Also, now that we've made it to the end, you are part of my honorary end of the video club. So, you will have to leave me some tropical emojis and let me know your favorite Disney resort or if you're not much of a Disney person, which I know we're not all Disney people, your favorite resort just in general. I would love to know and hear about it down in the comment section. But, I love you guys. I'll see you in the next one. Bye.
