---
video_id: NZvw5-JJQlM
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "2026 🌈 EPCOT Festival of the Arts | Is This Festival Family Friendly?"
published: 2026-01-21
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZvw5-JJQlM
---
Hey there and welcome to Epcot. We are here for Disney's Festival of [music] the Arts and we're finding all of the kid-friendly activities and eats along the way through World Showcase [music] and some of our parental favorites as well. So, if you are excited, ready to prep for your own visit to Festival of the Arts, go ahead, click the thumbs up button down below and let's jump into it. [music] The scavenger hunts of course. [music] Perfect. Let's come back here for our prize, right? Yes. Okay. All right. We got our [music] scavenger hunt. All right, girls. You ready for your scavenger hunts? Yeah. All right. So, they look like this with all the little stickers. Okay. So, this is called Figments Brush with the Masters. So, it's all this fun art stuff. We're going to pull this out. Hey, I saw this on Little Einstein. And then Oh, you did see a lot of these on Little Einstein, actually. All right. So, we have to find these pieces of art. And I've seen these ones before inside the El Town. Oh, yeah. When we find those, we have to match them to the country that we found them in. So, once we do that, we can go back and get our prize. Okay. Okay. So, let's see. The United Kingdom. We're looking for a This is called vertical up and down. So, this is tall. It's called vertical. And then like this is called horizontal. So, we're looking for a vertical picture in the United Kingdom. So, we got to go keep our eyes out for one of these. Okay. Okay. All right. We got to keep our eyes peeled. Let's pop them in here for now. There we go. All right. You can hold these. Okay. And let's look for the pieces of art. I think I spotted it. [laughter] Oh, you found him. [music] All right. We found him. So, what is he dressed in? Can you find which [music] one he's dressed in? This one. That one. Good job. So, this is the one for you, [music] Belle. So, you can pick up the sticker and then we're going to put it on the UK spot. I'm sorry. I'm not using the [music] new activity. All right. All right. So, put that right here. Right here. This one is the green one that says the U [music] United Kingdom. There you go. Got our first country. parents. Shh. If you want a hint to where it is crown and [music] crest right there. [music] Oh, look at that. Oh, it's like a trading card. Oh, that's fun. Let's do that. [music] It's number 25. Thank you. And a hot 25. Thank you. All right, let's see if we can find the next one in Canada. Very stout. No, this is Canada. Mine's pretty good. Is it? I'm interested to taste the Skittles towards the end. Oh my gosh. Yes. The [laughter] pop Skittles. Hey, it's wiring me and getting me going. Looking for a Figment. Doing well. How are you? If I had to guess, I'm going to go with He's probably [music] in the trading post. Where are you? Where are you, Figgy? I'm hanging out with you guys. Did Bella find Figgy? Figgy. Figgy. Figgy. Good luck. Thank you. You, too. Maybe we'll see you later. This photo or portrait is called Dreamer's Woods. And it's going to go on this orange one that says Canada. Oh. Cuz that's the country we're in is Canada. Oh, what what is this one? That one was from the United Kingdom. Oh, and that one's called Figment and Blue. Oh, I like the scavenger hunt. I do, too. I'm stirring in my whipped cream. I'm curious to see cuz it is the lavender whipped cream. I don't know that I've ever had a coffee with lavender. Really? Ooh, Pinkiey's out today. Especially not with pop. I'm telling you, the pop Skittles are so pinky's out. I'm Skittles and you're going [laughter] I don't know if that's fancy. It's a flavor I've never expected, but one I'm not disappointed in. I like it mixed in together. That's really good. It takes away a lot of the It like masks a lot of the bitterness. Has a really great flavor. Excuse me. Can you please stop pushing the stroller back and sit back in the seat? Thank you so much. All right. Do you want to try? Here we go. Oh, that is good. I like it hot. Yeah. I don't know that I've liked the a hot Joffre drink, but this is good. And you can taste the Skittles, too. Isn't that strange? That is like I just got [laughter] that. I was like, "Wait a minute. What am I tasting?" Cuz this I feel like the hot of the beverage [music] melts the Skittles faster cuz you don't taste it as much in that one. Yeah. I like this one. Hit more of the lavender. But this one, you really taste the Skittles. Worth it. And parents need fuel, so that's why we had to stop and get the coffee. Very first thing. All right, let's eat a couple of bites of this and keep searching. But but okay, this is not a a thing, but maple popcorn opens in 15 minutes. I'm okay if we just sit here and eat the donut and then get some maple popcorn. Maple popcorn. Fresh maple popcorn. There's plenty of time for the rest of the festival today. But we got to make a moment for for the maple popcorn. [laughter] This is mine. Oh, forgot my coffee. Inconceivable. All right. Their shows are tonight are at 5:30, 6:45, and 8:00 p.m. Do you want to try my donut? Everything [music] that we think looks good. I'm just going to dog ear the page. Okay, good. Definitely have to do the grilled cheese. Oh, that's in America. Okay, the maple popcorn stands opening. I think next time we need to get two buckets so we can have two maple popcorns. Yeah. Or we could get some today. Maybe next time. Buckets. Is this fresh maple popcorn? It I think it's fresh. It's not hot. Never mind. A dude. I was hoping it would be fresh hot. But they opened 10 minutes early, so it's okay. They did. I'm okay with that. They knew we were waiting. They were like, "Man, these people need some maple popcorn." All right, the booths are starting to open. Canada's open and it's a little early. They were ready. Canada was popping, man. Yeah, they were ready. They said we open in 10 minutes. Nay, we open now. Starting the morning with coffee and ice cream. Yeah, it's festival day. Let's do it. Yes, that's all. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Oh my goodness. Hey, let's go straight across. It looks like just straight across. Is that good? Figment cone. Is that not beautiful? Strawberry soft serve. Looks like nerdish candy. Probably not nerds. I don't know if they bought the rights for that. Figment wings. Are you ready for your cone? Hey, how is it? Is it yummy? Can I try? And I think the cone is a lavender cone. I'm going to try it on this side. That's really good. Oh, yummy. Lucy, did you like the wing? Yeah. Yep. She liked the wing. And Bella was so kind. She said, "You can try one." No. You didn't like the wings, though? Do you like the ice cream? The ice cream is a hit. So, it's got white chocolate. and an edible sticker. Are those fondant? I guess I think I think it's fondant and then like white chocolate wings. Yeah, you can skip the sticker. The sticker is not very good. [laughter] That's probably the part L didn't like about it. White chocolate. Delicious. I do like the sprinkles a little bit. Oh, Lucy got some nerds. They're so good. I love it. I feel like a kid again. [laughter] Nerds. Yes, ma'am. I hate the sprinkles. A little bit. A little bit. Yeah. Those are called nerds candy. They're actually not sprinkles. Daddy loves Nerds candies. Oh, that is good. Yeah. The cones good, too, isn't it? Mhm. I like everything about that. The girls don't like the Skittles. I mean, the the nerds. That's okay. I love Nerds. That was one of my favorite candies as a kid. Oh, no. More Nerds. I need to get them. Oh, no. Daddy will happily serve as tribute. [laughter] We have found the longest line of the festival, the grilled cheese. Yes, it is that popular. At other times when I've been here for this festival, it is consistently long like this. But in my opinion, it is worth it and also kid-friendly. So, double worth it. All right. It's not a lot of color in there yet. Nice and fresh. I like it. And then I swam all the way over into My hands were so full I could not get spoons. So, [laughter] this looks delicious. It does look delicious. The photos and videos of this food does not do it justice. This looks way more delicious than what the cameras are picking up. Oh, yes. All right, so we've made it over to the first playground here in World Showcase. It is right between Imagination, so the Figment area and going into World Showcase. If you're headed towards Canada on the right side, um, this one is great. It looks like it's still though the same playground that they had for Festival of the Holidays. I don't know if they're going to close it and then reopen it for Festival of the Arts or if they're like, "It's winter time still. We're just going to leave it and then maybe revamp it when it gets closer to Flower and Garden." So, didn't know. I don't know how that's going to go, but just giving you an update on day one of the festival. It's still a fun playground. Lots of tables, chairs, benches, standing tables, Disney trash cans that also function as tables if you need to do that if it's like super busy over here. But this is a great spot. There's a few different food booths. You got the grilled cheese nearby. [music] You have the beef Wellington here, which looks fantastic. So, you've got some things that you can grab some food, get some wiggles out, and be able to kind of take a parental break for a second if you are needing that when you're here. So, we're going to dive in, though, cuz I am hungry. You ready? I'm ready. All right. What are we doing in first? All right. Um, you know what? We got all of these beautiful looking grilled cheeses. I want to dip a grilled cheese. All right, let's dip. All right, I'm going to take this one back here. Dip, dip, dip. I'm going to dip my own because it's here. Why not? I mean, we have plenty of tomato soup, so Walker. Walker. Walker. That's good. The tomato soup isn't as good as the one that you get at Riviera. I'm saying it. But it's still good. It's good. It's worth the wine, though. Agreed. That's yummy. I love this. I was so excited to come to this festival for this grilled cheese alone. [laughter] You legit were like, I can't wait till you get to eat the grilled cheese. When I was here one year during this festival, I think [music] I ate the girls and I ate like five of these. Worth it in one day. Did we just go at the same time? [laughter] Mine will say did not get fully melted. I'm trying to go to there. Okay, I can help you. I can help you. One, two, three, jump. I like that. I'm excited for this beef ball. Especially on a on this cold day, the warm soup is just like It's a good one. It does not dethrone, like I said, the Rivera soup, but it is good. and and Montreal. Always got to stop for Montreal. Okay, it is not cut with a knife tender. So, we're going to have to deduct points for this. Hopefully, it is more tender in our mouths than it is so in this thing. Yeah. There we go. Teamwork. Teamwork makes the dream work. Ready? All right. Uno trace. That's good flavor. Mhm. It's not tender. No. Not super tender. No. But the flavor is good. But again, it can be the cut of the meat like Mhm. or just a piece of the meat. Oh, yeah. But the flavor is fantastic. Mhm. So, you got a second bite that was tender. Mhm. So, like you said, it could just be a little bite. It could because how many times do you get a steak and there's a spot in it that is tougher than another spot? Like it's just it's kind of par for the course. I mean, they're not putting the fanciest cut of meat out here for a food booth and especially for the price point. They're not doing that. Yeah, for real. This is not going to be the best steak you've ever eaten in your life at a food booth. No. But it is good. And if you've never had beef Wellington, this is a good little like, oh, cool. I can be Wellington thing. This is flavors that I don't get at home. This is great. I love it. I like that. Mhm. The kids would not eat this. No, our kids wouldn't eat this at all. But that's okay. We can enjoy it. Okay. Lizzy didn't or Bella didn't like the grilled cheese, but she likes the tomato soup. [music] She's like, "Yummy. This is good." Also, the paint distribution center is right by, so I'm jumping in line while Dean is letting the girls play and grabbing our supplies. Got four different colors sponges. And now we wait. This is another color. Do you want yellow, daddy? Yes. Okay. And everybody paint six squares of this color. And you have to paint it on the number that's on top. All right. Just a second there, Lucy. Four. All right. Let's do this together. Okay, baby. So 13. There's some 13s here at the bottom. So why don't you sit down? We'll put your paint there and you can paint the bottom. Perfect. Okay, go down one more. That's so cute. So now you want to get the numbers to the right of that, too. When it's all done, it will look like that. That's cool. That is for actual real life artist. Let's check out. Oh, wow. Okay. I really want to do it now. Baby, this is for them. They're doing this. [music] That's so cool. Look, she's drawing one right now. You want to go check it out? Yeah. We picked up our Figment Brush with the Masters scavenger hunt here. When you enter World Showcase right there [laughter] from the kind of back side of Epcot, we came in International Gateway, but you can also get it at Creations. You can also get it to the right as you're coming in the main entrance there. You can see there is a gift shop as you go under the ball on the right side. There is Creations over here to the left that you can go to or the gift shops right before you go into World Showcase. So, this one or this one. So you can grab it there. They are $11.99 a piece and you are able to go around. You're looking for the art, but Figment has taken over him and his imagination. So you're looking for all of the art shots. So we'll show you those as we continue around World Showcase. But wanted to let you know about that where to get it. It is $11.99. And then after you complete it, you get a souvenir prize or sometimes they'll also let you go ahead and pick them up when you purchase this. So it just depends on the cast member. But for us, we're like, we'll save this that for later. will complete the scavenger hunt and then just pop by. You can go by those exact same locations to pick up the prize there at the end. That's so cute. We found our first art hidden in the countries. And each country is supposed to have at least one of these. Oh, really? Hidden throughout like a co like a character from the country. That's cool. That's an art piece that they've added. I like that. Yeah. Let's go find the art piece inside. Not yet. My eyes aren't adjusted. So cool. Don't touch it. Beautiful. Stickers. We have come up completely empty on the scavenger hunt in Mexico. They're taking it seriously. They are the hide and seek champions of the world. I feel like it's in somewhere and it's very obvious and we're just somehow missing it. But at this point, yeah, we're missing it. It's gone. So, if you found it, put it in the comments. Let us know. Let leave a hint for the rest of us parents that are looking for this thing. Did you see snowies up on the building? Look at the snowies. They're so cute. All right. Good job, girl. Norway has been found. P.S. It is in the gift shop. As you are exiting the room with the troll, find the big troll. Look around the room. You'll find Pigment. That was awesome, Loose. You found the piece. Good job, Lucy. Here's your sticker. out of China is the top one that is orange. Sweet. You guys did good. In China before you go in, it's right over there. We're looking for a picture with a bridge. An up and down one of the shops. Let's see. So, it is bananas for day one, right? [music] So we have come up empty in Germany as well. This is proving a bit more difficult than expected. The one for flower or food and wine is Remy outside. So it's always really easy. And then Buzz the bee is always outside as well. this one. Some of them are in gift shops and they're kind of tucked away. So, it's perfect to be a bit more chunky fig. He's upped his game compared to Remy and Buzz. As Chloe, look at that. Somebody's buying some art. Some big old pieces. [music] Top red. There we go. Good job. made it to America. America. And in the pavilion here, they actually in the American Gardens Theater, they have a fun drawing class at 12:30 p.m. and 1:30 p.m. each day. So, we're going to go do the animation class and draw a Disney character. All right, girls. Y'all ready? We're ready. I wonder who we're going to draw. Who do you think we're going to draw? [music] A that'd be good. You think Bambi? I think Figment. That's what I was [laughter] going to say. Maybe Figment. One thing to keep in mind, this class is a little bit different than [music] the animation experience over at Animal Kingdom where they teach you to draw there. They actually have coloring sheets [music] and crayons that the kids can use. But as far as at least day one, maybe that's something that they'll add throughout the festival. Sometimes they do make revisions due to guest feedback and [music] request, but right now they're not doing that here at this location. So kids get the same thing we do. Plain paper and a pencil. So just something to keep in mind. If you have like a little coloring kit, you might want to bring that in [music] for them to use during the experience if you're wanting to draw and maybe keep them occupied for a little bit longer. That's an idea. You can also bring food into here. Hello. Welcome to the America Gardens Theater. Welcome your sketch artist smart. WOW. LITTLE How's everyone doing? Having a good time at FESTIVAL OF THE ARTS. WOO! NICE. NOW, we're going to do a friend of his, Dreamfinder. Go ahead and pull your pencils out. Um, and we're going to start by drawing really lightly at first. I'm going to draw something and then you draw it after you see what I do and then we'll kind of walk our way through this together. I'm just going to draw a circle here right in the middle of the page cuz we're going to need some space up here for the hat. Kind of how it is. The sideburns. I'm thinking of another character and I always associate it with other characters. Captain Kangaroo. Anyone? Anyone showing our age? Okay, thank you. He's going to come down and tuck up behind the mustache and his beard likes to flow out. Not so much down. It's not a big cotton ball, but actually has a flow to it. We are back out and looking for the scavenger hunt in America. America. Can you do the pigment part? So this is America. Good job. I already know where from America. Epcot is busy, but it's not always this busy. So just a heads up if you're coming on a first day of the festival. It's bananas. As a creator, I I don't like it. If our trip had fell a different way, I would have come any other day but the first day just because it's so busy. But we are making lemonade out of busy limits. Do you want to go get in line at the booths and get us some of the Wagu steam bun things? Yes. Is this the line? Uh I This is the line. Yep. All right. I'm hopping in this line. Oh, do you realize just two of them or just one? just one to try. We've not had it. The girls and I are going to go try to find the art. We haven't found the art yet, but we have found the kid cut spot. So, we're going to take a minute and do some coloring before we continue our search. Girls are on snack break cuz mom's on sticker duty. We found Japan. It's near the stroller parking. We're going to do the ocean. We got that one done. We have four more to do. Even though we missed Italy and Mexico, I I don't know where it's at, but we're going to Morocco and France. We're going to knock it out. We're going to get it done. Okay. The purple wagoo pod. Going to cut it in half and then we can Oh, we got to take a picture of it, don't we? Oh, yes, we do. I forgot. The camera eats first. I don't know if the meat looks purple. We're going to find out when we cut into this thing. I don't think the meat's supposed to be purple. That might be a little strange. I think Figment made this one being purple. You think so? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Here's your half. Thank you. I know. You mind? Are we going to cheers our buns? Cheers our buns. That sounded really wrong once it came out OF MY MOUTH. I like that. I do. That's kind of There you go. Good bite. You don't like it? THERE YOU GO. OH, HI. She just said you just barely touched your tongue. Chew it up. We're going to start making Bella try it first. Good. Guess what? I for sure would get this again. Guess what's behind this picture? What? [music] Yes. A kitty? No. A purple girl? No. A lollipop? No. A Bella? No. A picture? No. What? [laughter] has found a piece of art. The darkling is coming over, right? See if we can find it. No yelling. Okay. Really? Oh, she's saying that the mosaic here. Um, I don't think it's that way. There it is. Found it. All right, you girls want to do your Morocco stickers? Oh, look. It's a boo. That's cute. Look. Let's go back there. It says there's something yummy yummy thingy. That's so cute. That's so cute. That's adorable. All right. So, this one is located in the shop that's just to the right of West Falls. So before you go in there, go get that large one, you can come in the shop and find pigment. A, that's cute. It is cute. [music] So many cute pieces. I like your ears. Very cute. This one, you can take this one. [music] It goes on the blue one cuz you lost the purple one before. You lost the sticker for the purple one. All right. Can you girls throw your sticker sheets away now THAT WE'RE ALL DONE? RIGHT BEHIND YOU. DADDY, can I have a wipe, please? I'm going to say this. Me and Ashley were talking about this. We would have thought that the draw of the food booths would have made like the bakery in France slower, different restaurants in general. But lines are still out the wall. Like they're like out the door wrapping around buildings and things like that here today. Everywhere. Like it doesn't matter. also a holiday weekend. So again, just because it's January doesn't mean there are zero crowds. I hear that all the time. It's like it's not always slow crowds. Not all the time. So it's like it's can't take that as a blanket statement. Oh, January is low crowd. Ain't nothing to love about this. I've seen summer crowds lower than this. It's stressful. Go ahead. It's okay. 23rd of next month. felt like it was almost like pretty good. And we're back where we started with the scavenger hunt here in the UK. I know it's not. This was a favorite of the girls before and they've been so excited to make it here. But this is the kids chalk art. They've moved it over in front of Imagination, the Imagination Pavilion. So, you can actually go over here and do some chalk art with your kiddos right under the water line, which is really fun. Oh, this is Disney. Hi, Disney. Such a cute area. This is fun. Oh, look. This is like um living with the land. Oh, that's cool. They've got test track. Different countries. That's so cute. Got the Mexico pavilion. That's fun. You're so fun. Um, what about there's a spot right there. That's a good spot. [music] [music] Okay, let's go. Did you see see them blow blowing on the chalk earlier? Yeah. Yeah. Is that why you're doing it? I think you need to blow gently. Okay. That's a stitch. Oh, wow. I like this. She's good. Yeah, that's really good, isn't it? too. So good. Make sure you have some wipes if you come to the place that has the chalk so you can clean the hands off of the chalk or clean the chalk off the hands. All right. Can you toss this while I throw these on? Thank you. There you go. Right. Go send the stroller for me. This is cool. This is cool. Look, this is from Frozen. Look at those. That's awesome. [music] All right. Come on. And then Nala. That's This is Simba. And this is the Nala mask. Lioness, the giraffe, the mouse, and then Simba on the last. Oh, look. It's Simba Bell. That's cool. Just like the song in my head. [music] They've got the popcorn popcorn chicken thingy that we're going to try. Chicken thingy. And then they have the figment cake. All right, we're going to try some Figment. went into the Communicore Hall and checked out the like off Broadway stuff. Oh, the Disney broad. Disney on Broadway. Not off Broadway. My bad. Off Broadway is a shoe store. Off Broadway. We was looking for some new kicks while we were out there. Got to admit the ones that we got right now. Fantastic. What are these? Who makes these? Alt. Not Ultra. Ultra with an Alt. Alt. Fantastic. I have not worn a separate pair of shoes. My feet don't hurt. So, I'm I know that people say, "Oh, yeah. Turn these out. If you don't hurt I love these shoes. I I love them. Okay. Yeah. Back to what we're doing here. Figment food. Bye. Not sponsored. Everybody though. I wish it was. It'd be awesome. They're great shoes. [music] Um, outside of outside of the creations gift shop, they've got the shrubs up. And hopefully that doesn't mean they're taking it down. I sure hope not. Hopefully it's just getting a little refresh for Festival of the Arts. Oh, that would be super cool because it was open on Sunday when we came. Yeah. So hopefully, please don't take our Please don't take our playground. Don't take our favorite playground away. [music] Apparently Figment Figment keeps popping up over here behind me. [music] As soon as I turn the camera, he's going to disappear. Look, there he is. It's another pig. Pig cake. Popcorn chicken. Popcorn chicken. Piggy cake. Piggy cake. All right. Hold on. Don't touch nothing. All right. Strawberry lemonade. Oh, wow. Blue raspberry figment lemonade. That took a lifetime. It was the food. The drinks are going so fast. All right. Well, let's get a camera eat first real quick. I know. Oh, this thing looks so cool. It looks fun. It smells good. Mommy chicken popcorn. Popcorn. Chicken and this is the color something [music] cake. And then the um figment cake. The figment cake's pretty. Can I have the purple? You absolutely can in just a minute. Okay. And it's going splat. [music] Okay. All right. Mommy and daddy get to sample first. Here's your forks. Daddy, here's your fork. Mommy and daddy get to sample first. And then you guys can eat as much of it as you want. Oh, wow. Wait. Oh, very strawberry. Oh, that's yummy. Is that yummy? That's good. I like that. So, is that what you would call figgy cake? [music] No, it's Well, it's not figgy pudding. We know that for sure. Not figgy pudding. I like that. That's delicious. It's got a lot of strawberry. Got some good stuff. The the strawberry on the inside is very strawberry. So, if you don't like strawberry, you won't like that. [music] Fact. Let's slice into this yummy, very dense cake. All right, I'm going to swipe this Skittles. He followed it. You can have two parts. I like that one. I like I actually hate it. Oh, you actually hate it. You want to try the purple cake? Uh, sure. I like that cake. It's got It's dense. very dense. It tastes like a cake with a lot of food coloring. Like it's just kind of what it tastes like. And if I'm not mistaken, I feel like when you add food coloring to things, it eliminates the moist. If I'm not mistaken, I'm not a baker. It up. Uh-huh. Yeah. It affects the consistency. You spill the whole thing. All right. This one's got like popcorn waffle. It's got a waffle. Popcorn chicken. What you doing, kid? You don't want any more of it? Okay. The consensus of the table is the colorful one. But the wings were awesome. They were chocolate. Ooh, chocolate wings. Yep. I like it. The consistency of the table is no on the pigment cake [music] from the kids. Okay. Please don't do that. Uh-uh. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. I like the popcorn chicken. Do it again. Mhm. [music] And I like the bubble waffle, too. Oh, no. Cuz it's just a [music] it's a little bubble waffle. Yeah. What does it taste like? Does it taste like a gummy? No, it tastes like a waffle. [music] Okay, I'll take it. You want to try it? Yep. Not be too good. Everybody else at the table was like, me. Um, I'm going to go with I liked the pigman cake. It was Okay, that's it. Waffle. Oh, and Lucy loved the waffle. I love the waffle, too. It was really good. Got the pixie dusted mom standing in line for a popcorn bucket. What do you have to say for yourself? I may or may not be getting a popcorn bucket. Hi. Hi, Ashley. 14.99. Is it Ashley? Have you been collecting them [music] or is it your first? Uh, we have other a few other popcorn buckets, but he's really cute. He's my daughter's favorite, so we had to get a big one. Mommy, let me show you something THAT'S SUPER COOL. Super cool. Can you hand it to me? Of course. Hold on. Wait. Patience, my dears. Patience. Can I hold it, please? Thank you for asking. That was great. OH, WOW. CANDY candy popcorn. Yeah, popcorn. Can I hold it? [music] I want it purple. Whoa, that's so fun. Can I try? Not yet. You can hold in just a second. You like it? Cool. Figment's so fun. Purple. Purple. Can I try? [music] Can I hold it again? It's making it out. I wasn't. And then I was and I wasn't. It was. And then next thing I know I'm in line. [laughter] We're walking through that. Walk people. We can get into the show for the Disney on Broadway. So, here's hoping. We will see. Off we go. Feels pretty good. It's more comfortable than it should be. It's more comfortable than the benches are. Yeah. Honestly, for concrete. Literally the front row. When you see Mary Poppins flying or the entire jungle coming alive, the stars of Disney on Broadway's Aladdin, Adam Jacobs and Isabelle Mala, [cheering] [music] we'll join the car [singing] tonight. I steal what I can afford. Yeah, that's everything. These guys [music] take that. I [music] can show you the world. Shining shimmering [singing] landed. [music] [singing] [cheering] You said [applause] you [music] [music] [music and singing] see [music] the house. I was sing [music] [singing] just finished up with the Disney on Broadway show here. Absolutely amazing. Check your schedule. It was really cool. Now, they're not in their costume. So, we just watched Aladdin and Jasmine. They are not dressed as Aladdin and Jess. They're just in regular clothing. But absolutely incredible. If you love Disney musicals, if you love Disney music and love Disney on Broadway, this is so good. Love getting to see these people and their talent. It is just absolutely incredible. So, if that is your thing, definitely stop by. They have the dinner package, but you don't, unless it's just super popular people, you don't have to um purchase that package. But if it is something that you are like, I've got to see these people and I want to be front row, that is something you can do. We entered like 5 minutes before 5 10 minutes before the show, we sat along this wall and the dinner package area hadn't filled completely. So about 5 minutes before the show, they were able to grab some of us and pull us down there. So we got front row to the show, which was absolutely incredible. So again, just a little tip there. If you don't want to do the dinner package, but if you're like, I've got to have it, then that's going to be your way to go. And that is going to do it for Festival of the Arts, all the kid-friendly fun things. If there's something that we missed, let me know down in the comment section. That way, others can see and know about all the fun that you can have with your family here at Disney's Festival of Arts. But thank you so much. I will see you back in the next one.
