---
video_id: 0PvoAO1785M
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "PACKING FOR A WEEK AT DISNEY | What To Bring & Suitcase Organization"
published: 2026-03-23
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PvoAO1785M
---
Hey you and welcome to today's spring at Disney World pack with me and recap. We just spent eight days, seven nights, four parks, and two resorts at Disney World for springtime. And I'm going through and sharing what I packed and also what we used and what I probably could have left at home so that you can help better prepare for your own spring trip. So, if you are excited, got a countdown going, you're ready for your own springtime at Disney World, go ahead, click the thumbs up button, and let's jump into it. Before we get into the suitcases and everything, I wanted to quickly run through my park bag and what we used. So, it was for myself and my husband and my two little girls. I have a 4-year-old and a six-year-old. So, just kind of give you some parameters on what we were prepped for. So, with that, I had this gigantic pack of snacks. it got knocked into. We had these for using for coffee from in the room. We would do like iced coffees to go and those were great. We did use those. Lots of snacks. We still have a few lollipops left but a lot of it and few meat sticks but a lot of it got eaten on the trip which was great. We have my little mommy's bag of tricks. We used a bunch of glow sticks. I have all the little tops. I just kind of keep those and we can put them on future glow sticks. Um, but we've got that and then a few little glow up rings. Used all of these sticker sheets that I had in there. But those were extremely helpful, especially for evenings at the parks. The stickers were great for waiting in lines, bus rides to keep them entertained for a few seconds. Those were great. The little beach bag that I have here, we used the Solar Buddy with our sunscreen in it got used. The powder sunscreen definitely got used. That was a huge thing that got used a lot. um did use the brush on occasion. The extra clothes did not get used this trip, but it's kind of like packing rain gear. If you pack the rain gear, it may not rain or it'll rain less. I I just feel like that's the way it goes. We definitely use the meal time bag. The compostable straws were a huge hit. Absolutely love those. Disney only has paper straws. So, packing these if your kid is like texture thing, they chew them together. I know my girls would do that when they were babies and toddlers. It would be like just stuck together in literally seconds. So, these have been a great alternative for us, but still friendly with the environment. So, we've got those. We've got some little drawing coloring place mats in here. Again, they loved those. This bag is a bag of Ziploc bags. Seriously, put your Ziploc bags in there. It's such a little thing that I do and I'm like, I don't even I don't credit this enough with enough value. But seriously, this was great. We were able to put Cheerios in it to throw in the park bag. We could do little carrot sticks and things. Any little little snack grocery things that we had ordered to have in the room. These were great. If they had food left over at a restaurant, we could toss some of the things into this and be able to have it with us and 30 minutes later when they were hungry again cuz they didn't eat when we were at the restaurant. This was handy. So, seriously, pack yourself some of those. The charger got used almost daily. the motion patches. Again, those are things that we rotate through. We use them pretty frequently. Got my meds pack. We had Tylenol in here. We had a few headaches along the way. Um the kids needed some medicine as well, so we were able to do that. And then, let's see, last let's see, two things. And then we'll be last, but and those will be the last but not least things. This spray, I seriously swear by it. I kind of thought it was a gimmick when I saw a bunch of people posting about it and I'm like, "Okay, this is either hyped because it's genuinely that amazing or everybody's just hyping it to hype it." And no joke, we've used this for two trips now and not had any issues. Like I'm I'm very grateful cuz we were definitely around the illness of illnesses like all the all of them. We were we saw stomach bugs. We saw um snotty people and like I I don't know if they had the flu or a cold or COVID or whatever, but whatever they had, we didn't come home with any of it. So, I'm really grateful and serious. I genuinely credit that stuff. Um we do it once a day leading up to the trip and then that spray tastes like honey. We do it I try to keep it in my purse or in our park bag. We do it in the morning, we do it in the evening, um per the instructions on there. And then last but not least on this, this was more of an airplane thing than an in park thing. Um, but it's nice if you if you're doing a little picnic to have something to like toss all of the trash into so it's not blowing away when you're sitting there having a little picnic. But these will stick to the back of the seat in front of you, especially if you're on an airline. It's got the little bag here. You can toss your trash into it. Your kids opening snacks, they're opening color packs and doing all those things. This is a great place to throw that trash if you take food on. It just gives you a nice little place to collect all of that. So, these are seriously amazing. They're not super thick if you need to use it as a barf bag. I've not had that instance. Hopefully, knock on wood, I will never have to have that instance. Um, but it's a little thin for that. But now that we've gone through this, we're ready to move on to some of the other categories of things that we packed. But before I do that, I did want to quickly introduce myself before we hang out for too much longer. Hi, my name is Ashley and welcome to my channel, Pixie Destined Rome. I'm so excited you're here and grateful that you clicked on today's video. I'm all about sharing tips, tricks, and hacks for helping you plan the best Disney vacation as a family. We are big proponents of family travel and making those amazing memories together here on the channel. And we do that with sharing our tips along the way as we travel and also getting you ready and pumped for your next magical adventure. So, if that's something you want, go ahead, click the red subscribe button below or you can scan the handy dandy QR code here on the screen. But, however you join the internet fam, be it at the red button or the QR code. We are so excited to have you and thank you again for clicking on the video. It is an pleasure to meet you and hope to see you back for another one. But now, let's hop into all the packing that I did and I'll kind of recap what I packed and what I needed and could have left at home. Welcome to the packing while I talk about unpacking. So, this is a little bit different style, but we're kicking it off with the shoes. So, recapping kind of what I packed here, I actually took three pairs of shoes total for this trip. Two tennis shoes and one pair of sandals. Bare minimum, I would say a good rule of thumb is to pair take a pair of really comfortable walking tennis shoes. For spring, summer, fall, all three of those seasons are usually rather warm at Disney World. So, for me, I also like to take a pair of comfy sandals. This is great for park days, especially rainy park days. That way, your tennis shoes are not getting just water logged. As well as being nice for if you want to kind of have something that maybe dresses your outfit up. It looks a little different than tennis shoes. You do have some comfy shoes for that. Wearing to the pool, going to the water park. They make a little bit more of a versatile option. I don't know that you're going to want to wear your tennis shoes to the water park. I don't know that maybe that's just a me thing. When it comes to my husband, he is not a sandals guy. So, we took him two pairs of really comfy tennis shoes. I will link these down below or you can scan the QR code that's popped up here on the screen. Whatever floats your boat. But for that, he took two pairs of tennis shoes and a pair of flip-flops so they would be a little bit morea space saving. But he would have something when we were wearing something to the pool or going to a water park, anything like that. We ended up not going to a water park, but he was prepared at least for the pool since he's not really a sandals guy. When it comes to my kiddos, I took them three pairs of shoes. So, we did the tennis shoes, the sandals, and then we took a third pair of little Mary Jane style shoes, and they were just not all day park shoes. My six-year-old insisted on wearing them one day to the park. Ended up with a blister and really uncomfortable feet by the end of the day. So, we did not wear them for the rest of the trip. So ultimately I should have just went with their solid bet of their really comfy tennis shoes and their really comfy sandals and that would have been a better bet. Now we are packing up our personal item number one. This is actually my husband's personal item and it is labeled our arrival day go bag. So with this we are going to be putting in here swimsuits for the whole fan coverups for those of us that need it mostly as ladies. My husband his cover up is a t-shirt. super easy to pack, obviously, but we're also going to be putting in our evening outfits because you just don't really know with Disney. Sometimes you can get an early check-in. Sometimes your room is not ready until 3:00, 4:00 p.m. or sometimes even later. But with that, we want to be prepared if we are cleaning up. We do have dinner plans. You're going to a park, you have a dinner reservation, whatever, you kind of want to be ready for that. Maybe even throw in usually the Disney showers that are available at the pools have shampoo, body wash, conditioner. If you need anything beyond that, if you want a toothbrush, deodorant, those types of things, think that through and maybe toss a small travel size in there. But this is just the bag that you're going to keep with you when you arrive. If they say, "Hey, your room is not ready yet." You can say, "Okay, drop your bags with Bell Services." They will hold on to those for you so you're not lugging suitcases around the pool deck. and dealing with the stroller and the whole thing. Especially if you are taking kids along, this just makes it a lot easier. You're gonna just look so breezy dropping your bags, walking over to the pool, changing into your swimsuit, and relaxing or doing your thing until the room is actually ready if you choose to kind of go that route. If you need anything, if you're going to a park, you may want to make your arrival bag look more like a park bag so that you are ready to drop your bags and head to the parks. Whatever your arrival day looks like, I would encourage you to prep an arrival day bag for the plans that you have. Now, on to the Disney accessories. So, I'm packing up the sunglasses. You definitely want some of those. I took a couple different pairs. Actually, two, no, three. Three different pairs of sunglasses. I wore two of the pair. I didn't wear the third pair because, well, I forgot where they were. They were in the park bag, not in the sunglasses bag, but that's the only reason I did not rotate through those. I took two pairs of sunglasses for the girls. They each had a Bluey or Minnie Mouse one, and then I found these really cute um princess themed ones. So, I took them those as well. We wear these at home and so we're just taking them to Disney. We took their shoulder plushes that they had bought on previous trips. We had ears that we've used before and we're like, "Okay, we're pulling out the ears again." I'm like, I'm just like back on an ear kick. So, let's go. I'm going to pull out my collection. Some of these the Etsy shops that made them don't even exist anymore, you guys. They're that old. So, some of you were asking for links for the Pooh Bear ears or my little green ones that have the three alien eyes on them. Not the ones on top with two aliens on it, but the single pair there. Yeah, that shop just doesn't even exist anymore. I would love to link some of these cuz they are beautiful ears, but not all of them are unfortunately still available. So, with that though, I did all the ears that I took, we all wore them like rotating through. We all I say that my husband did not wear them. He's not much of an ear guy. He's more of a hat guy. So, we got him the Pizza Planet hat. He I bought it for myself, but he did in fact end up stealing it, but he's like, "I love that." So, if your guy's a hat guy, you can always go that route. But, I bought this ear bag, and it worked out great for being able to keep those organized. I just popped them open, had them on the counter, and was able to pull out the ears each day as needed. You do not have to take this many ears, but if you own ears and you want to take them, this bag is a great way to do that. Throw in some accessories. Again, if your children do have plushes that they've bought from there that are the little shoulder plushes or ears or anything like that, take them back. That way, it also is a nice kind of money-saving thing that you've already spent the money. You can use these if you want to add to your collection. Obviously, it's your money, girl. Spend it how you want to. But if you don't want to buy new, that's just a little tip there. Don't forget the stuff that you already own. Pajama time. I took two pairs of pajamas for myself, two pairs of pajamas for my girls, and I believe we packed two pair of sleep shorts for the hubby and all of them were used. I only do two per because for one, we do laundry. And I'm also of the mindset, maybe this is weird. I don't know. Uh, you don't know it's weird until it comes out your mouth and it's weird to somebody else, normal to you, I don't know. But for me, if I'm clean, I've showered, I've put them on, I got in a clean bed, and I'm putting them on the next day after I take a shower and I'm getting out a clean bed. Are they still clean? I don't know. So, I will wear them multiple nights because I feel like they're mostly clean cuz I was clean and the bed was clean. So, that means they're clean, right? Um, but with that, got all those into this one single packing cube and that worked out for us. But yeah, you'll have to let me know. Do you pack like do you want pajamas for every single day or do they have to be freshly washed before you will wear them? Now, I'm genuinely curious. So, please answer my question. I I need to know. Inquiring minds want to know. Now, swimsuits. I took two for myself, two for my hubby, and I think either four or five for my girls, which was not necessary. Absolutely not necessary. We swam, but we did not swim that much. I also was hanging the swimsuits to dry, so they were not wet to have to put on a wet swimsuit. And we were also doing laundry on the trip. So, taking four or five swimsuits was honestly excessive and wasted space inside of the suitcase. I really should have left them at home and just taken two to rotate back and forth between, do laundry, whatever. And that just would have been plenty, you guys. Now, let's talk what clothing styles to pack versus the weather in springtime. So, for us, we were spending five nights at Caribbean Beach and then two nights at Bay Lake Tower at Contemporary. So, I am doing two different packing cubes. I'm splitting the clothing that way. By the way, if you do have a split stay, this is incredibly helpful. Had some surprises in there from the last trip that I apparently missed. But when it comes to clothing and the weather for our trip, we had everything from a 45°ree low on our final day, our travel day home to during the trip, we had 85, 88, and even 90° days for springtime at Disney. So, we were definitely sweating. And it's one of those you're going to want to take layers because there's some days a spring day at Disney can be a high of a 6870 or it can be a high of 90. And you just don't know which of those days you're going to get. You can have some cold snaps where it can pop up and when I was checking the weather right before we left, the low was supposed to be in the high 50s on our final day. Ended up by the time the day officially arrived, it decided that it was going to be 45 instead. So you can have these random little snaps. So I would definitely pack either a pair of jeans, a pair of leggings, something like that that you can throw on if you do have one of those cold days so you're not walking around freezing or stuck running to the gift shop for an $80 sweater that you really don't like but you hate being cold worse than you hate the sweater. So you end up buying it anyway. But this time of year, you can absolutely pack your shorts, your short sleeves, even your tank tops, your nice little dresses. The girls were perfectly comfortable running around in their little princess dresses, but it also there were some cooler evenings where it wasn't just cold, but a sweatshirt felt perfect with a pair of shorts or an athletic dress or anything like that. It did feel lovely. So, take something. If you don't mind looking hodge podge, take your favorite Disney sweater. If you want to look polished, take something that mix and matches. Whatever fits your style the best. But I would take that nice little layer for yourself, your kiddos that you can pop on so everybody stays comfortable. And again, you're not buying a sweatshirt out of necessity. It's because you want to buy it cuz it's like really cute. I did that with a Figma sweatshirt. It was adorable. I just had to have it. Next up, we have the kiddos activity bags. We use these on the airplane. We use them in the hotel room to keep them occupied while maybe we were getting ready for bed or we were getting ready for the day if they did end up waking up and we needed a minute to do something else. So with this I packed them the exact same thing. My girls are again four and six. So it kind of gives you an idea of what they're interested in at their age ranges if you have kids that are also similar ages. These were great. And then some of them we also ended up putting these items into their park bags. So, we are a little bit more of a screenfree as of lately leaning kids. That just works for our family. I have been a mama scientist with my own children and found that for them, this works the best and going kind of analog as they say with their activity bags. If you want to throw a tablet in there, obviously you can pack what's best for your family. Just sharing what has worked and all of these items were huge hits with my kiddos. So, jumping into it, I have each one of them a sketch pad with some colored pencils. We also love a good little activity book. This one is Imagine Ink, which is mess-free. They're magnetiles are one of their favorite travel toys, especially my four-year-old. These magnetic men, again, huge hit. They absolutely love to play with these. These glow-in-the-dark dinosaurs were fun. And these little bendable robots came in a multiack, almost like a party favor. And I also put some in our meal time bag. very very successful keeping my kids occupied. These little suction creatures were great. My girls even love them in the bath or pool. And then after that, we've got their Yodo. This has story cards, music cards, and they are so much fun. They absolutely love them and they have been a huge hit. Got a little pullback race car action going on here, which was kind of fun when we had some flat ground going on. Some lollipops jumping into snacks here. They absolutely love these yogis. You can get them in the smaller packs at Walmart or we even get them in bulk packs at Sam's Club. They are not graham cracker cracker kids. That was one of my test snacks. Yeah, it didn't go well. They did not like those. I don't know why. The gummies are a huge hit, though. So, those were some of ours. And then last but not least, got some Mickey Goldfish. And I am putting them into some smaller snack bags. It also makes it really easy to clean up when you're on the go. I love these individual packaged snacks, so we were able to toss that in there. But that is going to do it for this. So, I'm going to zip it all up, fold it all up, and then we're going to repeat with my daughter's bag. But I'm not gonna bury make you go through showing that and seeing all that all over again cuz it's the same exact thing. We are though going to talk about their park bags. Did anyone else's kids learn the B- word from Bluey? And no, it's not the bad word. It as a mom, it kind of feels like a bad word. The word bored. You guys, I really wish we would have known to skip that episode. Why? Why didn't we Why weren't we warned? I love Bluey, but man, that one was awful. But since Disney has long lines, and my kids know that word, we're going in and adding these really cute little pouches. I love them. They are customized from the sweet little shop, Spark of Inspiration. You can scan the QR code here or I will link them in the description box below. She puts little sketch pencils, fills it full of stickers, and has a little coloring book in there or a little book that you can sketch in. Super sweet. These little robots were again a huge hit. So, put one in there. Have this little pop toy that is a keychain. We attach it to the bag itself and it is great distraction, especially when they're sitting on the bus or doing whatever. Love their little kids camera and I really enjoy seeing their photos from their perspective. It is the sweetest. And of course, I do add in a few snacks. The graham crackers again were a total bust, but the stitch gummies were a hit. And for my fellow scrunchie moms, it does not contain red 40. So, thank goodness. Now, we've got both of those done and they are ready for the suitcase. Now, on to the resort organization. So, this was seriously game changing. Most, not all, but most of the Disney resorts do have metal doors. So, we were able to use these metal hooks to magnetize it to the back of the door. Made it perfect for not forgetting things as we walked out the door to head off to the parks, the pool, wherever. But it is one of those things if it doesn't work, I would take the hooks just in case. That way you can put it on some other door cuz this is going to be helpful. For laundry, I did take the Mismouth stain spray as well as laundry sheets. The laundry sheets are, I promise you, as good as the stain spray. If you have tried that, you're going to love this. Also took some Dawn and a brush to be able to wash out water cups. We did popcorn cups, those sorts of things. It was great for that. took a backup pack of Kleenexes and a backup pack of Clorox wipes. We ended up not needing them. This was a restock for the park bag, so that is excess, but I'm kind of glad we had them either way. These are a packing staple for us. They are collapsible cups. They hold about 20 ounces. You can use them for water cups. We personally use them for iced coffee cups. They are perfect for filling up in the morning, bringing that along with you. This is a backup pack of stickers and sketch pencils. This was a restock item for the girls pouches. Ended up not needing them. We own both Disney Park bubble wands as well as cheapy bubble wands from Walmart. And honest to goodness, they both work the same. So, I would honestly, unless you're wanting to invest in something that's more expensive, this is one thing that you can save money on. These little lightsabers were $2.44 at Walmart. And when they dropped them 50 times, I didn't care cuz they cost me $2, not $50, $100, $200, whatever. Same with the bubble wands. I get these from anywhere from $8 to $12. So, definitely saving a lot compared to the $40 ones at the parks. Moving on to the charging pack. We've got all kinds of cables in here. We have lots of things to charge. It is 2026 and everything needs to be recharged. Taking the tiny sound machine is a win every single time. And this little USB pocket here is fantastic. If you have something like this, take it because outlets and USB ports could be on the limited side at some resorts at Disney. This is great for charging your phone if you have a MagSafe phone that charges that way as well as any Apple watches. We love it for that. But we're going to zip this up and toss it into the bag next. And then we're going on to the med. So, this is one of my kind of non-negotiable. We have to pack some sort of medicine. Thankfully, we didn't need any of this, but it's it's one of my few non-negotiable just in case items because we have had trips where we got hit with some sort of illness and it was needed. So, I like to take this as, you know, one of those just in case things. This bed bumper is one thing that I didn't use this trip and I may start leaving at home now that Disney has switched from bed rails to bed bumpers. Since both of my kids have graduated from Pack and Plays, little toddler beds, they are now both in a queen-siz bed sharing it. So, I would take this and divide it. Now that Disney has bed bumpers instead, I can do that with theirs. It's a pillow style versus the inflatable style. Now, the little inflator though, that's still going to keep coming. And last, but not least, I'm tossing in these cute little cup sleeves that ended up living in my purse park bag that I carried around with me because they were perfect for keeping my iced coffees and frozen coffees cold. And when my kids wanted a frozen lemonade and it was just uncharacteristically too cold to hold, I was able to put it on their cup so they could actually stand to hold the cup that they ordered with zero emotional distress. Moving on to the cooler bag. This was a huge hit and a huge success for our January trip. Loved it again this trip. We take refillable ice packs that we can put in there. Also our popcorn butter kit. It's the one controversial thing that I do is I know according to the sign it says for the length of stay, but everybody else I see bringing their Christmas buckets back in the middle of summer. You know, I know you did not just buy that. So, we're just It's the one rule. Okay, I'm a type A rule follower, but I want my cheap popcorn. Okay, it's Yeah, it just is what it is. Now, I'm adding in some hydration packets. These have been great. I love cuz they're a lot less salty than like we used to do like the liquid IV a bunch, but they also taste really good. And so I was kind of surprised, but those were fantastic. I'm also using the cooler bag as a packing cube of park gear. So we're going in with the umbrellas. We're adding in the popcorn bucket. Those sorts of things that will then come out so we can use the backpack. But it just kind of doubles as that. I'm taking two umbrellas as well as our stroller fan. Note to the wise, if you're going in the springtime and you see 80 plus degree weather, you're going to want to take fans. At least a handheld fan for everyone. it. It's not something that we used all the time, but it was very very helpful. The shoe covers, I feel like I probably could have left those at though at home. And so, yeah, that was that was something that could have been left. It we just didn't end up using those very much. This was used once, these sand toys. But I have to say, if we were playing at the beach more, these would have been perfect. They are collapsible buckets, little molds and shovels. But seriously, we played on the beach for an hour plus one morning and my girls had the best time and just the amount of enjoyment they got out of them. I would have I would pack them again if we were going to be at a resort with sand that they could play in the beach at because it was just they really loved it. They loved the downtime and it worked out being such a great thing for them. And this last thing was a little extra here that I'm throwing in the suitcase, and that is three other purses. So, that is definitely not a necessity, but for me, I had the different outfits planned. I wanted to take the bags, and I was so excited about them. So, I took them and used every single one of them. It was really easy to just kind of dump things from one bag to the next for the different days that I wanted to switch it out. I had fun with it, but again, this is definitely an extra thing. It is not a necessity. One purse can absolutely do you for an entire trip. I have had trips like that and then I have other trips like this where I took multiples. Even my husband had two different bags. He had a Donald bag and a Mickey Mouse bag and he rotated between those two. So, we just kind of had a little bit of extra fun with it. But definitely not a necessity. Just sharing what we packed because, you know, I I know I'm not the only nosy person. You want to know, too. Closing it out with the personal items. So, I've already went over what was in my park bag. That was my own personal item. I stuck my purse down in there and that was mine. My husband had his and then my two girls had their little rolling personal items. One of them I had as kind of the airplane/activity bag. So, I put their purses in here, their activity pouches, those sorts of things. Anything that we needed for the airplane like that went in this bag. And that way everything was kind of zone packed so that I knew exactly where it was instead of having one kid stuff in one bag and another kid stuff in another bag. It made it really easy to just open it up, hand them their activity packs, and we were good to go. They didn't each need their own individual like getting into their bags to get that out. This made that a lot simpler. My other daughter's personal item had all of our toiletries and rain jackets in it. So, we had all of my makeup was in here, stuff to do mine and my girl's hair, my husband's contact solution, and glasses case. All that good stuff was in here. for any again toiletries that we need. They are all travel size so that they're that 3.4 oz or less. And I know this is a solid case and some of you are probably like, "Oh my gosh, it's not clear. It's not in a 1Q container." I have not had any issues with that. And I've also had some of the TSA agents say that it's not an issue with their new screening process. That that's kind of an outdated rule that they have, especially with all of the new technology. So again, your mileage may vary, but with the airports I've flown it in and out of with these bags, it's not been an issue whatsoever. The clear one is actually divided, so it's about almost a 1 quart bag. But we also do have pre-check, so we don't have to take those out. So just kind of a disclaimer on our toiletry situation there for those that are also curious and want to know how that works. But I did have our rain jackets also in here. I have them stuffed into a wet bag that we can just throw in the basket of the stroller. I wanted all of these items though packed separately so that if in any case I needed to grab these, our room wasn't ready and I needed to go to Bell services and ask for one single bag for jackets for the evening or things to take a shower and kind of re get ready for the next part of our travel day adventure that it would be easy to go to Bell Services and say, "Hey, this is my ticket number. I need to grab the small purple rolling bag. Could you grab that for me? I need to leave the rest of the bags, but can I get that one? So, it would make it a little bit easier to grab any necessities cuz this would be one of those things that we just might need if our room still wasn't ready. That's going to put a bow on today's Disney pack with me. I hope you guys enjoyed this kind of different style into the video club. You'll have to let me know. Leave me some suitcase emojis. And did you like this style of video? Are you like, I don't care whether you used it or not. I just want to see what you put in the suitcase. Like, you can let me know either way. Promise you will not hurt my feelings. Curious to know kind of though feedback on that because I kind of enjoyed this different style. But we'll see. I don't know. You guys will be be can be the judge. So drop me some suitcase emojis and let me know what you thought. But thank you so so much. If you have a countdown, include that. I'm so excited for you. I can't wait for you to have your own magical adventure. But I'll see you right back here in the next one. Love you guys.
