---
video_id: gsdsmP7Gczo
channel: PixieDustedMom
title: "Winter at Disney Day 4 | Tower of Terror, Characters & Hollywood Magic"
published: 2026-02-23
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsdsmP7Gczo
---
Heat. Heat. Hi guys. That's Mary Poppins. 2. Good morning you. Good morning you guys and welcome to Hollywood Studios. Today is day number four of our winter Disney trip. So, we are taking you along for it. We've got the layers on already cuz the winter be wintering today. It's going to get a little worse in the next few days, but just sharing all the tips and tricks and sharing what it is like to be here during the season. So, if you are planning a winter trip and you're ready to see how Hollywood Studios stacks up, go ahead, click that thumbs up button and let's jump into it. There you go. I do have to take a second to brag on weight magic. They are killing it right now. When I booked our lightning lanes, I started out, the earliest time I could get for Slinky Dog was a 2:45, but it moved the lightning lanes from 2:45 p.m. all the way up to 9:05 a.m., which is insane to me. It was looking doing some searching. So, seriously, you're looking for a good lighting assistant, I'll link it down below. It is like the only one I will ever buy. I swear it is so good. Keeps you off your phone if you truly want to be off your phone. My magic's your thing. Heat. Heat. Let me bring over. >> Please lunchbox. >> It's mobile order time, baby. >> Heck yeah. Mama's getting a breakfast bowl. >> Yeah, it's 9:55, so you better hurry. I know. It ends at 10:30. >> Oh, good. >> Yeah, this one is unlike Animal Kingdom where it like tricked me. It ended at 10:00. Never again. Animal Kingdom. Um, okay. Do you uh Okay. White Magic just modified um Toy Story Mania from 1:20 p.m. to 12:50 p.m. >> Nice. >> So, it's like >> it's moving on. >> It's inching it up. Sweet. Um and I didn't have to be on my phone. I'm placing a mobile order. Like, I'm not even doing lightning waves. I love it. Okay. Um, >> do you want the grown-up breakfast bowl or the kids breakfast bowl? >> I think we should just go two adult breakfast bowls. >> Yeah, let's just do that. >> You want turkey sandwich? Are you sure? Hey, >> I stand by. If they didn't make a ham cookie, that is money left on the table cuz that is an awesome awesome cookie. I see all the goodness. That's always so delicious. >> Yum. >> Yes. >> I'm glad you were able to snag a spot. It's so tough even with the additional seating they've added. >> It's popular. >> It is very popular. Pop nurse. It's really tough to burn. >> You can put your straw in. >> Hot sauce has been acquired. >> Oh, I love the hot sauce on this bowl. >> And a turkey sandwich with nothing nothing on the bread. >> Yes. >> My dad too much. >> Breakfast bowl. Delicious as always. Beware the children's turkey sandwich is this, which is massive, but it's got turkey, lettuce, tomato, and a type of mayonnaise of some sort, >> a Dijon mayo or something like that. Um, it's in the fine print. So, look at the fine print. And unfortunately, you would think on a kid sandwich there would be a way to have a no. There's like a no thanks usually for some of the toppings, but there is not an option for that. And I'm like, this is a kids sandwich. Do you really think kids are eating this? >> I mean, at least ours aren't. So, >> um, Ash went back up and asked them for another half a sandwich without the the don it, but >> since it's here, I want to try it. So, That >> was a legit sandwich. >> Like >> that was good. >> Breakfast has been acquired and enjoyed. Love the breakfast bowl. It is so good. Hate the seating at Woody's Lunchbox, but love the breakfast bowl. And also their lunch and dinner is really good, too. I am though something about Slinky got me and I'm already feeling a little dizzy and I'm like I don't know that I can do aliens just yet. Like I need some time for my body to simmer and like calm down a little bit cuz like right now I'm like we're feeling it. Um I may take some motion bets. It's like that rough for me right now. But um Dena's taking the girls on swirling saucers. So he is on awesome daddy duty. So so grateful for him being able to do that with the two of them on this attraction cuz it I I think they would have to clean up throw up after I rode this thing right now. >> Hey, there's something following us from behind. I need you to hit the gas. I only want this super Super >> rocket gas. >> They stole the super alien gas. >> That was awesome. That was going hard today. >> All right, BP. Can we get the ice cream? Uh, >> no. So, we've got a little time to come before our next Lightning Lane, and the new villains show starts in about 10 minutes. So, we're going to pop down and check it out. The girls agreed to go see it. Before they were like, "No, they are very like anti- villain. We love our princesses, but they agreed to see it." So, we're going to go check it out. What does thou know about my queen so you SEE ALL OF you still UNDERSTAND IT'S ENOUGH TO MAKE ONE FINALLY, I am the most misunderstood of all. >> Answer them. Choose the most misunderstood. Victory, a most gratifying day. Embrace your but it may turn out a different way. Oh, this is cute. >> Thank you. >> That's all. Oo, this waffle is soft. >> Cute. $54.99. All right, time for our next lightning lane for Mickey and Minnie. But please speciously nothing can stop us now. Make it happen. in the world. There are NO 1 2 3 1 2 3 Oh, excellent. >> Hope you had a relaxing ride around the park and thanks for sticking with me. worse. What's this lever do? >> No, this is >> Is it the mini time? >> Yeah, it's Oh, >> you know what time it is. This Frozen thing. >> Everybody sing our royal anthems. We got this under control. >> There you go. Can't hold IT BACK ANYMORE. I NEVER LIKE THAT BECAUSE ONE TIME ONE of them rolled over my foot and kept going. Didn't apologize. Like I'm not still mad about it, but I feel like you should know. Oh, Mr. Reindeer King, we got you. It's actually just Kristoff. I'm just Eric. >> I'll be doing whatever snow does in summer. >> Winter's a good time to stand and cuddle. But put me in summer AND I'LL BE PUDDLE. >> HAPPY SNOWMAN. What do you want me to do? I didn't go to a history 101. I would take improv class. Instead, we learn how to make up stuff for an hour. OLAF SAVES THE DAY. Away kisses. I have no idea. THE TALKING IS THE ACTOR THAT YOU LOVE THE ONLY HAPPILY EVER AFTER BECAUSE SOME PEOPLE I found my souvenir. >> A cute light purple snuggly duckling. Pretty hat. >> I saw that it was light purple. I'm like, "Oh, please do something, Rapunzel. Please be something Rapunzel." >> Okay, I'm going to get this one. I actually had wanted a hat cuz I keep seeing everybody in hats. I'm like, I I would love a hat to like protect my face. Your jacket is gorgeous. >> Thank you. >> Are we going to meet beat mommy and Bella? >> Oh, we are the dream team. >> No way. We're the dream team. >> We're the dream team. >> Yeah, we are. about >> Hey, you just remember our team beat you last time. >> Yeah, I hear what you're saying. >> Put my mouth backwards, too. >> Let's do this. >> All right, so me and Lucy are going to make sure we're going to try to clear the center of the ring toss so we get the robot that opens his mouth up and goes. >> So, we're going to do our best, right, Lucy? Put your guess in the comments like who's winning this Ashley and Bella D or Lucy. All right. I want a nice clean fight coming up here. I want to make sure everybody knows you got to use pull the toggles and hit them things. Okay. Okay. Ready? FIGHT. All right. GO. >> I don't know yet. All right, here comes the moment of truth. >> Score comparison. >> Score comparison. We're doing a full car, right? >> All right, so >> with a total of Mommy's going first. >> All right, >> here we go. The total >> 253,300. >> 200. That's a big number. All right, Lucy. Our number combined is 272,800. >> Oh my goodness. What did Lucy get? >> Lucy, your number was 45,400. >> Wow. You go, girl. Get your hand out your mouth. >> Bella, >> you did. She had 39,000 and you had 45. >> What a close round. >> That was really close. She did good. >> And >> like we had the aliens like that. I was like >> it was Yes. It was so fast. >> It was instant. >> Yeah, mine too. >> So, we did good on that one. >> That was the only one we did good on. >> Yeah. >> I was tired like halfway through like the first day. I was like, "Wow, my arms are tired. I'm sleepy. You can now get Jack Jack cookies and popcorn inside of the little superhero meet and greet spot. Remember sitting in here during like a monsoon? >> I got you. It was a pouring rain. It >> was awesome. >> It was pouring rain. It's the first piece. What? >> There you go, daddy. >> Cookies are the winners. >> They're not very winner. 2:00. >> I'm ready for our traditional midday break. >> Yes. It's been a while since we've had our traditional midday break. >> I know. Well, and we slept like garbage last night. >> It was awful. I don't know what it was. >> Yeah. I don't I don't know what it was either, but I'm like ready for a nap after that. I was really hoping. I'm like, "Oh, we did a rest day yesterday. We did all the right things." check the box of like, okay, you're going to recharge and no >> nope nope tea total trashes. >> I'm like, I think we do better without a rest day. Like, I'm going to be perfectly honest. >> We do better without >> Yeah, we like having a rest break in the middle of the day. It is midday break time. Lucy's eating a peanut butter sandwich. >> So done. >> Bella is eating or has macaroni, a little macaroni cup that is cooling off. They got to the room and they're like, I'm hungry. Okay, we just had a snack, but okay. So, we're having a quick little snack again in the room and then we're going to take a nap. So, I will see you post a nap. Night. Goodbye. >> All right, Lucy. Are you walking? >> Yeah. >> Okay. I'm going to put my backpack in your seat then. We're done. Right, Belle? Okay, >> Bella. Are you excited about Tower of Terror today? >> Tower of Terror. >> Okay. A nap has been had. It was wonderful. Only I I napped for 30 minutes and then ended up putting up stuff on socials. >> I napped for 2 hours straight. >> You did. >> I was out like a light. Electricity was great. >> Bella went through like this little like coughing fit. So I got to check on her. I peed. I got back in bed and you kept snoring and I was like, >> "Wake me up. >> I can't go to sleep." baby. So, I posted on Instagram stories and talk to some of you lovelies. Um, >> right. >> But yeah, we've we've done our midday break routine. It feels good. I >> can >> we can adjust our days and not do a midday break. >> Oh, I see. >> But I just really love our midday break. >> It's like it's a staple for us. when you find your routine, whether it's at home or at Disney or vacation or whatever it is for you or camping or glamping or whatever you do, but being able to like have your routine and it just works for your family, like you get it, that's it. And so I hope you find your routine that you're just like, I love this because it's like everybody wants to throw shade of like, oh well, we don't early entry or we don't sleep in or we don't do this. And it's like, who gives a patootie what you like? If it works for you, that's great. Don't you don't have to shade other people to feel good about what works for you. So, works great for us. I share it. If it works great for you, that's awesome. If sleeping in works great for you, I am so excited for you. So, I'm glad that that works. And I want you to be happy. I want to meet you and see you smiling and not being like, "Oh my god, this is miserable." So, that is my goal for this. But, we're going to go hop on the Skylliner. We got some Lightning Lane. We're gonna do some fun stuff and see what the weather's like tonight. It's supposed to be rainy and semi cold, so wish us luck. Come on, Mom. All right, it's 6:11. Little Mermaid show starts at 6:20. So, we're hoofing it over here to make sure that we get our seats cuz that's what Lucy wanted to do. She said, "I want to see the Little Mermaid show again. It's so good." >> That was really good. >> Apple says it's not supposed to rain for 8 hours, but the water on my face and arms >> suggest to me that Apple's wrong again. Oh, >> and Bella yelling it's raining. >> Then watch your step on this. this metal. 3 2 1 >> Wait, is it a movie? >> No, it's the show. Remember? >> Don't forget to get ready for the rain. >> Oh, yeah. >> I have a feeling it's going to come down when we're in there. >> All right. See if we can scan in here. All right. Scan your vents. Uh-oh. Are we late? Okay. I'm just kidding. I had the Lightning Lane times memorized wrong. I had a 620 and I moved it because I was like, "We're probably going to come back a little later cuz everybody was like tired and needing a little bit longer break today." Got that wrong. So, never mind. We're good. That one's not until 7. Um, but we do have a Lightning Lane for Tower of Terror. Bella wants to try it. She is now tall enough. She's not ridden it before. Lucy has not ridden it. It is the only Disney ride on property that I have not ridden. because I just don't know how I would feel being shook up cuz I don't I I don't do well with that. Um and so it always scares me and I'm like I don't want to ruin my entire day by feeling bad. So that is the one that I'm just like may forever be a chicken on. We'll see. You ready? >> You guys going to go ride Tower of Terror? >> Yeah. >> You're so brave. >> Even mommy's not that brave. >> You're so brave. Ready? Let's go. >> All right, you guys have fun. like one or two. >> What's the next position? >> Wait for me. >> Can I see how tall you're over here, princess? >> Thanks. >> Yep. Make sure you're super tall. >> Super tall. Thank you. >> Yes. >> You're so tall. >> Maybe not for the top. >> That part's super fun. You're going to like it. I like it. I think they're going to like it, too. >> I'll tell Lucy maybe it will be fun or not. If I like it, I can go again tomorrow. >> Okay, you tell Lucy if it's going to be fun or not. It's fun to go. Woo! >> Super loud. >> Yeah, super loud. Oh, I'm looking. What is that? >> Spider webs. >> Spider webs. Cobwebs, some call them. Good job. for the show business. >> Yeah. >> So, it's not supposed to be scary with the spiderw webs. It's supposed to be old. >> Oh. left row top left. >> All right, go all the way up and all the way to your left. >> Pulling on the yellow and pulling on the yellow strap over here. >> Good job, Belle. >> Are you ready? You want to hold my hand? >> Woo! Woo! >> Good practice. >> You ready? >> That's pretty, huh? >> All right, get ready. WOO! YEAH! Or you may find yourself on permanent res. Okay. >> SO MUCH. >> HEY, >> there's mine. >> What did you think about Tower of Terror? >> I hate it. >> You hate it. >> THAT'S OKAY. You don't have to like everything. >> She said, "I don't want to do that again." >> Hey, but she was brave and she tried it. That was good. >> High five. I'm proud of you. >> I did not like it. Was there anything that you did like? >> Nothing. >> Nothing. Here you go. All right, let's go find our stroller. >> This is the first time I think I've ever been in this gift shop. It is a little mermaid time. Weathering clothing update. It is in the evening. The breeze is kind of breezy. It is 64° currently and it feels nice having on jeans, a sweatshirt, and a jacket. So, if you're like, h, I'm packing for winter at Disney. What's the weather like? We had our first day. It got up to 82 and the low was 72. So, it was great. We were able to wear shorts and we were able to have a t-shirt, throw on a sweater, and it was nice in the evening. But now it's like, okay, it's nice to have our layers on because especially once that breeze kicks in. Coming off the water in Florida, it feels very different. Like 64 at home, I wouldn't need a jacket. a small sweatshirt would suffice. But here is totally different and we're further south here. Like I'm from Tennessee. That's just kind of what what the weather's like for us. So, just sharing in case you're packing and you're prepping and you're thinking about coming this time of year, pack the layers, things that you can add and subtract. You may want shorts in the morning, but if you're like us and you do go back for a midday break, when you come back, you may want to slip on those jeans or leggings or pants of some sort so that you can have some coziness. Especially when we head over to watch Fantasmic tonight, we're going to be really glad we have on pants and a jacket. >> Mommy, look. >> I found another finger. >> There you go. >> What a Thank you. All right, I'm going to hold them out and then you guys can tell me the quickest one. And you have to point to it. Don't yell. Okay. Ready? >> All right. Where's the other Raja? >> Good job. >> Oh, wow. >> Let me try the second match. >> All right. >> Yeah. Can you try? >> Nope. You got to see the match. Also got happy and yellow. >> Oh, I see it. >> Lumiere >> and Lumiere, >> Sebastian. Good job, >> Sebastian. >> Okay. Um, it is >> Please give me a big wave. In a few minutes, you'll be heading inside. Ariel. Oh, have you ever seen anything so wonderful in your entire life? Look at this trove. Treasures untold. How many wonders can one cavern hold? I want to be where the people are. WOO! HEAT! FIRST, we're going to create the beside you. What would I do to see We're toys. >> How am I? Oh my goodness. They've got the lightsaber photo op out and there's literally nobody in line. This is going to be so cool. >> Right over here. >> And then we'll be wanting to partake as well. >> Red, green, and yellow. Red. Red, green, and blue. >> I'm going red. Like I'm going to be bad guy. Let's go. >> Okay. I guess I'll go blue. >> Oh, >> I don't know what that means. >> Good guy. Wa! >> Yeah, >> that's so cool. >> I killed it. >> Oh, wow. You got the red one. >> All right, turn that way. Look, we're going to hold it like this. Hold it like this. Like that. Look right over here. So, you don't have to touch me. >> You don't have to touch. Just look. Hold it. Look. Yeah, >> thank you so much. >> Can you turn it off? Good job. >> THAT WAS FUN. >> THAT was fun. >> Started raining. >> It did. >> Hi, guys. >> Oh, here we go. >> All right. All right, let's do this. >> While Dean is taking the girls on Millennium Falcon, using our Lightning Lane for that, I'm going to go over to Docking Bay 7 and get dinner and not get motion sick. I don't know what it is this trip is just everything is hitting and I'm like, I don't feel like ruining the rest of my evening as much as it is so fun to go on those. And I feel bad not not being apart. Also, like I'm not going to be fun if I'm nauseous. So, I'm going to go get dinner. Chill out. Why are you running? No running at Disney. No running in but two. I totally just checked my pocket and I was like, "Oh my goodness, I have Ashley's phone." And she's like, "I'm going to get us food. I'm going to text you where I'm at." And uh yeah, that ain't going to happen. >> Lead the way. Pilots, turn left. >> You're on the right side. Bella's on the left side. >> You're still here. safety and supervised. >> Let's do this. >> Uh-oh. Hold on. Auto target. Manual target. Let's go. Pull up, Lucy. Pull up. Not bad. >> Oh my god. I got four. I >> think you got eight of them out there. >> I got going up, down, up, down, up, down. >> Yeah, thank you. out there. >> Better fix all that before the wies. >> I have been joined by more travelers. >> This travel got a whole bunch of chicken. >> Oh my gosh. With chicken. >> I already ate half of this one. And there's two more. >> That's a lot. >> Full sizes. >> I swear they gave you like twice the chicken my bowl got. >> Oh, look at that. Apparently, >> I love this spot. >> They were very hungry AFTER THEIR MISSION. YOU WANT TO show yours? >> I get it. >> Yep. She's a >> lady. I can stand there. >> Yeah, why not? >> We might be a ji. >> Maybe you can go where I can see you. >> Yeah, that one's cool, too. >> Sorry, we're just moving merch around for you guys. Okay, you need to come put that bag, please. >> There's a switch behind >> I know there is. I like these ones. >> Green leader. Green leader one. >> How does it go down? >> That is down. That's as far as it goes. Say, "They're on my six." >> They're on my six. >> You got to go, "They're on my six." Like you got to do it like with like ah, they're on my six. >> Ah, they're on my six. >> They're on my six. >> That means they're behind me. the Mickey show going to um they could do another one is going to a different one. >> What the fantasmic? >> Yeah. >> No, it's going to stay fantasmic. >> I knew it. We're having a quick popcorn refill. Hopefully quick before the show starts. We'll see. Heat. Heat. Looking for the road right in the middle. Look where they are. >> Turn my Now I'll turn that little mouse's dream INTO A NIGHTMARE. FANTASTIC. HEAT. HEAT. HEAT. HEAT. I realize we'll be calling people out, but this feels ridiculously so much. Woo! To the left so we can go get our stroller. >> Mass exodus. >> We're getting led out of here like a barrel of fish. >> Pretty much, >> whatever that means. >> Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming. >> Go, go, go. ears. >> Yeah. No bubbles, girls. >> A lot of good hats. This one, if I was to see, Ash got this. >> Then we got a Fantasma hat. Look at that. >> I like this one. >> Oh, and this Fantasma Cat with >> This one's cool. Oh, that's cool. >> The the What's his name on it? I can't think of the name of the guy. Oh, the black on black. >> Yeah, that's cool. >> Subtle. >> Black on black. >> Ooh, I like this pin. So fancy. >> Fancy pens are always got castles all over it. >> You'll have to save your Mickey money for that next time. >> Not this trip, but maybe next trip. Okay. I don't like being this mom. I'm trying to stick to my guns if you spent all your Mickey money, but I'm like, it's an $8 pin. What's $8 going to do? Stick to my gun. >> Stick to them. >> We bought one souvenir >> per child. >> I know. I know. We travel a bunch. Got to be good. >> So, your hat was your souvenir. So, that's mine. >> I don't count. >> Always love anything with my own collection. That's so cute. Ice cream of extinction. $16.99. I don't feel like that's terrible. >> That's a good to be dunking some cookies in. >> I know. I like this. 24 hours, too. >> That's cute. >> I like this one cuz it says America. >> Ah, yes. All countries, but mostly America. >> Okay, back to swimming. Just keep swimming. Just keep swim. >> I truly think it helps a bit. >> All right, how about this? >> Let's grab our stuff. >> Let's go. >> Okay, that flew like we walked through. We went finish out with Fantasmic. It started at 9:30. Finished up. walked through one of the shops there on Hollywood Boulevard. Came on out and the line was barely like out the queue for the Skyliner. On off and it is 10:45 now, which I think that's pretty good to have gotten here. Um, in about 45 minutes of like shopping and all that stuff, plus walking out. So, I'm I'm happy with that. Like I was worried it would be much longer, but it's not been bad. So, and the breeze has kind of calmed down, so it's not just like freezing. So, >> pretty nice. >> These next two days have me nervous, though. Especially Friday. It's the very first day of Festival of the Arts and the high is, I think, 50°. >> Shoo mama. >> Um, and it's supposed to get down to like 39. Um, >> there is a freeze warning on Friday. >> Yes. Yes. It's It's going to be a little chilly then, but >> that's why we bought the kids golf. >> That is true. We We brought the winter gear, so we kind of We had to prepare for a few different seasons. So, again, layers, layers, layers, >> layers, layers, layers. >> So, definitely pack your layers. Um, but hope you guys have come enjoyed coming along for our day at Hollywood Studios. Got you excited maybe for your own trip that may be coming up this year. If you did, don't forget click that thumbs up button, red subscribe button if you are new, and I'll see you right back here for another video. And now that you're part of the honorary end of the video club, you've got to leave us some seashell mermaid kind of emojis. That way we know you're part of the secret end of the video club. But thank you guys. Love you. Bye.
