---
video_id: 6IJbwANf_Ms
channel: AllEars.net
title: "We've Done Literally Everything In Disney World...This Is The Best of the Best"
published: 2025-12-29
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6IJbwANf_Ms
---
Our team spent over 100 days in Disney Our team spent over 100 days in Disney Our team spent over 100 days in Disney World doing literally everything. So, we World doing literally everything. So, we World doing literally everything. So, we are now bringing you the best of the are now bringing you the best of the are now bringing you the best of the best. In case you missed it, our entire team In case you missed it, our entire team In case you missed it, our entire team actually did everything literally in actually did everything literally in actually did everything literally in Disney World because I kicked off the Disney World because I kicked off the Disney World because I kicked off the series because I won something called series because I won something called series because I won something called Last to Leave Too, which you can watch Last to Leave Too, which you can watch Last to Leave Too, which you can watch on the channel. So, that way I could on the channel. So, that way I could on the channel. So, that way I could bring my friends Fry Bucket and Quincy bring my friends Fry Bucket and Quincy bring my friends Fry Bucket and Quincy with me to Paris, which you can also with me to Paris, which you can also with me to Paris, which you can also finally watch on the channel. It also finally watch on the channel. It also finally watch on the channel. It also means that we have really firm opinions means that we have really firm opinions means that we have really firm opinions on everything in Disney World. My best on everything in Disney World. My best on everything in Disney World. My best friend Agnes, a computer system that we friend Agnes, a computer system that we friend Agnes, a computer system that we got really close during this time. She got really close during this time. She got really close during this time. She kind of helped us as we went through. kind of helped us as we went through. kind of helped us as we went through. She chose our tasks. She let us know She chose our tasks. She let us know She chose our tasks. She let us know what to do. And now, after months of what to do. And now, after months of what to do. And now, after months of debate, we are finally bringing you what debate, we are finally bringing you what debate, we are finally bringing you what is actually the best to do around Disney is actually the best to do around Disney is actually the best to do around Disney World. Starting off with the obvious, World. Starting off with the obvious, World. Starting off with the obvious, you have to try out those star you have to try out those star you have to try out those star attractions. What is Disney World attractions. What is Disney World attractions. What is Disney World without those absolute thrills and without those absolute thrills and without those absolute thrills and classics when it comes to rides in the classics when it comes to rides in the classics when it comes to rides in the theme parks? It's what they're known theme parks? It's what they're known theme parks? It's what they're known for. It's what a lot of people find the for. It's what a lot of people find the for. It's what a lot of people find the most fun about the parks, although not most fun about the parks, although not most fun about the parks, although not the only fun. You have to include it. the only fun. You have to include it. the only fun. You have to include it. The star attractions are absolutely the The star attractions are absolutely the The star attractions are absolutely the thing to do in Disney World. For me, a thing to do in Disney World. For me, a thing to do in Disney World. For me, a lot of times these big ticket lot of times these big ticket lot of times these big ticket attractions kind of get skipped, attractions kind of get skipped, attractions kind of get skipped, unfortunately, because they have those unfortunately, because they have those unfortunately, because they have those long lines. But this series reminded me long lines. But this series reminded me long lines. But this series reminded me why they have those long lines. rides why they have those long lines. rides why they have those long lines. rides like Tron, Guardians of the Galaxy, like Tron, Guardians of the Galaxy, like Tron, Guardians of the Galaxy, Seven Dwarfs Mind Train, Rise of the Seven Dwarfs Mind Train, Rise of the Seven Dwarfs Mind Train, Rise of the Resistance, Flight of Passage, they all Resistance, Flight of Passage, they all Resistance, Flight of Passage, they all seem super long wait times pretty much seem super long wait times pretty much seem super long wait times pretty much no matter when you're there or no matter no matter when you're there or no matter no matter when you're there or no matter the time of day, especially during the the time of day, especially during the the time of day, especially during the holidays. And I've always known they're holidays. And I've always known they're holidays. And I've always known they're popular, they're fun, I like them. But popular, they're fun, I like them. But popular, they're fun, I like them. But this series really helped me remember this series really helped me remember this series really helped me remember why they get those long waits and why why they get those long waits and why why they get those long waits and why they honestly deserve them. As Disney they honestly deserve them. As Disney they honestly deserve them. As Disney continues to grow and innovate, the continues to grow and innovate, the continues to grow and innovate, the newer rides blow us away every single newer rides blow us away every single newer rides blow us away every single time. There's just something about rope time. There's just something about rope time. There's just something about rope dropping them to avoid the longer lines, dropping them to avoid the longer lines, dropping them to avoid the longer lines, long wait times, or ending our day on long wait times, or ending our day on long wait times, or ending our day on them, or even splurging on a single pass them, or even splurging on a single pass them, or even splurging on a single pass to help skip those long lines. There's to help skip those long lines. There's to help skip those long lines. There's ways to avoid taking chunks out of your ways to avoid taking chunks out of your ways to avoid taking chunks out of your day just waiting on one attraction. And day just waiting on one attraction. And day just waiting on one attraction. And doing all of these things and enjoying doing all of these things and enjoying doing all of these things and enjoying the attraction makes your trip so much the attraction makes your trip so much the attraction makes your trip so much sweeter. That's not to say the classics sweeter. That's not to say the classics sweeter. That's not to say the classics aren't star attractions, too. They are. aren't star attractions, too. They are. aren't star attractions, too. They are. I just think as a rides girly, this I just think as a rides girly, this I just think as a rides girly, this series reminded me why I'm a rides girly series reminded me why I'm a rides girly series reminded me why I'm a rides girly and why yes, sometimes it is worth an and why yes, sometimes it is worth an and why yes, sometimes it is worth an hour plus wait, especially if you're a hour plus wait, especially if you're a hour plus wait, especially if you're a rides person like I am. Number two, rides person like I am. Number two, rides person like I am. Number two, snacking, snacking, snacking. Literally, snacking, snacking, snacking. Literally, snacking, snacking, snacking. Literally, I love any and all Disney food. They're I love any and all Disney food. They're I love any and all Disney food. They're always going to be a highlight for me. always going to be a highlight for me. always going to be a highlight for me. And that's why they are making this best And that's why they are making this best And that's why they are making this best of the best series because if you're not of the best series because if you're not of the best series because if you're not snacking in Disney World, you're missing snacking in Disney World, you're missing snacking in Disney World, you're missing out on a whole section of the park that out on a whole section of the park that out on a whole section of the park that is like a culture of its own. I'm a is like a culture of its own. I'm a is like a culture of its own. I'm a foodie through and through, so trying foodie through and through, so trying foodie through and through, so trying out hundreds of Disney snacks was like out hundreds of Disney snacks was like out hundreds of Disney snacks was like actually my heaven. It's what I've actually my heaven. It's what I've actually my heaven. It's what I've always wanted to do in my life. And it always wanted to do in my life. And it always wanted to do in my life. And it meant I got to go do it for my job. From meant I got to go do it for my job. From meant I got to go do it for my job. From the classics like Dole Whips to newer the classics like Dole Whips to newer the classics like Dole Whips to newer hidden favorites like maybe the Mickey hidden favorites like maybe the Mickey hidden favorites like maybe the Mickey chicken and waffles at over at Coronado chicken and waffles at over at Coronado chicken and waffles at over at Coronado Springs, there are just so many snacks Springs, there are just so many snacks Springs, there are just so many snacks throughout the entire resort that will throughout the entire resort that will throughout the entire resort that will actually make your trip better. actually make your trip better. actually make your trip better. Throughout this series, getting to try Throughout this series, getting to try Throughout this series, getting to try all of these different things, it wasn't all of these different things, it wasn't all of these different things, it wasn't just like, "Oh, I need to eat. I'm kind just like, "Oh, I need to eat. I'm kind just like, "Oh, I need to eat. I'm kind of hungry. I'm going to grab what's of hungry. I'm going to grab what's of hungry. I'm going to grab what's closest." It meant I got to try out closest." It meant I got to try out closest." It meant I got to try out things I never would have tried or even things I never would have tried or even things I never would have tried or even gone all the way out there to. And it gone all the way out there to. And it gone all the way out there to. And it was enjoying an entire subculture of was enjoying an entire subculture of was enjoying an entire subculture of Disney World. It's not even a joke when Disney World. It's not even a joke when Disney World. It's not even a joke when we say subculture. It really is a whole we say subculture. It really is a whole we say subculture. It really is a whole thing. Look at the Disney food blog. thing. Look at the Disney food blog. thing. Look at the Disney food blog. There's a reason they're so popular and There's a reason they're so popular and There's a reason they're so popular and it's because people love Disney food and it's because people love Disney food and it's because people love Disney food and snacks. If you don't even consider snacks. If you don't even consider snacks. If you don't even consider yourself typically a Disney foodie or a yourself typically a Disney foodie or a yourself typically a Disney foodie or a foodie in general, this is the time to foodie in general, this is the time to foodie in general, this is the time to try new snacks and try new things. If try new snacks and try new things. If try new snacks and try new things. If it's your first trip or your 100th trip, it's your first trip or your 100th trip, it's your first trip or your 100th trip, Disney foods are going to impact just Disney foods are going to impact just Disney foods are going to impact just how much magic you're going to how much magic you're going to how much magic you're going to experience on this vacation. If you experience on this vacation. If you experience on this vacation. If you don't know which snacks are right for don't know which snacks are right for don't know which snacks are right for you, don't stress. We and our friends you, don't stress. We and our friends you, don't stress. We and our friends over at Disney Food Blog have literally over at Disney Food Blog have literally over at Disney Food Blog have literally hundreds of thousands of reviews. You hundreds of thousands of reviews. You hundreds of thousands of reviews. You can start making your list ahead of time can start making your list ahead of time can start making your list ahead of time if you're anything like me. I love a if you're anything like me. I love a if you're anything like me. I love a Google spreadsheet that is complete with Google spreadsheet that is complete with Google spreadsheet that is complete with locations and prices because I'm crazy. locations and prices because I'm crazy. locations and prices because I'm crazy. It's one of my favorite things about It's one of my favorite things about It's one of my favorite things about Disney. But if you're not that hardcore, Disney. But if you're not that hardcore, Disney. But if you're not that hardcore, I get it. Any list is fine. Sure, Dole I get it. Any list is fine. Sure, Dole I get it. Any list is fine. Sure, Dole Whip is going to be on the list, but Whip is going to be on the list, but Whip is going to be on the list, but then discovering new restaurants, then discovering new restaurants, then discovering new restaurants, snacks, bars, or even lounges is going snacks, bars, or even lounges is going snacks, bars, or even lounges is going to be one of the best parts. That's to be one of the best parts. That's to be one of the best parts. That's what's so fun about Disney is like the what's so fun about Disney is like the what's so fun about Disney is like the magic never ends the entire time you're magic never ends the entire time you're magic never ends the entire time you're there. From riding rides to watching there. From riding rides to watching there. From riding rides to watching shows and even snacking, all of it is a shows and even snacking, all of it is a shows and even snacking, all of it is a part of the experience that makes it the part of the experience that makes it the part of the experience that makes it the best of the best. Another thing that best of the best. Another thing that best of the best. Another thing that this series really taught us is the best this series really taught us is the best this series really taught us is the best part of Disney World is when you kind of part of Disney World is when you kind of part of Disney World is when you kind of wander off the path. Now, this could wander off the path. Now, this could wander off the path. Now, this could mean a lot of things. I don't just mean mean a lot of things. I don't just mean mean a lot of things. I don't just mean like literally wandering off the path. I like literally wandering off the path. I like literally wandering off the path. I mean at large trying new things. Animal mean at large trying new things. Animal mean at large trying new things. Animal Kingdom is a great example of trying new Kingdom is a great example of trying new Kingdom is a great example of trying new things that maybe not every single things that maybe not every single things that maybe not every single person is doing or not every person is person is doing or not every person is person is doing or not every person is going to tell you like this is a musto. going to tell you like this is a musto. going to tell you like this is a musto. Animal Kingdom has several um different Animal Kingdom has several um different Animal Kingdom has several um different trails that you can explore. One being trails that you can explore. One being trails that you can explore. One being the Gorilla Falls trail and one being the Gorilla Falls trail and one being the Gorilla Falls trail and one being the Maharaja Jungle Trek. Both of those the Maharaja Jungle Trek. Both of those the Maharaja Jungle Trek. Both of those are huge. They offer so many different are huge. They offer so many different are huge. They offer so many different points of view throughout Animal Kingdom points of view throughout Animal Kingdom points of view throughout Animal Kingdom that if you're not doing them, you're that if you're not doing them, you're that if you're not doing them, you're not seeing a big portion of the park. not seeing a big portion of the park. not seeing a big portion of the park. You get to get up close with animals. You get to get up close with animals. You get to get up close with animals. There's different experiences. And a lot There's different experiences. And a lot There's different experiences. And a lot of people skip these because they're of people skip these because they're of people skip these because they're like, I don't really care to walk during like, I don't really care to walk during like, I don't really care to walk during my walking vacation, and I get that, but my walking vacation, and I get that, but my walking vacation, and I get that, but it is some of the most special parts of it is some of the most special parts of it is some of the most special parts of Animal Kingdom. And if you don't wander Animal Kingdom. And if you don't wander Animal Kingdom. And if you don't wander off the path, you're missing out on like off the path, you're missing out on like off the path, you're missing out on like a massive section of this theme park and a massive section of this theme park and a massive section of this theme park and what it's meant to bring. Another great what it's meant to bring. Another great what it's meant to bring. Another great example is the Epcot Gardens. There are example is the Epcot Gardens. There are example is the Epcot Gardens. There are several different spots in Epcot that several different spots in Epcot that several different spots in Epcot that are kind of considered gardenlike, and are kind of considered gardenlike, and are kind of considered gardenlike, and they're a great place to stop, relax, they're a great place to stop, relax, they're a great place to stop, relax, and kind of gather yourself away from and kind of gather yourself away from and kind of gather yourself away from the crowds, which can be very the crowds, which can be very the crowds, which can be very overwhelming and really impact your overwhelming and really impact your overwhelming and really impact your vacation negatively if you don't know vacation negatively if you don't know vacation negatively if you don't know how to kind of step back from those how to kind of step back from those how to kind of step back from those moments. My favorites tend to be the UK moments. My favorites tend to be the UK moments. My favorites tend to be the UK pavilion, Epcot Garden, and then the pavilion, Epcot Garden, and then the pavilion, Epcot Garden, and then the Canada Garden. Both are gorgeous, often Canada Garden. Both are gorgeous, often Canada Garden. Both are gorgeous, often have seating, and nine times out of 10 have seating, and nine times out of 10 have seating, and nine times out of 10 are really not packed. So, it's a great are really not packed. So, it's a great are really not packed. So, it's a great way to just like catch your breath in way to just like catch your breath in way to just like catch your breath in the middle of the day. I also consider the middle of the day. I also consider the middle of the day. I also consider doing the pet putt courses something doing the pet putt courses something doing the pet putt courses something that's like wandering off the pasesque. that's like wandering off the pasesque. that's like wandering off the pasesque. You know, before this job, I had never You know, before this job, I had never You know, before this job, I had never even been to the water parks. I had even been to the water parks. I had even been to the water parks. I had never done the putt putt stuff. I just never done the putt putt stuff. I just never done the putt putt stuff. I just thought like m I I'm not as into it. The thought like m I I'm not as into it. The thought like m I I'm not as into it. The putt putt courses at Disney World are so putt putt courses at Disney World are so putt putt courses at Disney World are so much fun and barely anyone is doing much fun and barely anyone is doing much fun and barely anyone is doing them. They're different and they're a them. They're different and they're a them. They're different and they're a great way to kind of spend some time. If great way to kind of spend some time. If great way to kind of spend some time. If you're not doing a full park day, maybe you're not doing a full park day, maybe you're not doing a full park day, maybe you're just doing Disney Springs for you're just doing Disney Springs for you're just doing Disney Springs for dinner, go play a little putt putt. It's dinner, go play a little putt putt. It's dinner, go play a little putt putt. It's chill, almost never crowded. It's a chill, almost never crowded. It's a chill, almost never crowded. It's a really great way to have a Disney day really great way to have a Disney day really great way to have a Disney day without paying full price for a Disney without paying full price for a Disney without paying full price for a Disney theme park ticket. I am partial to the theme park ticket. I am partial to the theme park ticket. I am partial to the Fantasia Gardens Golf one because it's Fantasia Gardens Golf one because it's Fantasia Gardens Golf one because it's the most Disneyesque, but any of them the most Disneyesque, but any of them the most Disneyesque, but any of them are fun, especially if you're with the are fun, especially if you're with the are fun, especially if you're with the right people. Even the water parks do right people. Even the water parks do right people. Even the water parks do fall into the category of wander off the fall into the category of wander off the fall into the category of wander off the path for me. Like I said earlier, not path for me. Like I said earlier, not path for me. Like I said earlier, not really a water park girly. I had never really a water park girly. I had never really a water park girly. I had never done that and I don't consider myself a done that and I don't consider myself a done that and I don't consider myself a water park girly even now, but they are water park girly even now, but they are water park girly even now, but they are so much fun at Disney. Disney's theming so much fun at Disney. Disney's theming so much fun at Disney. Disney's theming is so intentional. The rides are a good is so intentional. The rides are a good is so intentional. The rides are a good time and the food is so good and a lot time and the food is so good and a lot time and the food is so good and a lot of people are skipping the water park. of people are skipping the water park. of people are skipping the water park. So that's kind of why it falls into the So that's kind of why it falls into the So that's kind of why it falls into the wander off the path section of this wander off the path section of this wander off the path section of this video. Now, if you're staying on Disney video. Now, if you're staying on Disney video. Now, if you're staying on Disney World property in 2026, in the summer World property in 2026, in the summer World property in 2026, in the summer specifically, you can actually get free specifically, you can actually get free specifically, you can actually get free entry into the water parks on the day entry into the water parks on the day entry into the water parks on the day you check into your hotel, which that's you check into your hotel, which that's you check into your hotel, which that's a great way to kind of explore something a great way to kind of explore something a great way to kind of explore something new, wander off the hidden path, and not new, wander off the hidden path, and not new, wander off the hidden path, and not have to pay a lot of money for it. have to pay a lot of money for it. have to pay a lot of money for it. You're paying for your hotel, so you You're paying for your hotel, so you You're paying for your hotel, so you might as well take that free perk. There might as well take that free perk. There might as well take that free perk. There is one difference. In 2025, that was an is one difference. In 2025, that was an is one difference. In 2025, that was an allyear perk. In 2026, it's only in the allyear perk. In 2026, it's only in the allyear perk. In 2026, it's only in the summer. So, be sure to check your dates summer. So, be sure to check your dates summer. So, be sure to check your dates and understand when you first check in and understand when you first check in and understand when you first check in with Disney like what perks are with Disney like what perks are with Disney like what perks are included. They can tell you all about it included. They can tell you all about it included. They can tell you all about it at your resort. Hold still. Hold still. at your resort. Hold still. Hold still. at your resort. Hold still. Hold still. Okay. Smile big. Got it. Okay. Our next Okay. Smile big. Got it. Okay. Our next Okay. Smile big. Got it. Okay. Our next one is take all the pictures. That is one is take all the pictures. That is one is take all the pictures. That is the best of the best at Disney World is the best of the best at Disney World is the best of the best at Disney World is taking all the pictures. Honestly, what taking all the pictures. Honestly, what taking all the pictures. Honestly, what made me giggle and laugh more than made me giggle and laugh more than made me giggle and laugh more than anything throughout the entire anything throughout the entire anything throughout the entire Everything series was all of our photo Everything series was all of our photo Everything series was all of our photo pass pictures. Little did I know that I pass pictures. Little did I know that I pass pictures. Little did I know that I would have a massive collection of photo would have a massive collection of photo would have a massive collection of photo pass pictures by the time that was uh pass pictures by the time that was uh pass pictures by the time that was uh wrapped up. That whole series was done. wrapped up. That whole series was done. wrapped up. That whole series was done. But I absolutely loved gathering all of But I absolutely loved gathering all of But I absolutely loved gathering all of them, doing every single spot, and just them, doing every single spot, and just them, doing every single spot, and just having all of these little memories from having all of these little memories from having all of these little memories from the entire series that I can print and the entire series that I can print and the entire series that I can print and have in my house. There are hundreds of have in my house. There are hundreds of have in my house. There are hundreds of them around Disney World. And while I've them around Disney World. And while I've them around Disney World. And while I've always enjoyed photo pass and what that always enjoyed photo pass and what that always enjoyed photo pass and what that brings to your vacation, I had never brings to your vacation, I had never brings to your vacation, I had never done a lot of them. I learned throughout done a lot of them. I learned throughout done a lot of them. I learned throughout the everything series. If you don't the everything series. If you don't the everything series. If you don't know, Disney Photo Pass is essentially know, Disney Photo Pass is essentially know, Disney Photo Pass is essentially Disney photographers that are stationed Disney photographers that are stationed Disney photographers that are stationed throughout the parks and sometimes even throughout the parks and sometimes even throughout the parks and sometimes even the resorts and they can take nice the resorts and they can take nice the resorts and they can take nice professional photos for you and your professional photos for you and your professional photos for you and your family or your friends while you're on family or your friends while you're on family or your friends while you're on vacation. So that way, everyone can be vacation. So that way, everyone can be vacation. So that way, everyone can be in the picture. It's posed. It's not in the picture. It's posed. It's not in the picture. It's posed. It's not just a selfie or mom's not missing from just a selfie or mom's not missing from just a selfie or mom's not missing from this amazing family moment. A lot of this amazing family moment. A lot of this amazing family moment. A lot of times they're in like lime green shirts, times they're in like lime green shirts, times they're in like lime green shirts, so they're pretty easy to spot. and so they're pretty easy to spot. and so they're pretty easy to spot. and they're just a great way to take really they're just a great way to take really they're just a great way to take really nice, beautiful pictures on this once in nice, beautiful pictures on this once in nice, beautiful pictures on this once in a-lifetime for many people occasion and a-lifetime for many people occasion and a-lifetime for many people occasion and vacation. Now, it's not just like nice vacation. Now, it's not just like nice vacation. Now, it's not just like nice post photos in front of the castle, post photos in front of the castle, post photos in front of the castle, although they do have those. They also although they do have those. They also although they do have those. They also have things like magic shots, super have things like magic shots, super have things like magic shots, super zooms, and even tiny world shots to like zooms, and even tiny world shots to like zooms, and even tiny world shots to like add some different and fun things to add some different and fun things to add some different and fun things to your family photos. Magic shots are when your family photos. Magic shots are when your family photos. Magic shots are when you take the picture and they tell you you take the picture and they tell you you take the picture and they tell you like, "Oh, look in your hand and smile." like, "Oh, look in your hand and smile." like, "Oh, look in your hand and smile." And then once you find the photos in And then once you find the photos in And then once you find the photos in your My Disney Experience app, you'll your My Disney Experience app, you'll your My Disney Experience app, you'll see kind of what magic touches they see kind of what magic touches they see kind of what magic touches they added to the photos. A lot of times it's added to the photos. A lot of times it's added to the photos. A lot of times it's a famous Disney character or it's like a famous Disney character or it's like a famous Disney character or it's like fun snow based on the holidays around fun snow based on the holidays around fun snow based on the holidays around you. There's a lot of different options you. There's a lot of different options you. There's a lot of different options and I love a magic shot. They make them and I love a magic shot. They make them and I love a magic shot. They make them so fun and special. The super zoom shots so fun and special. The super zoom shots so fun and special. The super zoom shots are also really neat. They'll take like are also really neat. They'll take like are also really neat. They'll take like massive wide shots of Main Street and massive wide shots of Main Street and massive wide shots of Main Street and then it'll zoom in and show you exactly then it'll zoom in and show you exactly then it'll zoom in and show you exactly where you are. So you get a video and a where you are. So you get a video and a where you are. So you get a video and a photo, which is very neat. And I think photo, which is very neat. And I think photo, which is very neat. And I think it's kind of fun, especially when you it's kind of fun, especially when you it's kind of fun, especially when you think about how many people are in think about how many people are in think about how many people are in Disney World to like see just a small Disney World to like see just a small Disney World to like see just a small section and then see yourself. It's like section and then see yourself. It's like section and then see yourself. It's like a little ant. I think that's cute. They a little ant. I think that's cute. They a little ant. I think that's cute. They also offer the tiny world shots, which also offer the tiny world shots, which also offer the tiny world shots, which is when you like all hold hands around is when you like all hold hands around is when you like all hold hands around this insane uh camera and it takes just this insane uh camera and it takes just this insane uh camera and it takes just like funny goofy pictures. Now, you can like funny goofy pictures. Now, you can like funny goofy pictures. Now, you can buy a memory maker photo package to get buy a memory maker photo package to get buy a memory maker photo package to get all of your pictures during your all of your pictures during your all of your pictures during your vacation. You can buy them one at a time vacation. You can buy them one at a time vacation. You can buy them one at a time or you can even purchase Memory Maker by or you can even purchase Memory Maker by or you can even purchase Memory Maker by day. Now, I don't really recommend day. Now, I don't really recommend day. Now, I don't really recommend purchasing them one at a time or Memory purchasing them one at a time or Memory purchasing them one at a time or Memory Maker by day. I typically just go ahead Maker by day. I typically just go ahead Maker by day. I typically just go ahead and shell out the cash for the whole and shell out the cash for the whole and shell out the cash for the whole vacation because you will be surprised vacation because you will be surprised vacation because you will be surprised how many photos you take. It also means how many photos you take. It also means how many photos you take. It also means that anytime you see a Photo Pass that anytime you see a Photo Pass that anytime you see a Photo Pass photographer, you might say like, "Hey, photographer, you might say like, "Hey, photographer, you might say like, "Hey, let's stop for a picture here." Whereas let's stop for a picture here." Whereas let's stop for a picture here." Whereas otherwise you wouldn't. And it includes otherwise you wouldn't. And it includes otherwise you wouldn't. And it includes your ride photos. So, lots of nice your ride photos. So, lots of nice your ride photos. So, lots of nice things that come along with that memory things that come along with that memory things that come along with that memory maker. As a kid on our first Disney maker. As a kid on our first Disney maker. As a kid on our first Disney vacations, we got the full memory maker vacations, we got the full memory maker vacations, we got the full memory maker package. And then my mom once we came package. And then my mom once we came package. And then my mom once we came home made like massive photo albums of home made like massive photo albums of home made like massive photo albums of all of our Disney pictures. And even all of our Disney pictures. And even all of our Disney pictures. And even still, they're some of my favorite still, they're some of my favorite still, they're some of my favorite family photos we've ever taken. I love family photos we've ever taken. I love family photos we've ever taken. I love looking back through them. The only looking back through them. The only looking back through them. The only thing I don't like is the weird Bermuda thing I don't like is the weird Bermuda thing I don't like is the weird Bermuda shorts I was wearing in the pictures, shorts I was wearing in the pictures, shorts I was wearing in the pictures, but I was a child of my age. That has but I was a child of my age. That has but I was a child of my age. That has nothing to do with the photos. That's nothing to do with the photos. That's nothing to do with the photos. That's really more with my sense of style. The really more with my sense of style. The really more with my sense of style. The next one for me, the best of the best in next one for me, the best of the best in next one for me, the best of the best in Disney World is getting glittered. It's Disney World is getting glittered. It's Disney World is getting glittered. It's getting glittered. And I don't care. I getting glittered. And I don't care. I getting glittered. And I don't care. I don't want to hear if you are not on don't want to hear if you are not on don't want to hear if you are not on that wave. This is its own category. that wave. This is its own category. that wave. This is its own category. Getting pixie dusted in Magic Kingdom is Getting pixie dusted in Magic Kingdom is Getting pixie dusted in Magic Kingdom is the best of the best. Okay? And that the best of the best. Okay? And that the best of the best. Okay? And that specifically is its own category. Over specifically is its own category. Over specifically is its own category. Over at Sir Mickey's in Fantasy Land, you can at Sir Mickey's in Fantasy Land, you can at Sir Mickey's in Fantasy Land, you can go get pixieve best and it is totally go get pixieve best and it is totally go get pixieve best and it is totally for free and you close your eyes and you for free and you close your eyes and you for free and you close your eyes and you make a wish and you get pixie dust and make a wish and you get pixie dust and make a wish and you get pixie dust and glitter and it makes me so happy. The glitter and it makes me so happy. The glitter and it makes me so happy. The reason that this is its own category as reason that this is its own category as reason that this is its own category as far as like the best things to do at far as like the best things to do at far as like the best things to do at Disney World is because this is the Disney World is because this is the Disney World is because this is the best. This is what Disney World is to best. This is what Disney World is to best. This is what Disney World is to me. And hear me out. I know I sound me. And hear me out. I know I sound me. And hear me out. I know I sound insane because it's really just putting insane because it's really just putting insane because it's really just putting glitter in your hair, but to me, this glitter in your hair, but to me, this glitter in your hair, but to me, this really represents everything that you really represents everything that you really represents everything that you want Disney World to be. Whether you are want Disney World to be. Whether you are want Disney World to be. Whether you are one or you are 55, 60, 70, 80, 100, one or you are 55, 60, 70, 80, 100, one or you are 55, 60, 70, 80, 100, taking that moment, just closing your taking that moment, just closing your taking that moment, just closing your eyes and feeling the sweet simplicity of eyes and feeling the sweet simplicity of eyes and feeling the sweet simplicity of making a wish. Cuz everybody does it. I making a wish. Cuz everybody does it. I making a wish. Cuz everybody does it. I don't care if they say, "Close your don't care if they say, "Close your don't care if they say, "Close your eyes, make a wish," and you're like, eyes, make a wish," and you're like, eyes, make a wish," and you're like, "Okay." "Okay." "Okay." A small part of you closes your eyes and A small part of you closes your eyes and A small part of you closes your eyes and really makes a wish. Whether it's just really makes a wish. Whether it's just really makes a wish. Whether it's just like I hope that I get to have my snack like I hope that I get to have my snack like I hope that I get to have my snack today or like I hope that this is the today or like I hope that this is the today or like I hope that this is the best trip I'll ever have. Like everyone best trip I'll ever have. Like everyone best trip I'll ever have. Like everyone makes a wish when they do it. There's makes a wish when they do it. There's makes a wish when they do it. There's something about this to me that is about something about this to me that is about something about this to me that is about embracing embracing embracing the magic of the parks. Even if you're the magic of the parks. Even if you're the magic of the parks. Even if you're not a Disney adult, in this moment you not a Disney adult, in this moment you not a Disney adult, in this moment you are truly embracing what it means to be are truly embracing what it means to be are truly embracing what it means to be in Disney. You're closing your eyes. in Disney. You're closing your eyes. in Disney. You're closing your eyes. You're doing something for you. and You're doing something for you. and You're doing something for you. and you're wishing with your heart for you're wishing with your heart for you're wishing with your heart for something you really want and it's free something you really want and it's free something you really want and it's free and a lot of things in Disney World are and a lot of things in Disney World are and a lot of things in Disney World are not free anymore and it can feel not free anymore and it can feel not free anymore and it can feel overwhelming like a little bit of a overwhelming like a little bit of a overwhelming like a little bit of a financial burden to try to do everything financial burden to try to do everything financial burden to try to do everything if you're being totally honest and if you're being totally honest and if you're being totally honest and transparent. But this one little thing transparent. But this one little thing transparent. But this one little thing is free. It helps you enjoy the moment is free. It helps you enjoy the moment is free. It helps you enjoy the moment and you aren't going to worry about the and you aren't going to worry about the and you aren't going to worry about the rest of your day because you're going to rest of your day because you're going to rest of your day because you're going to turn and you're going to catch all turn and you're going to catch all turn and you're going to catch all through the rest of the day little through the rest of the day little through the rest of the day little glimpses of that glitter as it's falling glimpses of that glitter as it's falling glimpses of that glitter as it's falling off your shoulders or as you like see off your shoulders or as you like see off your shoulders or as you like see yourself in the mirror. And it's it's yourself in the mirror. And it's it's yourself in the mirror. And it's it's just nice. It's just nice and it's not just nice. It's just nice and it's not just nice. It's just nice and it's not stressful and you aren't even going to stressful and you aren't even going to stressful and you aren't even going to worry about how long it's going to take worry about how long it's going to take worry about how long it's going to take for you to scrub it out of your scalp for you to scrub it out of your scalp for you to scrub it out of your scalp that night in the shower because you're that night in the shower because you're that night in the shower because you're having fun when you're doing it. And having fun when you're doing it. And having fun when you're doing it. And speaking of freebies, that's going to speaking of freebies, that's going to speaking of freebies, that's going to take us to our next section. The take us to our next section. The take us to our next section. The freebies around the parks and the hotels freebies around the parks and the hotels freebies around the parks and the hotels are a great way to expand your Disney are a great way to expand your Disney are a great way to expand your Disney World trip without breaking the bank and World trip without breaking the bank and World trip without breaking the bank and to just like find little things that to just like find little things that to just like find little things that make it better than it already is. You make it better than it already is. You make it better than it already is. You can enjoy different things like can enjoy different things like can enjoy different things like celebration buttons. There are a few celebration buttons. There are a few celebration buttons. There are a few kind of celebration buttons. There's the kind of celebration buttons. There's the kind of celebration buttons. There's the birthday buttons. There's the just birthday buttons. There's the just birthday buttons. There's the just normal green celebration button that you normal green celebration button that you normal green celebration button that you can write like what you're celebrating can write like what you're celebrating can write like what you're celebrating on. And then there's also a first time on. And then there's also a first time on. And then there's also a first time button if you've never been and an button if you've never been and an button if you've never been and an anniversary button. So all fun and anniversary button. So all fun and anniversary button. So all fun and exciting things. You can also do pin exciting things. You can also do pin exciting things. You can also do pin trading which small caveat here. Pin trading which small caveat here. Pin trading which small caveat here. Pin trading itself is free. You do have to trading itself is free. You do have to trading itself is free. You do have to have like the initial fee that you pay have like the initial fee that you pay have like the initial fee that you pay to buy your first pin to start pin to buy your first pin to start pin to buy your first pin to start pin trading. So it's maybe not totally free, trading. So it's maybe not totally free, trading. So it's maybe not totally free, but once you have your first pin or but once you have your first pin or but once you have your first pin or first few pins, the act of pin trading first few pins, the act of pin trading first few pins, the act of pin trading is free. And I love it because it's a is free. And I love it because it's a is free. And I love it because it's a great way to kind of like talk to cast great way to kind of like talk to cast great way to kind of like talk to cast members or be on a hunt and have like a members or be on a hunt and have like a members or be on a hunt and have like a fun little scavenger hunt for yourself fun little scavenger hunt for yourself fun little scavenger hunt for yourself while you're on your Disney vacation. while you're on your Disney vacation. while you're on your Disney vacation. I'm obsessed with pin trading. I do it I'm obsessed with pin trading. I do it I'm obsessed with pin trading. I do it every single time I go. Disney Springs every single time I go. Disney Springs every single time I go. Disney Springs is also going to fall into the freebies is also going to fall into the freebies is also going to fall into the freebies category because you can get into Disney category because you can get into Disney category because you can get into Disney Springs without paying a dime. There is Springs without paying a dime. There is Springs without paying a dime. There is no entrance fee and there's no parking no entrance fee and there's no parking no entrance fee and there's no parking fee, which is huge. A lot of places like fee, which is huge. A lot of places like fee, which is huge. A lot of places like City Walk over at Universal do still City Walk over at Universal do still City Walk over at Universal do still require a parking fee. So, the fact that require a parking fee. So, the fact that require a parking fee. So, the fact that Disney Springs doesn't is major. I have Disney Springs doesn't is major. I have Disney Springs doesn't is major. I have fear that one day Disney will start fear that one day Disney will start fear that one day Disney will start asking us to pay to park there and then asking us to pay to park there and then asking us to pay to park there and then I'll be really devastated and upset, but I'll be really devastated and upset, but I'll be really devastated and upset, but we're not talking about it and we're not we're not talking about it and we're not we're not talking about it and we're not manifesting it cuz it's not going to manifesting it cuz it's not going to manifesting it cuz it's not going to happen. I will say though, once you get happen. I will say though, once you get happen. I will say though, once you get to Disney Springs, if you spend money, to Disney Springs, if you spend money, to Disney Springs, if you spend money, that's out of my hands. I won't judge that's out of my hands. I won't judge that's out of my hands. I won't judge you and I can't hold you accountable for you and I can't hold you accountable for you and I can't hold you accountable for that. But technically, Disney Springs that. But technically, Disney Springs that. But technically, Disney Springs and the entertainment that you can find and the entertainment that you can find and the entertainment that you can find there, totally free. Resort hopping. there, totally free. Resort hopping. there, totally free. Resort hopping. That's another thing that's totally free That's another thing that's totally free That's another thing that's totally free around Disney World that a lot of people around Disney World that a lot of people around Disney World that a lot of people are not taking advantage of and it is are not taking advantage of and it is are not taking advantage of and it is the best way to really make your Disney the best way to really make your Disney the best way to really make your Disney trip even better. What I like to do if trip even better. What I like to do if trip even better. What I like to do if you are staying at a Disney hotel, you you are staying at a Disney hotel, you you are staying at a Disney hotel, you can either hop on a bus and go to a can either hop on a bus and go to a can either hop on a bus and go to a different park and then from there different park and then from there different park and then from there choose what resort you're going to go to choose what resort you're going to go to choose what resort you're going to go to or you can go to Disney Springs and or you can go to Disney Springs and or you can go to Disney Springs and choose a bus from there because a lot of choose a bus from there because a lot of choose a bus from there because a lot of different resorts unless you are staying different resorts unless you are staying different resorts unless you are staying there or you have a dining reservation there or you have a dining reservation there or you have a dining reservation you cannot park at. That is not true for you cannot park at. That is not true for you cannot park at. That is not true for all of them. However, it is mostly true all of them. However, it is mostly true all of them. However, it is mostly true and I would hate for you to drive and I would hate for you to drive and I would hate for you to drive somewhere and then them not let you park somewhere and then them not let you park somewhere and then them not let you park there. So, the best way to resort hop is there. So, the best way to resort hop is there. So, the best way to resort hop is definitely park over at Disney Springs definitely park over at Disney Springs definitely park over at Disney Springs and then take buses from there. What is and then take buses from there. What is and then take buses from there. What is resort hopping? It's essentially just resort hopping? It's essentially just resort hopping? It's essentially just going to the different Disney resorts, going to the different Disney resorts, going to the different Disney resorts, seeing what they have to offer, checking seeing what they have to offer, checking seeing what they have to offer, checking out the different snacks, drinks, out the different snacks, drinks, out the different snacks, drinks, entertainment, and just overall theming entertainment, and just overall theming entertainment, and just overall theming around each of the resorts. Yeah, I love around each of the resorts. Yeah, I love around each of the resorts. Yeah, I love to explore. A lot of my favorite foods to explore. A lot of my favorite foods to explore. A lot of my favorite foods are at the Disney resorts, which we're are at the Disney resorts, which we're are at the Disney resorts, which we're doing a full 2026 foodie guide, and you doing a full 2026 foodie guide, and you doing a full 2026 foodie guide, and you can check that out on the channel. can check that out on the channel. can check that out on the channel. Resort hopping is one of my favorite Resort hopping is one of my favorite Resort hopping is one of my favorite ways to like enjoy Disney World without ways to like enjoy Disney World without ways to like enjoy Disney World without paying for a park ticket in addition to paying for a park ticket in addition to paying for a park ticket in addition to Disney Springs. And a lot of times Disney Springs. And a lot of times Disney Springs. And a lot of times every, you know, every time we went to every, you know, every time we went to every, you know, every time we went to Orlando or my family would come visit me Orlando or my family would come visit me Orlando or my family would come visit me when we lived there, we didn't when we lived there, we didn't when we lived there, we didn't necessarily go to the parks every time, necessarily go to the parks every time, necessarily go to the parks every time, but we would at the very least go to a but we would at the very least go to a but we would at the very least go to a resort or Disney Springs. Over in Magic resort or Disney Springs. Over in Magic resort or Disney Springs. Over in Magic Kingdom, Pirates Adventure is getting a Kingdom, Pirates Adventure is getting a Kingdom, Pirates Adventure is getting a shout out for being a cool freebie that shout out for being a cool freebie that shout out for being a cool freebie that is so underrated and everyone should be is so underrated and everyone should be is so underrated and everyone should be doing. Uh, it's a free game. It takes doing. Uh, it's a free game. It takes doing. Uh, it's a free game. It takes you on a little scavenger hunt you on a little scavenger hunt you on a little scavenger hunt throughout Adventureland. You get to throughout Adventureland. You get to throughout Adventureland. You get to help Jack Sparrow and as you do help Jack Sparrow and as you do help Jack Sparrow and as you do different things, different sections of different things, different sections of different things, different sections of the park like come to life. It is so the park like come to life. It is so the park like come to life. It is so neat. At one point, spoiler, you can neat. At one point, spoiler, you can neat. At one point, spoiler, you can even like help fire a cannon off which even like help fire a cannon off which even like help fire a cannon off which is just cool and nobody's doing it and I is just cool and nobody's doing it and I is just cool and nobody's doing it and I think you should be. The World Showcase think you should be. The World Showcase think you should be. The World Showcase Adventure is also going to be something Adventure is also going to be something Adventure is also going to be something very similar to Pirates Adventure. It is very similar to Pirates Adventure. It is very similar to Pirates Adventure. It is with DuctTales over in Epcot. It's with DuctTales over in Epcot. It's with DuctTales over in Epcot. It's throughout the World Showcase and it's throughout the World Showcase and it's throughout the World Showcase and it's actually on the Play Disney parks app. actually on the Play Disney parks app. actually on the Play Disney parks app. Pirates Adventure. You don't need Pirates Adventure. You don't need Pirates Adventure. You don't need anything for the World Showcase anything for the World Showcase anything for the World Showcase scavenger hunt. You do need the Play scavenger hunt. You do need the Play scavenger hunt. You do need the Play Disney Parks app, but luckily it is Disney Parks app, but luckily it is Disney Parks app, but luckily it is free. It's with characters from free. It's with characters from free. It's with characters from DuctTales like Huey Dewey and Louie, and DuctTales like Huey Dewey and Louie, and DuctTales like Huey Dewey and Louie, and you get to help solve different you get to help solve different you get to help solve different mysteries in different Epcot pavilions. mysteries in different Epcot pavilions. mysteries in different Epcot pavilions. Finally, fireworks are also going to Finally, fireworks are also going to Finally, fireworks are also going to land in the freebie category, which is land in the freebie category, which is land in the freebie category, which is very exciting to a lot of people. You very exciting to a lot of people. You very exciting to a lot of people. You can actually watch the Disney World can actually watch the Disney World can actually watch the Disney World fireworks from a handful of different fireworks from a handful of different fireworks from a handful of different places um that you don't necessarily places um that you don't necessarily places um that you don't necessarily have to pay to go to. Now, this is going have to pay to go to. Now, this is going have to pay to go to. Now, this is going to kind of combine resort hopping in to kind of combine resort hopping in to kind of combine resort hopping in with this, but a lot of different uh with this, but a lot of different uh with this, but a lot of different uh hotels have places to watch the hotels have places to watch the hotels have places to watch the fireworks for free. Disney's fireworks for free. Disney's fireworks for free. Disney's Contemporary Resort, Polynesian Village Contemporary Resort, Polynesian Village Contemporary Resort, Polynesian Village Resort, and the Grand Fidian. All three Resort, and the Grand Fidian. All three Resort, and the Grand Fidian. All three have the ability to watch Happily Ever have the ability to watch Happily Ever have the ability to watch Happily Ever After from the resorts. Now, of course, After from the resorts. Now, of course, After from the resorts. Now, of course, you're not going to be able to see the you're not going to be able to see the you're not going to be able to see the projections. You might not even be able projections. You might not even be able projections. You might not even be able to hear the music. But some of these to hear the music. But some of these to hear the music. But some of these spots actually funnel in the music so spots actually funnel in the music so spots actually funnel in the music so it's timed right as the fireworks go off it's timed right as the fireworks go off it's timed right as the fireworks go off even though you're at a different even though you're at a different even though you're at a different distance. Riviera Resort and Disney distance. Riviera Resort and Disney distance. Riviera Resort and Disney Boardwalk Resort also allow you to kind Boardwalk Resort also allow you to kind Boardwalk Resort also allow you to kind of get peaks of Epcot's fireworks. of get peaks of Epcot's fireworks. of get peaks of Epcot's fireworks. They're just so much fun. You don't have They're just so much fun. You don't have They're just so much fun. You don't have to pay and it's like a major major to pay and it's like a major major to pay and it's like a major major Disney World staple that you can do for Disney World staple that you can do for Disney World staple that you can do for free. Now, you're not going to be in the free. Now, you're not going to be in the free. Now, you're not going to be in the parks necessarily. However, you can parks necessarily. However, you can parks necessarily. However, you can watch them for free with a little bit watch them for free with a little bit watch them for free with a little bit more planning. It deserves a shout out more planning. It deserves a shout out more planning. It deserves a shout out in the freebie category and it is in the freebie category and it is in the freebie category and it is getting one right now. Singing along in getting one right now. Singing along in getting one right now. Singing along in Disney World is of course the best of Disney World is of course the best of Disney World is of course the best of the best. Now, this one's not a the best. Now, this one's not a the best. Now, this one's not a question. It's just how are you going to question. It's just how are you going to question. It's just how are you going to sing along? How are you going to join sing along? How are you going to join sing along? How are you going to join in? It would not be an all ears video if in? It would not be an all ears video if in? It would not be an all ears video if we did not shout out how important live we did not shout out how important live we did not shout out how important live entertainment is because say it with me, entertainment is because say it with me, entertainment is because say it with me, live entertainment is important. It is. live entertainment is important. It is. live entertainment is important. It is. And we are massive live entertainment And we are massive live entertainment And we are massive live entertainment fans in this house and they really make fans in this house and they really make fans in this house and they really make Disney World the best of the best. Now, Disney World the best of the best. Now, Disney World the best of the best. Now, a lot of other theme parks do have a lot of other theme parks do have a lot of other theme parks do have shows. They have singing, but none are shows. They have singing, but none are shows. They have singing, but none are quite as good as Disney. And that's just quite as good as Disney. And that's just quite as good as Disney. And that's just the truth. Disney puts so much love and the truth. Disney puts so much love and the truth. Disney puts so much love and care into their shows. We've seen it, care into their shows. We've seen it, care into their shows. We've seen it, especially as they add new things. Even especially as they add new things. Even especially as they add new things. Even to the Disney Cruise Line, the shows on to the Disney Cruise Line, the shows on to the Disney Cruise Line, the shows on the Disney Destiny blew us away. And you the Disney Destiny blew us away. And you the Disney Destiny blew us away. And you can tell that every time they do can tell that every time they do can tell that every time they do something new, they like level it up in something new, they like level it up in something new, they like level it up in a special way. All this to be said, I a special way. All this to be said, I a special way. All this to be said, I can't help but sing along. Anytime I'm can't help but sing along. Anytime I'm can't help but sing along. Anytime I'm watching a show, I'm enjoying. I'm watching a show, I'm enjoying. I'm watching a show, I'm enjoying. I'm singing. These shows in Disney World are singing. These shows in Disney World are singing. These shows in Disney World are an amazing way to get off your feet, get an amazing way to get off your feet, get an amazing way to get off your feet, get a little bit of air conditioning, and a little bit of air conditioning, and a little bit of air conditioning, and support the actors that work with the support the actors that work with the support the actors that work with the company because they need the support. company because they need the support. company because they need the support. That's part of what makes Disney so much That's part of what makes Disney so much That's part of what makes Disney so much fun and so special is the live people, fun and so special is the live people, fun and so special is the live people, like the real people that make the parks like the real people that make the parks like the real people that make the parks come to life. We talk about cast members come to life. We talk about cast members come to life. We talk about cast members are important all the time. The people are important all the time. The people are important all the time. The people in the shows are cast members. They are in the shows are cast members. They are in the shows are cast members. They are important. They absolutely make Disney important. They absolutely make Disney important. They absolutely make Disney World what it is. If you just went and World what it is. If you just went and World what it is. If you just went and rode a bunch of rides, you'd be at the rode a bunch of rides, you'd be at the rode a bunch of rides, you'd be at the local fair. You wouldn't be at Disney local fair. You wouldn't be at Disney local fair. You wouldn't be at Disney World. So, that is what sets them apart. World. So, that is what sets them apart. World. So, that is what sets them apart. You get to hear classic Disney songs and You get to hear classic Disney songs and You get to hear classic Disney songs and just enjoy like the vibes. This could be just enjoy like the vibes. This could be just enjoy like the vibes. This could be parades. This could be stage shows. This parades. This could be stage shows. This parades. This could be stage shows. This could even be like driveby could even be like driveby could even be like driveby entertainment, if you will. There's a entertainment, if you will. There's a entertainment, if you will. There's a lot of things that fall into this lot of things that fall into this lot of things that fall into this singing along category, and you can kind singing along category, and you can kind singing along category, and you can kind of choose what is right for you. A lot of choose what is right for you. A lot of choose what is right for you. A lot of these are not going to take up much of these are not going to take up much of these are not going to take up much time in your day. They're also going to time in your day. They're also going to time in your day. They're also going to be faster than a lot of the lines you be faster than a lot of the lines you be faster than a lot of the lines you might be waiting in. And I think it's might be waiting in. And I think it's might be waiting in. And I think it's healthy to sing. I think it's healthy to healthy to sing. I think it's healthy to healthy to sing. I think it's healthy to sing your heart out every once in a sing your heart out every once in a sing your heart out every once in a while. Who doesn't need to do that? while. Who doesn't need to do that? while. Who doesn't need to do that? Plus, who doesn't love Captain Hook? If Plus, who doesn't love Captain Hook? If Plus, who doesn't love Captain Hook? If you know, you know. Now, there are you know, you know. Now, there are you know, you know. Now, there are several throughout Disney World that several throughout Disney World that several throughout Disney World that deserve a shout out. Disney Villains and deserve a shout out. Disney Villains and deserve a shout out. Disney Villains and Fairly Ever After, The Little Mermaid Fairly Ever After, The Little Mermaid Fairly Ever After, The Little Mermaid Show in Hollywood Studios, The Frozen Show in Hollywood Studios, The Frozen Show in Hollywood Studios, The Frozen Celebration Sing Along. I mean, that's Celebration Sing Along. I mean, that's Celebration Sing Along. I mean, that's just three off the top of my head and just three off the top of my head and just three off the top of my head and they're all in Hollywood Studios. That's they're all in Hollywood Studios. That's they're all in Hollywood Studios. That's not even scratching the surface at the not even scratching the surface at the not even scratching the surface at the other parks. Festival of the Lion King other parks. Festival of the Lion King other parks. Festival of the Lion King and Animal Kingdom. I mean, there are and Animal Kingdom. I mean, there are and Animal Kingdom. I mean, there are tons. Sing your heart out. It's healthy tons. Sing your heart out. It's healthy tons. Sing your heart out. It's healthy and I think everyone needs to do it and I think everyone needs to do it and I think everyone needs to do it every once in a while. Even if you're a every once in a while. Even if you're a every once in a while. Even if you're a bad singer like me, you don't have to be bad singer like me, you don't have to be bad singer like me, you don't have to be a good singer to sing your heart out. a good singer to sing your heart out. a good singer to sing your heart out. Best thing in Disney World is to live in Best thing in Disney World is to live in Best thing in Disney World is to live in the lounges as well. The lounges around the lounges as well. The lounges around the lounges as well. The lounges around Disney World are kind of like our office Disney World are kind of like our office Disney World are kind of like our office spaces, if you will. If you're looking spaces, if you will. If you're looking spaces, if you will. If you're looking for the Allar's crew, go ahead and check for the Allar's crew, go ahead and check for the Allar's crew, go ahead and check the lounges. There are so many around the lounges. There are so many around the lounges. There are so many around Disney at the hotels, even at the parks. Disney at the hotels, even at the parks. Disney at the hotels, even at the parks. and they've added new ones over the last and they've added new ones over the last and they've added new ones over the last few years. They're going to continue to few years. They're going to continue to few years. They're going to continue to add new ones. They are just incredible. add new ones. They are just incredible. add new ones. They are just incredible. And even since we've wrapped the series, And even since we've wrapped the series, And even since we've wrapped the series, Disney's added two new ones, one in Disney's added two new ones, one in Disney's added two new ones, one in Epcot and one in uh Magic Kingdom. Most Epcot and one in uh Magic Kingdom. Most Epcot and one in uh Magic Kingdom. Most of them don't require a reservation. Um of them don't require a reservation. Um of them don't require a reservation. Um so you can kind of enjoy a Disney World so you can kind of enjoy a Disney World so you can kind of enjoy a Disney World table service without fighting for an table service without fighting for an table service without fighting for an early reservation or stressing over early reservation or stressing over early reservation or stressing over getting a lastm minute one. They offer getting a lastm minute one. They offer getting a lastm minute one. They offer amazing cocktails, amazing beer and wine amazing cocktails, amazing beer and wine amazing cocktails, amazing beer and wine options, delicious bites, and then even options, delicious bites, and then even options, delicious bites, and then even some really fun mocktails, which Disney some really fun mocktails, which Disney some really fun mocktails, which Disney is currently working on adding more is currently working on adding more is currently working on adding more diverse mocktails throughout a lot of diverse mocktails throughout a lot of diverse mocktails throughout a lot of their um lounges and restaurants their um lounges and restaurants their um lounges and restaurants throughout the entire resort. It's a throughout the entire resort. It's a throughout the entire resort. It's a nice place to get off your feet to nice place to get off your feet to nice place to get off your feet to enjoy, get some of the best food and enjoy, get some of the best food and enjoy, get some of the best food and drinks that you can. And we just love to drinks that you can. And we just love to drinks that you can. And we just love to like sit and chat. Like that is our like sit and chat. Like that is our like sit and chat. Like that is our favorite place. That's why we're there favorite place. That's why we're there favorite place. That's why we're there all the time. if we have a break or we all the time. if we have a break or we all the time. if we have a break or we want a break or we need one, that's want a break or we need one, that's want a break or we need one, that's where we're going as a lounge because where we're going as a lounge because where we're going as a lounge because there's nothing quite like it. I will there's nothing quite like it. I will there's nothing quite like it. I will say probably our favorite lounge is say probably our favorite lounge is say probably our favorite lounge is Nomad Lounge, but you're going to find Nomad Lounge, but you're going to find Nomad Lounge, but you're going to find us at the Beacon Barrel. You're going to us at the Beacon Barrel. You're going to us at the Beacon Barrel. You're going to find us at GO82. You're going to find us find us at GO82. You're going to find us find us at GO82. You're going to find us at Steakhouse 71 lounge. I mean, there at Steakhouse 71 lounge. I mean, there at Steakhouse 71 lounge. I mean, there are just so many so many good spots. So, are just so many so many good spots. So, are just so many so many good spots. So, just check them all out. I'd say check just check them all out. I'd say check just check them all out. I'd say check them all out. That's actually my them all out. That's actually my them all out. That's actually my personal everything in Disney World goal personal everything in Disney World goal personal everything in Disney World goal and list is to just be in every lounge and list is to just be in every lounge and list is to just be in every lounge all the time. Now, this one is one that all the time. Now, this one is one that all the time. Now, this one is one that I think is the best of Disney World that I think is the best of Disney World that I think is the best of Disney World that I might not be doing every time and I might not be doing every time and I might not be doing every time and that's getting some good character hugs. that's getting some good character hugs. that's getting some good character hugs. That is part of the best thing about That is part of the best thing about That is part of the best thing about Disney World to be honest. Mickey Mouse Disney World to be honest. Mickey Mouse Disney World to be honest. Mickey Mouse without a doubt is one that everyone without a doubt is one that everyone without a doubt is one that everyone needs to do at least once in their life. needs to do at least once in their life. needs to do at least once in their life. I don't care. I don't care if you think I don't care. I don't care if you think I don't care. I don't care if you think I'm not doing that. you should do it I'm not doing that. you should do it I'm not doing that. you should do it just once. I am very awkward when it just once. I am very awkward when it just once. I am very awkward when it comes to character meet and greets. comes to character meet and greets. comes to character meet and greets. Although I've gotten better over time Although I've gotten better over time Although I've gotten better over time because of how many I've had to do, because of how many I've had to do, because of how many I've had to do, they're still just like a little they're still just like a little they're still just like a little strange. I don't always know what to strange. I don't always know what to strange. I don't always know what to say. I don't always know what to do. But say. I don't always know what to do. But say. I don't always know what to do. But I love a good character hug. I do. I love a good character hug. I do. I love a good character hug. I do. Especially when I get to stand in line Especially when I get to stand in line Especially when I get to stand in line and watch the kiddos around me get their and watch the kiddos around me get their and watch the kiddos around me get their character hugs before I get mine. It's character hugs before I get mine. It's character hugs before I get mine. It's so It's so special. And it is another so It's so special. And it is another so It's so special. And it is another thing that really sets Disney apart in a thing that really sets Disney apart in a thing that really sets Disney apart in a way that a lot of other theme parks and way that a lot of other theme parks and way that a lot of other theme parks and brands can't do. My own family members brands can't do. My own family members brands can't do. My own family members get like so excited and giddy no matter get like so excited and giddy no matter get like so excited and giddy no matter how old they are to go meet and hug how old they are to go meet and hug how old they are to go meet and hug Mickey. Now, it's not something I do Mickey. Now, it's not something I do Mickey. Now, it's not something I do every single trip, but if I see a short every single trip, but if I see a short every single trip, but if I see a short wait time or if I see a character just wait time or if I see a character just wait time or if I see a character just kind of out and about, I want a picture kind of out and about, I want a picture kind of out and about, I want a picture and I want a hug. Seeing them makes the and I want a hug. Seeing them makes the and I want a hug. Seeing them makes the parks feel alive. It's very similar to parks feel alive. It's very similar to parks feel alive. It's very similar to live entertainment. They are technically live entertainment. They are technically live entertainment. They are technically classified as live entertainment as classified as live entertainment as classified as live entertainment as well. They make the parks feel alive. well. They make the parks feel alive. well. They make the parks feel alive. They wake up the magical feeling in me They wake up the magical feeling in me They wake up the magical feeling in me that 10year-old Emma feels or felt that 10year-old Emma feels or felt that 10year-old Emma feels or felt versus 26-year-old Emma feels. It's like versus 26-year-old Emma feels. It's like versus 26-year-old Emma feels. It's like that and the pixie dust of it all just that and the pixie dust of it all just that and the pixie dust of it all just makes you feel like this is a place I makes you feel like this is a place I makes you feel like this is a place I don't have to think about anything else don't have to think about anything else don't have to think about anything else and I'm going to get a hug from a big and I'm going to get a hug from a big and I'm going to get a hug from a big mouse and it's going to mean something mouse and it's going to mean something mouse and it's going to mean something to me. Finally, the entire series, I to me. Finally, the entire series, I to me. Finally, the entire series, I think, taught all of us one thing, and think, taught all of us one thing, and think, taught all of us one thing, and that it's trying something new is never that it's trying something new is never that it's trying something new is never going to get old. Disney is changing so going to get old. Disney is changing so going to get old. Disney is changing so much over the next few years. It's been much over the next few years. It's been much over the next few years. It's been changing a lot. It's about to change changing a lot. It's about to change changing a lot. It's about to change even more. Disney has new experiences to even more. Disney has new experiences to even more. Disney has new experiences to offer every single time you go. I'm offer every single time you go. I'm offer every single time you go. I'm there roughly every other month at this there roughly every other month at this there roughly every other month at this point in my life, and there is something point in my life, and there is something point in my life, and there is something new every single time I'm there. The new every single time I'm there. The new every single time I'm there. The same is probably true for you. Even if same is probably true for you. Even if same is probably true for you. Even if you've been there a hundred times, the you've been there a hundred times, the you've been there a hundred times, the best parts of Disney World are best parts of Disney World are best parts of Disney World are oftentimes the things that you've never oftentimes the things that you've never oftentimes the things that you've never tried or the things that you've never tried or the things that you've never tried or the things that you've never cared to do. Whether it's classic, brand cared to do. Whether it's classic, brand cared to do. Whether it's classic, brand new, limited time, um, or even just like new, limited time, um, or even just like new, limited time, um, or even just like a new walking path, like anything that a new walking path, like anything that a new walking path, like anything that you can find that's a little bit of a you can find that's a little bit of a you can find that's a little bit of a mixup from your last trip is going to mixup from your last trip is going to mixup from your last trip is going to make it more exciting and special and make it more exciting and special and make it more exciting and special and memorable. There's just something like memorable. There's just something like memorable. There's just something like special and unique about discovering special and unique about discovering special and unique about discovering something new within something that you something new within something that you something new within something that you already love. It's like rereading your already love. It's like rereading your already love. It's like rereading your favorite book and grabbing a detail that favorite book and grabbing a detail that favorite book and grabbing a detail that you didn't know, but now it's like you didn't know, but now it's like you didn't know, but now it's like changed how you view the book. That's changed how you view the book. That's changed how you view the book. That's kind of what it is to go to Disney and kind of what it is to go to Disney and kind of what it is to go to Disney and try something new. And I'm not saying try something new. And I'm not saying try something new. And I'm not saying that you need to go and do some the that you need to go and do some the that you need to go and do some the entire trip different. I'm not saying entire trip different. I'm not saying entire trip different. I'm not saying that. You absolutely can do everything that. You absolutely can do everything that. You absolutely can do everything the exact same. But maybe instead of the exact same. But maybe instead of the exact same. But maybe instead of having breakfast at Satuli Canteen, have having breakfast at Satuli Canteen, have having breakfast at Satuli Canteen, have breakfast at Kusafiri. Make one little breakfast at Kusafiri. Make one little breakfast at Kusafiri. Make one little change. And I think that you're really change. And I think that you're really change. And I think that you're really going to enjoy it and you're really going to enjoy it and you're really going to enjoy it and you're really going to like it. It keeps the park going to like it. It keeps the park going to like it. It keeps the park alive. It gives you reasons to keep alive. It gives you reasons to keep alive. It gives you reasons to keep going back. And honestly, our wallets going back. And honestly, our wallets going back. And honestly, our wallets probably wish we wouldn't find reasons probably wish we wouldn't find reasons probably wish we wouldn't find reasons to go back, but I'm still searching for to go back, but I'm still searching for to go back, but I'm still searching for them and I'm still finding them. There's them and I'm still finding them. There's them and I'm still finding them. There's just something so like nice and sweet just something so like nice and sweet just something so like nice and sweet and special about trying something new. and special about trying something new. and special about trying something new. I remember the first time my mom never I remember the first time my mom never I remember the first time my mom never did the Liberty River Boat with us did the Liberty River Boat with us did the Liberty River Boat with us before it was closed. She had never done before it was closed. She had never done before it was closed. She had never done it in all the years we'd gone to Disney. it in all the years we'd gone to Disney. it in all the years we'd gone to Disney. And I even though it was not the most And I even though it was not the most And I even though it was not the most exciting attraction or not the newest exciting attraction or not the newest exciting attraction or not the newest thing in the world, she had never done thing in the world, she had never done thing in the world, she had never done it. And so I remember that vividly doing it. And so I remember that vividly doing it. And so I remember that vividly doing something new with her and doing it for something new with her and doing it for something new with her and doing it for the first time. I think there are so the first time. I think there are so the first time. I think there are so many different ways to reexperience and many different ways to reexperience and many different ways to reexperience and rediscover your love for Disney World, rediscover your love for Disney World, rediscover your love for Disney World, and that is the number one way to do it, and that is the number one way to do it, and that is the number one way to do it, which is trying something new. That's which is trying something new. That's which is trying something new. That's the best of the best. It's a little bit the best of the best. It's a little bit the best of the best. It's a little bit of everything. It's a little bit of of everything. It's a little bit of of everything. It's a little bit of discovering who you are and all the new discovering who you are and all the new discovering who you are and all the new things. Now, if you made it this far, go things. Now, if you made it this far, go things. Now, if you made it this far, go ahead and comment this secret code below ahead and comment this secret code below ahead and comment this secret code below so I know that you made it and that you so I know that you made it and that you so I know that you made it and that you also learned all the best, too. Now, if also learned all the best, too. Now, if also learned all the best, too. Now, if you want, you can go ahead and like and you want, you can go ahead and like and you want, you can go ahead and like and subscribe. It does really help us out. subscribe. It does really help us out. subscribe. It does really help us out. We do theme park and beyond tips, We do theme park and beyond tips, We do theme park and beyond tips, tricks, and hacks almost every single tricks, and hacks almost every single tricks, and hacks almost every single day of the week. Why? Because we're day of the week. Why? Because we're day of the week. Why? Because we're serious about fun. Bye.
