---
video_id: tqtdk_CxfWA
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Why Everyone Will Love Disney World In 2026"
published: 2025-12-16
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqtdk_CxfWA
---
The parks are changing and the Disney The parks are changing and the Disney The parks are changing and the Disney World you know and love just might be World you know and love just might be World you know and love just might be gone forever. gone forever. gone forever. &gt;&gt; Forever. &gt;&gt; Forever. &gt;&gt; Forever. &gt;&gt; So if people hate a 2026 Disney World, &gt;&gt; So if people hate a 2026 Disney World, &gt;&gt; So if people hate a 2026 Disney World, this is why. What's new? this is why. What's new? this is why. What's new? &gt;&gt; 2026 is a big year for Disney. &gt;&gt; 2026 is a big year for Disney. &gt;&gt; 2026 is a big year for Disney. &gt;&gt; I got diagnosed with sleep apnea and I &gt;&gt; I got diagnosed with sleep apnea and I &gt;&gt; I got diagnosed with sleep apnea and I was [music] prescribed a CPAT machine. was [music] prescribed a CPAT machine. was [music] prescribed a CPAT machine. There's a lot happening. What do you There's a lot happening. What do you There's a lot happening. What do you think of all the changes coming [music] think of all the changes coming [music] think of all the changes coming [music] to Disney World? This is unprecedented to Disney World? This is unprecedented to Disney World? This is unprecedented levels of change I feel. levels of change I feel. levels of change I feel. &gt;&gt; Is that how you [music] feel? &gt;&gt; Is that how you [music] feel? &gt;&gt; Is that how you [music] feel? &gt;&gt; Hate, love. Who's to say? &gt;&gt; Hate, love. Who's to say? &gt;&gt; Hate, love. Who's to say? &gt;&gt; Let's talk about 2026. Is this This is &gt;&gt; Let's talk about 2026. Is this This is &gt;&gt; Let's talk about 2026. Is this This is what you wanted me to talk about, right? what you wanted me to talk about, right? what you wanted me to talk about, right? &gt;&gt; Rock and Roll the Coaster is changing &gt;&gt; Rock and Roll the Coaster is changing &gt;&gt; Rock and Roll the Coaster is changing big time. Aerosmith is out. The Muppets big time. Aerosmith is out. The Muppets big time. Aerosmith is out. The Muppets are in. are in. are in. &gt;&gt; Some people are really happy with this. &gt;&gt; Some people are really happy with this. &gt;&gt; Some people are really happy with this. I don't know if I've heard of many I don't know if I've heard of many I don't know if I've heard of many people being upset. A lot of people feel people being upset. A lot of people feel people being upset. A lot of people feel like uh they're putting a band-aid over like uh they're putting a band-aid over like uh they're putting a band-aid over the Muppet fandom because we did lose the Muppet fandom because we did lose the Muppet fandom because we did lose Muppet Vision 3D, which was a huge upset Muppet Vision 3D, which was a huge upset Muppet Vision 3D, which was a huge upset to make way for Monsters Inc., but um to make way for Monsters Inc., but um to make way for Monsters Inc., but um they're giving us this like new Muppet they're giving us this like new Muppet they're giving us this like new Muppet Rock and Roller Coaster. Rock and Roller Coaster. Rock and Roller Coaster. &gt;&gt; Rock and Roller Coaster is getting a &gt;&gt; Rock and Roller Coaster is getting a &gt;&gt; Rock and Roller Coaster is getting a rethe to be Rock and Roller Coaster rethe to be Rock and Roller Coaster rethe to be Rock and Roller Coaster starring the Muppets instead of Rock and starring the Muppets instead of Rock and starring the Muppets instead of Rock and Roller Coaster starring Aerosmith. Roller Coaster starring Aerosmith. Roller Coaster starring Aerosmith. Because when you think of the biggest Because when you think of the biggest Because when you think of the biggest rock bands of all time, the first two rock bands of all time, the first two rock bands of all time, the first two that pop in your head are Aerosmith and that pop in your head are Aerosmith and that pop in your head are Aerosmith and the Muppets. the Muppets. the Muppets. &gt;&gt; It does concern me a little bit that &gt;&gt; It does concern me a little bit that &gt;&gt; It does concern me a little bit that Disney said uh the Muppets along with Disney said uh the Muppets along with Disney said uh the Muppets along with today's top artists. today's top artists. today's top artists. &gt;&gt; I think Disney has kept the music vague &gt;&gt; I think Disney has kept the music vague &gt;&gt; I think Disney has kept the music vague intentionally because when they intentionally because when they intentionally because when they announced it, they also did not know. I announced it, they also did not know. I announced it, they also did not know. I think it would be really cool if they think it would be really cool if they think it would be really cool if they could rotate through a lot of different could rotate through a lot of different could rotate through a lot of different like popular artists every few months or like popular artists every few months or like popular artists every few months or like once a year. like once a year. like once a year. &gt;&gt; I have a really hard time believing that &gt;&gt; I have a really hard time believing that &gt;&gt; I have a really hard time believing that it's going to be any sort of music it's going to be any sort of music it's going to be any sort of music that's not Disney owned. that's not Disney owned. that's not Disney owned. &gt;&gt; Who do I wish it was? Queen. That's &gt;&gt; Who do I wish it was? Queen. That's &gt;&gt; Who do I wish it was? Queen. That's easy. I wish it was Queen. Can you easy. I wish it was Queen. Can you easy. I wish it was Queen. Can you imagine? Oh my gosh. There could be You imagine? Oh my gosh. There could be You imagine? Oh my gosh. There could be You could do any Queen song would rock on could do any Queen song would rock on could do any Queen song would rock on Rock and Roller Coaster. I personally Rock and Roller Coaster. I personally Rock and Roller Coaster. I personally hope the top artists are like Sabrina hope the top artists are like Sabrina hope the top artists are like Sabrina Carpenter. Sabrina is really doing a lot Carpenter. Sabrina is really doing a lot Carpenter. Sabrina is really doing a lot with the Muppets right now. During her with the Muppets right now. During her with the Muppets right now. During her last show of her short and sweet tour, last show of her short and sweet tour, last show of her short and sweet tour, she arrested Miss Piggy. That was the she arrested Miss Piggy. That was the she arrested Miss Piggy. That was the celebrity guest was Miss Piggy. And then celebrity guest was Miss Piggy. And then celebrity guest was Miss Piggy. And then she also is hosting the Muppets 70th she also is hosting the Muppets 70th she also is hosting the Muppets 70th anniversary special that they're doing. anniversary special that they're doing. anniversary special that they're doing. So I I would love to see someone like So I I would love to see someone like So I I would love to see someone like Sabrina like a true Today's Top Artist. Sabrina like a true Today's Top Artist. Sabrina like a true Today's Top Artist. &gt;&gt; Chapel Ran. Is Chapel Ran on this? Is &gt;&gt; Chapel Ran. Is Chapel Ran on this? Is &gt;&gt; Chapel Ran. Is Chapel Ran on this? Is Sabrina Carpenter on this? because that Sabrina Carpenter on this? because that Sabrina Carpenter on this? because that would be cool. Let's not forget the would be cool. Let's not forget the would be cool. Let's not forget the living legends. The still relevant, very living legends. The still relevant, very living legends. The still relevant, very relevant Lady Gaga. She's done a Muppet relevant Lady Gaga. She's done a Muppet relevant Lady Gaga. She's done a Muppet special. Is Lady Gaga coming to do a special. Is Lady Gaga coming to do a special. Is Lady Gaga coming to do a duet? Give us like some Little Richard. duet? Give us like some Little Richard. duet? Give us like some Little Richard. That'd be fun. Good girl and Miss Molly That'd be fun. Good girl and Miss Molly That'd be fun. Good girl and Miss Molly and have like, you know, have the and have like, you know, have the and have like, you know, have the Muppets sing it. Like what if the Muppets sing it. Like what if the Muppets sing it. Like what if the Muppets just did covers of like great Muppets just did covers of like great Muppets just did covers of like great rock and roll songs? I think that would rock and roll songs? I think that would rock and roll songs? I think that would be so cool, right? That would be so much be so cool, right? That would be so much be so cool, right? That would be so much fun. fun. fun. &gt;&gt; I am very excited for this. Sarin Around &gt;&gt; I am very excited for this. Sarin Around &gt;&gt; I am very excited for this. Sarin Around the World is going to become Saurin the World is going to become Saurin the World is going to become Saurin Across America for America's 250th Across America for America's 250th Across America for America's 250th birthday. And I think that's amazing. birthday. And I think that's amazing. birthday. And I think that's amazing. And I don't know why they haven't done And I don't know why they haven't done And I don't know why they haven't done this before. Texas better be represented this before. Texas better be represented this before. Texas better be represented or else I will be calling Disney myself. or else I will be calling Disney myself. or else I will be calling Disney myself. Okay. Okay. Okay. You have to have the Lone Star State in You have to have the Lone Star State in You have to have the Lone Star State in there. there. there. &gt;&gt; Well, there's a new mission on Mission &gt;&gt; Well, there's a new mission on Mission &gt;&gt; Well, there's a new mission on Mission Space. No, [laughter] it's not mission Space. No, [laughter] it's not mission Space. No, [laughter] it's not mission space. space. space. Can you imagine? Millennium Falcon Can you imagine? Millennium Falcon Can you imagine? Millennium Falcon Smugglers Run is also getting in on the Smugglers Run is also getting in on the Smugglers Run is also getting in on the changes this year, which is very changes this year, which is very changes this year, which is very exciting. I exciting. I exciting. I &gt;&gt; I think I would be very excited by that. &gt;&gt; I think I would be very excited by that. &gt;&gt; I think I would be very excited by that. It's like you're not going to Mars It's like you're not going to Mars It's like you're not going to Mars today. Today, you're going to Uranus. today. Today, you're going to Uranus. today. Today, you're going to Uranus. &gt;&gt; It will be a little bit of a new story &gt;&gt; It will be a little bit of a new story &gt;&gt; It will be a little bit of a new story where instead of, [music] you know, kind where instead of, [music] you know, kind where instead of, [music] you know, kind of the classic Hondo, you're getting the of the classic Hondo, you're getting the of the classic Hondo, you're getting the coaxium chewies there. It'll be similar, coaxium chewies there. It'll be similar, coaxium chewies there. It'll be similar, but also Grou and Mando will be there. but also Grou and Mando will be there. but also Grou and Mando will be there. &gt;&gt; Are you ready? Get ready. Okay, you're &gt;&gt; Are you ready? Get ready. Okay, you're &gt;&gt; Are you ready? Get ready. Okay, you're ready now. We're going. ready now. We're going. ready now. We're going. &gt;&gt; And it's been really interesting to hear &gt;&gt; And it's been really interesting to hear &gt;&gt; And it's been really interesting to hear Disney talk about how they're working Disney talk about how they're working Disney talk about how they're working with Epic Games to make the five screens with Epic Games to make the five screens with Epic Games to make the five screens interact as if one it was one screen interact as if one it was one screen interact as if one it was one screen like when you're gaming at home. I like when you're gaming at home. I like when you're gaming at home. I really like that as a new gamer myself. really like that as a new gamer myself. really like that as a new gamer myself. I think that's really interesting that I think that's really interesting that I think that's really interesting that they're working together in that aspect. they're working together in that aspect. they're working together in that aspect. And the engineer role historically the And the engineer role historically the And the engineer role historically the worst seat to get on that ride because worst seat to get on that ride because worst seat to get on that ride because all you do is press a few buttons all you do is press a few buttons all you do is press a few buttons instead of getting to like shoot the instead of getting to like shoot the instead of getting to like shoot the guns or steer the ship. guns or steer the ship. guns or steer the ship. &gt;&gt; All right. I guess I'll be the engineer. &gt;&gt; All right. I guess I'll be the engineer. &gt;&gt; All right. I guess I'll be the engineer. The engineer will now choose where you The engineer will now choose where you The engineer will now choose where you go when you're on the ride. So, it makes go when you're on the ride. So, it makes go when you're on the ride. So, it makes the engineer roll way better. the engineer roll way better. the engineer roll way better. &gt;&gt; Big Thunder Mountain Railroad is coming &gt;&gt; Big Thunder Mountain Railroad is coming &gt;&gt; Big Thunder Mountain Railroad is coming back as well as Buzz Lightyear Space back as well as Buzz Lightyear Space back as well as Buzz Lightyear Space [music] Ranger Spin. Uh, pumped for both [music] Ranger Spin. Uh, pumped for both [music] Ranger Spin. Uh, pumped for both of those to come back just because I of those to come back just because I of those to come back just because I love a good update. love a good update. love a good update. &gt;&gt; Oh, you want my best wildest ride in the &gt;&gt; Oh, you want my best wildest ride in the &gt;&gt; Oh, you want my best wildest ride in the wilderness? Oh, goodness. [cough] wilderness? Oh, goodness. [cough] wilderness? Oh, goodness. [cough] [snorts] I'm coming at you and I'm looking my I'm coming at you and I'm looking my I'm coming at you and I'm looking my best. Wildest ride in the wilderness. best. Wildest ride in the wilderness. best. Wildest ride in the wilderness. I have to embarrass myself. Okay. I have to embarrass myself. Okay. I have to embarrass myself. Okay. Wildest ride in the wilderness. Wildest ride in the wilderness. Wildest ride in the wilderness. That's not how he says wilderness, but I That's not how he says wilderness, but I That's not how he says wilderness, but I do think it is how he should. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. I made him leave the room because I I made him leave the room because I I made him leave the room because I don't like to embarrass myself. Okay. don't like to embarrass myself. Okay. don't like to embarrass myself. Okay. [clears throat] Look at me. I'm a star. [clears throat] Look at me. I'm a star. [clears throat] Look at me. I'm a star. Wee wee. Wee wee. Wee wee. I'm a roller coaster going far. I'm a roller coaster going far. I'm a roller coaster going far. &gt;&gt; Hold on. I have to get in get in the &gt;&gt; Hold on. I have to get in get in the &gt;&gt; Hold on. I have to get in get in the mind space. If you guys think my anxiety mind space. If you guys think my anxiety mind space. If you guys think my anxiety is fake, this is a good example. It's is fake, this is a good example. It's is fake, this is a good example. It's very real. Made him leave the room. I very real. Made him leave the room. I very real. Made him leave the room. I don't want to do it. don't want to do it. don't want to do it. [screaming] This here is the wildest ride in the This here is the wildest ride in the This here is the wildest ride in the wilderness. wilderness. wilderness. You kind of have to have a little sh, You kind of have to have a little sh, You kind of have to have a little sh, you know, on the back of your teeth. Sh. you know, on the back of your teeth. Sh. you know, on the back of your teeth. Sh. IT'S THE WILDEST RIDE IN THE WILDERNESS. IT'S THE WILDEST RIDE IN THE WILDERNESS. IT'S THE WILDEST RIDE IN THE WILDERNESS. That was really bad, but it's my best. That was really bad, but it's my best. That was really bad, but it's my best. Buzz Light Your Space Ranger Spin is not Buzz Light Your Space Ranger Spin is not Buzz Light Your Space Ranger Spin is not my favorite ride. It is so hard to hit my favorite ride. It is so hard to hit my favorite ride. It is so hard to hit those little targets with those little those little targets with those little those little targets with those little blasters. And it's always been that you blasters. And it's always been that you blasters. And it's always been that you just like you learn what the high value just like you learn what the high value just like you learn what the high value targets are and then you can get good at targets are and then you can get good at targets are and then you can get good at maxing your score and otherwise you're maxing your score and otherwise you're maxing your score and otherwise you're probably not going to score that high probably not going to score that high probably not going to score that high and [music] it's super like jerky to and [music] it's super like jerky to and [music] it's super like jerky to spin and the blasters are very hard to spin and the blasters are very hard to spin and the blasters are very hard to aim. They're updating the blasters. aim. They're updating the blasters. aim. They're updating the blasters. There are really fun blasters on some There are really fun blasters on some There are really fun blasters on some buzz rides around the world. So, I just buzz rides around the world. So, I just buzz rides around the world. So, I just think this is going to be a big plus up, think this is going to be a big plus up, think this is going to be a big plus up, too, and not change the character of the too, and not change the character of the too, and not change the character of the ride. It's win-win. I love a plus up ride. It's win-win. I love a plus up ride. It's win-win. I love a plus up that doesn't change the character of a that doesn't change the character of a that doesn't change the character of a ride. I like big animatronic changes are ride. I like big animatronic changes are ride. I like big animatronic changes are also coming, which I am obsessed with. I also coming, which I am obsessed with. I also coming, which I am obsessed with. I love a Disney animatronic. I'm super love a Disney animatronic. I'm super love a Disney animatronic. I'm super excited about these. So, the first is excited about these. So, the first is excited about these. So, the first is going to come to Carousel of Progress. going to come to Carousel of Progress. going to come to Carousel of Progress. It is also getting some much needed TLC. It is also getting some much needed TLC. It is also getting some much needed TLC. &gt;&gt; All I got to say is I'm pumped. I'm &gt;&gt; All I got to say is I'm pumped. I'm &gt;&gt; All I got to say is I'm pumped. I'm pumped for Walt Disney to come to the pumped for Walt Disney to come to the pumped for Walt Disney to come to the Carousel of Progress. Carousel of Progress. Carousel of Progress. &gt;&gt; Am I happy they made an animatronic of &gt;&gt; Am I happy they made an animatronic of &gt;&gt; Am I happy they made an animatronic of Walt Disney? Walt Disney? Walt Disney? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; There there's got to be some like &gt;&gt; There there's got to be some like &gt;&gt; There there's got to be some like nostalgic part of you that's like, "Wow, nostalgic part of you that's like, "Wow, nostalgic part of you that's like, "Wow, that's so cool. Like Walt Disney is like that's so cool. Like Walt Disney is like that's so cool. Like Walt Disney is like welcoming [music] me to the Carousel of welcoming [music] me to the Carousel of welcoming [music] me to the Carousel of Progress." And Progress." And Progress." And &gt;&gt; the Walt animatronic in Disneyland has &gt;&gt; the Walt animatronic in Disneyland has &gt;&gt; the Walt animatronic in Disneyland has been contentious. [music] People have been contentious. [music] People have been contentious. [music] People have been like, "Ah, he doesn't really look been like, "Ah, he doesn't really look been like, "Ah, he doesn't really look like him." Or it's like kind of creepy. like him." Or it's like kind of creepy. like him." Or it's like kind of creepy. I was on the fence, but I was I was on the fence, but I was I was on the fence, but I was withholding judgment till I saw it in withholding judgment till I saw it in withholding judgment till I saw it in person. [music] I did see it in person person. [music] I did see it in person person. [music] I did see it in person when I was drinking around Disneyland when I was drinking around Disneyland when I was drinking around Disneyland and I loved it. I thought it was so I and I loved it. I thought it was so I and I loved it. I thought it was so I thought it was such a well done show. I thought it was such a well done show. I thought it was such a well done show. I thought the little movie and the thought the little movie and the thought the little movie and the animatronic were both um very nice animatronic were both um very nice animatronic were both um very nice tributes to Walt and his legacy. And I tributes to Walt and his legacy. And I tributes to Walt and his legacy. And I thought that it was really magical to thought that it was really magical to thought that it was really magical to see Walt in this animatronic form up on see Walt in this animatronic form up on see Walt in this animatronic form up on stage um in this like art form that he stage um in this like art form that he stage um in this like art form that he helped pioneer. He's now been helped pioneer. He's now been helped pioneer. He's now been immortalized in it. I liked the immortalized in it. I liked the immortalized in it. I liked the animatronic a lot. Am I happy with the animatronic a lot. Am I happy with the animatronic a lot. Am I happy with the animatronic they made of Walt Disney? It's got room for improvement. It's got room for improvement. It's got room for improvement. &gt;&gt; Frozen Never After is also getting some &gt;&gt; Frozen Never After is also getting some &gt;&gt; Frozen Never After is also getting some much needed and very exciting updates. much needed and very exciting updates. much needed and very exciting updates. The animatronics in that are being The animatronics in that are being The animatronics in that are being replaced with the ones like we have seen replaced with the ones like we have seen replaced with the ones like we have seen over in Hong Kong Disney. the head over in Hong Kong Disney. the head over in Hong Kong Disney. the head itself right now just looks like a mold itself right now just looks like a mold itself right now just looks like a mold of a face and there's like a little tiny of a face and there's like a little tiny of a face and there's like a little tiny projector in the in [music] the actual projector in the in [music] the actual projector in the in [music] the actual animatronic itself that essentially is animatronic itself that essentially is animatronic itself that essentially is projecting from behind all the details projecting from behind all the details projecting from behind all the details of the face. So all the mouth movements, of the face. So all the mouth movements, of the face. So all the mouth movements, all the eye like opening and closing all all the eye like opening and closing all all the eye like opening and closing all the all the wrinkles, things like that. the all the wrinkles, things like that. the all the wrinkles, things like that. &gt;&gt; I think this is going to be awesome. I'm &gt;&gt; I think this is going to be awesome. I'm &gt;&gt; I think this is going to be awesome. I'm so happy that we're getting that here in so happy that we're getting that here in so happy that we're getting that here in Disney World. I'm sad that Frozen Ever Disney World. I'm sad that Frozen Ever Disney World. I'm sad that Frozen Ever After is going to close, both because I After is going to close, both because I After is going to close, both because I like to ride that ride all the time and like to ride that ride all the time and like to ride that ride all the time and because it means that the 45minute long because it means that the 45minute long because it means that the 45minute long line of people will now be out elsewhere line of people will now be out elsewhere line of people will now be out elsewhere in Epcot until it [music] reopens. Um, in Epcot until it [music] reopens. Um, in Epcot until it [music] reopens. Um, but hopefully it's not too long. but hopefully it's not too long. but hopefully it's not too long. &gt;&gt; Okay, I'm so excited about the castle &gt;&gt; Okay, I'm so excited about the castle &gt;&gt; Okay, I'm so excited about the castle returning to its former glory. Okay, returning to its former glory. Okay, returning to its former glory. Okay, that legendary Cinderella gray, silver, that legendary Cinderella gray, silver, that legendary Cinderella gray, silver, and blue is coming back to the castle. and blue is coming back to the castle. and blue is coming back to the castle. And let me just say, okay, y'all tried And let me just say, okay, y'all tried And let me just say, okay, y'all tried to copy us, okay? Okay, Sleeping Beauty to copy us, okay? Okay, Sleeping Beauty to copy us, okay? Okay, Sleeping Beauty is pink and blue. That's the Disneyland is pink and blue. That's the Disneyland is pink and blue. That's the Disneyland castle. Cindy, you got to be yourself, castle. Cindy, you got to be yourself, castle. Cindy, you got to be yourself, girl. It was shocking to see that paint, girl. It was shocking to see that paint, girl. It was shocking to see that paint, that pink go up. And we were all like at that pink go up. And we were all like at that pink go up. And we were all like at first, oh, it's just a prime primer. first, oh, it's just a prime primer. first, oh, it's just a prime primer. they have to, you know, they're probably they have to, you know, they're probably they have to, you know, they're probably priming it because whatever color they priming it because whatever color they priming it because whatever color they put on top, you know, they they want it put on top, you know, they they want it put on top, you know, they they want it to glow through or they're color to glow through or they're color to glow through or they're color correcting or whatever. And then it correcting or whatever. And then it correcting or whatever. And then it never did change. They added some pretty never did change. They added some pretty never did change. They added some pretty pearl to it. It was like a gold pearl on pearl to it. It was like a gold pearl on pearl to it. It was like a gold pearl on top of the calamine lotion pink. top of the calamine lotion pink. top of the calamine lotion pink. &gt;&gt; But the more that I've seen it, I like &gt;&gt; But the more that I've seen it, I like &gt;&gt; But the more that I've seen it, I like it. I like the pink and the blue. it. I like the pink and the blue. it. I like the pink and the blue. I did not realize that this was I did not realize that this was I did not realize that this was something I was craving in my bones and something I was craving in my bones and something I was craving in my bones and something I was like really seeking in something I was like really seeking in something I was like really seeking in life and something I needed on a life and something I needed on a life and something I needed on a personal front until they announced at personal front until they announced at personal front until they announced at D23 and then I realized, oh my gosh, D23 and then I realized, oh my gosh, D23 and then I realized, oh my gosh, this is what's been wrong with my life. this is what's been wrong with my life. this is what's been wrong with my life. The castle's been pink. Duh. That's what The castle's been pink. Duh. That's what The castle's been pink. Duh. That's what I needed fixed. The pink looks good, but I needed fixed. The pink looks good, but I needed fixed. The pink looks good, but it doesn't feel to me like Cinderella it doesn't feel to me like Cinderella it doesn't feel to me like Cinderella Castle. It has had this like different Castle. It has had this like different Castle. It has had this like different feel. So, I actually am very like feel. So, I actually am very like feel. So, I actually am very like nostalgically and honestly emotionally nostalgically and honestly emotionally nostalgically and honestly emotionally excited about them painting it back to excited about them painting it back to excited about them painting it back to what was my Cinderella castle as a what was my Cinderella castle as a what was my Cinderella castle as a little kid. So, it's selfish and if you little kid. So, it's selfish and if you little kid. So, it's selfish and if you like the pink, I'm sorry, but I'm very, like the pink, I'm sorry, but I'm very, like the pink, I'm sorry, but I'm very, very excited about this change. very excited about this change. very excited about this change. &gt;&gt; Be yourself. There's a lot of &gt;&gt; Be yourself. There's a lot of &gt;&gt; Be yourself. There's a lot of construction going on, y'all. Between construction going on, y'all. Between construction going on, y'all. Between [clears throat] Dino Land, between, you [clears throat] Dino Land, between, you [clears throat] Dino Land, between, you know, Frontier Land, Villains Land, know, Frontier Land, Villains Land, know, Frontier Land, Villains Land, we've got construction happening around we've got construction happening around we've got construction happening around the clock at Disney World. dinosaur. I the clock at Disney World. dinosaur. I the clock at Disney World. dinosaur. I love I'm not happy about this one. love I'm not happy about this one. love I'm not happy about this one. [sighs and gasps] [sighs and gasps] [sighs and gasps] &gt;&gt; This is like This is like the inmemoriam &gt;&gt; This is like This is like the inmemoriam &gt;&gt; This is like This is like the inmemoriam [music] [music] [music] section of the video where we like talk section of the video where we like talk section of the video where we like talk about all the things that are about all the things that are about all the things that are buming us out. buming us out. buming us out. &gt;&gt; I love dinosaur. It is one of my &gt;&gt; I love dinosaur. It is one of my &gt;&gt; I love dinosaur. It is one of my favorite rides in Disney World. I was favorite rides in Disney World. I was favorite rides in Disney World. I was not able to appreciate it until much not able to appreciate it until much not able to appreciate it until much later in life. And now that I've later in life. And now that I've later in life. And now that I've discovered what it means to love discovered what it means to love discovered what it means to love dinosaur, I love dinosaur. dinosaur, I love dinosaur. dinosaur, I love dinosaur. &gt;&gt; Poor poor Dino Land. There are some true &gt;&gt; Poor poor Dino Land. There are some true &gt;&gt; Poor poor Dino Land. There are some true Dino Land fans in this team right in our Dino Land fans in this team right in our Dino Land fans in this team right in our cast. Like I know Bree Love is a ride or cast. Like I know Bree Love is a ride or cast. Like I know Bree Love is a ride or dino. Dinosaur is a dinosaur themed dino. Dinosaur is a dinosaur themed dino. Dinosaur is a dinosaur themed attraction where you can go back in time attraction where you can go back in time attraction where you can go back in time to the time of the dinosaurs. It is to the time of the dinosaurs. It is to the time of the dinosaurs. It is hokey. It is so 90s early 2000s. And for hokey. It is so 90s early 2000s. And for hokey. It is so 90s early 2000s. And for a long time it was my favorite ride in a long time it was my favorite ride in a long time it was my favorite ride in Disney World because I considered it to Disney World because I considered it to Disney World because I considered it to be like actually legitimately thrilling. be like actually legitimately thrilling. be like actually legitimately thrilling. So, as a teen, this was my peak So, as a teen, this was my peak So, as a teen, this was my peak attraction. attraction. attraction. &gt;&gt; Now, the reason Dinosaur the attraction &gt;&gt; Now, the reason Dinosaur the attraction &gt;&gt; Now, the reason Dinosaur the attraction is going away is because Dinoand USA, is going away is because Dinoand USA, is going away is because Dinoand USA, the entire land is going away to make the entire land is going away to make the entire land is going away to make way for the tropical America. They call way for the tropical America. They call way for the tropical America. They call it Project Tropical Americas. it Project Tropical Americas. it Project Tropical Americas. &gt;&gt; This land is going to involve IPs, &gt;&gt; This land is going to involve IPs, &gt;&gt; This land is going to involve IPs, intellectual properties from Enkanto and intellectual properties from Enkanto and intellectual properties from Enkanto and from Indiana Jones, which I'm really from Indiana Jones, which I'm really from Indiana Jones, which I'm really excited about. Um, I'm cautiously excited about. Um, I'm cautiously excited about. Um, I'm cautiously optimistic. I think I've already said optimistic. I think I've already said optimistic. I think I've already said that. But the whispers of what is that. But the whispers of what is that. But the whispers of what is coming, I'm I'm I'm coming, I'm I'm I'm coming, I'm I'm I'm excited. While this construction is excited. While this construction is excited. While this construction is happening though, woo, Animal Kingdom, happening though, woo, Animal Kingdom, happening though, woo, Animal Kingdom, boy oh boy, there already wasn't a lot boy oh boy, there already wasn't a lot boy oh boy, there already wasn't a lot going on rides wise in Animal Kingdom going on rides wise in Animal Kingdom going on rides wise in Animal Kingdom and this is just I mean two are out and this is just I mean two are out and this is just I mean two are out until the construction is done on until the construction is done on until the construction is done on Tropical Americas. So, it's definitely Tropical Americas. So, it's definitely Tropical Americas. So, it's definitely making this park more of a half day park making this park more of a half day park making this park more of a half day park again. People used to say, "Oh, it's not again. People used to say, "Oh, it's not again. People used to say, "Oh, it's not a half-day park. It is now." It is now a half-day park. It is now." It is now a half-day park. It is now." It is now because you can do everything in 2 hours because you can do everything in 2 hours because you can do everything in 2 hours and then leave. and then leave. and then leave. &gt;&gt; I think it's going to be tough to &gt;&gt; I think it's going to be tough to &gt;&gt; I think it's going to be tough to convince your friends to go to Animal convince your friends to go to Animal convince your friends to go to Animal Kingdom for a long time. Because I know Kingdom for a long time. Because I know Kingdom for a long time. Because I know I wouldn't want to pay for a ticket for I wouldn't want to pay for a ticket for I wouldn't want to pay for a ticket for a park that's basically half open. While a park that's basically half open. While a park that's basically half open. While this construction is going on, I this construction is going on, I this construction is going on, I actually do recommend giving yourself a actually do recommend giving yourself a actually do recommend giving yourself a half day in Animal Kingdom, but making half day in Animal Kingdom, but making half day in Animal Kingdom, but making the other half of your day a park that the other half of your day a park that the other half of your day a park that you have other time in if possible. you have other time in if possible. you have other time in if possible. Well, obviously, I know some folks do Well, obviously, I know some folks do Well, obviously, I know some folks do probably splitting Animal Kingdom with probably splitting Animal Kingdom with probably splitting Animal Kingdom with Hollywood Studios or Epcot. But if you Hollywood Studios or Epcot. But if you Hollywood Studios or Epcot. But if you have 4 days, split Animal Kingdom with a have 4 days, split Animal Kingdom with a have 4 days, split Animal Kingdom with a park that you have like a whole other park that you have like a whole other park that you have like a whole other day in or make it a flex afternoon or a day in or make it a flex afternoon or a day in or make it a flex afternoon or a rest afternoon. That way, if you do find rest afternoon. That way, if you do find rest afternoon. That way, if you do find yourself having fun, seeing the shows, yourself having fun, seeing the shows, yourself having fun, seeing the shows, maybe going and doing the animation maybe going and doing the animation maybe going and doing the animation experience that you don't feel rushed to experience that you don't feel rushed to experience that you don't feel rushed to get out of Animal Kingdom, but you can get out of Animal Kingdom, but you can get out of Animal Kingdom, but you can leave when you want to. So, if you're leave when you want to. So, if you're leave when you want to. So, if you're bored after you do all five rides first bored after you do all five rides first bored after you do all five rides first thing in the morning, then you can thing in the morning, then you can thing in the morning, then you can balance. The construction walls in balance. The construction walls in balance. The construction walls in Frontier Land are depressing. Pardon my Frontier Land are depressing. Pardon my Frontier Land are depressing. Pardon my pixie dust. You know, we always see pixie dust. You know, we always see pixie dust. You know, we always see those. We're [music] getting close to those. We're [music] getting close to those. We're [music] getting close to Big Thunder Mountain Railroad reopening. Big Thunder Mountain Railroad reopening. Big Thunder Mountain Railroad reopening. That will be so great to have that open That will be so great to have that open That will be so great to have that open again. It's not the funnest, right? It's again. It's not the funnest, right? It's again. It's not the funnest, right? It's not the greatest. The construction walls not the greatest. The construction walls not the greatest. The construction walls aren't the best to see. It can be aren't the best to see. It can be aren't the best to see. It can be annoying because there's all these annoying because there's all these annoying because there's all these routes that you have to take and these routes that you have to take and these routes that you have to take and these detours. There are a lot of construction detours. There are a lot of construction detours. There are a lot of construction walls and it has caused a new pinch walls and it has caused a new pinch walls and it has caused a new pinch point around parade time that is brutal. point around parade time that is brutal. point around parade time that is brutal. &gt;&gt; Now it feels like you're walking down a &gt;&gt; Now it feels like you're walking down a &gt;&gt; Now it feels like you're walking down a hallway because you've got the buildings hallway because you've got the buildings hallway because you've got the buildings and the attractions on one side and just and the attractions on one side and just and the attractions on one side and just like a construction wall going the like a construction wall going the like a construction wall going the entire length of this river and it can entire length of this river and it can entire length of this river and it can feel a little [music] claustrophobic. feel a little [music] claustrophobic. feel a little [music] claustrophobic. &gt;&gt; Most Disney World pinch points you're in &gt;&gt; Most Disney World pinch points you're in &gt;&gt; Most Disney World pinch points you're in really big crowds but you're at least really big crowds but you're at least really big crowds but you're at least moving. this pinch point. If you are moving. this pinch point. If you are moving. this pinch point. If you are trying to walk like in front of kind of trying to walk like in front of kind of trying to walk like in front of kind of by the stocks in front of uh Liberty by the stocks in front of uh Liberty by the stocks in front of uh Liberty Tree Tavern right after the parade, you Tree Tavern right after the parade, you Tree Tavern right after the parade, you will just be stopped. The construction will just be stopped. The construction will just be stopped. The construction walls around Frontier Land that you're walls around Frontier Land that you're walls around Frontier Land that you're going to see immediately are for Piston going to see immediately are for Piston going to see immediately are for Piston Peak, which is going to be the Cars Peak, which is going to be the Cars Peak, which is going to be the Cars Land. This one is going to be really Land. This one is going to be really Land. This one is going to be really unique. It's inspired by national parks unique. It's inspired by national parks unique. It's inspired by national parks and the movie Planes a little bit. Um so and the movie Planes a little bit. Um so and the movie Planes a little bit. Um so it's not going to be a Radiator Springs it's not going to be a Radiator Springs it's not going to be a Radiator Springs copy, which I actually was really copy, which I actually was really copy, which I actually was really excited to see. Um, I don't love a copy. excited to see. Um, I don't love a copy. excited to see. Um, I don't love a copy. I like a little something new. I like I like a little something new. I like I like a little something new. I like something a little original. So, I'm something a little original. So, I'm something a little original. So, I'm excited that they're doing that. The excited that they're doing that. The excited that they're doing that. The cars kids deserve some cars. Give them cars kids deserve some cars. Give them cars kids deserve some cars. Give them cars. cars. cars. You know, I'm not a Cars kid. Um, but if You know, I'm not a Cars kid. Um, but if You know, I'm not a Cars kid. Um, but if I was, I'd be excited about this. And I was, I'd be excited about this. And I was, I'd be excited about this. And I'm excited on behalf of the Cars Kids I'm excited on behalf of the Cars Kids I'm excited on behalf of the Cars Kids because let's all be honest. Love Tom because let's all be honest. Love Tom because let's all be honest. Love Tom Sawyer Island. I think it's important to Sawyer Island. I think it's important to Sawyer Island. I think it's important to have spaces for folks to be able to get have spaces for folks to be able to get have spaces for folks to be able to get away from the crowds. And I hope that away from the crowds. And I hope that away from the crowds. And I hope that Disney addresses the fact that they have Disney addresses the fact that they have Disney addresses the fact that they have removed a very useful one by adding some removed a very useful one by adding some removed a very useful one by adding some more spaces for folks to get away from more spaces for folks to get away from more spaces for folks to get away from the crowd and also for kids to be able the crowd and also for kids to be able the crowd and also for kids to be able to just play and get some energy out. If to just play and get some energy out. If to just play and get some energy out. If they do those things, Cara is a good they do those things, Cara is a good they do those things, Cara is a good addition and rip to the Liberty Bell addition and rip to the Liberty Bell addition and rip to the Liberty Bell because she's beautiful. But they're not because she's beautiful. But they're not because she's beautiful. But they're not dismantling her. She's somewhere. Where dismantling her. She's somewhere. Where dismantling her. She's somewhere. Where are they going to put her? Where are are they going to put her? Where are are they going to put her? Where are they putting the Liberty Bell? they putting the Liberty Bell? they putting the Liberty Bell? &gt;&gt; And of course, we're also getting a &gt;&gt; And of course, we're also getting a &gt;&gt; And of course, we're also getting a villains land which is going to be villains land which is going to be villains land which is going to be amazing. amazing. amazing. &gt;&gt; Now Disney, be honest. Y'all doing this &gt;&gt; Now Disney, be honest. Y'all doing this &gt;&gt; Now Disney, be honest. Y'all doing this villain land because villain land because villain land because another neighbor of y'alls has a sort of another neighbor of y'alls has a sort of another neighbor of y'alls has a sort of villain's land, right? Y you know what I villain's land, right? Y you know what I villain's land, right? Y you know what I mean? [laughter] mean? [laughter] mean? [laughter] I'm really excited about Villains Land. I'm really excited about Villains Land. I'm really excited about Villains Land. Villains Land is like a true expansion. Villains Land is like a true expansion. Villains Land is like a true expansion. We're not losing anything for it as far We're not losing anything for it as far We're not losing anything for it as far as we know. There's a possibility that as we know. There's a possibility that as we know. There's a possibility that we lose the train. I'm unwilling to we lose the train. I'm unwilling to we lose the train. I'm unwilling to discuss it until it's true. We better discuss it until it's true. We better discuss it until it's true. We better not lose the train. Make it make not lose the train. Make it make not lose the train. Make it make something work. They kind of beat you to something work. They kind of beat you to something work. They kind of beat you to the punch a little bit. Little Dracula, the punch a little bit. Little Dracula, the punch a little bit. Little Dracula, little Frankenstein, little Invisible little Frankenstein, little Invisible little Frankenstein, little Invisible Man, little werewolf. Man, little werewolf. Man, little werewolf. &gt;&gt; Hopefully they will take notes from &gt;&gt; Hopefully they will take notes from &gt;&gt; Hopefully they will take notes from their universal competition with Epic their universal competition with Epic their universal competition with Epic Universe and Dark Universe cuz I think Universe and Dark Universe cuz I think Universe and Dark Universe cuz I think Dark Universe was done very very well. I Dark Universe was done very very well. I Dark Universe was done very very well. I love Dark Universe and I am not into any love Dark Universe and I am not into any love Dark Universe and I am not into any of that. So, if Disney can kind of of that. So, if Disney can kind of of that. So, if Disney can kind of replicate the same thing just with their replicate the same thing just with their replicate the same thing just with their IP, I think it would be very, very well IP, I think it would be very, very well IP, I think it would be very, very well done. done. done. &gt;&gt; We see you. We see what y'all did. &gt;&gt; We see you. We see what y'all did. &gt;&gt; We see you. We see what y'all did. &gt;&gt; Oh man, there's so much construction &gt;&gt; Oh man, there's so much construction &gt;&gt; Oh man, there's so much construction going on. Construction and Hollywood going on. Construction and Hollywood going on. Construction and Hollywood Studios, Grand Avenue closed, and then Studios, Grand Avenue closed, and then Studios, Grand Avenue closed, and then also Animation Courtyard to be turned also Animation Courtyard to be turned also Animation Courtyard to be turned into the Walt Disney Animation Studios. into the Walt Disney Animation Studios. into the Walt Disney Animation Studios. Muppets Courtyard Muppets Courtyard Muppets Courtyard makes me physically sick to look at. I makes me physically sick to look at. I makes me physically sick to look at. I know many of us are very, very know many of us are very, very know many of us are very, very devastated. But once again, I will say devastated. But once again, I will say devastated. But once again, I will say The Muppets, The Muppets, The Muppets, not my favorite IP. not my favorite IP. not my favorite IP. &gt;&gt; You guys know if you've been following, &gt;&gt; You guys know if you've been following, &gt;&gt; You guys know if you've been following, if you haven't, you're learning now that if you haven't, you're learning now that if you haven't, you're learning now that [music] that was my happy place. That [music] that was my happy place. That [music] that was my happy place. That was where I just felt at home. And to was where I just felt at home. And to was where I just felt at home. And to lose that is sickening, and I don't lose that is sickening, and I don't lose that is sickening, and I don't really want to talk about it. I like really want to talk about it. I like really want to talk about it. I like Monsters, Inc., sure. Monsters, Inc., sure. Monsters, Inc., sure. &gt;&gt; So, I'm not that upset about this. I &gt;&gt; So, I'm not that upset about this. I &gt;&gt; So, I'm not that upset about this. I feel like this is the first time I'm feel like this is the first time I'm feel like this is the first time I'm admitting it. admitting it. admitting it. &gt;&gt; But for Muppets, no. I think &gt;&gt; But for Muppets, no. I think &gt;&gt; But for Muppets, no. I think underutilized. I think Muppets are so underutilized. I think Muppets are so underutilized. I think Muppets are so severely underutilized. And as much as I severely underutilized. And as much as I severely underutilized. And as much as I love Monsters, Inc., who's been asking love Monsters, Inc., who's been asking love Monsters, Inc., who's been asking for this? I the Monsters Inc. kid. It's for this? I the Monsters Inc. kid. It's for this? I the Monsters Inc. kid. It's one of my top five Pixar movies. I'm one of my top five Pixar movies. I'm one of my top five Pixar movies. I'm very excited for Monstropolis. And I very excited for Monstropolis. And I very excited for Monstropolis. And I don't think anybody's upset about Star don't think anybody's upset about Star don't think anybody's upset about Star Wars Launch Bay going. That was a Wars Launch Bay going. That was a Wars Launch Bay going. That was a massive dead use of space at this point massive dead use of space at this point massive dead use of space at this point outside of the meet and greets, which outside of the meet and greets, which outside of the meet and greets, which they have just relocated. So Star Wars they have just relocated. So Star Wars they have just relocated. So Star Wars Launch Bay is now going to be this Launch Bay is now going to be this Launch Bay is now going to be this awesome animation studios. My big awesome animation studios. My big awesome animation studios. My big fingers crossed for this is that they do fingers crossed for this is that they do fingers crossed for this is that they do animation classes in the style of animation classes in the style of animation classes in the style of Disneyland where they do the drawing Disneyland where they do the drawing Disneyland where they do the drawing classes with the characters, but they classes with the characters, but they classes with the characters, but they actually have schedules and there's like actually have schedules and there's like actually have schedules and there's like different difficulty levels where you different difficulty levels where you different difficulty levels where you can learn to draw all different Disney can learn to draw all different Disney can learn to draw all different Disney characters. Um whereas in Disney World characters. Um whereas in Disney World characters. Um whereas in Disney World when you go to the animation class in when you go to the animation class in when you go to the animation class in Animal Kingdom, you pretty much go in Animal Kingdom, you pretty much go in Animal Kingdom, you pretty much go in and there's the character of the day or and there's the character of the day or and there's the character of the day or whatever and you're drawing it and it's whatever and you're drawing it and it's whatever and you're drawing it and it's always a similar difficulty level. But always a similar difficulty level. But always a similar difficulty level. But Disneyland, there's all different ones Disneyland, there's all different ones Disneyland, there's all different ones and you can see the schedule and pick and you can see the schedule and pick and you can see the schedule and pick out when you want to go. And that's what out when you want to go. And that's what out when you want to go. And that's what I really want for this. So that's why I really want for this. So that's why I really want for this. So that's why I'm crossing my fingers that there will I'm crossing my fingers that there will I'm crossing my fingers that there will be a drawing class and it will be be a drawing class and it will be be a drawing class and it will be structured like Disneyland. Oh boy, structured like Disneyland. Oh boy, structured like Disneyland. Oh boy, we're looking at prices. Prices for we're looking at prices. Prices for we're looking at prices. Prices for tickets. This is going to be cha-ching. tickets. This is going to be cha-ching. tickets. This is going to be cha-ching. &gt;&gt; Really fun. Kind of a tough &gt;&gt; Really fun. Kind of a tough &gt;&gt; Really fun. Kind of a tough conversation. Nobody really likes to conversation. Nobody really likes to conversation. Nobody really likes to talk about the prices. So we're talking talk about the prices. So we're talking talk about the prices. So we're talking about 2026 prices compared to 2015. about 2026 prices compared to 2015. about 2026 prices compared to 2015. &gt;&gt; Chuch-ching. So, in 2016, a one-day one &gt;&gt; Chuch-ching. So, in 2016, a one-day one &gt;&gt; Chuch-ching. So, in 2016, a one-day one park ticket was $97 to $124 [music] and park ticket was $97 to $124 [music] and park ticket was $97 to $124 [music] and now it is $119 to $29. now it is $119 to $29. now it is $119 to $29. Cha-ching. Cha-ching. Cha-ching. &gt;&gt; That is &gt;&gt; That is &gt;&gt; That is much higher. much higher. much higher. &gt;&gt; I mean, that's a pretty significant &gt;&gt; I mean, that's a pretty significant &gt;&gt; I mean, that's a pretty significant jump. That's [music] over $20 for the jump. That's [music] over $20 for the jump. That's [music] over $20 for the minimum one day one park. [music] And I minimum one day one park. [music] And I minimum one day one park. [music] And I mean just outright mean just outright mean just outright almost $100 almost $100 almost $100 for, you know, for other days for the for, you know, for other days for the for, you know, for other days for the maximum amount. And I just feel like maximum amount. And I just feel like maximum amount. And I just feel like that is a lot. Now, let's look at annual that is a lot. Now, let's look at annual that is a lot. Now, let's look at annual passes. Back in 2016, oh man. Oh, this passes. Back in 2016, oh man. Oh, this passes. Back in 2016, oh man. Oh, this one hurts even more. one hurts even more. one hurts even more. Back in 2016, they were anywhere from Back in 2016, they were anywhere from Back in 2016, they were anywhere from $389 [music] $389 [music] $389 [music] to $829. to $829. to $829. And in 2026, they are costing anywhere And in 2026, they are costing anywhere And in 2026, they are costing anywhere from $489 from $489 from $489 to $1,629. [music] Cha-ching. That actually that to me Cha-ching. That actually that to me Cha-ching. That actually that to me feels even worse. That's crazy, man. Okay. And then the That's crazy, man. Okay. And then the That's crazy, man. Okay. And then the the real life rate of inflation in the the real life rate of inflation in the the real life rate of inflation in the United States is 35%. which means the United States is 35%. which means the United States is 35%. which means the cheapest options paced even slower than cheapest options paced even slower than cheapest options paced even slower than inflation, but expensive tickets doubled inflation, but expensive tickets doubled inflation, but expensive tickets doubled the inflation rate and annual passes the inflation rate and annual passes the inflation rate and annual passes tripled it. Average ticket prices in tripled it. Average ticket prices in tripled it. Average ticket prices in general have about doubled inflation. general have about doubled inflation. general have about doubled inflation. That is so wild. That is I mean it That is so wild. That is I mean it That is so wild. That is I mean it obviously is a nod towards Disney's obviously is a nod towards Disney's obviously is a nod towards Disney's demand, but when people talk about demand, but when people talk about demand, but when people talk about Disney just getting more and more Disney just getting more and more Disney just getting more and more expensive, it is really true. It is expensive, it is really true. It is expensive, it is really true. It is frustrating to see that at this point. frustrating to see that at this point. frustrating to see that at this point. Obviously, it's Disney is a business and Obviously, it's Disney is a business and Obviously, it's Disney is a business and that is one thing that I'm not naive that is one thing that I'm not naive that is one thing that I'm not naive about. That's not one something I about. That's not one something I about. That's not one something I misunderstand. misunderstand. misunderstand. I know it brings us a lot of joy and I know it brings us a lot of joy and I know it brings us a lot of joy and happiness and fun. It is also still a happiness and fun. It is also still a happiness and fun. It is also still a business. They also still have to make business. They also still have to make business. They also still have to make money. They're going to change with the money. They're going to change with the money. They're going to change with the times they're going to go with times they're going to go with times they're going to go with inflation. It is nice to see that the inflation. It is nice to see that the inflation. It is nice to see that the cheapest ticket options cheapest ticket options cheapest ticket options paced slower than inflation. That being paced slower than inflation. That being paced slower than inflation. That being said, I do find it kind of frustrating said, I do find it kind of frustrating said, I do find it kind of frustrating that to save a little or to, you know, that to save a little or to, you know, that to save a little or to, you know, find those cheapest ticket prices, you find those cheapest ticket prices, you find those cheapest ticket prices, you have to be like a mastermind. I love have to be like a mastermind. I love have to be like a mastermind. I love that we can help people find those that we can help people find those that we can help people find those easily and not make you search for it. easily and not make you search for it. easily and not make you search for it. That's our whole job is to like find That's our whole job is to like find That's our whole job is to like find that information for you, which I love that information for you, which I love that information for you, which I love being able to do for people. I also being able to do for people. I also being able to do for people. I also think that it is a valid critique to say think that it is a valid critique to say think that it is a valid critique to say to go to Disney in any capacity requires to go to Disney in any capacity requires to go to Disney in any capacity requires like months if not years of training and like months if not years of training and like months if not years of training and preparation. That is frustrating. There preparation. That is frustrating. There preparation. That is frustrating. There was a time where you pretty much could was a time where you pretty much could was a time where you pretty much could buy your Disney tickets and hotel and buy your Disney tickets and hotel and buy your Disney tickets and hotel and then just go enjoy it and not really then just go enjoy it and not really then just go enjoy it and not really have to think too hard about it. And I have to think too hard about it. And I have to think too hard about it. And I think now it is so expensive and so think now it is so expensive and so think now it is so expensive and so limited and not available to everyone limited and not available to everyone limited and not available to everyone and rising if not, you know, and at and rising if not, you know, and at and rising if not, you know, and at times tripling past what inflation is times tripling past what inflation is times tripling past what inflation is growing. That is so frustrating. growing. That is so frustrating. growing. That is so frustrating. &gt;&gt; Disney Quest, we're talking about Disney &gt;&gt; Disney Quest, we're talking about Disney &gt;&gt; Disney Quest, we're talking about Disney Quest. Quest. Quest. &gt;&gt; I'm glad we're getting back into the fun &gt;&gt; I'm glad we're getting back into the fun &gt;&gt; I'm glad we're getting back into the fun things. Disney Quest feels like a fever things. Disney Quest feels like a fever things. Disney Quest feels like a fever dream. Everything about this feels like dream. Everything about this feels like dream. Everything about this feels like a fever dream. a fever dream. a fever dream. &gt;&gt; Disney Quest was an interactive kind of &gt;&gt; Disney Quest was an interactive kind of &gt;&gt; Disney Quest was an interactive kind of play building. It was supposed to be play building. It was supposed to be play building. It was supposed to be kind of like a video game in real life kind of like a video game in real life kind of like a video game in real life [music] sort of building in Disney [music] sort of building in Disney [music] sort of building in Disney Springs. I never did it and I really Springs. I never did it and I really Springs. I never did it and I really wanted to. So that was my big honestly wanted to. So that was my big honestly wanted to. So that was my big honestly that was a really big blow to me when it that was a really big blow to me when it that was a really big blow to me when it closed cuz I really wanted to experience closed cuz I really wanted to experience closed cuz I really wanted to experience Disney Quest one day. Disney Quest one day. Disney Quest one day. &gt;&gt; It was like the most interactive arcade. &gt;&gt; It was like the most interactive arcade. &gt;&gt; It was like the most interactive arcade. It had like roller coasters that you can It had like roller coasters that you can It had like roller coasters that you can design and kind of ride yourself and design and kind of ride yourself and design and kind of ride yourself and [music] you know like brain teasers and [music] you know like brain teasers and [music] you know like brain teasers and puzzles and arcade games. Like it was puzzles and arcade games. Like it was puzzles and arcade games. Like it was just everything. I really enjoyed it and just everything. I really enjoyed it and just everything. I really enjoyed it and I do miss it and I feel like having I do miss it and I feel like having I do miss it and I feel like having something like that back would be so something like that back would be so something like that back would be so dope. It would be so much fun. We are dope. It would be so much fun. We are dope. It would be so much fun. We are getting a similar concept at Disney getting a similar concept at Disney getting a similar concept at Disney Springs very soon called Level 99 and it Springs very soon called Level 99 and it Springs very soon called Level 99 and it sort of picks up where Disney Quest left sort of picks up where Disney Quest left sort of picks up where Disney Quest left off. uh it involves more practical off. uh it involves more practical off. uh it involves more practical [music] [music] [music] uh involvement sets uh game pieces uh uh involvement sets uh game pieces uh uh involvement sets uh game pieces uh play as opposed to the amount of play as opposed to the amount of play as opposed to the amount of technology that Disney Quest relied on technology that Disney Quest relied on technology that Disney Quest relied on and if some of that technology [music] and if some of that technology [music] and if some of that technology [music] wasn't necessarily all the way there wasn't necessarily all the way there wasn't necessarily all the way there yet. yet. yet. &gt;&gt; Lights Motors Action Extreme stunt show. &gt;&gt; Lights Motors Action Extreme stunt show. &gt;&gt; Lights Motors Action Extreme stunt show. This is just going to make me sad. This is just going to make me sad. This is just going to make me sad. &gt;&gt; Oh, I miss Lights Motors Action. I loved &gt;&gt; Oh, I miss Lights Motors Action. I loved &gt;&gt; Oh, I miss Lights Motors Action. I loved this show. I think about this all the this show. I think about this all the this show. I think about this all the time. Like I think I think about Lights time. Like I think I think about Lights time. Like I think I think about Lights Winners action like once a week. Winners action like once a week. Winners action like once a week. &gt;&gt; I like the like Oh, this is all so &gt;&gt; I like the like Oh, this is all so &gt;&gt; I like the like Oh, this is all so nostalgic. It's bringing me back. IT'S nostalgic. It's bringing me back. IT'S nostalgic. It's bringing me back. IT'S BRINGING ME BACK. BRINGING ME BACK. BRINGING ME BACK. &gt;&gt; It was such a good show. It was so cool &gt;&gt; It was such a good show. It was so cool &gt;&gt; It was such a good show. It was so cool and it was so classic Hollywood Studios and it was so classic Hollywood Studios and it was so classic Hollywood Studios where it was like showing you how movies where it was like showing you how movies where it was like showing you how movies are made and how stunts are done. This I are made and how stunts are done. This I are made and how stunts are done. This I I really miss this one. I have vivid I really miss this one. I have vivid I really miss this one. I have vivid memories of [music] seeing it as a kid. memories of [music] seeing it as a kid. memories of [music] seeing it as a kid. &gt;&gt; Remember the giant ants from the Honey I &gt;&gt; Remember the giant ants from the Honey I &gt;&gt; Remember the giant ants from the Honey I Shrunk the Kids? Remember all of Shrunk the Kids? Remember all of Shrunk the Kids? Remember all of Remember the back lot? I remember I love old school MGM Hollywood Studios. I love old school MGM Hollywood Studios. I love old school MGM Hollywood Studios. That is what I first fell in love with That is what I first fell in love with That is what I first fell in love with with film, with TV. Honestly, what the with film, with TV. Honestly, what the with film, with TV. Honestly, what the very beginning of what launched my very beginning of what launched my very beginning of what launched my career and [music] my passion and all of career and [music] my passion and all of career and [music] my passion and all of that. I have a film degree. I have a that. I have a film degree. I have a that. I have a film degree. I have a film degree from college and it's film degree from college and it's film degree from college and it's because of old MGM MGM studios. because of old MGM MGM studios. because of old MGM MGM studios. &gt;&gt; I'm old. Yes, I miss Ellen's energy &gt;&gt; I'm old. Yes, I miss Ellen's energy &gt;&gt; I'm old. Yes, I miss Ellen's energy adventure. I miss Universe of Energy adventure. I miss Universe of Energy adventure. I miss Universe of Energy more. more. more. &gt;&gt; Ellen's energy adventure was where &gt;&gt; Ellen's energy adventure was where &gt;&gt; Ellen's energy adventure was where Guardians of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind is Guardians of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind is Guardians of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind is now. And it was a 45minute attraction now. And it was a 45minute attraction now. And it was a 45minute attraction where you sat in a moving theater and where you sat in a moving theater and where you sat in a moving theater and watched Ellen have a dream about going watched Ellen have a dream about going watched Ellen have a dream about going on Jeopardy. Ellen, [music] yes. And on Jeopardy. Ellen, [music] yes. And on Jeopardy. Ellen, [music] yes. And Bill Nye have a dream about going on Bill Nye have a dream about going on Bill Nye have a dream about going on Jeopardy. And then you went into you Jeopardy. And then you went into you Jeopardy. And then you went into you went into the uh the past and you saw went into the uh the past and you saw went into the uh the past and you saw dinosaurs. And I did like this ride. dinosaurs. And I did like this ride. dinosaurs. And I did like this ride. &gt;&gt; I'll be honest, I only rode the &gt;&gt; I'll be honest, I only rode the &gt;&gt; I'll be honest, I only rode the attraction once and it was because on attraction once and it was because on attraction once and it was because on that trip we knew that they were getting that trip we knew that they were getting that trip we knew that they were getting rid of it. So, we rode it the one time rid of it. So, we rode it the one time rid of it. So, we rode it the one time [music] and I thought it was boring and [music] and I thought it was boring and [music] and I thought it was boring and I didn't need to do it ever again. I didn't need to do it ever again. I didn't need to do it ever again. &gt;&gt; I actually do miss it. I would give &gt;&gt; I actually do miss it. I would give &gt;&gt; I actually do miss it. I would give anything to ride that just one more time anything to ride that just one more time anything to ride that just one more time cuz in my brain it was so cool. Like my cuz in my brain it was so cool. Like my cuz in my brain it was so cool. Like my brother and I loved it. The Alen brother and I loved it. The Alen brother and I loved it. The Alen animatronic was there. We loved being in animatronic was there. We loved being in animatronic was there. We loved being in this massive theater and then driving this massive theater and then driving this massive theater and then driving and then all of a sudden you were like and then all of a sudden you were like and then all of a sudden you were like in prehistoric times. We thought it was in prehistoric times. We thought it was in prehistoric times. We thought it was so cool. My brother to this day has an so cool. My brother to this day has an so cool. My brother to this day has an issue with me because one time I told issue with me because one time I told issue with me because one time I told him I was like, "No, we loved Ellen's him I was like, "No, we loved Ellen's him I was like, "No, we loved Ellen's energy adventure. It is so fun. You energy adventure. It is so fun. You energy adventure. It is so fun. You don't remember? You don't remember how don't remember? You don't remember how don't remember? You don't remember how much we love Ellen's energy adventure much we love Ellen's energy adventure much we love Ellen's energy adventure and then I got him to go on it with me and then I got him to go on it with me and then I got him to go on it with me and I put my head in my own lap and I and I put my head in my own lap and I and I put my head in my own lap and I went to sleep for the full 45 minutes went to sleep for the full 45 minutes went to sleep for the full 45 minutes and he will not let me live it down." and he will not let me live it down." and he will not let me live it down." That was like 15 years ago. He will not That was like 15 years ago. He will not That was like 15 years ago. He will not let me live it down. Universe of Energy. let me live it down. Universe of Energy. let me live it down. Universe of Energy. But don't forget Universe of Energy had But don't forget Universe of Energy had But don't forget Universe of Energy had two different theme songs. It had feel two different theme songs. It had feel two different theme songs. It had feel the flow, see it grow. It's the universe the flow, see it grow. It's the universe the flow, see it grow. It's the universe of energy. But then it also had listen of energy. But then it also had listen of energy. But then it also had listen and you'll hear the heartbeat of a and you'll hear the heartbeat of a and you'll hear the heartbeat of a universe teeming with force. universe teeming with force. universe teeming with force. See all the forms and the [singing] See all the forms and the [singing] See all the forms and the [singing] faces of nature taking its course. You faces of nature taking its course. You faces of nature taking its course. You can listen to both of those theme songs can listen to both of those theme songs can listen to both of those theme songs on this. I'm talking about Universe of on this. I'm talking about Universe of on this. I'm talking about Universe of Energy and nobody asked me about that. Energy and nobody asked me about that. Energy and nobody asked me about that. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. &gt;&gt; This year I'm really looking forward to &gt;&gt; This year I'm really looking forward to &gt;&gt; This year I'm really looking forward to &gt;&gt; It's got to be the Muppets. I think if &gt;&gt; It's got to be the Muppets. I think if &gt;&gt; It's got to be the Muppets. I think if the thing you're not most looking the thing you're not most looking the thing you're not most looking forward to is the Muppets, then there's forward to is the Muppets, then there's forward to is the Muppets, then there's something wrong with you. something wrong with you. something wrong with you. &gt;&gt; What am I most looking forward to? &gt;&gt; What am I most looking forward to? &gt;&gt; What am I most looking forward to? Honestly, soaring across America. Honestly, soaring across America. Honestly, soaring across America. &gt;&gt; And I'm sorry, I don't like to call &gt;&gt; And I'm sorry, I don't like to call &gt;&gt; And I'm sorry, I don't like to call people out like this, but I think that people out like this, but I think that people out like this, but I think that you should probably call someone you you should probably call someone you you should probably call someone you love and admit this to them. I'm going love and admit this to them. I'm going love and admit this to them. I'm going to see Muppet Coaster to see Muppet Coaster to see Muppet Coaster &gt;&gt; or message me on Instagram and I'll tell &gt;&gt; or message me on Instagram and I'll tell &gt;&gt; or message me on Instagram and I'll tell you what you need to hear. you what you need to hear. you what you need to hear. &gt;&gt; I am most looking forward to Villains &gt;&gt; I am most looking forward to Villains &gt;&gt; I am most looking forward to Villains Land. That is what I'm most looking Land. That is what I'm most looking Land. That is what I'm most looking forward to. I cannot wait to see what forward to. I cannot wait to see what forward to. I cannot wait to see what awaits us in Villains Land because the awaits us in Villains Land because the awaits us in Villains Land because the Muppets getting a ride in Walt Disney Muppets getting a ride in Walt Disney Muppets getting a ride in Walt Disney World should be the most exciting thing World should be the most exciting thing World should be the most exciting thing of your decade, let alone year. of your decade, let alone year. of your decade, let alone year. &gt;&gt; Do I really think that people hate &gt;&gt; Do I really think that people hate &gt;&gt; Do I really think that people hate Disney World in 2026? In 2026, people Disney World in 2026? In 2026, people Disney World in 2026? In 2026, people are going to hate hate paying ticket are going to hate hate paying ticket are going to hate hate paying ticket prices and construction. Paying as much prices and construction. Paying as much prices and construction. Paying as much money as they're going to pay for as money as they're going to pay for as money as they're going to pay for as many construction walls as they're going many construction walls as they're going many construction walls as they're going to see. I think just like all the recent to see. I think just like all the recent to see. I think just like all the recent years, everybody hates Disney World. And years, everybody hates Disney World. And years, everybody hates Disney World. And I think everybody loves Disney World. I I think everybody loves Disney World. I I think everybody loves Disney World. I think that there's a lot of people think that there's a lot of people think that there's a lot of people saying a lot of things all the time saying a lot of things all the time saying a lot of things all the time online. And I think feelings just run online. And I think feelings just run online. And I think feelings just run high in this day and age and everybody high in this day and age and everybody high in this day and age and everybody feels like they have to say like [music] feels like they have to say like [music] feels like they have to say like [music] take a really hard negative stance to be take a really hard negative stance to be take a really hard negative stance to be saying something like that people will saying something like that people will saying something like that people will hear. Um but in reality I think a lot of hear. Um but in reality I think a lot of hear. Um but in reality I think a lot of the stuff that's happening in 2026 is the stuff that's happening in 2026 is the stuff that's happening in 2026 is really cool for Disney World. I think really cool for Disney World. I think really cool for Disney World. I think the reasons that people hate Disney the reasons that people hate Disney the reasons that people hate Disney World is because it is prohibitively World is because it is prohibitively World is because it is prohibitively expensive at this point and getting so expensive at this point and getting so expensive at this point and getting so so so so so so so so so so so so so crowded. But I think ultimately that's a crowded. But I think ultimately that's a crowded. But I think ultimately that's a testament to the fact that people still testament to the fact that people still testament to the fact that people still love it. love it. love it. &gt;&gt; If you're still here, go ahead and like &gt;&gt; If you're still here, go ahead and like &gt;&gt; If you're still here, go ahead and like this video and drop this secret code in this video and drop this secret code in this video and drop this secret code in the comments. the comments. the comments. &gt;&gt; So, we know you made it all the way. &gt;&gt; So, we know you made it all the way. &gt;&gt; So, we know you made it all the way. &gt;&gt; Plus, don't forget to subscribe. We &gt;&gt; Plus, don't forget to subscribe. We &gt;&gt; Plus, don't forget to subscribe. We upload news, tips, [music] games, upload news, tips, [music] games, upload news, tips, [music] games, discussions, and more about Disney World discussions, and more about Disney World discussions, and more about Disney World and beyond all week. and beyond all week. and beyond all week. &gt;&gt; Why? Because we're serious about fun. &gt;&gt; Why? Because we're serious about fun. &gt;&gt; Why? Because we're serious about fun. &gt;&gt; We'll see you next time. Bye. &gt;&gt; We'll see you next time. Bye. &gt;&gt; We'll see you next time. Bye. &gt;&gt; A long, long time ago &gt;&gt; A long, long time ago &gt;&gt; A long, long time ago in a galaxy far away. Now, who was under in a galaxy far away. Now, who was under in a galaxy far away. Now, who was under an attack? And I thought me and Qui-Gon Jin could And I thought me and Qui-Gon Jin could And I thought me and Qui-Gon Jin could talk the Federation into maybe cutting talk the Federation into maybe cutting talk the Federation into maybe cutting them a little slack. them a little slack. them a little slack. But their response didn't thrill us. But their response didn't thrill us. But their response didn't thrill us. They locked the doors and they tried to They locked the doors and they tried to They locked the doors and they tried to kill us. kill us. kill us. We escaped from that gas. We left Jar We escaped from that gas. We left Jar We escaped from that gas. We left Jar Jar in Boston. Jar in Boston. Jar in Boston. I know. I think I might know that whole I know. I think I might know that whole I know. I think I might know that whole song. It's kind of disturbing. song. It's kind of disturbing. song. It's kind of disturbing. Blame my dad.
