---
video_id: to_x7inacB8
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Disney World for Dummies - Lightning Lane ⚡️"
published: 2025-12-26
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=to_x7inacB8
---
We're all dummies about something. Maybe We're all dummies about something. Maybe We're all dummies about something. Maybe you are a dummy about Disney World. I am you are a dummy about Disney World. I am you are a dummy about Disney World. I am a dummy about how my car engine works. a dummy about how my car engine works. a dummy about how my car engine works. What we do when we're dummies is we turn What we do when we're dummies is we turn What we do when we're dummies is we turn to the non-dummies. I call my dad about to the non-dummies. I call my dad about to the non-dummies. I call my dad about my car. You watch this video about my car. You watch this video about my car. You watch this video about Disney World. It's okay to be a dummy. Disney World. It's okay to be a dummy. Disney World. It's okay to be a dummy. We should all just admit when we're We should all just admit when we're We should all just admit when we're dummies. So, this is Disney World for dummies. So, this is Disney World for dummies. So, this is Disney World for dummies. Everyone keeps talking about dummies. Everyone keeps talking about dummies. Everyone keeps talking about Lightning Lane. Lightning Lane this, Lightning Lane. Lightning Lane this, Lightning Lane. Lightning Lane this, Lightning Lane that. They talk about the Lightning Lane that. They talk about the Lightning Lane that. They talk about the most wild tips. It feels like they're most wild tips. It feels like they're most wild tips. It feels like they're speaking another language. I understand. speaking another language. I understand. speaking another language. I understand. Let me break down what Lightning Lane Let me break down what Lightning Lane Let me break down what Lightning Lane is, plain and simple, just in case it is, plain and simple, just in case it is, plain and simple, just in case it keeps evading you. Lightning Lane is keeps evading you. Lightning Lane is keeps evading you. Lightning Lane is Disney's skip the line service. It is a Disney's skip the line service. It is a Disney's skip the line service. It is a paid service. If you're familiar with paid service. If you're familiar with paid service. If you're familiar with Fastpass, it's similar to that. It lets Fastpass, it's similar to that. It lets Fastpass, it's similar to that. It lets you skip the line of the standby line you skip the line of the standby line you skip the line of the standby line for a ride. If the posted wait is 60 for a ride. If the posted wait is 60 for a ride. If the posted wait is 60 minutes, usually you'll wait like 8 minutes, usually you'll wait like 8 minutes, usually you'll wait like 8 minutes if you have a Lightning Lane. minutes if you have a Lightning Lane. minutes if you have a Lightning Lane. Now, Fastpass used to be free. Lightning Now, Fastpass used to be free. Lightning Now, Fastpass used to be free. Lightning Lane is paid. And there are a couple of Lane is paid. And there are a couple of Lane is paid. And there are a couple of different ways that you can access different ways that you can access different ways that you can access Lightning Lane. The main one is called Lightning Lane. The main one is called Lightning Lane. The main one is called Lightning Lane Multipass. With this, you Lightning Lane Multipass. With this, you Lightning Lane Multipass. With this, you can purchase Lightning Lane Multipass can purchase Lightning Lane Multipass can purchase Lightning Lane Multipass and there's different windows of when and there's different windows of when and there's different windows of when you can purchase depending on if you're you can purchase depending on if you're you can purchase depending on if you're a hotel guest or when you're arriving at a hotel guest or when you're arriving at a hotel guest or when you're arriving at Disney World. But you purchase Lightning Disney World. But you purchase Lightning Disney World. But you purchase Lightning Lane Multipass and you get to book in Lane Multipass and you get to book in Lane Multipass and you get to book in advance three attractions that you want advance three attractions that you want advance three attractions that you want to skip the line at. Now, there's a to skip the line at. Now, there's a to skip the line at. Now, there's a couple of caveats here, but it's very couple of caveats here, but it's very couple of caveats here, but it's very simple when you're looking at the list. simple when you're looking at the list. simple when you're looking at the list. You get to pick one of the attractions You get to pick one of the attractions You get to pick one of the attractions that are tier one, and you get to pick that are tier one, and you get to pick that are tier one, and you get to pick two of the attractions that are the rest two of the attractions that are the rest two of the attractions that are the rest of the attractions in a park. Multipass of the attractions in a park. Multipass of the attractions in a park. Multipass does work if you're park hopping, and does work if you're park hopping, and does work if you're park hopping, and you can have up to three Lightning lanes you can have up to three Lightning lanes you can have up to three Lightning lanes at a time. So, the three that you book at a time. So, the three that you book at a time. So, the three that you book in advance are not the only three that in advance are not the only three that in advance are not the only three that you will get. Once you're in the park you will get. Once you're in the park you will get. Once you're in the park and you use a Lightning Lane, you can and you use a Lightning Lane, you can and you use a Lightning Lane, you can book another. So, you'll be able to book book another. So, you'll be able to book book another. So, you'll be able to book Lightning Lanes all day, provided Lightning Lanes all day, provided Lightning Lanes all day, provided there's availability. More popular there's availability. More popular there's availability. More popular rides, the availability fills up faster. rides, the availability fills up faster. rides, the availability fills up faster. Less popular rides, you might be able to Less popular rides, you might be able to Less popular rides, you might be able to get the availability a little later in get the availability a little later in get the availability a little later in the day. Ultimately, even without a ton the day. Ultimately, even without a ton the day. Ultimately, even without a ton of effort, you're probably going to get of effort, you're probably going to get of effort, you're probably going to get the use between like five and seven the use between like five and seven the use between like five and seven Lightning Lanes. And then with a lot of Lightning Lanes. And then with a lot of Lightning Lanes. And then with a lot of effort, you can get a ton. I've gotten effort, you can get a ton. I've gotten effort, you can get a ton. I've gotten like over 20 in one day. But that's the like over 20 in one day. But that's the like over 20 in one day. But that's the basics. And it's all done using the My basics. And it's all done using the My basics. And it's all done using the My Disney Experience app. The most popular Disney Experience app. The most popular Disney Experience app. The most popular rides in Disney World have Lightning rides in Disney World have Lightning rides in Disney World have Lightning Lane single pass. And with this, you're Lane single pass. And with this, you're Lane single pass. And with this, you're just paying to skip that ride. They all just paying to skip that ride. They all just paying to skip that ride. They all have one-hour reservations, whether you have one-hour reservations, whether you have one-hour reservations, whether you use multipass or single pass, and you use multipass or single pass, and you use multipass or single pass, and you just kind of show up in that window. just kind of show up in that window. just kind of show up in that window. There's a grace period if you're a There's a grace period if you're a There's a grace period if you're a little late, and then you get to skip little late, and then you get to skip little late, and then you get to skip the line. It's way more complicated than the line. It's way more complicated than the line. It's way more complicated than it needs to be, but it is less it needs to be, but it is less it needs to be, but it is less complicated than it seems. The reason complicated than it seems. The reason complicated than it seems. The reason you might want to do this is because you might want to do this is because you might want to do this is because Disney World is not like smaller theme Disney World is not like smaller theme Disney World is not like smaller theme parks, amusement parks that you might parks, amusement parks that you might parks, amusement parks that you might have been to where lines are typically have been to where lines are typically have been to where lines are typically under an hour. A lot of lines in Disney under an hour. A lot of lines in Disney under an hour. A lot of lines in Disney World at one time can be well over an World at one time can be well over an World at one time can be well over an hour. And the only way around this is to hour. And the only way around this is to hour. And the only way around this is to purchase Lightning Lane. But ultimately, purchase Lightning Lane. But ultimately, purchase Lightning Lane. But ultimately, if you budget Lightning Lane into your if you budget Lightning Lane into your if you budget Lightning Lane into your trip, it can be a great way to skip the trip, it can be a great way to skip the trip, it can be a great way to skip the lines, at least for some very popular lines, at least for some very popular lines, at least for some very popular attractions. Now, we have a ton of attractions. Now, we have a ton of attractions. Now, we have a ton of helpful information on Lightning Lane. helpful information on Lightning Lane. helpful information on Lightning Lane. But if you want it broken down super But if you want it broken down super But if you want it broken down super simply, head to allers.net/lightninglane simply, head to allers.net/lightninglane simply, head to allers.net/lightninglane net/lighting for our free Lightning Lane
