---
video_id: 7nhUUSoXI2w
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Ranking Disney World's Mickey Shaped Treats -- Which Snack Will Win the Top Spot?!"
published: 2025-12-02
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nhUUSoXI2w
---
Today's video is going to be sweet. I'm heading find out which bicky shaped snack reigns supreme. I hope you're hungry and I hope you have a sweet tooth because we're going to eat a lot of sweets today. I hope you brush your teeth. Let's go. All right, we're in Magic Kingdom on Main Street specifically. We are headed to the Main Street Confectionary. We're going to spend a lot of time in here for this video. We're going to get a lot of snacks. This is the confectionary on Main Street. They're going to have anything and every kind of sweet treat you could imagine. So, we are going to head inside and see what Mickeyshaped snacks would find. Now, it is quite early in the morning. That's why this is not um busy at all. But let's see. Oh, this is new to me. Sassy sour pixie dust. That's not Mickeyshaped. I'm getting distracted already. Basically, there's so many sweet treats in here. They've got a bakery. You can even go look at the window and see them making the treats um in front of you. It's really cool in here. Love it. I will say anytime you see any prepackaged snacks, I would encourage you to not buy those if you are wanting to eat this snack on your trip in the park. Uh, but there is a difference. So, like these, for example, you can tell that these were made in-house recently. Um, it even has the date on it, 1027. Um, but then these that are prepackaged, they probably came from somewhere else. These would not recommend. These are going to be not as fresh. They're going to be a little stale. But ones like these are okay. But if you're trying to buy snacks to take home with you, then that's where I would recommend stuff like this. But while you're here in the parks, get the stuff fresh. So, let's take a look through everything they have to offer. They've got everything displayed in the case right here so you can see what it looks like. I see a Mickey cookie. We've got Mickey marshmallow pops. We've got Mickey Rice Krispy treats. A lot of them are Halloween themed cuz that is the season right now. But I'm sure we can find Oh my goodness. Mickey caramel apple. Oh wow. Big old Mickey cookie with Skittles and Twix and M&M's. Oh, and Mickey cupcake. Oh my goodness. This is going to be It's It's 9:30 in the morning. I'm about to get a sugar high. But you know what? I'm going to love it. We got three items from the confectionary. We will be going back there later today, but it is um 9:50 and I didn't want to get 10 snacks from the confectionary at 9:50 in the morning. I would feel a little judged. So, we'll go back later. But, we have three. So, right now we've got the Mickey scone. We've got the Mickey sugar cookie and a Mickey Rice Krispie treat. So, we're sitting at a table kind of on the back side of Casey's corner. Casey's right here next to me, right next to the restrooms, but they're blocked off closed for now, so no one should be over here, which is nice. First things first. Okay, I think the first one I'm going to try right now is a Mickey scone. It feels the most like a breakfast item because it's a scone. So, we have got the Mickey scone. It's got chocolate drizzled on top and little Mickey chocolate pieces. So, this is a very Mickeyshaped item. Let's try. Smells delicious. This is really good. It's It's moist. It's not hard as a rock like sometimes you expect the scone to be. This, I can tell, was made fresh. It's really nice. It's very chocolatey. Would be a fun little breakfast item if you want something sweet. And honestly, would be a pro tip because you get your Joffre at the TTC. You get your coffee there and you grab a little scone from the Main Street Confectionary. No one was in there when I walked in. Like first thing in the morning, people aren't ready for sugary treats yet. So, if you want a sugary breakfast item, you could go grab this instead of trying to conquer the Starbucks line that sometimes, most of the time in the morning's crazy busy. So, I like this. I would recommend this to anyone who wanted a scone sweet breakfast item. I'm going to rate it three and a half out of five. I don't think it's quite four worthy because I don't know. It might be four worthy. No, we're going to stick with three out of five right now. Very solid option, but nothing spectacular. Now, Mickey sugar cookie. This is a Mickey sugar cookie. I bet it's going to be pretty basic. That's a good sugar cookie. It's really thick. Again, tastes nice and fresh. Buy the fresh stuff from the confectionary. Don't buy anything prepackaged, please. Unless you're taking it home. I think that's really good. I think it's a little elevated sugar cookie cuz you've got the icing and the sprinkles on it. Nothing super crazy or standoutish, but if your kid likes a sugar cookie, they're going to be very happy with this. They can pick either pink or blue. Make it pink. Make it blue. You know, I think this is really fun. And it's a thick cookie, too. It's It's not a sugar cookie like the ones that you might get where there's sugar crystals on top. Nothing like that on top. It's just a plain sugar cookie with the icing and the sprinkles. So, the couple bites down here going to have no flavor. It's all up top with the icing. I think right now I like the scone more than I like this. But they're both good. Hold on. The stone is just so much more soft and chewy. I think I'm going to give the sugar cookie a three. Yeah, I think I'm going to give sugar cookie three. Spell 3.5. Now it's time to try the Mickey cereal treat. which this one is going to be a mess. They have different options. It's white chocolate, but it's dyed blue and it's got purple and pink and stars on it. This is for Disney's Starlight nighttime parade. So, love it. Got M&M's. It's got sprinkles. Hey, this is my breakfast. Here we go. This is really fun. I really like this. I like that it's colors for the hurade and the sprinkles. You can see stars. I think that's really fun. These you can get anywhere. You can get so many designs. There are some that will have icing only halfway on it. Uh you can customize your own in other places. I think Disney Springs. Um so these are everywhere. I think they're great. Classic. A classic Mickeyshaped snack. Very sugary. Share this. I could not eat this by myself. I've got a friend with me today running around the parks. I'm going to save all of this. We're gonna eat it all later back at the hotel. So, don't worry. Nothing goes to waste here. It's just so sweet. It's so sweet, but it's so good. I think I'll give it a four cuz I think this one is a lot more iconic, a lot more classic than the other two we've had right now. And I love a rice krispie treat. So this one's going to be a four. Mickey scone 3.5. Mickey sugar cookie three. So far at the confectionary, we've got a lot more to go. Okay, we've got a little bad news. I went over to Westward Hoe in Frontier Land to get the Mickeyshaped pecan bacon cinnamon roll, which I don't I haven't had yet, and I really want to try it because it looks so good. They said they were out. I asked if they were going to have more later. He said maybe 20 minutes, but it's also almost not breakfast time anymore, so I don't know when exactly they switch over the menu, but we'll make it work. We'll figure it out. Don't worry, I will do the hard-hitting science experiments for you by eating all the Mickeyshaped snacks because I care about you and that is how I show that I care. So, now we are going over to Starbucks Circus. They have another basically confectionary back there with Big Top Souvenirs. So, we're going to get a couple more snacks from over there. Maybe I'll get a pretzel before that just to, you know, have a little savory before I eat more sweet again. We'll see. That's a plan. Can't get the cinnamon roll yet. Maybe I'll go back in a little bit. We've made it over to Storybook Circus, which is in the back of Fantasy Land. It is where you're going to find Dumbo. You're going to find some more characters back here. It's really cute. If you've got little kiddos, this is the place to take them to let them run off some steam. And over here we've got Big Top Souvenirs, which is a merchandise location, but it has another big bakery case. It's got lots of treats. Almost like another confectionary. So, we're going to go see what we can find. Smells like candy. Smells like sugar. Okay, we got our stuff from Storybook Treats. I have two tips for you right now. Number one, I am sitting in the tent area in the very very back of Story Lip Circus over by Pete's Silly Sideshow where you can meet the characters. There's a huge tent over here. There there's air ducts right here on the ground blowing out very cold air, which I think is newer. I don't think they've always had that. This has always been a shaded area, but I do think they have recently added these air vents, air conditioners, blowing cold air. So, come over here. They also have a bunch of outlets. to plug in your phones and everything else you need. So, come hang out over here. If you've got a little toddler, they can run around. Give yourself a moment of peace. Tip number two is that places merchandise locations like the confectionary and liked big top souvenirs are technically merchandise locations, not a food location. So, both times when I got stuff from the confectionary and from Big Top, I could use my annual pass discount. So, just a heads up, if you ever need like a water bottle or a Coke, go buy them from like Big Top Souvenirs. You can use your discount. You can't do that at food locations, but you can merchandise locations. So, pro tip. Now, I got to show you what we got. Two things, and they weren't even on my list originally, but I just walked in and I was like, "Wait, I got to have those. I want to try them." So, first up, we got the Mickey Churillo cookie. This is huge. It is literally peekaoo. My face. It's huge. It's got the crystallized sugar on top. It looks delicious. Smells like a churro. I am currently chasing the high of the churo toffee from Disneyland. This will not be that. I know that because it's a cookie and it's not toffee, but some kind of churro flavored dessert, churro themed. I'm chasing that high. So, that's why I got this. Plus, it's huge. Smells delicious. So, let's try it. Okay. Honestly, it's probably the same cookie base of the sugar cookie that we had earlier. The this icing cart is where all the churo flavor comes in plus the sugar crystals on top. I kind of wish there was more than more of it. Like I don't I don't know. That would be a lot of icing. It's like I'm not tasting it enough. Most of it is just the basic cookie without any flavoring. But then you get a bite of it and it's really really tasty. It's not chasing the high of the churro toffee. It's not It's not there. But maybe one day Disney will bring it to Disney World. Disney, please would love that. I don't love this as much as I was wanting to. It's still good. I'm trying to decide if it's equal to, better, or worse than the sugar cookie. I like the little pieces of crystallized sugar. And I do love the icing. I'm not a huge icing person when it comes to cakes and cookies, but this I really like. I wish there was more. I think I'm going to give it a three. Yeah, I'm going to give it a three. Our second treat from Big Top Souvenirs is the Mickey chocolate mint sandwich. Twiffy. Oh, well, that's his backside. this. So, this it's like a Mickey sandwich, but it's not ice cream. It's more It feels like a cookie, but almost a brownie as well. So, we're going to figure it out. But I am a mint chocolate person. Mint chocolate chip is my favorite ice cream flavor. I love mint. I know everybody that's not everybody's cup of tea, but it is mine. So, cheers. So, it's icing in the middle like a sandwich. I know people I'm trying to figure out the line of like mint chocolate versus peppermint. It's not peppermint at all. It tastes like an Andes mint. Expected. It's really, really soft. It's very crumbly. I think the thickness of the cookies is just right with the ratio of cookie to icing. I think they they did that very well. I'm also really liking it because it's so soft and I just ate the cookie that was very hard. I like this better. I know not everybody likes mint. I know. I really like this one. I think I'm going to give it a four. I don't think it's five worthy cuz mint is very divisive. But if you like mint, I would recommend you get this. I'm going to give it a four. All right, as we head to our next location, I'm going to give you a couple more little tips that you might not know about. Number one, there is a walkway between Storybook Circus and Tron. Not very many people know about it. Way less crowded. Are heading to Tomorrowland, so it's easier to go this way than all the way around. Number two, if you are looking for something like a restroom, a water bottle refill station, a fuel rod, charger swap out location, you can search for those in the My Disney Experience app and then click find on map and it will show you all of the places where those things exist on the map. So, I just searched for water bottle refill because there's not I mean there's water fountains everywhere, but the specific water bottle refill stations, there aren't as many throughout the park. So, I searched it, clicked find on map, and the closest one to me was over here at the restrooms at Tron. So, that's where we're headed. And then we'll get our next snack in Tomorrowland, which is perfect. So, if you ever are looking for something specific, search it in the app, click find on map. I do that all the time for so many things. It's very helpful. We've made it to one of Alier's favorite spots. I am at Tomorrowland Terrace in Tomorrowland. It used to be an old quick service and now it's nothing except for when they have firework dessert parties. So if you need a break, if you need plenty of tables and chairs out of the sun, come over here to Tomorrowland Terrace. Nobody's ever over here. I think there's one other family way behind me. But we are trying our first savory item that is Mickeyshaped. Thank goodness we made it to savory. And that is because we are eating a classic Mickey pretzel. This is a basic pretzel shaped like Mickey, but it comes with a huge thing of cheddar cheese sauce. Plastic cheese as some people call it. I'm ready to dig in. Yeah, I needed this. Right now, this pretzel is hitting the spot because it's salty and I've had so many sweet things already. So, I am taking that bias out of my ranking. But this is classic Mickey pretzel. It is just a plain pretzel. Lots of salt. It's not the best pretzel on Disney property by far. There are so many other amazing pretzels. There's even here in Magic Kingdom the cream cheese pretzel which lots of people argue better than a regular Mickey one. But we're not talking about best pretzels today. We are talking about Mickeyshaped snacks. So with that in mind, I do really like this option. I think it's great. Everything tastes better when it's Mickeyshaped. I mean, we all know that it's one of our only savory items on this list, which might give it a little bit of a boost just because of that. But it's a classic snack. You see them everywhere when you go to Disney. You can get them in every park. So, I don't know. I do associate plastic cheese with Disney World. Get this with your pretzels. You can get it over at Casey's Corn dog. Um, you know, with your corn dog nuggets, dip it in the classic cheese. So, I do really love it. I think I'm going to give the Mickey pretzel a 3.5. It's That's a little bit better than halfway. I don't think it deserves a four. No, I changed my mind. I'm bumping it up to a four. If I gave the Rice Krispie treat a four, I think a Mickey pretzel deserves to be four as well. Once again, easily sharable. You can split this between people in your party and it's a good savory bready snack. And I love the plastic sheets. Mayday. Mayday. All right, I got a Mickey ice cream bar. Can't even pull out my DJI camera. I'm using my phone because it's literally it's on my hand. We're making a mess. All right, Mickey ice cream bar. Let me find napkins. I'm going to talk about it in a second, but I ate it. Okay, many things have happened. I now have the Mickey ice cream sandwich. A little less messy. Still messy. Not as bad as the ice cream bar. I'm sitting in the rocking chairs in Liberty Square because they're in the sun right now. I'm at my face, but the rest of my body is in the sun. But let's try this. We'll talk about the two ice creams at the same time. Now, I prefer the sandwich over the ice cream bar. I like the cookies. I like that it is a sandwich. It's easier to eat. It's not as messy. They're both great options. But if I had to pick one over the other, I would pick the sandwich. But they're both getting a five. They're both getting a five. I think you have to get ice cream when you come to Disney World. They're both Mickeyshaped. Very fun. This one has got cookies and cream ice cream in the sandwich, which I also like a little bit better than vanilla. The Mickey ice cream bar is vanilla ice cream with hard chocolate outside. This is a softer sandwich with cookies and cream ice cream. They're both great, solid options. They're both a vibe and I think you have to eat them when you're here at Disney World. Now, with Mickeyshaped ice cream, I also want to shout out the Plaza ice cream parlor over on Main Street. We're not going to get it today, but they do have really good Edies ice cream there. And when you get most of the ice cream options, they will put two little cookies on top of your ice cream to make it kind of Mickeyshaped. It's not completely, but you know, you've got your ice cream with two little cookies on top for Mickey's ears. So, that's another fun option, but just not going to get it today. Another Mickey ice cream option that we're not going to be trying today, but I want to let you know about is the Mickey Brownie sundae over at Hollywood Scoops in Hollywood Studios. That's on Sunset Boulevard. You can get a sundae with a brownie, and the brownie is Mickeyshaped. So, that's another fun option for you if you want a brownie with your sundae. We're heading back down Main Street, back to the confectionary for two more treats. Um, hopefully shift has changed and it's not the same people as this morning. That would be a little embarrassing for me. But regardless, we've got two more things that we need to try and rate and see if they're worth your money. I got the Mickey Marshmallow Pop. This is the classic one. They have a Mickey and Minnie. And I think they had some seasonal ones. Uh, but this is basically just a big marshmallow covered in chocolate with some M&M's. So, what could go wrong? Once again, tastes fresh, tastes homemade, made in house. It's just marshmallow and chocolate. It's very simple, but it's very tasty. This is not something that I'm going to graduate. Graduate. This is not something that I'm going to pick most of the time just because it's a big marshmallow with chocolate. It's good, but I think I'm going to give it a two. I think so far it's going to be our lowest one. It's delicious and I love it. But there are better There are better Mickeyshaped things out there, you know. All right, next up on our list, we have Mickey cookies and cream cupcake. This cupcake has been on quite the journey. I bought him last night at Allstar Movies Resort. I put him in the fridge and now I'm eating him here on the second floor of the Contemporary. So, here he is. Cookies and cream. He's got little sprinkles, couple little ears. That makes him Mickeyshaped. Is this Mickeyshaped? It's technically Mickeyshaped. We're going to eat it first. It's just a little chocolate disc, you know, dark dark chocolate. Yeah, little cupcakes. You can find them all over Disney World. They're not hard to find at all. We normally don't recommend cupcakes because they're not that special, especially when you put all the other fun specialty or seasonal desserts all around Disney World. But oh my gosh, it's huge. But I would not judge you for getting a cupcake either. Okay. I don't I don't think I like the icing. There's probably It's probably the same thing as the gray stuff. I don't think I like it. I don't think I like the consistency of it. It's cookies and cream ice cream. The cake part is just chocolate. The cake part is good, but I don't like icing. I think there are a lot of better options, more unique options, better flavored options all around Disney World. So, I would not encourage you to get any kind of cupcake. But sometimes that's what you like. Do whatever you want to do. But it's not going to be my pick. I'm giving it a one. Mhm. It's a one out of five. Yeah. Can you tell I just ran a half marathon? Cuz I did. I did. So, now I'm going to go to the bathroom and wash my hands. Now, that's not all. We've got some other Mickeyshaped items that I wanted to mention in this video. First and foremost, Mickey waffles. These are a classic, fun Disney snack. Disney breakfast, waffles shaped like Mickey Mouse, sometimes Minnie Mouse. You cannot go wrong. These can be found everywhere. There are so many options. You can find them all over Disney World like resort food courts or table service restaurants for breakfast. But I want to specifically highlight the waffle platter at Fairfax Fair in Hollywood Studios. If you are in Hollywood Studios and need some breakfast for the day, a quick uh walk up quick service option, you can get the waffle platter. It comes with whipped cream, three Mickey waffles, and some fruit. It's a great option. I also want to shout out the chicken filled waffles at Rick's Sports Bar and Grill over at Coronado Springs Resort. These are Mickeyshaped chicken and waffles. Basically, they're stuffed with chicken. Mickey and waffles. Disney's version of chicken and waffles. And they're Mickeyshaped. It's great. Love Mickey waffles. Obviously, five out of five. I'm also going to shout out a classic Mickey caramel apple. Caramel caramel, what do you say? A Mickey caramel apple. Now, these are very cute. They're fun to look at in the bakery case. They're not the most logistically easy to eat. I know it's another classic Mickeyshaped snack, but I don't think it's many people's favorites. I don't know. They're just really hard to eat, but they are so cute. Years ago, cast members would cut the apple for you after you bought them, but they don't do that anymore, sadly. So, I am not going to take the time out of my theme park day to sit and cut up a very hard caramel apple. That's just not I I can't do that. So, if you can, shout out to you. You're better than me. Um, but specifically for caramel apples, I want to shout out the Germany pavilion because those caramel apples wear leader hosen. So, just thought you should know that. Now, one of the most iconic, most well-loved Mickeyshaped snacks in all of Disney World can't be found in the parks, and it's actually over at Porter's French Quarter Resort. And yes, I am talking about Mickey Beignes. These are a five out of five. Honestly, 10 out of five. They are perfect. I have no notes on them. If you have not had a Mickey beignet before, add it to your must do list on your next trip. You have to go get these. They are perfectly fluffy and doughy and so much powdered sugar. They are messy. You've been warned, but they are perfect. And if you've never had one, you absolutely need to get these. And finally, I'm also going to shout out the Mickey pecan praline, which is um over they used to be at French Quarter. Now, you can find them at Riverside sometimes. I you know, they're kind of hard to find and they're not always available. So, just be on the lookout if you like pecan pralines. The Mickeyshaped ones are fantastic. They are fudgel-like pecan filled candy. They're texturally kind of like a cookie, but it's super sweet and super sugary. And these are awesome. But again, they're not always around. So, if you see one on a menu, try it. You'll thank me later. If you're still here, be sure to like the video and put this secret code in the comments so I know that you watched the whole thing. And don't forget to subscribe. We upload challenges, resort reviews, restaurant reviews from Disney World, Universal, and beyond. See you next time.
