---
video_id: yBUwfTfqoTc
channel: AllEars.net
title: "We’ve Been Doing Disney World ALL WRONG 😳"
published: 2025-12-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yBUwfTfqoTc
---
We've been doing Disney World all wrong. Everyone talks about the Disney bubble. Got to stay in the Disney bubble. We need to branch out to some of the weird, wacky, and also genuinely awesome things that Orlando has to offer. And one of those things might be a prohibition era speak easy dinner show that I found on iDrive. I was invited to speak easy murder at Teatro Martini, and I'm already trying to figure out how to trick my parents into going because I had so much fun. There was a password required at the door. Fancy, illegal, prohibition. You know, you couldn't drink, but they got drinks here because it is a bar. I spotted some newspapers. One about an upand cominging animator, Walt Disney, because of course there was. We're still in Orlando. But soon enough, you're headed inside through a secret bookcase store. Why don't houses come with these dinner's coming to your table. So are the characters. You might meet Charlie Scarpelli, aka Tuna. My personal favorite was Mama Scarpelli. Uh this is Charlie's mother, who he hates. I just love her. I believe her when she says the blood on her apron is just from a pig. and they give you bribe money that you can give the characters. Way more fun than regular dinner. No spoilers, but the show is awesome. It takes place throughout the whole room. There's comedy, live singing, very big personalities. Who's got motive? How did everyone end up with a gun? These are all questions that will be answered and you'll get involved because you get to vote at the end on who you think the murderer is. I had so much fun. If you love Hoopt Review, if you miss the Citizens of Hollywood, this kind of thing is so much fun. And Hoopt Review might be sort of a remnant, but a ton of it still exists in Orlando. And I can definitely recommend Speak Easy Murder. Seriously, I'm going again. talking about his made me want to go
