---
video_id: gbny_zKkb6Y
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Answering YOUR Questions About AllEars -- Q&A"
published: 2025-12-19
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbny_zKkb6Y
---
Here at All Ears, we make content about Here at All Ears, we make content about Here at All Ears, we make content about theme parks, travel, fun games with a theme parks, travel, fun games with a theme parks, travel, fun games with a focus on [music] Universal and Disney focus on [music] Universal and Disney focus on [music] Universal and Disney World. If you've been around here, you World. If you've been around here, you World. If you've been around here, you know me. I'm Quincy and me and my know me. I'm Quincy and me and my know me. I'm Quincy and me and my friends have really cool jobs where we friends have really cool jobs where we friends have really cool jobs where we [music] get to make this content as our [music] get to make this content as our [music] get to make this content as our full-time jobs. That means that we're full-time jobs. That means that we're full-time jobs. That means that we're going to Disney World almost every going to Disney World almost every going to Disney World almost every [music] single day of the entire year. [music] single day of the entire year. [music] single day of the entire year. No joke, across our entire team. It No joke, across our entire team. It No joke, across our entire team. It means we're reviewing snacks. [music] means we're reviewing snacks. [music] means we're reviewing snacks. [music] We're checking out every change. And of We're checking out every change. And of We're checking out every change. And of course, learning all of the strategies course, learning all of the strategies course, learning all of the strategies to make sure that you all have the best to make sure that you all have the best to make sure that you all have the best trips that you possibly can when you get trips that you possibly can when you get trips that you possibly can when you get to visit. But we don't often talk about to visit. But we don't often talk about to visit. But we don't often talk about all earers. So that's the goal today. all earers. So that's the goal today. all earers. So that's the goal today. This is the All Ears Q&amp;A. I'll be This is the All Ears Q&amp;A. I'll be This is the All Ears Q&amp;A. I'll be answering questions from our social answering questions from our social answering questions from our social media, plus responding to questions in media, plus responding to questions in media, plus responding to questions in the comments. Plus, on Tuesdays and the comments. Plus, on Tuesdays and the comments. Plus, on Tuesdays and Saturdays at 10:00 a.m. [music] Eastern Saturdays at 10:00 a.m. [music] Eastern Saturdays at 10:00 a.m. [music] Eastern time, we have a live chat. If you are in time, we have a live chat. If you are in time, we have a live chat. If you are in the live chat when this video drops, the live chat when this video drops, the live chat when this video drops, then I'm also in there responding to then I'm also in there responding to then I'm also in there responding to questions. [music] Unless something has questions. [music] Unless something has questions. [music] Unless something has gone wrong, in which case somebody else gone wrong, in which case somebody else gone wrong, in which case somebody else is there. Hopefully nothing's gone is there. Hopefully nothing's gone is there. Hopefully nothing's gone wrong. Hopefully I'm there. But without wrong. Hopefully I'm there. But without wrong. Hopefully I'm there. But without further ado, I am answering your most further ado, I am answering your most further ado, I am answering your most burning questions about All Ears, our burning questions about All Ears, our burning questions about All Ears, our team, and more straight from you. We got team, and more straight from you. We got team, and more straight from you. We got these questions from Facebook and these questions from Facebook and these questions from Facebook and Instagram. So if you've got burning Instagram. So if you've got burning Instagram. So if you've got burning lifelong curiosities about the Allars lifelong curiosities about the Allars lifelong curiosities about the Allars team or want to be involved in content team or want to be involved in content team or want to be involved in content for future videos, make sure you're for future videos, make sure you're for future videos, make sure you're following us on Instagram and Facebook. following us on Instagram and Facebook. following us on Instagram and Facebook. First things first, we got a lot of First things first, we got a lot of First things first, we got a lot of questions. Just a lot of questions about questions. Just a lot of questions about questions. Just a lot of questions about when Disney World is opening things, when Disney World is opening things, when Disney World is opening things, when Disney World is closing things, how when Disney World is closing things, how when Disney World is closing things, how long construction walls are going to long construction walls are going to long construction walls are going to [music] be up, when is Villain Land [music] be up, when is Villain Land [music] be up, when is Villain Land coming, what's going to be there. coming, what's going to be there. coming, what's going to be there. Unfortunately, we are just as in the Unfortunately, we are just as in the Unfortunately, we are just as in the dark as you. Little behind thescenes dark as you. Little behind thescenes dark as you. Little behind thescenes tidbit. We do work with Disney. tidbit. We do work with Disney. tidbit. We do work with Disney. Sometimes that's when you'll see us say, Sometimes that's when you'll see us say, Sometimes that's when you'll see us say, "Oh, this was a media event." Or, "Oh, "Oh, this was a media event." Or, "Oh, "Oh, this was a media event." Or, "Oh, Disney invited us." We always disclose Disney invited us." We always disclose Disney invited us." We always disclose it. Most of the time, we don't work it. Most of the time, we don't work it. Most of the time, we don't work directly with Disney. you just kind of directly with Disney. you just kind of directly with Disney. you just kind of have a professional relationship with have a professional relationship with have a professional relationship with them and that relationship does not get them and that relationship does not get them and that relationship does not get us privileged information. So, we us privileged information. So, we us privileged information. So, we typically find out exactly when you do typically find out exactly when you do typically find out exactly when you do or maybe a few minutes earlier just or maybe a few minutes earlier just or maybe a few minutes earlier just because we have a whole team of people because we have a whole team of people because we have a whole team of people looking for this stuff when opening looking for this stuff when opening looking for this stuff when opening dates are and closing dates are and dates are and closing dates are and dates are and closing dates are and things like that. Basically, Disney things like that. Basically, Disney things like that. Basically, Disney treats us like any other news outlet treats us like any other news outlet treats us like any other news outlet would be treated. That means most of the would be treated. That means most of the would be treated. That means most of the time we get press releases that go out time we get press releases that go out time we get press releases that go out at the same time to everybody. And when at the same time to everybody. And when at the same time to everybody. And when you see it come out on our blog, that's you see it come out on our blog, that's you see it come out on our blog, that's what Disney's told everybody. The what Disney's told everybody. The what Disney's told everybody. The exception [music] exception [music] exception [music] is something called an embargo. You've is something called an embargo. You've is something called an embargo. You've worked in media, you know what this is, worked in media, you know what this is, worked in media, you know what this is, but basically with some stories, Disney but basically with some stories, Disney but basically with some stories, Disney might go ahead and give us the might go ahead and give us the might go ahead and give us the information so that we can prep our information so that we can prep our information so that we can prep our content and then tell us, hey, this is content and then tell us, hey, this is content and then tell us, hey, this is embargoed until X time on Y date and we embargoed until X time on Y date and we embargoed until X time on Y date and we can't say a word about it or it's bad can't say a word about it or it's bad can't say a word about it or it's bad news bears. So, uh, we're zip lip toss news bears. So, uh, we're zip lip toss news bears. So, uh, we're zip lip toss the key with embargos. [music] the key with embargos. [music] the key with embargos. [music] But to answer those questions, But to answer those questions, But to answer those questions, unfortunately, I have no clue on any unfortunately, I have no clue on any unfortunately, I have no clue on any opening dates besides what we already opening dates besides what we already opening dates besides what we already know. So, yeah, we have to wait just as know. So, yeah, we have to wait just as know. So, yeah, we have to wait just as long as you do to find out when we're long as you do to find out when we're long as you do to find out when we're going to be exploring Villains Land. But going to be exploring Villains Land. But going to be exploring Villains Land. But on to the specific questions. Over on on to the specific questions. Over on on to the specific questions. Over on Instagram, Steven CA20 asked, "How is Instagram, Steven CA20 asked, "How is Instagram, Steven CA20 asked, "How is Angie doing? Hope she's well." Hi, Angie doing? Hope she's well." Hi, Angie doing? Hope she's well." Hi, Steven. I hope you're well. Uh, Angie is Steven. I hope you're well. Uh, Angie is Steven. I hope you're well. Uh, Angie is doing well. Uh, we all talk to her doing well. Uh, we all talk to her doing well. Uh, we all talk to her regularly. She of course stepped away regularly. She of course stepped away regularly. She of course stepped away from this job for personal reasons. Um, from this job for personal reasons. Um, from this job for personal reasons. Um, we see a lot of comments saying, we see a lot of comments saying, we see a lot of comments saying, "Where's Angie?" If you want to see her "Where's Angie?" If you want to see her "Where's Angie?" If you want to see her little message saying goodbye, it is in little message saying goodbye, it is in little message saying goodbye, it is in the storybook dining review that's on the storybook dining review that's on the storybook dining review that's on the channel now. But she's doing well. the channel now. But she's doing well. the channel now. But she's doing well. She got a dog, a little tiny wiener dog. She got a dog, a little tiny wiener dog. She got a dog, a little tiny wiener dog. She named it Martini the Weenie. So, She named it Martini the Weenie. So, She named it Martini the Weenie. So, she's doing well. Mary Anne Echenro she's doing well. Mary Anne Echenro she's doing well. Mary Anne Echenro asked, "How do Emma and Frybucket manage asked, "How do Emma and Frybucket manage asked, "How do Emma and Frybucket manage to live in different states and still do to live in different states and still do to live in different states and still do all ears? Thanks to everyone for the all ears? Thanks to everyone for the all ears? Thanks to everyone for the great job you do. Thank you for great job you do. Thank you for great job you do. Thank you for watching." So, if you didn't know, watching." So, if you didn't know, watching." So, if you didn't know, Frybucket lives in Texas, and Emma used Frybucket lives in Texas, and Emma used Frybucket lives in Texas, and Emma used to live here, but she has since moved to to live here, but she has since moved to to live here, but she has since moved to Tennessee. Now, what you see on camera Tennessee. Now, what you see on camera Tennessee. Now, what you see on camera is only a portion of our actual jobs. is only a portion of our actual jobs. is only a portion of our actual jobs. Um, most of us work from home several Um, most of us work from home several Um, most of us work from home several days out of the week. It varies how many days out of the week. It varies how many days out of the week. It varies how many days we work from home, but that is when days we work from home, but that is when days we work from home, but that is when we're doing a whole lot of other stuff. we're doing a whole lot of other stuff. we're doing a whole lot of other stuff. Some pertaining to YouTube, some Some pertaining to YouTube, some Some pertaining to YouTube, some pertaining to social media, some pertaining to social media, some pertaining to social media, some pertaining to our blogs. All ears is not pertaining to our blogs. All ears is not pertaining to our blogs. All ears is not just the YouTube channel. [music] We just the YouTube channel. [music] We just the YouTube channel. [music] We also have a full Allears Net blog that's also have a full Allears Net blog that's also have a full Allears Net blog that's focused on news and, you know, you can focused on news and, you know, you can focused on news and, you know, you can see our headlines and Google discover if see our headlines and Google discover if see our headlines and Google discover if we've done a good job. We also have we've done a good job. We also have we've done a good job. We also have every social media under the sun and every social media under the sun and every social media under the sun and then our merchandise, which by the way then our merchandise, which by the way then our merchandise, which by the way is super cute and you can find right now is super cute and you can find right now is super cute and you can find right now on the Alar store. That kind of comes on the Alar store. That kind of comes on the Alar store. That kind of comes out to be that there's a lot going on out to be that there's a lot going on out to be that there's a lot going on behind the scenes that you'd never even behind the scenes that you'd never even behind the scenes that you'd never even think about. Um, so most of Emma and think about. Um, so most of Emma and think about. Um, so most of Emma and Fry's jobs have nothing to do with Fry's jobs have nothing to do with Fry's jobs have nothing to do with actually filming on camera, much less actually filming on camera, much less actually filming on camera, much less filming in Disney World. You'll notice filming in Disney World. You'll notice filming in Disney World. You'll notice we've been doing some more at home we've been doing some more at home we've been doing some more at home content to be able to include Emma and content to be able to include Emma and content to be able to include Emma and Fry more often since they are not always Fry more often since they are not always Fry more often since they are not always here. And then they visit every couple here. And then they visit every couple here. And then they visit every couple of months or so for an event or just to of months or so for an event or just to of months or so for an event or just to come and make a few videos. So that's come and make a few videos. So that's come and make a few videos. So that's how you see some more in park content how you see some more in park content how you see some more in park content with them. So those are business trips with them. So those are business trips with them. So those are business trips for them. They basically get to do for them. They basically get to do for them. They basically get to do business trips to come and film videos business trips to come and film videos business trips to come and film videos in Disney World. Very cool. Um, coolest in Disney World. Very cool. Um, coolest in Disney World. Very cool. Um, coolest business trips out there. Just like my business trips out there. Just like my business trips out there. Just like my dayto-day is the coolest dayto-day out dayto-day is the coolest dayto-day out dayto-day is the coolest dayto-day out there. Maybe. [music] I don't know. I there. Maybe. [music] I don't know. I there. Maybe. [music] I don't know. I don't know if we're calling Disney don't know if we're calling Disney don't know if we're calling Disney adults cool these days, but I think it's adults cool these days, but I think it's adults cool these days, but I think it's cool. Steven CA20 also asked any cool. Steven CA20 also asked any cool. Steven CA20 also asked any international trips planned Shanghai international trips planned Shanghai international trips planned Shanghai Disney question mark. [music] So Disney question mark. [music] So Disney question mark. [music] So Shanghai Disney obviously is in my Shanghai Disney obviously is in my Shanghai Disney obviously is in my sights. That's the only one I haven't sights. That's the only one I haven't sights. That's the only one I haven't done. I've done every other done. I've done every other done. I've done every other international Disney park. [music] international Disney park. [music] international Disney park. [music] Shanghai Disney is the trickiest because Shanghai Disney is the trickiest because Shanghai Disney is the trickiest because visas to China are the trickiest. visas to China are the trickiest. visas to China are the trickiest. [music] So right now it is not planned [music] So right now it is not planned [music] So right now it is not planned like specifically on the docket. It is like specifically on the docket. It is like specifically on the docket. It is intended. It will [music] happen but I'm intended. It will [music] happen but I'm intended. It will [music] happen but I'm not sure exactly when. The international not sure exactly when. The international not sure exactly when. The international trip currently that is on the docket is trip currently that is on the docket is trip currently that is on the docket is that I maybe more than just me, but I'm that I maybe more than just me, but I'm that I maybe more than just me, but I'm not sure will be going to Singapore uh not sure will be going to Singapore uh not sure will be going to Singapore uh for the Disney Adventure when it set for the Disney Adventure when it set for the Disney Adventure when it set sail. So that is currently the upcoming sail. So that is currently the upcoming sail. So that is currently the upcoming international trip. Um otherwise uh it international trip. Um otherwise uh it international trip. Um otherwise uh it wouldn't surprise me if somebody ends up wouldn't surprise me if somebody ends up wouldn't surprise me if somebody ends up back in Paris for some of the openings back in Paris for some of the openings back in Paris for some of the openings that are happening there. The only one that are happening there. The only one that are happening there. The only one that's like set in stone getting planned that's like set in stone getting planned that's like set in stone getting planned is the one for the adventure, which by is the one for the adventure, which by is the one for the adventure, which by the way, wild ship. Absolutely wild the way, wild ship. Absolutely wild the way, wild ship. Absolutely wild ship. It is. We are really going to have ship. It is. We are really going to have ship. It is. We are really going to have to take a good look around that one. It to take a good look around that one. It to take a good look around that one. It is not like any other Disney ship. is not like any other Disney ship. is not like any other Disney ship. That's for That's for dang sure. And if That's for That's for dang sure. And if That's for That's for dang sure. And if you want to see any other videos in you want to see any other videos in you want to see any other videos in Singapore, let me know. I could go to Singapore, let me know. I could go to Singapore, let me know. I could go to Universal over there. And if there's Universal over there. And if there's Universal over there. And if there's anything, I don't know if you want to anything, I don't know if you want to anything, I don't know if you want to see me just be like a total fish out of see me just be like a total fish out of see me just be like a total fish out of water in Singapore, just [music] let me water in Singapore, just [music] let me water in Singapore, just [music] let me know. I'll make whatever you guys want know. I'll make whatever you guys want know. I'll make whatever you guys want to see. Next up, Joe Hershey says, "I to see. Next up, Joe Hershey says, "I to see. Next up, Joe Hershey says, "I have a question idea. Would the Allers have a question idea. Would the Allers have a question idea. Would the Allers team do some of your awesome games and team do some of your awesome games and team do some of your awesome games and or challenges ProAm [music] style with or challenges ProAm [music] style with or challenges ProAm [music] style with your fans?" I don't know what ProAm is. your fans?" I don't know what ProAm is. your fans?" I don't know what ProAm is. professional amateur professional professional amateur professional professional amateur professional athlete teams with the amateur players. athlete teams with the amateur players. athlete teams with the amateur players. Oh, cute. That makes sense. Um, yeah, we Oh, cute. That makes sense. Um, yeah, we Oh, cute. That makes sense. Um, yeah, we definitely would do that. I think that definitely would do that. I think that definitely would do that. I think that would be super fun. Logistics for would be super fun. Logistics for would be super fun. Logistics for planning a proam Disney game is a whole planning a proam Disney game is a whole planning a proam Disney game is a whole lot trickier than just scheduling Sage lot trickier than just scheduling Sage lot trickier than just scheduling Sage and Breedlove to go play a game master and Breedlove to go play a game master and Breedlove to go play a game master in Magic Kingdom. However, the bigger in Magic Kingdom. However, the bigger in Magic Kingdom. However, the bigger question there is, would you guys want question there is, would you guys want question there is, would you guys want to watch it? I think a lot of folks tell to watch it? I think a lot of folks tell to watch it? I think a lot of folks tell us all the time that they would love to us all the time that they would love to us all the time that they would love to play games with the fans competing with play games with the fans competing with play games with the fans competing with all ears. But imagine if you aren't one all ears. But imagine if you aren't one all ears. But imagine if you aren't one of the fans playing the game. Would you of the fans playing the game. Would you of the fans playing the game. Would you want to watch it? And if not, what would want to watch it? And if not, what would want to watch it? And if not, what would make you want to watch it? That's make you want to watch it? That's make you want to watch it? That's helpful information to me. Jokes on you. helpful information to me. Jokes on you. helpful information to me. Jokes on you. I'm turning this Q&amp;A around. You are I'm turning this Q&amp;A around. You are I'm turning this Q&amp;A around. You are also answering my cues. U you and IQ and also answering my cues. U you and IQ and also answering my cues. U you and IQ and UA. You know, if you have thoughts about UA. You know, if you have thoughts about UA. You know, if you have thoughts about watching videos with um all your fans watching videos with um all your fans watching videos with um all your fans competing in proam style uh games, let competing in proam style uh games, let competing in proam style uh games, let me know in the comments. Something that me know in the comments. Something that me know in the comments. Something that we see a lot is that people are sort of we see a lot is that people are sort of we see a lot is that people are sort of a mixed bag on whether or not they like a mixed bag on whether or not they like a mixed bag on whether or not they like guests in our videos. And keep in mind, guests in our videos. And keep in mind, guests in our videos. And keep in mind, fans are guests. So, we of course are fans are guests. So, we of course are fans are guests. So, we of course are always going to do a mix of content always going to do a mix of content always going to do a mix of content because you can't make everybody happy because you can't make everybody happy because you can't make everybody happy with every single choice and video you with every single choice and video you with every single choice and video you make. You also can't make everybody make. You also can't make everybody make. You also can't make everybody angry with every single choice and video angry with every single choice and video angry with every single choice and video you make. I guess you can actually do you make. I guess you can actually do you make. I guess you can actually do that one, but we definitely don't want that one, but we definitely don't want that one, but we definitely don't want to do that. So that's why it's great to do that. So that's why it's great to do that. So that's why it's great that we make six videos a week right now that we make six videos a week right now that we make six videos a week right now because it means that we can make sure because it means that we can make sure because it means that we can make sure there is something for everybody every there is something for everybody every there is something for everybody every week. So anyway, long story short, let week. So anyway, long story short, let week. So anyway, long story short, let me know in the comments if you would me know in the comments if you would me know in the comments if you would like to see other fans play games with like to see other fans play games with like to see other fans play games with all ears and we'll see. We'll see what all ears and we'll see. We'll see what all ears and we'll see. We'll see what happens. Felicia Michelle 92 asks, "Will happens. Felicia Michelle 92 asks, "Will happens. Felicia Michelle 92 asks, "Will there be more last to leave videos?" All there be more last to leave videos?" All there be more last to leave videos?" All right, got to pull back the curtain here right, got to pull back the curtain here right, got to pull back the curtain here a bit. [clears throat] Last to leave is a bit. [clears throat] Last to leave is a bit. [clears throat] Last to leave is a video that we do where you have the a video that we do where you have the a video that we do where you have the last to leave Disney World wins a Disney last to leave Disney World wins a Disney last to leave Disney World wins a Disney cruise or the last to leave Disney World cruise or the last to leave Disney World cruise or the last to leave Disney World wins a trip to Paris or the last to wins a trip to Paris or the last to wins a trip to Paris or the last to leave Universal wins something at the leave Universal wins something at the leave Universal wins something at the brand new park. These are some of my brand new park. These are some of my brand new park. These are some of my favorite videos that we make. Uh they favorite videos that we make. Uh they favorite videos that we make. Uh they are very complicated, difficult to are very complicated, difficult to are very complicated, difficult to produce. Um and they take about four or produce. Um and they take about four or produce. Um and they take about four or five days to film. It's pretty much an five days to film. It's pretty much an five days to film. It's pretty much an entire week [music] just to film it. entire week [music] just to film it. entire week [music] just to film it. It's also one of the hardest videos for It's also one of the hardest videos for It's also one of the hardest videos for our editors to edit. That said, we our editors to edit. That said, we our editors to edit. That said, we absolutely love making them. They're absolutely love making them. They're absolutely love making them. They're also one of the coolest. I am playing also one of the coolest. I am playing also one of the coolest. I am playing tug-of-war with my dog, Manny. tug-of-war with my dog, Manny. tug-of-war with my dog, Manny. She's winning. The real reason we don't She's winning. The real reason we don't She's winning. The real reason we don't have more last to leave videos on the have more last to leave videos on the have more last to leave videos on the channel is because with the original channel is because with the original channel is because with the original Last to Leave, you know, a year later, Last to Leave, you know, a year later, Last to Leave, you know, a year later, we posted the new Last to Leave. The we posted the new Last to Leave. The we posted the new Last to Leave. The original Last to Leave was still getting original Last to Leave was still getting original Last to Leave was still getting views, still bringing new people to the views, still bringing new people to the views, still bringing new people to the channel. People were still watching it. channel. People were still watching it. channel. People were still watching it. When we posted the new Last to Leave, of When we posted the new Last to Leave, of When we posted the new Last to Leave, of course, the older Last to Leave stopped course, the older Last to Leave stopped course, the older Last to Leave stopped getting as many views. That's not a big getting as many views. That's not a big getting as many views. That's not a big deal in and it of itself because we were deal in and it of itself because we were deal in and it of itself because we were getting more views on the new one. If we getting more views on the new one. If we getting more views on the new one. If we do last sleeves too close together, then do last sleeves too close together, then do last sleeves too close together, then interest will likely start to wne with interest will likely start to wne with interest will likely start to wne with them because they'll start to feel like them because they'll start to feel like them because they'll start to feel like the same thing over and over again, even the same thing over and over again, even the same thing over and over again, even when we make changes and switch them up when we make changes and switch them up when we make changes and switch them up and everything like that. Last to leaves and everything like that. Last to leaves and everything like that. Last to leaves are easily some of our best performing are easily some of our best performing are easily some of our best performing videos on the channel. You guys love videos on the channel. You guys love videos on the channel. You guys love them. We absolutely will be doing more them. We absolutely will be doing more them. We absolutely will be doing more last to leaves. That's just why they last to leaves. That's just why they last to leaves. That's just why they don't happen all the time. That's why don't happen all the time. That's why don't happen all the time. That's why we're not doing last leaves like once a we're not doing last leaves like once a we're not doing last leaves like once a month cuz it would get boring. It's a month cuz it would get boring. It's a month cuz it would get boring. It's a combination of letting the last leaves combination of letting the last leaves combination of letting the last leaves that already came out breathe and also that already came out breathe and also that already came out breathe and also making sure that we can put all of our making sure that we can put all of our making sure that we can put all of our creativity and effort and focus into creativity and effort and focus into creativity and effort and focus into really making an incredible video since really making an incredible video since really making an incredible video since last leaves are so beloved. From Justin last leaves are so beloved. From Justin last leaves are so beloved. From Justin Laauo, are we getting another Amazing Laauo, are we getting another Amazing Laauo, are we getting another Amazing Race and scavenger hunt tournament? This Race and scavenger hunt tournament? This Race and scavenger hunt tournament? This is a great question. So, there's no is a great question. So, there's no is a great question. So, there's no immediate plans for either of these. I immediate plans for either of these. I immediate plans for either of these. I don't know that we'll do Amazing Race don't know that we'll do Amazing Race don't know that we'll do Amazing Race again because if you go and watch again because if you go and watch again because if you go and watch Amazing Race, everybody loved episode 1 Amazing Race, everybody loved episode 1 Amazing Race, everybody loved episode 1 of Amazing Race and then over the course of Amazing Race and then over the course of Amazing Race and then over the course of watching it, it got fewer and fewer of watching it, it got fewer and fewer of watching it, it got fewer and fewer views. If we did Amazing Race again, views. If we did Amazing Race again, views. If we did Amazing Race again, we'd probably do it as one big video we'd probably do it as one big video we'd probably do it as one big video instead of a four video series. Kind of instead of a four video series. Kind of instead of a four video series. Kind of like last to leave and that would be a like last to leave and that would be a like last to leave and that would be a pretty intense video to make, but pretty intense video to make, but pretty intense video to make, but definitely open to it. If you guys are definitely open to it. If you guys are definitely open to it. If you guys are interested, let me know in the comments interested, let me know in the comments interested, let me know in the comments and we will get cooking on it. As you and we will get cooking on it. As you and we will get cooking on it. As you can probably tell, what we are making at can probably tell, what we are making at can probably tell, what we are making at all is based on a couple of things. all is based on a couple of things. all is based on a couple of things. Obviously, logistics of people's time. Obviously, logistics of people's time. Obviously, logistics of people's time. Obviously, what we want to make. Because Obviously, what we want to make. Because Obviously, what we want to make. Because one thing about being a content creator one thing about being a content creator one thing about being a content creator is that if you're not making what you is that if you're not making what you is that if you're not making what you want to make, it's not going to go well. want to make, it's not going to go well. want to make, it's not going to go well. Things that we think will be the most Things that we think will be the most Things that we think will be the most helpful to people who are headed to helpful to people who are headed to helpful to people who are headed to Disney World or Universal or traveling. Disney World or Universal or traveling. Disney World or Universal or traveling. And what our audience likes the best. And what our audience likes the best. And what our audience likes the best. And [music] to figure out what our And [music] to figure out what our And [music] to figure out what our audience likes the best, we look at a audience likes the best, we look at a audience likes the best, we look at a combination of statistics on our YouTube combination of statistics on our YouTube combination of statistics on our YouTube channel. We read your comments. We look channel. We read your comments. We look channel. We read your comments. We look at the view counts and the view counts at the view counts and the view counts at the view counts and the view counts over time. So, we have some videos that over time. So, we have some videos that over time. So, we have some videos that get very, very low views within the get very, very low views within the get very, very low views within the first week, but actually keep getting first week, but actually keep getting first week, but actually keep getting new views for longer than other vid new views for longer than other vid new views for longer than other vid videos. So, even if they have really low videos. So, even if they have really low videos. So, even if they have really low views at the beginning, they might still views at the beginning, they might still views at the beginning, they might still get a good number of views in the long get a good number of views in the long get a good number of views in the long run. And we also look at watch time, run. And we also look at watch time, run. And we also look at watch time, which is how long you guys are hanging which is how long you guys are hanging which is how long you guys are hanging out and watching the videos, which we out and watching the videos, which we out and watching the videos, which we hopefully don't want you clicking out hopefully don't want you clicking out hopefully don't want you clicking out [music] because you find me annoying. [music] because you find me annoying. [music] because you find me annoying. Maybe you do. That's okay if you do. I Maybe you do. That's okay if you do. I Maybe you do. That's okay if you do. I forgive you. You can't please everybody, forgive you. You can't please everybody, forgive you. You can't please everybody, and I probably am a little annoying, but and I probably am a little annoying, but and I probably am a little annoying, but listen, that's the curse of being a listen, that's the curse of being a listen, that's the curse of being a professional Disney adult. It would be professional Disney adult. It would be professional Disney adult. It would be weird if I wasn't a little annoying. weird if I wasn't a little annoying. weird if I wasn't a little annoying. Scavenger hunt tournament-wise, I'd love Scavenger hunt tournament-wise, I'd love Scavenger hunt tournament-wise, I'd love to do another scavenger hunt tournament. to do another scavenger hunt tournament. to do another scavenger hunt tournament. Uh, we are revitalizing the scavenger Uh, we are revitalizing the scavenger Uh, we are revitalizing the scavenger hunts a bit. They [music] were kind of hunts a bit. They [music] were kind of hunts a bit. They [music] were kind of waning in popularity, so we sort of let waning in popularity, so we sort of let waning in popularity, so we sort of let them peter out, but I miss them, man. I them peter out, but I miss them, man. I them peter out, but I miss them, man. I miss them. And we got to make what we miss them. And we got to make what we miss them. And we got to make what we love, right? And we love scavenger love, right? And we love scavenger love, right? And we love scavenger hunts. So, we are revitalizing scavenger hunts. So, we are revitalizing scavenger hunts. So, we are revitalizing scavenger hunt a bit. I think it would be really hunt a bit. I think it would be really hunt a bit. I think it would be really fun to do another scavenger hunt fun to do another scavenger hunt fun to do another scavenger hunt tournament. Karina014 tournament. Karina014 tournament. Karina014 asks, "Are you going to do more 100 days asks, "Are you going to do more 100 days asks, "Are you going to do more 100 days in Disney World series?" probably no. in Disney World series?" probably no. in Disney World series?" probably no. [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] The 100 Days in Disney World series was The 100 Days in Disney World series was The 100 Days in Disney World series was something we wanted to do uh with Emma something we wanted to do uh with Emma something we wanted to do uh with Emma sort of in the main spot. Literally sort of in the main spot. Literally sort of in the main spot. Literally doing everything in Disney World. There doing everything in Disney World. There doing everything in Disney World. There are so many little things in Disney are so many little things in Disney are so many little things in Disney World that people don't even know about, World that people don't even know about, World that people don't even know about, but we wanted them to see them and but we wanted them to see them and but we wanted them to see them and plenty of things that we hadn't done as plenty of things that we hadn't done as plenty of things that we hadn't done as a team because there's just so much to a team because there's just so much to a team because there's just so much to do in Disney World. So, 100 Days let us do in Disney World. So, 100 Days let us do in Disney World. So, 100 Days let us do that. It let us have a fun do that. It let us have a fun do that. It let us have a fun competition to be able to get Fry and I competition to be able to get Fry and I competition to be able to get Fry and I to also go to Paris with Emma. So, it to also go to Paris with Emma. So, it to also go to Paris with Emma. So, it was definitely a really fun series. It was definitely a really fun series. It was definitely a really fun series. It was also 100 videos long. It was massive was also 100 videos long. It was massive was also 100 videos long. It was massive and it took us years to produce. If we and it took us years to produce. If we and it took us years to produce. If we were to do it again, it would be the were to do it again, it would be the were to do it again, it would be the same unless we did it somewhere else. same unless we did it somewhere else. same unless we did it somewhere else. Um, because [music] it would be the same Um, because [music] it would be the same Um, because [music] it would be the same things to do in Disney World. I think things to do in Disney World. I think things to do in Disney World. I think there are very few people who actually there are very few people who actually there are very few people who actually watched all 100 episodes. So, luckily, watched all 100 episodes. So, luckily, watched all 100 episodes. So, luckily, there are 100 episodes for folks to get there are 100 episodes for folks to get there are 100 episodes for folks to get through. If they've only seen a couple through. If they've only seen a couple through. If they've only seen a couple or they've only seen 50, you've got or they've only seen 50, you've got or they've only seen 50, you've got another 50. Um, but it would be the same another 50. Um, but it would be the same another 50. Um, but it would be the same series if we were to do it again. It series if we were to do it again. It series if we were to do it again. It would be all the same stuff we did in would be all the same stuff we did in would be all the same stuff we did in the first one. And our videos stay on the first one. And our videos stay on the first one. And our videos stay on our channel forever. So, we try not to our channel forever. So, we try not to our channel forever. So, we try not to make the same video twice unless a lot make the same video twice unless a lot make the same video twice unless a lot has changed. And though like little has changed. And though like little has changed. And though like little things obviously have changed from the things obviously have changed from the things obviously have changed from the not enough will have changed for not enough will have changed for not enough will have changed for probably like a decade or two for the probably like a decade or two for the probably like a decade or two for the whole series to feel different enough. whole series to feel different enough. whole series to feel different enough. That said, we have been asked about a That said, we have been asked about a That said, we have been asked about a been asked about I'm saying 100 things. been asked about I'm saying 100 things. been asked about I'm saying 100 things. It was 100 days. It was 1,000 things. It was 100 days. It was 1,000 things. It was 100 days. It was 1,000 things. I'm just trying to like I'm like it was I'm just trying to like I'm like it was I'm just trying to like I'm like it was only 100. It was chill. It was not. It only 100. It was chill. It was not. It only 100. It was chill. It was not. It was a thousand. We've been asked about was a thousand. We've been asked about was a thousand. We've been asked about doing 100 days series in Universal in doing 100 days series in Universal in doing 100 days series in Universal in Disneyland. Outside of a few exceptions, Disneyland. Outside of a few exceptions, Disneyland. Outside of a few exceptions, our Disney World content is what you our Disney World content is what you our Disney World content is what you guys are most interested in. So, if we guys are most interested in. So, if we guys are most interested in. So, if we were to do 100 videos in Disney World or were to do 100 videos in Disney World or were to do 100 videos in Disney World or Disneyland, it would mean less content Disneyland, it would mean less content Disneyland, it would mean less content in Disney World and that would mean not in Disney World and that would mean not in Disney World and that would mean not making the content that our audience is making the content that our audience is making the content that our audience is most excited about. So, that's why we most excited about. So, that's why we most excited about. So, that's why we probably won't do anything like that. We probably won't do anything like that. We probably won't do anything like that. We might do a shorter version like 20 days. might do a shorter version like 20 days. might do a shorter version like 20 days. Um, and also we don't live in Um, and also we don't live in Um, and also we don't live in California, so Disneyland would be even California, so Disneyland would be even California, so Disneyland would be even trickier. But that is why we're probably trickier. But that is why we're probably trickier. But that is why we're probably not going to do more 100 days not going to do more 100 days not going to do more 100 days specifically, but we will do video specifically, but we will do video specifically, but we will do video series that feel like it. For instance, series that feel like it. For instance, series that feel like it. For instance, little teaser [music] little teaser [music] little teaser [music] coming up in January. There's a new coming up in January. There's a new coming up in January. There's a new series called Rate My Trip. It is a series called Rate My Trip. It is a series called Rate My Trip. It is a game. It's also a little bit vloggy, game. It's also a little bit vloggy, game. It's also a little bit vloggy, like 100 Days. I think you guys are like 100 Days. I think you guys are like 100 Days. I think you guys are really going to like it. Those games really going to like it. Those games really going to like it. Those games will be coming out in January on Mondays will be coming out in January on Mondays will be coming out in January on Mondays and Fridays. And if you liked 100 days, and Fridays. And if you liked 100 days, and Fridays. And if you liked 100 days, if you like game masters, if you like if you like game masters, if you like if you like game masters, if you like scavenger hunts, I think you're really scavenger hunts, I think you're really scavenger hunts, I think you're really going to like Rate My Trip. So, go ahead going to like Rate My Trip. So, go ahead going to like Rate My Trip. So, go ahead and make sure you catch that. The first and make sure you catch that. The first and make sure you catch that. The first one is on Monday the 5th, January 5th one is on Monday the 5th, January 5th one is on Monday the 5th, January 5th from John Leto. What is the origin of from John Leto. What is the origin of from John Leto. What is the origin of the name Frybucket? I don't think I'm the name Frybucket? I don't think I'm the name Frybucket? I don't think I'm allowed to answer this, but I'll tell allowed to answer this, but I'll tell allowed to answer this, but I'll tell you some secrets. Frybucket is obviously you some secrets. Frybucket is obviously you some secrets. Frybucket is obviously not her real name. Fry does not want her not her real name. Fry does not want her not her real name. Fry does not want her real name shared in our content. Um, but real name shared in our content. Um, but real name shared in our content. Um, but I don't even use her real name. I met I don't even use her real name. I met I don't even use her real name. I met Fry as Fry. [music] That has been her Fry as Fry. [music] That has been her Fry as Fry. [music] That has been her nickname since before I met her at all nickname since before I met her at all nickname since before I met her at all years. She has always been Fry Bucket to years. She has always been Fry Bucket to years. She has always been Fry Bucket to me. She's in my phone as Frybucket. And me. She's in my phone as Frybucket. And me. She's in my phone as Frybucket. And one time I accidentally said her real one time I accidentally said her real one time I accidentally said her real name to her and both of us were like, name to her and both of us were like, name to her and both of us were like, "Oh no." I'll tell you this. This is "Oh no." I'll tell you this. This is "Oh no." I'll tell you this. This is This is a little treat. There is a story This is a little treat. There is a story This is a little treat. There is a story behind the nickname Frybug. behind the nickname Frybug. behind the nickname Frybug. &gt;&gt; Once upon a time in the magical kingdom &gt;&gt; Once upon a time in the magical kingdom &gt;&gt; Once upon a time in the magical kingdom of Orlando, there lived a brighteyed of Orlando, there lived a brighteyed of Orlando, there lived a brighteyed adventurer known simply as Fry. She adventurer known simply as Fry. She adventurer known simply as Fry. She wasn't called that yet, of course. Names wasn't called that yet, of course. Names wasn't called that yet, of course. Names of great destiny must be earned. But she of great destiny must be earned. But she of great destiny must be earned. But she wandered the lands with a heart full of wandered the lands with a heart full of wandered the lands with a heart full of curiosity and a stomach that could sense curiosity and a stomach that could sense curiosity and a stomach that could sense a snack opportunity from a mile away. a snack opportunity from a mile away. a snack opportunity from a mile away. One golden morning, as the sun One golden morning, as the sun One golden morning, as the sun shimmerred across the spires of shimmerred across the spires of shimmerred across the spires of Cinderella Castle, for I heard whispers Cinderella Castle, for I heard whispers Cinderella Castle, for I heard whispers carried on the breeze. The birds chirped carried on the breeze. The birds chirped carried on the breeze. The birds chirped about it. The dapperdans harmonized about it. The dapperdans harmonized about it. The dapperdans harmonized about it. Even the statues in the hub about it. Even the statues in the hub about it. Even the statues in the hub seemed to lean in. A new treasure had seemed to lean in. A new treasure had seemed to lean in. A new treasure had appeared. A treasure of legendary appeared. A treasure of legendary appeared. A treasure of legendary crispiness. A treasure of mythical crispiness. A treasure of mythical crispiness. A treasure of mythical saltiness. [music] A treasure known only saltiness. [music] A treasure known only saltiness. [music] A treasure known only as the bottomless bucket of enchanted as the bottomless bucket of enchanted as the bottomless bucket of enchanted fries. This magical bucket was said to fries. This magical bucket was said to fries. This magical bucket was said to appear only to the one true snack chosen appear only to the one true snack chosen appear only to the one true snack chosen hero. [music] The person destined to hero. [music] The person destined to hero. [music] The person destined to bring joy, laughter, and a mild sodium bring joy, laughter, and a mild sodium bring joy, laughter, and a mild sodium overload to the kingdom. Guided by fate overload to the kingdom. Guided by fate overload to the kingdom. Guided by fate [music] and the smell of fresh potatoes, [music] and the smell of fresh potatoes, [music] and the smell of fresh potatoes, Fry journeyed to the place where the Fry journeyed to the place where the Fry journeyed to the place where the bucket was rumored to rest. A humble bucket was rumored to rest. A humble bucket was rumored to rest. A humble food stand glowing with a mysterious food stand glowing with a mysterious food stand glowing with a mysterious golden light. As she approached, the golden light. As she approached, the golden light. As she approached, the cast member guarding the stand gasped. cast member guarding the stand gasped. cast member guarding the stand gasped. "You," they whispered. [music] "You are "You," they whispered. [music] "You are "You," they whispered. [music] "You are the one foretold." And with great the one foretold." And with great the one foretold." And with great ceremony, they presented her [music] ceremony, they presented her [music] ceremony, they presented her [music] with the enchanted Fry bucket, with the enchanted Fry bucket, with the enchanted Fry bucket, shimmering with pixie dust and possibly shimmering with pixie dust and possibly shimmering with pixie dust and possibly a little grease. [music] The moment Fry a little grease. [music] The moment Fry a little grease. [music] The moment Fry touched it, the bucket glowed brighter touched it, the bucket glowed brighter touched it, the bucket glowed brighter than the fireworks over the castle. From than the fireworks over the castle. From than the fireworks over the castle. From that day forward, the bucket never that day forward, the bucket never that day forward, the bucket never emptied, no matter how many fries she emptied, no matter how many fries she emptied, no matter how many fries she shared with villagers, [music] shared with villagers, [music] shared with villagers, [music] travelers, or confused toddlers. It travelers, or confused toddlers. It travelers, or confused toddlers. It remained full, a symbol of abundance, remained full, a symbol of abundance, remained full, a symbol of abundance, generosity, and the power of carbs. Word generosity, and the power of carbs. Word generosity, and the power of carbs. Word spread quickly across the kingdom. spread quickly across the kingdom. spread quickly across the kingdom. Children cheered when they saw her. Children cheered when they saw her. Children cheered when they saw her. Grown-ups bowed. Cast members nodded Grown-ups bowed. Cast members nodded Grown-ups bowed. Cast members nodded knowingly, and soon, no one called her knowingly, and soon, no one called her knowingly, and soon, no one called her by her old name anymore. She became by her old name anymore. She became by her old name anymore. She became known throughout the land as Frybucket, known throughout the land as Frybucket, known throughout the land as Frybucket, guardian of the golden [music] potatoes, guardian of the golden [music] potatoes, guardian of the golden [music] potatoes, bringer of laughter, champion of snacks. bringer of laughter, champion of snacks. bringer of laughter, champion of snacks. My full uh name on my birth certificate, My full uh name on my birth certificate, My full uh name on my birth certificate, by the way. And when she joined the by the way. And when she joined the by the way. And when she joined the storytellers at Allars, they welcomed storytellers at Allars, they welcomed storytellers at Allars, they welcomed her as the hero she was, knowing her her as the hero she was, knowing her her as the hero she was, knowing her enchanted bucket would guide her through enchanted bucket would guide her through enchanted bucket would guide her through every [music] adventure, every review, every [music] adventure, every review, every [music] adventure, every review, and every chaotic theme park moment yet and every chaotic theme park moment yet and every chaotic theme park moment yet to come. And so Fry Bucket lived happily to come. And so Fry Bucket lived happily to come. And so Fry Bucket lived happily ever after, [music] sharing fries, ever after, [music] sharing fries, ever after, [music] sharing fries, spreading joy, and proving that spreading joy, and proving that spreading joy, and proving that sometimes the greatest magic comes in a sometimes the greatest magic comes in a sometimes the greatest magic comes in a bucket. There you have it. [music] That bucket. There you have it. [music] That bucket. There you have it. [music] That is the very true, absolutely 100% is the very true, absolutely 100% is the very true, absolutely 100% accurate story of how I [music] got my accurate story of how I [music] got my accurate story of how I [music] got my name. One of our editors actually has a name. One of our editors actually has a name. One of our editors actually has a nickname that we all refer to him as as nickname that we all refer to him as as nickname that we all refer to him as as well. Um, that came about a similar way, well. Um, that came about a similar way, well. Um, that came about a similar way, and that nickname is Krix. So, we're and that nickname is Krix. So, we're and that nickname is Krix. So, we're kind of a nicknamey nickname space, kind of a nicknamey nickname space, kind of a nicknamey nickname space, [music] [music] [music] but Fry has never shared the origin of but Fry has never shared the origin of but Fry has never shared the origin of her nickname. She likes the mystery. Um, her nickname. She likes the mystery. Um, her nickname. She likes the mystery. Um, she's like Batman. So, I can't I can't she's like Batman. So, I can't I can't she's like Batman. So, I can't I can't say I can't [music] say. Speaking of say I can't [music] say. Speaking of say I can't [music] say. Speaking of nicknames, uh, Gilded Age Morpho 86 nicknames, uh, Gilded Age Morpho 86 nicknames, uh, Gilded Age Morpho 86 asks, "How did the Allers cast get their asks, "How did the Allers cast get their asks, "How did the Allers cast get their nicknames?" So, can't share fries. I can nicknames?" So, can't share fries. I can nicknames?" So, can't share fries. I can share breed loves, I think. I'm googling share breed loves, I think. I'm googling share breed loves, I think. I'm googling what is publicly available about this. what is publicly available about this. what is publicly available about this. &gt;&gt; Well, buckle your seat belts. &gt;&gt; Well, buckle your seat belts. &gt;&gt; Well, buckle your seat belts. It's kind of a long story. M I have a It's kind of a long story. M I have a It's kind of a long story. M I have a feeling it will be edited down feeling it will be edited down feeling it will be edited down dramatically, but I'm going to tell the dramatically, but I'm going to tell the dramatically, but I'm going to tell the whole thing and maybe it could be whole thing and maybe it could be whole thing and maybe it could be released [music] as a as a bonus at some released [music] as a as a bonus at some released [music] as a as a bonus at some point. In 2003, I was working at a point. In 2003, I was working at a point. In 2003, I was working at a department store in New York City called department store in New York City called department store in New York City called Henry Bendle on Fifth Avenue. I had Henry Bendle on Fifth Avenue. I had Henry Bendle on Fifth Avenue. I had launched a makeup line there when I was launched a makeup line there when I was launched a makeup line there when I was when I see 19year-olds. But I was given when I see 19year-olds. But I was given when I see 19year-olds. But I was given a chance by a very famous makeup artist a chance by a very famous makeup artist a chance by a very famous makeup artist named Kevin Aquan. K E V Y N A U C O I named Kevin Aquan. K E V Y N A U C O I named Kevin Aquan. K E V Y N A U C O I N. You can still purchase the makeup N. You can still purchase the makeup N. You can still purchase the makeup line. Um, and it's beautiful. Uh Kevin line. Um, and it's beautiful. Uh Kevin line. Um, and it's beautiful. Uh Kevin unfortunately passed away 6 months after unfortunately passed away 6 months after unfortunately passed away 6 months after we launched the line, but I continued we launched the line, but I continued we launched the line, but I continued working there and actually even took working there and actually even took working there and actually even took time out of college to be able to be time out of college to be able to be time out of college to be able to be there full-time because I wanted to make there full-time because I wanted to make there full-time because I wanted to make sure that Kevin's legacy continued and sure that Kevin's legacy continued and sure that Kevin's legacy continued and that this line survived cuz it was so that this line survived cuz it was so that this line survived cuz it was so [music] beautiful. And so while I was [music] beautiful. And so while I was [music] beautiful. And so while I was there one day, this magical woman there one day, this magical woman there one day, this magical woman appeared working at the Makeup Forever appeared working at the Makeup Forever appeared working at the Makeup Forever counter and her name was Colleen Martin. counter and her name was Colleen Martin. counter and her name was Colleen Martin. She she said, "Okay, this is what we're She she said, "Okay, this is what we're She she said, "Okay, this is what we're gonna do. We're gonna start a party gonna do. We're gonna start a party gonna do. We're gonna start a party together called Freakout, [music] which together called Freakout, [music] which together called Freakout, [music] which is based on a Mothers of Invention uh is based on a Mothers of Invention uh is based on a Mothers of Invention uh you know, Frank Zappa album. And we're you know, Frank Zappa album. And we're you know, Frank Zappa album. And we're going to uh we're going to create this going to uh we're going to create this going to uh we're going to create this party so that we can play later 1960s party so that we can play later 1960s party so that we can play later 1960s music," which was what she was really music," which was what she was really music," which was what she was really into at the time and getting she was into at the time and getting she was into at the time and getting she was getting me into it also. And she uh she getting me into it also. And she uh she getting me into it also. And she uh she said, "And then we're going to like find said, "And then we're going to like find said, "And then we're going to like find perfect outfits. We're going to make perfect outfits. We're going to make perfect outfits. We're going to make flyers. We're going to do a photo shoot. flyers. We're going to do a photo shoot. flyers. We're going to do a photo shoot. And we're going to introduce you as a And we're going to introduce you as a And we're going to introduce you as a go- go dancer in New York City, but we go- go dancer in New York City, but we go- go dancer in New York City, but we have to find a name for you. Her go-go have to find a name for you. Her go-go have to find a name for you. Her go-go dancing name at the time was Miss dancing name at the time was Miss dancing name at the time was Miss Colleen M. But then she did change her Colleen M. But then she did change her Colleen M. But then she did change her name for this particular party to name for this particular party to name for this particular party to calling all Martians because her real calling all Martians because her real calling all Martians because her real name is Colleen. Colleen L. Martin. So, name is Colleen. Colleen L. Martin. So, name is Colleen. Colleen L. Martin. So, uh, she had a new name and she was like, uh, she had a new name and she was like, uh, she had a new name and she was like, "You have to have a new name." So, she "You have to have a new name." So, she "You have to have a new name." So, she was looking for clothes for me. She was was looking for clothes for me. She was was looking for clothes for me. She was shopping on early eBay, 2003, [music] shopping on early eBay, 2003, [music] shopping on early eBay, 2003, [music] and she found this label inside of a and she found this label inside of a and she found this label inside of a Craig Breedlove for Sears. Now, my real Craig Breedlove for Sears. Now, my real Craig Breedlove for Sears. Now, my real name is Craig. So, she saw this and she name is Craig. So, she saw this and she name is Craig. So, she saw this and she was like, "Craig Breedlove? was like, "Craig Breedlove? was like, "Craig Breedlove? That is a stage name." And so, she sent That is a stage name." And so, she sent That is a stage name." And so, she sent it to me and she said, "I think this is it to me and she said, "I think this is it to me and she said, "I think this is your name." And I said, "You think Craig your name." And I said, "You think Craig your name." And I said, "You think Craig breed love?" And she goes, "No, just breed love?" And she goes, "No, just breed love?" And she goes, "No, just breed love." And eventually Lady Gaga breed love." And eventually Lady Gaga breed love." And eventually Lady Gaga came to one of our parties before she came to one of our parties before she came to one of our parties before she was famous and she saw what we were was famous and she saw what we were was famous and she saw what we were doing and she was like, "This is doing and she was like, "This is doing and she was like, "This is amazing. Like, I need to be a part of amazing. Like, I need to be a part of amazing. Like, I need to be a part of this." The same thing happened to her this." The same thing happened to her this." The same thing happened to her that happened to me the minute I saw that happened to me the minute I saw that happened to me the minute I saw Colleen. And she uh by that time, Colleen. And she uh by that time, Colleen. And she uh by that time, Colleen had changed her name to Lady Colleen had changed her name to Lady Colleen had changed her name to Lady Starlight. She was now a heavy metal DJ. Starlight. She was now a heavy metal DJ. Starlight. She was now a heavy metal DJ. A lot of time had passed, many A lot of time had passed, many A lot of time had passed, many generations, eras of music. We had gone generations, eras of music. We had gone generations, eras of music. We had gone through British glam rock and and by through British glam rock and and by through British glam rock and and by this point she was DJing uh 45s of heavy this point she was DJing uh 45s of heavy this point she was DJing uh 45s of heavy metal. Lady Gaga came up to her and metal. Lady Gaga came up to her and metal. Lady Gaga came up to her and said, "You know, I I'm looking for a said, "You know, I I'm looking for a said, "You know, I I'm looking for a vinyl DJ to be my DJ. I'm a singer vinyl DJ to be my DJ. I'm a singer vinyl DJ to be my DJ. I'm a singer songwriter. I'm having all of my tracks songwriter. I'm having all of my tracks songwriter. I'm having all of my tracks pressed on vinyl. Would you want to be pressed on vinyl. Would you want to be pressed on vinyl. Would you want to be my co-star in my show?" A and Colleen my co-star in my show?" A and Colleen my co-star in my show?" A and Colleen was like, "Yeah, I would love to." And was like, "Yeah, I would love to." And was like, "Yeah, I would love to." And and you know, she said, "My name is Lady and you know, she said, "My name is Lady and you know, she said, "My name is Lady Starlight." And she said, "My name's Starlight." And she said, "My name's Starlight." And she said, "My name's Lady Gaga, and it looks like this is Lady Gaga, and it looks like this is Lady Gaga, and it looks like this is perfect." So, Colleen opened on every perfect." So, Colleen opened on every perfect." So, Colleen opened on every Gaga tour starting with the um Monster Gaga tour starting with the um Monster Gaga tour starting with the um Monster Ball all the way through to the Art Ball all the way through to the Art Ball all the way through to the Art Rave, which was also the tour that I Rave, which was also the tour that I Rave, which was also the tour that I opened on. [music] And it was just this opened on. [music] And it was just this opened on. [music] And it was just this amazing journey of them collaborating amazing journey of them collaborating amazing journey of them collaborating and Colleen in a lot of ways really and Colleen in a lot of ways really and Colleen in a lot of ways really helping her find herself helping her find herself helping her find herself uh as a visual expressionist. And it's uh as a visual expressionist. And it's uh as a visual expressionist. And it's so cool that, you know, I didn't know it so cool that, you know, I didn't know it so cool that, you know, I didn't know it at the time, but my name or my being at the time, but my name or my being at the time, but my name or my being named by Lady Starlight would end up named by Lady Starlight would end up named by Lady Starlight would end up having me associated for the rest of my having me associated for the rest of my having me associated for the rest of my life with one of the biggest pop stars life with one of the biggest pop stars life with one of the biggest pop stars in history. And it all happened just in history. And it all happened just in history. And it all happened just because I was inspired and I fell in because I was inspired and I fell in because I was inspired and I fell in love with uh an amazing person who took love with uh an amazing person who took love with uh an amazing person who took me under her wing. She actually gave me me under her wing. She actually gave me me under her wing. She actually gave me the time of day and the time of day and the time of day and offered me that honor. &gt;&gt; So that's where the name comes from. &gt;&gt; So that's where the name comes from. &gt;&gt; So that's where the name comes from. He's a very cool guy. Basically, he's He's a very cool guy. Basically, he's He's a very cool guy. Basically, he's way cooler than you think based on the way cooler than you think based on the way cooler than you think based on the fact that he uh recently got diagnosed fact that he uh recently got diagnosed fact that he uh recently got diagnosed with sleep apnea. and has a bedtime of like 9:00 p.m. He's and has a bedtime of like 9:00 p.m. He's and has a bedtime of like 9:00 p.m. He's really cool. Of course, I think Breed really cool. Of course, I think Breed really cool. Of course, I think Breed Love is cool for other reasons, and that Love is cool for other reasons, and that Love is cool for other reasons, and that is that Craig is a very, very, very dear is that Craig is a very, very, very dear is that Craig is a very, very, very dear friend of mine. I love him so so so friend of mine. I love him so so so friend of mine. I love him so so so much. It is such a privilege to get to much. It is such a privilege to get to much. It is such a privilege to get to work with him. So, [music] his very just work with him. So, [music] his very just work with him. So, [music] his very just insane past is awesome. But, uh, current insane past is awesome. But, uh, current insane past is awesome. But, uh, current Craig, who you guys get to hang out with Craig, who you guys get to hang out with Craig, who you guys get to hang out with in the all videos, is cool all on his in the all videos, is cool all on his in the all videos, is cool all on his own. Other nicknames. Do we have other own. Other nicknames. Do we have other own. Other nicknames. Do we have other nicknames? I don't have any nicknames. nicknames? I don't have any nicknames. nicknames? I don't have any nicknames. Nobody calls me anything fun, [music] Nobody calls me anything fun, [music] Nobody calls me anything fun, [music] right? And that doesn't have any right? And that doesn't have any right? And that doesn't have any nicknames. I mean, there's our team nicknames. I mean, there's our team nicknames. I mean, there's our team names which we just developed in the names which we just developed in the names which we just developed in the games, but I think you guys know that. games, but I think you guys know that. games, but I think you guys know that. Like Quage. Not difficult to figure out Like Quage. Not difficult to figure out Like Quage. Not difficult to figure out where Quage came [music] from. From where Quage came [music] from. From where Quage came [music] from. From Katie Zak Zak from Katie Z. Sorry Katie, Katie Zak Zak from Katie Z. Sorry Katie, Katie Zak Zak from Katie Z. Sorry Katie, your last name is really cool. Um, I'd your last name is really cool. Um, I'd your last name is really cool. Um, I'd also like to hear more about how Stage also like to hear more about how Stage also like to hear more about how Stage manages to work for All Ears and support manages to work for All Ears and support manages to work for All Ears and support Disney Entertainment, like how he helped Disney Entertainment, like how he helped Disney Entertainment, like how he helped with a villain show. Everybody who works with a villain show. Everybody who works with a villain show. Everybody who works at Allers is really cool, except maybe at Allers is really cool, except maybe at Allers is really cool, except maybe me. Well, um, first things first, I me. Well, um, first things first, I me. Well, um, first things first, I don't believe in the phrase jack of all don't believe in the phrase jack of all don't believe in the phrase jack of all trades, master of none. Uh, I am a trades, master of none. Uh, I am a trades, master of none. Uh, I am a self-proclaimed generalist. I think it's self-proclaimed generalist. I think it's self-proclaimed generalist. I think it's important to open up as many doors as important to open up as many doors as important to open up as many doors as possible, go down as many paths as possible, go down as many paths as possible, go down as many paths as possible, and continue to grow and learn possible, and continue to grow and learn possible, and continue to grow and learn and figure out what excites you. I'm an and figure out what excites you. I'm an and figure out what excites you. I'm an actor. I'm a singer. I'm I'm a performer actor. I'm a singer. I'm I'm a performer actor. I'm a singer. I'm I'm a performer uh who just has a love for Disney uh who just has a love for Disney uh who just has a love for Disney specifically because of my upbringing. specifically because of my upbringing. specifically because of my upbringing. I'm very curious to see how Quincy is is I'm very curious to see how Quincy is is I'm very curious to see how Quincy is is also answering this question. also answering this question. also answering this question. &gt;&gt; I actually met Sage when he was playing &gt;&gt; I actually met Sage when he was playing &gt;&gt; I actually met Sage when he was playing Sammy on the Galactic Star Cruiser. And Sammy on the Galactic Star Cruiser. And Sammy on the Galactic Star Cruiser. And if you go and watch our Galactic Star if you go and watch our Galactic Star if you go and watch our Galactic Star Cruiser video, you will see a pre-all Cruiser video, you will see a pre-all Cruiser video, you will see a pre-all ear Sage as [music] Sammy on the ship. ear Sage as [music] Sammy on the ship. ear Sage as [music] Sammy on the ship. Sage has always done other work while Sage has always done other work while Sage has always done other work while working with All Ears. So, we for a working with All Ears. So, we for a working with All Ears. So, we for a while were his main gig. For a while while were his main gig. For a while while were his main gig. For a while there, Sage was full-time with All Ears there, Sage was full-time with All Ears there, Sage was full-time with All Ears and did some other gigs in his free and did some other gigs in his free and did some other gigs in his free time. He's now part-time with All Ears. time. He's now part-time with All Ears. time. He's now part-time with All Ears. So that's why you're still seeing him in So that's why you're still seeing him in So that's why you're still seeing him in videos, but maybe just not quite as videos, but maybe just not quite as videos, but maybe just not quite as often because he has had some really often because he has had some really often because he has had some really exciting opportunities in Orlando. One exciting opportunities in Orlando. One exciting opportunities in Orlando. One of which is that he did help develop and of which is that he did help develop and of which is that he did help develop and is a major performer in Villains is a major performer in Villains is a major performer in Villains Unfairly Ever After at Disney's Unfairly Ever After at Disney's Unfairly Ever After at Disney's Hollywood Studios. I will just say um Hollywood Studios. I will just say um Hollywood Studios. I will just say um Sage is kind of a scallwag and he's Sage is kind of a scallwag and he's Sage is kind of a scallwag and he's friends with some serious scallwags. And friends with some serious scallwags. And friends with some serious scallwags. And who is the world's most famous scallwag? who is the world's most famous scallwag? who is the world's most famous scallwag? The world's most famous crook, none The world's most famous crook, none The world's most famous crook, none other than Captain Hook. He and [music] other than Captain Hook. He and [music] other than Captain Hook. He and [music] Sage are tight. But yeah, basically Sage Sage are tight. But yeah, basically Sage Sage are tight. But yeah, basically Sage is a Sage is a performer. He performs is a Sage is a performer. He performs is a Sage is a performer. He performs all over. Uh sometimes he's doing gigs all over. Uh sometimes he's doing gigs all over. Uh sometimes he's doing gigs on cruise ships. Sometimes he's singing on cruise ships. Sometimes he's singing on cruise ships. Sometimes he's singing at Disney Springs. Sometimes he's at Disney Springs. Sometimes he's at Disney Springs. Sometimes he's producing his own stuff like an insanely producing his own stuff like an insanely producing his own stuff like an insanely cool immersive theater game experience cool immersive theater game experience cool immersive theater game experience called Good Neighbor Game. Breedle and I called Good Neighbor Game. Breedle and I called Good Neighbor Game. Breedle and I both went to the dress rehearsal as they both went to the dress rehearsal as they both went to the dress rehearsal as they were sort of putting the finishing were sort of putting the finishing were sort of putting the finishing touches on and I loved it so much that I touches on and I loved it so much that I touches on and I loved it so much that I made all of my friends go for my made all of my friends go for my made all of my friends go for my birthday. [music] birthday. [music] birthday. [music] So he's just a talented guy. Um, of So he's just a talented guy. Um, of So he's just a talented guy. Um, of course he's got his band Sound Up and course he's got his band Sound Up and course he's got his band Sound Up and just like it works with any performer, just like it works with any performer, just like it works with any performer, Sage has contracts and he manages the Sage has contracts and he manages the Sage has contracts and he manages the scheduling himself. His job works a scheduling himself. His job works a scheduling himself. His job works a little different from like me or Emma. little different from like me or Emma. little different from like me or Emma. Um, where a lot of the folks that you Um, where a lot of the folks that you Um, where a lot of the folks that you see here, we are full-time with all see here, we are full-time with all see here, we are full-time with all ears. This is our main gig, 9 to5, ears. This is our main gig, 9 to5, ears. This is our main gig, 9 to5, except it's sometimes 7:00 a.m. to 2:00 except it's sometimes 7:00 a.m. to 2:00 except it's sometimes 7:00 a.m. to 2:00 a.m. when you're trying to write a.m. when you're trying to write a.m. when you're trying to write everything in Disney World in one day. everything in Disney World in one day. everything in Disney World in one day. And for Sage, we are one of his gigs. So And for Sage, we are one of his gigs. So And for Sage, we are one of his gigs. So that's how it works. He's a very, very that's how it works. He's a very, very that's how it works. He's a very, very busy man. I it is hard to keep up with busy man. I it is hard to keep up with busy man. I it is hard to keep up with everything all at once sometimes, but uh everything all at once sometimes, but uh everything all at once sometimes, but uh you know, you surround yourself with you know, you surround yourself with you know, you surround yourself with people who uh support that and love you people who uh support that and love you people who uh support that and love you unconditionally through the hard times unconditionally through the hard times unconditionally through the hard times and the easy times. But I say I'm just and the easy times. But I say I'm just and the easy times. But I say I'm just going to continue to grow and I hope you going to continue to grow and I hope you going to continue to grow and I hope you do the same. Uh and keep your eyes open do the same. Uh and keep your eyes open do the same. Uh and keep your eyes open cuz you never know where you're going to cuz you never know where you're going to cuz you never know where you're going to find me and you never know where I might find me and you never know where I might find me and you never know where I might turn up next. &gt;&gt; It is hard to nail him down when you &gt;&gt; It is hard to nail him down when you &gt;&gt; It is hard to nail him down when you want to go get a drink at Fat Tuesdays. want to go get a drink at Fat Tuesdays. want to go get a drink at Fat Tuesdays. But I'll tell you from Jennifer Wartk. I But I'll tell you from Jennifer Wartk. I But I'll tell you from Jennifer Wartk. I would love to hear more about Quincy's would love to hear more about Quincy's would love to hear more about Quincy's ear wall. She has said multiple times ear wall. She has said multiple times ear wall. She has said multiple times that she doesn't wear ears. So, I'm that she doesn't wear ears. So, I'm that she doesn't wear ears. So, I'm always in awe that she has such a large always in awe that she has such a large always in awe that she has such a large ear wall and doesn't wear them. Is it ear wall and doesn't wear them. Is it ear wall and doesn't wear them. Is it just a massive collection that has never just a massive collection that has never just a massive collection that has never been worn? Do they have special meanings been worn? Do they have special meanings been worn? Do they have special meanings or from certain events? Does she use or from certain events? Does she use or from certain events? Does she use them to help camouflage herself when she them to help camouflage herself when she them to help camouflage herself when she goes and doesn't want to be recognized? goes and doesn't want to be recognized? goes and doesn't want to be recognized? No. First of all, that never happens. If No. First of all, that never happens. If No. First of all, that never happens. If I go to Disney World, I could wear a wig I go to Disney World, I could wear a wig I go to Disney World, I could wear a wig [music] and clothes that aren't mine and [music] and clothes that aren't mine and [music] and clothes that aren't mine and you guys would still find me. And this you guys would still find me. And this you guys would still find me. And this is true because it's happened many a is true because it's happened many a is true because it's happened many a time that I was filming hide-and-seek. time that I was filming hide-and-seek. time that I was filming hide-and-seek. But yeah, let's let's go talk about my But yeah, let's let's go talk about my But yeah, let's let's go talk about my ear wall. This is interesting. This is ear wall. This is interesting. This is ear wall. This is interesting. This is part of All Ears HQ. And these ears are part of All Ears HQ. And these ears are part of All Ears HQ. And these ears are not mine. They're all ears' ears. We got not mine. They're all ears' ears. We got not mine. They're all ears' ears. We got all the ears. It's not a misnomer. So, all the ears. It's not a misnomer. So, all the ears. It's not a misnomer. So, back like a couple of years ago, the way back like a couple of years ago, the way back like a couple of years ago, the way to make content about ears, you had to to make content about ears, you had to to make content about ears, you had to buy them because that's how you got the buy them because that's how you got the buy them because that's how you got the pretty picture, the pretty video that pretty picture, the pretty video that pretty picture, the pretty video that people actually wanted to see when new people actually wanted to see when new people actually wanted to see when new ears came out. So, back in the day, all ears came out. So, back in the day, all ears came out. So, back in the day, all used to buy all these ears. And now used to buy all these ears. And now used to buy all these ears. And now they're here on this wall. And these they're here on this wall. And these they're here on this wall. And these aren't all the ears. Uh, there's more in aren't all the ears. Uh, there's more in aren't all the ears. Uh, there's more in the all your storage. Ears. Wait, ears. the all your storage. Ears. Wait, ears. the all your storage. Ears. Wait, ears. Yeah. And Yeah. And Yeah. And ears. There's so many ears. We have a ears. There's so many ears. We have a ears. There's so many ears. We have a lot of stuff. Also, all these popcorn lot of stuff. Also, all these popcorn lot of stuff. Also, all these popcorn buckets, whole section of Figment, buckets, whole section of Figment, buckets, whole section of Figment, whole section of orange bird zippers. whole section of orange bird zippers. whole section of orange bird zippers. Like so many cuz they keep putting Like so many cuz they keep putting Like so many cuz they keep putting slushes in there. So, we just end up slushes in there. So, we just end up slushes in there. So, we just end up with tons of stuff. But, this is the with tons of stuff. But, this is the with tons of stuff. But, this is the Allar's inventory. So, basically either Allar's inventory. So, basically either Allar's inventory. So, basically either anything purchased over the years for anything purchased over the years for anything purchased over the years for All Year's videos, content. We have a All Year's videos, content. We have a All Year's videos, content. We have a whole drawer here of like costumes. Uh whole drawer here of like costumes. Uh whole drawer here of like costumes. Uh there's tiny hands and clown noses in there's tiny hands and clown noses in there's tiny hands and clown noses in there. Um also anything gifted from a there. Um also anything gifted from a there. Um also anything gifted from a media event. Uh anything bought for the media event. Uh anything bought for the media event. Uh anything bought for the blogs over years and years and years is blogs over years and years and years is blogs over years and years and years is in the inventory. So yeah, that's the in the inventory. So yeah, that's the in the inventory. So yeah, that's the explanation behind the ears. Well, even explanation behind the ears. Well, even explanation behind the ears. Well, even though I don't wear ears, because my though I don't wear ears, because my though I don't wear ears, because my head is big. Um I don't think it looks head is big. Um I don't think it looks head is big. Um I don't think it looks big, but apparently it's weirdly big. big, but apparently it's weirdly big. big, but apparently it's weirdly big. They fall right off my head and they They fall right off my head and they They fall right off my head and they give me headaches. So, as long as you give me headaches. So, as long as you give me headaches. So, as long as you can't tell that my head's really big. can't tell that my head's really big. can't tell that my head's really big. Craig Howell asks, "What is the typical Craig Howell asks, "What is the typical Craig Howell asks, "What is the typical time frame from planning a video to it time frame from planning a video to it time frame from planning a video to it going live?" Uh, it depends. So, most going live?" Uh, it depends. So, most going live?" Uh, it depends. So, most concepts we have a really, really long concepts we have a really, really long concepts we have a really, really long time in advance. Like, usually we do time in advance. Like, usually we do time in advance. Like, usually we do concepting every few months and then we concepting every few months and then we concepting every few months and then we have like hundreds of concepts and I can have like hundreds of concepts and I can have like hundreds of concepts and I can just pull from those to help make the just pull from those to help make the just pull from those to help make the schedule. But when we actually start schedule. But when we actually start schedule. But when we actually start making the video, like shot listing, we making the video, like shot listing, we making the video, like shot listing, we usually get to shot listing a week usually get to shot listing a week usually get to shot listing a week before the video films. videos are before the video films. videos are before the video films. videos are filmed no less as long as we can help it filmed no less as long as we can help it filmed no less as long as we can help it than two weeks in advance in most cases. than two weeks in advance in most cases. than two weeks in advance in most cases. Sometimes it gets a little tighter, but Sometimes it gets a little tighter, but Sometimes it gets a little tighter, but we try to film about two weeks in we try to film about two weeks in we try to film about two weeks in advance. So, usually a production advance. So, usually a production advance. So, usually a production schedule is about 3 weeks. [music] Now, schedule is about 3 weeks. [music] Now, schedule is about 3 weeks. [music] Now, there are exceptions to this. Um, for there are exceptions to this. Um, for there are exceptions to this. Um, for instance, festivals. Uh, we usually instance, festivals. Uh, we usually instance, festivals. Uh, we usually don't get menus for the festivals until don't get menus for the festivals until don't get menus for the festivals until about a week out. Um, and then we flip about a week out. Um, and then we flip about a week out. Um, and then we flip the festival video overnight. That the festival video overnight. That the festival video overnight. That production is kind of only a week. We production is kind of only a week. We production is kind of only a week. We have videos that take a lot longer um have videos that take a lot longer um have videos that take a lot longer um like Last to Leave where uh the process like Last to Leave where uh the process like Last to Leave where uh the process of writing that takes a couple of weeks of writing that takes a couple of weeks of writing that takes a couple of weeks usually. Rebecca Costra asks, "My usually. Rebecca Costra asks, "My usually. Rebecca Costra asks, "My question is how do you keep up the question is how do you keep up the question is how do you keep up the excitement when you're in the park so excitement when you're in the park so excitement when you're in the park so much? Our family is lucky enough to go much? Our family is lucky enough to go much? Our family is lucky enough to go two to three times a year, but I find two to three times a year, but I find two to three times a year, but I find myself sometimes not as excited to be myself sometimes not as excited to be myself sometimes not as excited to be [music] there if one trip is close to [music] there if one trip is close to [music] there if one trip is close to another. You're there every week. What another. You're there every week. What another. You're there every week. What keeps it fresh?" This is a great keeps it fresh?" This is a great keeps it fresh?" This is a great question. This job has definitely question. This job has definitely question. This job has definitely changed my relationship with Disney changed my relationship with Disney changed my relationship with Disney World. um I don't feel as excited by it World. um I don't feel as excited by it World. um I don't feel as excited by it anymore or enchanted, which also just anymore or enchanted, which also just anymore or enchanted, which also just might be because I'm older. And it's a might be because I'm older. And it's a might be because I'm older. And it's a little harder to feel the magic in like little harder to feel the magic in like little harder to feel the magic in like everything when you're not a kid. But uh everything when you're not a kid. But uh everything when you're not a kid. But uh I think for me the magic changed. It now I think for me the magic changed. It now I think for me the magic changed. It now isn't about, oh, I want to ride pirates isn't about, oh, I want to ride pirates isn't about, oh, I want to ride pirates so much. Uh now when I go, it's a lot so much. Uh now when I go, it's a lot so much. Uh now when I go, it's a lot more about like, oh, I just want to be more about like, oh, I just want to be more about like, oh, I just want to be in Magic Kingdom. I just get to be in in Magic Kingdom. I just get to be in in Magic Kingdom. I just get to be in Magic Kingdom. It's about the vibe more Magic Kingdom. It's about the vibe more Magic Kingdom. It's about the vibe more than it is about like the specific than it is about like the specific than it is about like the specific things that I get to do that make it things that I get to do that make it things that I get to do that make it feel magical to me. Also, there is feel magical to me. Also, there is feel magical to me. Also, there is something that will never change for me, something that will never change for me, something that will never change for me, and that is the memories that I've made and that is the memories that I've made and that is the memories that I've made with my family and friends in Disney with my family and friends in Disney with my family and friends in Disney World. That's what it is about for me. World. That's what it is about for me. World. That's what it is about for me. That's where the nostalgia for it comes That's where the nostalgia for it comes That's where the nostalgia for it comes from. And every time I go, I'm making from. And every time I go, I'm making from. And every time I go, I'm making new memories. And memories in Disney new memories. And memories in Disney new memories. And memories in Disney World are some of the most cherished World are some of the most cherished World are some of the most cherished memories that I have. So, I think that memories that I have. So, I think that memories that I have. So, I think that that is like that's always going to be that is like that's always going to be that is like that's always going to be magical. I always try to do new stuff. magical. I always try to do new stuff. magical. I always try to do new stuff. You never know. Uh there's probably tons You never know. Uh there's probably tons You never know. Uh there's probably tons of stuff that you haven't done. Always of stuff that you haven't done. Always of stuff that you haven't done. Always try to do something new. Try to do try to do something new. Try to do try to do something new. Try to do something you thought you would never something you thought you would never something you thought you would never like. Um, even before I was working like. Um, even before I was working like. Um, even before I was working here, I did the Frozen sing along one here, I did the Frozen sing along one here, I did the Frozen sing along one time with my brother when we were both time with my brother when we were both time with my brother when we were both adults. We were both over 18. We loved adults. We were both over 18. We loved adults. We were both over 18. We loved it. We had never thought to do it it. We had never thought to do it it. We had never thought to do it before. We did a trip where it was all before. We did a trip where it was all before. We did a trip where it was all about doing stuff we'd never done. So, about doing stuff we'd never done. So, about doing stuff we'd never done. So, that keeps it fresh. And then, this is that keeps it fresh. And then, this is that keeps it fresh. And then, this is probably not super helpful, but we probably not super helpful, but we probably not super helpful, but we absolutely love seeing other folks absolutely love seeing other folks absolutely love seeing other folks experience the magic for the first time experience the magic for the first time experience the magic for the first time or just experience magic at all. I love or just experience magic at all. I love or just experience magic at all. I love eavesdropping on people just having eavesdropping on people just having eavesdropping on people just having wonderful times in Disney World and that wonderful times in Disney World and that wonderful times in Disney World and that just like makes my heart warm. just like makes my heart warm. just like makes my heart warm. Obviously, it's hot and it's crowded and Obviously, it's hot and it's crowded and Obviously, it's hot and it's crowded and tempers can run high in Disney World tempers can run high in Disney World tempers can run high in Disney World too, but it's really I'm really lucky to too, but it's really I'm really lucky to too, but it's really I'm really lucky to get to work in a place where [music] get to work in a place where [music] get to work in a place where [music] um generally it's folks making lifetime um generally it's folks making lifetime um generally it's folks making lifetime family memories together. From Michelle family memories together. From Michelle family memories together. From Michelle Phoenix 17, will Wednesday videos Phoenix 17, will Wednesday videos Phoenix 17, will Wednesday videos return? They might return. So, when we return? They might return. So, when we return? They might return. So, when we stopped doing Wednesday videos, we said stopped doing Wednesday videos, we said stopped doing Wednesday videos, we said it was so that we could work on it was so that we could work on it was so that we could work on something very exciting. That is true. something very exciting. That is true. something very exciting. That is true. Um we are working on a combination of Um we are working on a combination of Um we are working on a combination of things and in general just a sort of things and in general just a sort of things and in general just a sort of level up [music] level up [music] level up [music] um a change a progression to the kind of um a change a progression to the kind of um a change a progression to the kind of content that we make. Uh we are still content that we make. Uh we are still content that we make. Uh we are still very much in that phase uh where we are very much in that phase uh where we are very much in that phase uh where we are looking at what it's like to make travel looking at what it's like to make travel looking at what it's like to make travel content or um or new types of content in content or um or new types of content in content or um or new types of content in general. What types of content people general. What types of content people general. What types of content people really like and resonate with and we are really like and resonate with and we are really like and resonate with and we are very much in that process. Um, that very much in that process. Um, that very much in that process. Um, that said, uh, making another video a week said, uh, making another video a week said, uh, making another video a week going back up to seven would just mean going back up to seven would just mean going back up to seven would just mean that we would have more chances to hit that we would have more chances to hit that we would have more chances to hit the mark on what we want to do and what the mark on what we want to do and what the mark on what we want to do and what we want to create and getting better and we want to create and getting better and we want to create and getting better and better over time and making cooler better over time and making cooler better over time and making cooler content that you guys love. So, content that you guys love. So, content that you guys love. So, absolutely, Wednesday videos might absolutely, Wednesday videos might absolutely, Wednesday videos might return. It's entirely possible they return. It's entirely possible they return. It's entirely possible they return within like the next couple of return within like the next couple of return within like the next couple of months. It's also possible that we hit a months. It's also possible that we hit a months. It's also possible that we hit a stride that works with the six videos stride that works with the six videos stride that works with the six videos and that's what we stick with. But the and that's what we stick with. But the and that's what we stick with. But the answer is a firm maybe. Chant Mloud answer is a firm maybe. Chant Mloud answer is a firm maybe. Chant Mloud asks, "What's your least favorite ride asks, "What's your least favorite ride asks, "What's your least favorite ride or attraction in Walt Disney World that or attraction in Walt Disney World that or attraction in Walt Disney World that you need to keep experiencing because you need to keep experiencing because you need to keep experiencing because that's your job." Cali River Rapids. that's your job." Cali River Rapids. that's your job." Cali River Rapids. This ride is the worst. I love raft This ride is the worst. I love raft This ride is the worst. I love raft rides. I really like water rides. I rides. I really like water rides. I rides. I really like water rides. I think they're fun. Raft rides are fun. think they're fun. Raft rides are fun. think they're fun. Raft rides are fun. Cali River Rapids is a bad raft ride. It Cali River Rapids is a bad raft ride. It Cali River Rapids is a bad raft ride. It is. I I know that it's important that we is. I I know that it's important that we is. I I know that it's important that we learn about deforestation. I just don't learn about deforestation. I just don't learn about deforestation. I just don't know that a raft ride is the local to do know that a raft ride is the local to do know that a raft ride is the local to do that kind of education. Um, and the that kind of education. Um, and the that kind of education. Um, and the bigger complaint that I have with it is bigger complaint that I have with it is bigger complaint that I have with it is the track is just boring. Um, you pretty the track is just boring. Um, you pretty the track is just boring. Um, you pretty much go up a big hill and then you have much go up a big hill and then you have much go up a big hill and then you have like a soothing chill river ride for like a soothing chill river ride for like a soothing chill river ride for most of the ride and then you go down most of the ride and then you go down most of the ride and then you go down one big hill and [music] every time I'm one big hill and [music] every time I'm one big hill and [music] every time I'm on it, everybody else in the ride goes, on it, everybody else in the ride goes, on it, everybody else in the ride goes, "That's it." when we pull back into the "That's it." when we pull back into the "That's it." when we pull back into the station. It's just not a very good raft station. It's just not a very good raft station. It's just not a very good raft ride. I prefer Papey and Pluto's Build ride. I prefer Papey and Pluto's Build ride. I prefer Papey and Pluto's Build Barges. Some other takes from the team. Barges. Some other takes from the team. Barges. Some other takes from the team. Astro Orbiter. Um, Emma really hates Astro Orbiter. Um, Emma really hates Astro Orbiter. Um, Emma really hates Astro Orbiter. Uh, and the rest of us Astro Orbiter. Uh, and the rest of us Astro Orbiter. Uh, and the rest of us don't love it because it does take a don't love it because it does take a don't love it because it does take a long time and an elevator ride and a long time and an elevator ride and a long time and an elevator ride and a long wait to get up there and then it is long wait to get up there and then it is long wait to get up there and then it is kind of scary. Um, so Astro Orbiter's up kind of scary. Um, so Astro Orbiter's up kind of scary. Um, so Astro Orbiter's up there. Yeah, those are the big ones. I there. Yeah, those are the big ones. I there. Yeah, those are the big ones. I think from I love vacations, most think from I love vacations, most think from I love vacations, most unexpected or hardest part of the job. unexpected or hardest part of the job. unexpected or hardest part of the job. This one's pretty easy to answer. Um, This one's pretty easy to answer. Um, This one's pretty easy to answer. Um, this job is really, really hard on your this job is really, really hard on your this job is really, really hard on your body. And you don't think that because body. And you don't think that because body. And you don't think that because it's not like we're athletes. It's not it's not like we're athletes. It's not it's not like we're athletes. It's not like we're doing construction or like we're doing construction or like we're doing construction or anything crazy. We're mostly just anything crazy. We're mostly just anything crazy. We're mostly just walking. But think about how you feel on walking. But think about how you feel on walking. But think about how you feel on like day three or four of your Disney like day three or four of your Disney like day three or four of your Disney vacation after doing open to close park vacation after doing open to close park vacation after doing open to close park days. And then imagine that that was days. And then imagine that that was days. And then imagine that that was your every week you were doing that. It your every week you were doing that. It your every week you were doing that. It gets it really breaks you down over gets it really breaks you down over gets it really breaks you down over time. Like at first you're not you're time. Like at first you're not you're time. Like at first you're not you're like this is cool. This is great. I'm like this is cool. This is great. I'm like this is cool. This is great. I'm doing open to and closed park days every doing open to and closed park days every doing open to and closed park days every day. But then you realize like oh my day. But then you realize like oh my day. But then you realize like oh my feet are falling [music] apart and I feet are falling [music] apart and I feet are falling [music] apart and I have plantar fasciitis and it is so have plantar fasciitis and it is so have plantar fasciitis and it is so insanely hot in Florida especially in insanely hot in Florida especially in insanely hot in Florida especially in the summer and humid. It's just really the summer and humid. It's just really the summer and humid. It's just really hard on your body. Um I come home from hard on your body. Um I come home from hard on your body. Um I come home from the parks a lot of the days with the parks a lot of the days with the parks a lot of the days with headaches just cuz it is so difficult to headaches just cuz it is so difficult to headaches just cuz it is so difficult to stay hydrated with the humidity and the stay hydrated with the humidity and the stay hydrated with the humidity and the heat. Um, so that's the hardest part of heat. Um, so that's the hardest part of heat. Um, so that's the hardest part of the job is just actually [music] the job is just actually [music] the job is just actually [music] physically the action of walking 25,000 physically the action of walking 25,000 physically the action of walking 25,000 steps and being in Florida. This last steps and being in Florida. This last steps and being in Florida. This last question comes from an all years viewer question comes from an all years viewer question comes from an all years viewer um, who I've never heard of, but I'm um, who I've never heard of, but I'm um, who I've never heard of, but I'm sure she's very nice. All Ears Emma sure she's very nice. All Ears Emma sure she's very nice. All Ears Emma asks, "Is Emma your best friend? And why asks, "Is Emma your best friend? And why asks, "Is Emma your best friend? And why is the answer yes?" is the answer yes?" is the answer yes?" And finally, we had a lot of comments And finally, we had a lot of comments And finally, we had a lot of comments asking for more games and challenges on asking for more games and challenges on asking for more games and challenges on both Instagram and Facebook. Um, to both Instagram and Facebook. Um, to both Instagram and Facebook. Um, to answer your question, yes. As you know, answer your question, yes. As you know, answer your question, yes. As you know, we had Emma relocate, some changes to we had Emma relocate, some changes to we had Emma relocate, some changes to the way that the team functioned this the way that the team functioned this the way that the team functioned this past year. Made it a little more past year. Made it a little more past year. Made it a little more difficult to do regular games and difficult to do regular games and difficult to do regular games and challenges, but we've settled. We found challenges, but we've settled. We found challenges, but we've settled. We found our footing, and I think you're going to our footing, and I think you're going to our footing, and I think you're going to be very happy with the number of games be very happy with the number of games be very happy with the number of games and challenges that are coming in and challenges that are coming in and challenges that are coming in January. Thank you guys so much for this January. Thank you guys so much for this January. Thank you guys so much for this Q&amp;A. Remember, if you have other Q&amp;A. Remember, if you have other Q&amp;A. Remember, if you have other questions, ask them in the comments, and questions, ask them in the comments, and questions, ask them in the comments, and I'll hit them. Um, we love you guys so I'll hit them. Um, we love you guys so I'll hit them. Um, we love you guys so [music] [music] [music] insanely much. Thank you so much for insanely much. Thank you so much for insanely much. Thank you so much for being here. You are the reason we get to being here. You are the reason we get to being here. You are the reason we get to do what we do. You're the reason that we do what we do. You're the reason that we do what we do. You're the reason that we do it all. Um, and it is just a absolute do it all. Um, and it is just a absolute do it all. Um, and it is just a absolute privilege and honor to have you all here privilege and honor to have you all here privilege and honor to have you all here watching this video and any of the other watching this video and any of the other watching this video and any of the other ones. So, thank you so much from the ones. So, thank you so much from the ones. So, thank you so much from the bottom of my heart. Uh, and yeah, I'll bottom of my heart. Uh, and yeah, I'll bottom of my heart. Uh, and yeah, I'll see you next time, I guess. Um, I can see you next time, I guess. Um, I can see you next time, I guess. Um, I can say my stuff. If you are still here, you say my stuff. If you are still here, you say my stuff. If you are still here, you can tell me by leaving the secret code can tell me by leaving the secret code can tell me by leaving the secret code in the comments. You should also like in the comments. You should also like in the comments. You should also like this video and subscribe if you haven't. this video and subscribe if you haven't. this video and subscribe if you haven't. If you are here watching this and you're If you are here watching this and you're If you are here watching this and you're not subscribed, that's wild. Please not subscribed, that's wild. Please not subscribed, that's wild. Please subscribe, but you're clearly invested. subscribe, but you're clearly invested. subscribe, but you're clearly invested. Um, yeah. I'll see you next time.
