---
video_id: ImCyCp3QDnI
channel: AllEars.net
title: "I Stayed Overnight in Disney's Hollywood Studios"
published: 2025-12-26
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ImCyCp3QDnI
---
I stayed overnight in Disney's Hollywood I stayed overnight in Disney's Hollywood I stayed overnight in Disney's Hollywood Studios and then the next night I did it Studios and then the next night I did it Studios and then the next night I did it again in Disney's Animal Kingdom. No, I again in Disney's Animal Kingdom. No, I again in Disney's Animal Kingdom. No, I don't work there and it wasn't illegal. don't work there and it wasn't illegal. don't work there and it wasn't illegal. But I did really do this. I'm talking But I did really do this. I'm talking But I did really do this. I'm talking secret middle of the night Disney World secret middle of the night Disney World secret middle of the night Disney World activities happening all around me. And activities happening all around me. And activities happening all around me. And in this instance, celebrities, extremely in this instance, celebrities, extremely in this instance, celebrities, extremely expensive cameras, massive lights and expensive cameras, massive lights and expensive cameras, massive lights and stages that were built secretly in the stages that were built secretly in the stages that were built secretly in the night. and then dismantled before guests night. and then dismantled before guests night. and then dismantled before guests arrived in front of Millennium Falcon arrived in front of Millennium Falcon arrived in front of Millennium Falcon Smugglers Run and the Tree of Life. I Smugglers Run and the Tree of Life. I Smugglers Run and the Tree of Life. I get to tell you about it. Disney invited get to tell you about it. Disney invited get to tell you about it. Disney invited [music] us this year to go behind the [music] us this year to go behind the [music] us this year to go behind the scenes and be a part of the audience for scenes and be a part of the audience for scenes and be a part of the audience for some actual filming that ABC was doing some actual filming that ABC was doing some actual filming that ABC was doing in Disney World. In this case, it was in Disney World. In this case, it was in Disney World. In this case, it was the Wonderful World of Disney Holiday the Wonderful World of Disney Holiday the Wonderful World of Disney Holiday Spectacular, which you can see on Hulu, Spectacular, which you can see on Hulu, Spectacular, which you can see on Hulu, Disney Plus, or the Disney YouTube Disney Plus, or the Disney YouTube Disney Plus, or the Disney YouTube channel now through January 4th, 2025. channel now through January 4th, 2025. channel now through January 4th, 2025. And I am in it. I have to be very And I am in it. I have to be very And I am in it. I have to be very eagle-eyed to see. and also same time eagle-eyed to see. and also same time eagle-eyed to see. and also same time for the Disney parks magical Christmas for the Disney parks magical Christmas for the Disney parks magical Christmas day parade which you can watch on ABC on day parade which you can watch on ABC on day parade which you can watch on ABC on Christmas morning or the next day on Christmas morning or the next day on Christmas morning or the next day on Hulu, Disney Plus or the Disney YouTube Hulu, Disney Plus or the Disney YouTube Hulu, Disney Plus or the Disney YouTube channel. So we were there as media. channel. So we were there as media. channel. So we were there as media. There were some influencers who were There were some influencers who were There were some influencers who were invited to some of the performances cuz invited to some of the performances cuz invited to some of the performances cuz there were celebrity performances and there were celebrity performances and there were celebrity performances and then most of the audiences that you see then most of the audiences that you see then most of the audiences that you see in these kinds of specials [music] are in these kinds of specials [music] are in these kinds of specials [music] are cast members who can sign up to get to cast members who can sign up to get to cast members who can sign up to get to go to this stuff through their like cast go to this stuff through their like cast go to this stuff through their like cast [music] member behind the scenes portal. [music] member behind the scenes portal. [music] member behind the scenes portal. It's a little perk for them. So, most of It's a little perk for them. So, most of It's a little perk for them. So, most of the audience is cast members. So, the audience is cast members. So, the audience is cast members. So, basically, this is just a super fun basically, this is just a super fun basically, this is just a super fun quick video where I'm going to share quick video where I'm going to share quick video where I'm going to share some serious behind-the-scenes some serious behind-the-scenes some serious behind-the-scenes information about what [music] the information about what [music] the information about what [music] the Disney parks are like in the middle of Disney parks are like in the middle of Disney parks are like in the middle of the night, what it's like to basically the night, what it's like to basically the night, what it's like to basically be an extra for ABC filming [music] in be an extra for ABC filming [music] in be an extra for ABC filming [music] in Disney World and a little bit about what Disney World and a little bit about what Disney World and a little bit about what this very late middle of the night this very late middle of the night this very late middle of the night Disney media event was like. So, you're Disney media event was like. So, you're Disney media event was like. So, you're going to have me talking to you here, going to have me talking to you here, going to have me talking to you here, but also Quincy from the past is here but also Quincy from the past is here but also Quincy from the past is here when she was at the event to tell you when she was at the event to tell you when she was at the event to tell you more about it in Animal Kingdom at 5:00 more about it in Animal Kingdom at 5:00 more about it in Animal Kingdom at 5:00 a.m. Been here for 2 hours already. a.m. Been here for 2 hours already. a.m. Been here for 2 hours already. Already seen one of the performers and Already seen one of the performers and Already seen one of the performers and we've got another to see because we are we've got another to see because we are we've got another to see because we are extras in the Disney and ABC holiday extras in the Disney and ABC holiday extras in the Disney and ABC holiday specials, which is [music] wild. How specials, which is [music] wild. How specials, which is [music] wild. How crazy is that? Look at my lights. crazy is that? Look at my lights. crazy is that? Look at my lights. &gt;&gt; Let's see him. Everybody get him up in &gt;&gt; Let's see him. Everybody get him up in &gt;&gt; Let's see him. Everybody get him up in the air. the air. the air. &gt;&gt; Nice. Is he over there? Is he one of the &gt;&gt; Nice. Is he over there? Is he one of the &gt;&gt; Nice. Is he over there? Is he one of the Oh my gosh. and then wave those hands high in the and then wave those hands high in the and then wave those hands high in the air. So that is exactly what we want to air. So that is exactly what we want to air. So that is exactly what we want to see when we call action at the top of see when we call action at the top of see when we call action at the top of the song. We want to see all that the song. We want to see all that the song. We want to see all that excitement at everybody so excitement at everybody so excitement at everybody so you can you can you can &gt;&gt; You're so excited. &gt;&gt; You're so excited. &gt;&gt; You're so excited. &gt;&gt; Look at that smile. &gt;&gt; Look at that smile. &gt;&gt; Look at that smile. &gt;&gt; We're doing great. &gt;&gt; We're doing great. &gt;&gt; We're doing great. After checking in to our hotel that I After checking in to our hotel that I After checking in to our hotel that I was weirdly excited about in retrospect, was weirdly excited about in retrospect, was weirdly excited about in retrospect, we got to have dinner over in Disney we got to have dinner over in Disney we got to have dinner over in Disney Springs um that was hosted for us to to Springs um that was hosted for us to to Springs um that was hosted for us to to fuel us [music] for the very little fuel us [music] for the very little fuel us [music] for the very little sleep we were getting ahead. And luckily sleep we were getting ahead. And luckily sleep we were getting ahead. And luckily it was a very filling dinner cuz it was it was a very filling dinner cuz it was it was a very filling dinner cuz it was at homecoming [music] and you heard me at homecoming [music] and you heard me at homecoming [music] and you heard me say dinner was early. Uh we got to kind say dinner was early. Uh we got to kind say dinner was early. Uh we got to kind of select our dinner time. I picked of select our dinner time. I picked of select our dinner time. I picked [music] the earliest possible because I [music] the earliest possible because I [music] the earliest possible because I was like we have a wakeup call that is was like we have a wakeup call that is was like we have a wakeup call that is unbelievable. So, we're eating dinner unbelievable. So, we're eating dinner unbelievable. So, we're eating dinner early. We're getting in our jammies, and early. We're getting in our jammies, and early. We're getting in our jammies, and we're [music] going to sleep. Did that we're [music] going to sleep. Did that we're [music] going to sleep. Did that happen? No. Slept about an hour and 45 happen? No. Slept about an hour and 45 happen? No. Slept about an hour and 45 minutes this night because our wakeup minutes this night because our wakeup minutes this night because our wakeup call was at 3:30 a.m. Okay, day one of a call was at 3:30 a.m. Okay, day one of a call was at 3:30 a.m. Okay, day one of a very interesting Disney media event. very interesting Disney media event. very interesting Disney media event. [music] Um, this is going to be kind of [music] Um, this is going to be kind of [music] Um, this is going to be kind of like a behind thescenes vibe of what it like a behind thescenes vibe of what it like a behind thescenes vibe of what it actually looks like to cover some of actually looks like to cover some of actually looks like to cover some of this stuff as a as a vlogger. As a this stuff as a as a vlogger. As a this stuff as a as a vlogger. As a blogger. Um, so I am at my hotel. Um, blogger. Um, so I am at my hotel. Um, blogger. Um, so I am at my hotel. Um, this is Disney's Portland Riverside this is Disney's Portland Riverside this is Disney's Portland Riverside provided by Disney. Thank you Disney for provided by Disney. Thank you Disney for provided by Disney. Thank you Disney for providing the room and also just for providing the room and also just for providing the room and also just for having me for this event. This is having me for this event. This is having me for this event. This is awesome. Um, just checked in. It is 400 awesome. Um, just checked in. It is 400 awesome. Um, just checked in. It is 400 p.m. on Tuesday when we just checked in. p.m. on Tuesday when we just checked in. p.m. on Tuesday when we just checked in. Um, so going to go head to the room, Um, so going to go head to the room, Um, so going to go head to the room, drop some stuff off, see the room. I'm drop some stuff off, see the room. I'm drop some stuff off, see the room. I'm really excited cuz we're in a part of really excited cuz we're in a part of really excited cuz we're in a part of this hotel that I've always wanted to this hotel that I've always wanted to this hotel that I've always wanted to stay in and I never have gotten to. I've stay in and I never have gotten to. I've stay in and I never have gotten to. I've stayed in every Disney hotel, but not stayed in every Disney hotel, but not stayed in every Disney hotel, but not the cool part of this one that I wanted the cool part of this one that I wanted the cool part of this one that I wanted to stay in. The area in question is the to stay in. The area in question is the to stay in. The area in question is the alligator bio section of Porteran's alligator bio section of Porteran's alligator bio section of Porteran's Riverside. And my friend is here, Riverside. And my friend is here, Riverside. And my friend is here, Miranda. Miranda. Miranda. So, we're just going to see the room So, we're just going to see the room So, we're just going to see the room right now real quick and scan our cards right now real quick and scan our cards right now real quick and scan our cards in um cuz it does help your Magic Bands in um cuz it does help your Magic Bands in um cuz it does help your Magic Bands work later. Room reveal. work later. Room reveal. work later. Room reveal. Oh, I've never been in Alligator Bayou Oh, I've never been in Alligator Bayou Oh, I've never been in Alligator Bayou room. Me neither. room. Me neither. room. Me neither. &gt;&gt; It's so cute. But I'll likely also be &gt;&gt; It's so cute. But I'll likely also be &gt;&gt; It's so cute. But I'll likely also be doing a full updated tour of Port doing a full updated tour of Port doing a full updated tour of Port Orleans Riverside, one of the most Orleans Riverside, one of the most Orleans Riverside, one of the most popular um and value for money hotels in popular um and value for money hotels in popular um and value for money hotels in Disney World, so you can keep an eye out Disney World, so you can keep an eye out Disney World, so you can keep an eye out for that on the channel. Oh my gosh. for that on the channel. Oh my gosh. for that on the channel. Oh my gosh. &gt;&gt; All right, we made it to our homecoming &gt;&gt; All right, we made it to our homecoming &gt;&gt; All right, we made it to our homecoming table. We've got some goods and more table. We've got some goods and more table. We've got some goods and more goods to come. We're doing a full review goods to come. We're doing a full review goods to come. We're doing a full review of this, which is on the channel right of this, which is on the channel right of this, which is on the channel right now. You can go check it out. Good morning. Guess what time it is? Good morning. Guess what time it is? Good morning. Guess what time it is? I'm ready miraculously and going to head I'm ready miraculously and going to head I'm ready miraculously and going to head outside. The bus leaves at 4:30. We are outside. The bus leaves at 4:30. We are outside. The bus leaves at 4:30. We are supposed to be outside for the bus at supposed to be outside for the bus at supposed to be outside for the bus at minutes early, which is great because minutes early, which is great because minutes early, which is great because I've heard tell that um they're giving I've heard tell that um they're giving I've heard tell that um they're giving us a little something to help with the us a little something to help with the us a little something to help with the fact that it's 3:47 in the morning. Oh fact that it's 3:47 in the morning. Oh fact that it's 3:47 in the morning. Oh boy. We're going to have some fun, boy. We're going to have some fun, boy. We're going to have some fun, though. So, let's do it. Brutal, man. though. So, let's do it. Brutal, man. though. So, let's do it. Brutal, man. You can kind of get a sense of my vibes You can kind of get a sense of my vibes You can kind of get a sense of my vibes for the 3:30 a.m. wake up call. So, yes, for the 3:30 a.m. wake up call. So, yes, for the 3:30 a.m. wake up call. So, yes, I am wearing an outfit that was in dress I am wearing an outfit that was in dress I am wearing an outfit that was in dress code. We had dress code for being in the code. We had dress code for being in the code. We had dress code for being in the audience. Obviously, like if you're in a audience. Obviously, like if you're in a audience. Obviously, like if you're in a movie as an extra, which I've also done, movie as an extra, which I've also done, movie as an extra, which I've also done, uh, you get costumed by the costume uh, you get costumed by the costume uh, you get costumed by the costume department. I was in a movie called In department. I was in a movie called In department. I was in a movie called In [music] the Eyes of Tammy Fay with [music] the Eyes of Tammy Fay with [music] the Eyes of Tammy Fay with Jessica Chastain and Andrew Garfield. Jessica Chastain and Andrew Garfield. Jessica Chastain and Andrew Garfield. I'm in two scenes at the very beginning I'm in two scenes at the very beginning I'm in two scenes at the very beginning of the movie. You can really see me in of the movie. You can really see me in of the movie. You can really see me in the classroom scene where Andrew the classroom scene where Andrew the classroom scene where Andrew Garfield is giving a presentation. Um, Garfield is giving a presentation. Um, Garfield is giving a presentation. Um, but I got costumed for that in actual but I got costumed for that in actual but I got costumed for that in actual vintage clothing, right down to the vintage clothing, right down to the vintage clothing, right down to the underwear. That's not the case. Um, underwear. That's not the case. Um, underwear. That's not the case. Um, [music] for stuff like this, if you have [music] for stuff like this, if you have [music] for stuff like this, if you have filming where you just are supposed to filming where you just are supposed to filming where you just are supposed to have like a live audience, typically you have like a live audience, typically you have like a live audience, typically you give the audience directives of what to give the audience directives of what to give the audience directives of what to wear. And that is what occurred here. wear. And that is what occurred here. wear. And that is what occurred here. [music] So ABC had told us to wear uh [music] So ABC had told us to wear uh [music] So ABC had told us to wear uh green and beige, like neutrals, [music] green and beige, like neutrals, [music] green and beige, like neutrals, [music] um, because we're going to be in Star um, because we're going to be in Star um, because we're going to be in Star Wars Galaxy's Edge, and so they were Wars Galaxy's Edge, and so they were Wars Galaxy's Edge, and so they were like, you know, green and beige and like, you know, green and beige and like, you know, green and beige and neutrals. [music] So I was like, okay, I neutrals. [music] So I was like, okay, I neutrals. [music] So I was like, okay, I can do that. But I mentioned that there can do that. But I mentioned that there can do that. But I mentioned that there was a little something something to help was a little something something to help was a little something something to help make the early morning wakeup call not make the early morning wakeup call not make the early morning wakeup call not so bad. [music] Uh, and that is very so bad. [music] Uh, and that is very so bad. [music] Uh, and that is very true. The reason we had to have rooms in true. The reason we had to have rooms in true. The reason we had to have rooms in this section of Port Orleans is because this section of Port Orleans is because this section of Port Orleans is because it allowed them to park the Joffrey's it allowed them to park the Joffrey's it allowed them to park the Joffrey's coffee truck right outside our hotel coffee truck right outside our hotel coffee truck right outside our hotel room. That is what I'm talking about. room. That is what I'm talking about. room. That is what I'm talking about. Where's my Zoom? Where's my Zoom? Where's my Zoom? Yeah, Disney to make up for the uh Yeah, Disney to make up for the uh Yeah, Disney to make up for the uh morning has got us the Joffrey's truck. morning has got us the Joffrey's truck. morning has got us the Joffrey's truck. Joffrey's is [music] a coffee company Joffrey's is [music] a coffee company Joffrey's is [music] a coffee company that is all around Disney. They do have that is all around Disney. They do have that is all around Disney. They do have like a coffee truck, a food truck, like a coffee truck, a food truck, like a coffee truck, a food truck, [music] [music] [music] but it's not typically around. It's but it's not typically around. It's but it's not typically around. It's Haunted Mansion themed. Um, occasionally Haunted Mansion themed. Um, occasionally Haunted Mansion themed. Um, occasionally it comes out like at events you might it comes out like at events you might it comes out like at events you might see it. And they parked that Joffrey's see it. And they parked that Joffrey's see it. And they parked that Joffrey's truck right outside our hotel for us. truck right outside our hotel for us. truck right outside our hotel for us. So, we got to leave the hotel and walk So, we got to leave the hotel and walk So, we got to leave the hotel and walk just like 30 [music] steps out and just like 30 [music] steps out and just like 30 [music] steps out and Joffrey's was right there. And it was Joffrey's was right there. And it was Joffrey's was right there. And it was all comped and hosted for us. And I was all comped and hosted for us. And I was all comped and hosted for us. And I was like, you know what? I will get up at like, you know what? I will get up at like, you know what? I will get up at Jaw [music] Freeze uh 10 steps out of my Jaw [music] Freeze uh 10 steps out of my Jaw [music] Freeze uh 10 steps out of my door for free. It's bold, honestly, that door for free. It's bold, honestly, that door for free. It's bold, honestly, that I could even drink a plain coffee at I could even drink a plain coffee at I could even drink a plain coffee at else suffering would have occurred. Then else suffering would have occurred. Then else suffering would have occurred. Then we were off on one of those fancy buses. we were off on one of those fancy buses. we were off on one of those fancy buses. They were playing Disney cartoons, but They were playing Disney cartoons, but They were playing Disney cartoons, but otherwise it was really dark and like otherwise it was really dark and like otherwise it was really dark and like really comfortable on the bus. This was really comfortable on the bus. This was really comfortable on the bus. This was really cool because basically the bus really cool because basically the bus really cool because basically the bus took us to Disney's Hollywood Studios. took us to Disney's Hollywood Studios. took us to Disney's Hollywood Studios. All we knew [music] was that we were All we knew [music] was that we were All we knew [music] was that we were going to be in the audience for the live going to be in the audience for the live going to be in the audience for the live celebrity music performances that are celebrity music performances that are celebrity music performances that are actually performed for real live in actually performed for real live in actually performed for real live in [music] Hollywood Studios. I was so [music] Hollywood Studios. I was so [music] Hollywood Studios. I was so excited to find out who we were going to excited to find out who we were going to excited to find out who we were going to get to see. Um, we knew that we were get to see. Um, we knew that we were get to see. Um, we knew that we were going to see four different performances going to see four different performances going to see four different performances across the two nights, but I was also across the two nights, but I was also across the two nights, but I was also really excited to [music] see what really excited to [music] see what really excited to [music] see what Hollywood Studios is like at 3:47 a.m. Hollywood Studios is like at 3:47 a.m. Hollywood Studios is like at 3:47 a.m. We weren't allowed to take any content We weren't allowed to take any content We weren't allowed to take any content or filming except when we were up by the or filming except when we were up by the or filming except when we were up by the actual ABC set. So, we couldn't take any actual ABC set. So, we couldn't take any actual ABC set. So, we couldn't take any content like walking through Hollywood content like walking through Hollywood content like walking through Hollywood [music] Studios. I desperately wanted [music] Studios. I desperately wanted [music] Studios. I desperately wanted to, but luckily we didn't see one of the to, but luckily we didn't see one of the to, but luckily we didn't see one of the like little street cleaner robots, which like little street cleaner robots, which like little street cleaner robots, which have been rumored to exist, which is have been rumored to exist, which is have been rumored to exist, which is what I wanted to get a video of, and we what I wanted to get a video of, and we what I wanted to get a video of, and we didn't see one. [music] So, it's fine. didn't see one. [music] So, it's fine. didn't see one. [music] So, it's fine. What was interesting is that the entire What was interesting is that the entire What was interesting is that the entire park was wet at 3:47 a.m. and it had not park was wet at 3:47 a.m. and it had not park was wet at 3:47 a.m. and it had not rained. Um, every [music] single pathway rained. Um, every [music] single pathway rained. Um, every [music] single pathway had been washed. And I believe they do had been washed. And I believe they do had been washed. And I believe they do this every single night because the this every single night because the this every single night because the entire park was wet. And I guess I did entire park was wet. And I guess I did entire park was wet. And I guess I did know that this is a thing because know that this is a thing because know that this is a thing because obviously the pathways are really clean obviously the pathways are really clean obviously the pathways are really clean in Disney [music] World. Um, and I have in Disney [music] World. Um, and I have in Disney [music] World. Um, and I have seen pressure washing happening in the seen pressure washing happening in the seen pressure washing happening in the middle of the night at Epic Universe, middle of the night at Epic Universe, middle of the night at Epic Universe, [music] but that was around opening [music] but that was around opening [music] but that was around opening like, you know, I assumed it was kind of like, you know, I assumed it was kind of like, you know, I assumed it was kind of like a periodic thing. No, the whole like a periodic thing. No, the whole like a periodic thing. No, the whole park was wet. They there's there's park was wet. They there's there's park was wet. They there's there's people washing this park [music] in the people washing this park [music] in the people washing this park [music] in the night. So then we moved and we hung out night. So then we moved and we hung out night. So then we moved and we hung out on ABC Commissary for a bit because they on ABC Commissary for a bit because they on ABC Commissary for a bit because they were still getting things ready over in were still getting things ready over in were still getting things ready over in Galaxy's Edge. Galaxy's Edge. Galaxy's Edge. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; But this is where we started to see the &gt;&gt; But this is where we started to see the &gt;&gt; But this is where we started to see the rest of the audience, the other cast rest of the audience, the other cast rest of the audience, the other cast members. So, just like us, cast members members. So, just like us, cast members members. So, just like us, cast members had to show up to Hollywood Studios had to show up to Hollywood Studios had to show up to Hollywood Studios early as all get out. They did not have early as all get out. They did not have early as all get out. They did not have access to a Joffrey's truck parked in access to a Joffrey's truck parked in access to a Joffrey's truck parked in their driveways at home most likely. their driveways at home most likely. their driveways at home most likely. First celebrity I saw, R2-D2. Not that First celebrity I saw, R2-D2. Not that First celebrity I saw, R2-D2. Not that crazy [music] considering R2-D2 lives in crazy [music] considering R2-D2 lives in crazy [music] considering R2-D2 lives in Star Wars, but we don't have R2-D2 Star Wars, but we don't have R2-D2 Star Wars, but we don't have R2-D2 doesn't like roam and hang out in Disney doesn't like roam and hang out in Disney doesn't like roam and hang out in Disney World. R2-D2 is not usually out and World. R2-D2 is not usually out and World. R2-D2 is not usually out and about and R2-D2 was standing in the Batu about and R2-D2 was standing in the Batu about and R2-D2 was standing in the Batu marketplace. And then uh I also saw a marketplace. And then uh I also saw a marketplace. And then uh I also saw a little later in the morning Chewbacca little later in the morning Chewbacca little later in the morning Chewbacca and it turned out Chewbacca was there and it turned out Chewbacca was there and it turned out Chewbacca was there because Derek Huff had to come out with because Derek Huff had to come out with because Derek Huff had to come out with him. I did not see Derek Huff which is him. I did not see Derek Huff which is him. I did not see Derek Huff which is wild cuz he's wearing the brightest suit wild cuz he's wearing the brightest suit wild cuz he's wearing the brightest suit known to man. [music] So somehow I known to man. [music] So somehow I known to man. [music] So somehow I missed that Dererick Huff was over missed that Dererick Huff was over missed that Dererick Huff was over there. But uh we hung out sitting at the there. But uh we hung out sitting at the there. But uh we hung out sitting at the seating area for Ronto Roers [music] and seating area for Ronto Roers [music] and seating area for Ronto Roers [music] and listening to, no joke, the sound of listening to, no joke, the sound of listening to, no joke, the sound of power tools as they were still power tools as they were still power tools as they were still constructing the stage minutes before constructing the stage minutes before constructing the stage minutes before the shoot was supposed to happen. But the shoot was supposed to happen. But the shoot was supposed to happen. But I'll tell you, they did a good job. This I'll tell you, they did a good job. This I'll tell you, they did a good job. This stage looked awesome. It was like a per stage looked awesome. It was like a per stage looked awesome. It was like a per it looked permanent. It looked like it looked permanent. It looked like it looked permanent. It looked like there was a permanent stage in front of there was a permanent stage in front of there was a permanent stage in front of Millennium Falcon that they had just Millennium Falcon that they had just Millennium Falcon that they had just like cropped up overnight to be there. like cropped up overnight to be there. like cropped up overnight to be there. Um and around 5:00 a.m., you know, we Um and around 5:00 a.m., you know, we Um and around 5:00 a.m., you know, we start we got in a place uh in this like start we got in a place uh in this like start we got in a place uh in this like audience. They introduced us to the hype audience. They introduced us to the hype audience. They introduced us to the hype girl. I've never had this happen when girl. I've never had this happen when girl. I've never had this happen when I've done any production stuff, but I've done any production stuff, but I've done any production stuff, but there [music] was a there's a hype girl there [music] was a there's a hype girl there [music] was a there's a hype girl whose job was to make the audience hype. whose job was to make the audience hype. whose job was to make the audience hype. [music] She was literally like watching [music] She was literally like watching [music] She was literally like watching the performance between and then between the performance between and then between the performance between and then between takes would come up to us and give us takes would come up to us and give us takes would come up to us and give us specific like, [music] "Okay, when you specific like, [music] "Okay, when you specific like, [music] "Okay, when you hear them do this, we're all going to hear them do this, we're all going to hear them do this, we're all going to start leaning in, leaning out, leaning start leaning in, leaning out, leaning start leaning in, leaning out, leaning in, leaning out. You're getting hype. in, leaning out. You're getting hype. in, leaning out. You're getting hype. When you hear this, start jumping. Start When you hear this, start jumping. Start When you hear this, start jumping. Start jumping. When you hear this, arms going jumping. When you hear this, arms going jumping. When you hear this, arms going this way. And we're going to the left this way. And we're going to the left this way. And we're going to the left first." I tell you, trying to get a first." I tell you, trying to get a first." I tell you, trying to get a bunch of Disney cast members and also bunch of Disney cast members and also bunch of Disney cast members and also Disney focused media and influencers to Disney focused media and influencers to Disney focused media and influencers to do [snorts] choreographed [music] dance, do [snorts] choreographed [music] dance, do [snorts] choreographed [music] dance, I I pity that woman. Boy, was she doing I I pity that woman. Boy, was she doing I I pity that woman. Boy, was she doing her best. Finally, at 5:00 a.m., the her best. Finally, at 5:00 a.m., the her best. Finally, at 5:00 a.m., the artist came out and it [music] was Good artist came out and it [music] was Good artist came out and it [music] was Good Charlotte, the rock band from Australia Charlotte, the rock band from Australia Charlotte, the rock band from Australia with the twins as lead singers. I was with the twins as lead singers. I was with the twins as lead singers. I was not expecting this, but this was really not expecting this, but this was really not expecting this, but this was really cool. And actually, I'm so glad it cool. And actually, I'm so glad it cool. And actually, I'm so glad it happened because [music] and even though happened because [music] and even though happened because [music] and even though I am not mega familiar with Good I am not mega familiar with Good I am not mega familiar with Good Charlotte, it was so cool to see a rock Charlotte, it was so cool to see a rock Charlotte, it was so cool to see a rock concert on a stage in front of the concert on a stage in front of the concert on a stage in front of the Millennium Falcon with live fireworks Millennium Falcon with live fireworks Millennium Falcon with live fireworks [music] tying to the music. That is so [music] tying to the music. That is so [music] tying to the music. That is so cool. Like obviously a lot of concerts cool. Like obviously a lot of concerts cool. Like obviously a lot of concerts have like pyro and stuff, but like have like pyro and stuff, but like have like pyro and stuff, but like fireworks shooting off above the fireworks shooting off above the fireworks shooting off above the Millennium Falcon. They sang a song Millennium Falcon. They sang a song Millennium Falcon. They sang a song called Fairy Tale of New York and they called Fairy Tale of New York and they called Fairy Tale of New York and they did it in their own rock version. It was did it in their own rock version. It was did it in their own rock version. It was hype. I love rock. Uh, this ruled. This hype. I love rock. Uh, this ruled. This hype. I love rock. Uh, this ruled. This was literally so much fun. They gave us was literally so much fun. They gave us was literally so much fun. They gave us all little lights for our fingers that all little lights for our fingers that all little lights for our fingers that we were supposed to dance with. Um, we were supposed to dance with. Um, we were supposed to dance with. Um, which was cool. But the wildest thing which was cool. But the wildest thing which was cool. But the wildest thing about this was the scale of the about this was the scale of the about this was the scale of the production. There were massive like production. There were massive like production. There were massive like sweeping cameras on huge arms that were sweeping cameras on huge arms that were sweeping cameras on huge arms that were going above the crowds. There [music] going above the crowds. There [music] going above the crowds. There [music] was a guy wearing this massive was a guy wearing this massive was a guy wearing this massive stabilized camera rig and he one of the stabilized camera rig and he one of the stabilized camera rig and he one of the takes was up on the stage running around takes was up on the stage running around takes was up on the stage running around Good Charlotte and he had a guy on the Good Charlotte and he had a guy on the Good Charlotte and he had a guy on the ground whose job was to hold a little ground whose job was to hold a little ground whose job was to hold a little handle on his back and make sure he handle on his back and make sure he handle on his back and make sure he didn't fall with a very expensive didn't fall with a very expensive didn't fall with a very expensive camera. There were so many cameras. camera. There were so many cameras. camera. There were so many cameras. There was a full-on director who was There was a full-on director who was There was a full-on director who was there like talking to the artists and there like talking to the artists and there like talking to the artists and getting the vibes right with the getting the vibes right with the getting the vibes right with the lighting and everything. They did takes lighting and everything. They did takes lighting and everything. They did takes with and without the fireworks. Only did with and without the fireworks. Only did with and without the fireworks. Only did three takes. They only did three takes three takes. They only did three takes three takes. They only did three takes and all three takes were shot very and all three takes were shot very and all three takes were shot very different ways and then there were like different ways and then there were like different ways and then there were like huge like prompters with the lyrics for huge like prompters with the lyrics for huge like prompters with the lyrics for the artists to look at as well as just the artists to look at as well as just the artists to look at as well as just like an insane number of crew who were like an insane number of crew who were like an insane number of crew who were there working on this. It was awesome. there working on this. It was awesome. there working on this. It was awesome. This was so cool to be a part of this This was so cool to be a part of this This was so cool to be a part of this audience to get to see these audience to get to see these audience to get to see these performances. Um to get to be a part of performances. Um to get to be a part of performances. Um to get to be a part of the holiday spectacular cuz again if you the holiday spectacular cuz again if you the holiday spectacular cuz again if you look [music] close you can see me. And look [music] close you can see me. And look [music] close you can see me. And what's even wilder is they filmed both what's even wilder is they filmed both what's even wilder is they filmed both the nighttime holiday special from the nighttime holiday special from the nighttime holiday special from December 1st at the same time as the December 1st at the same time as the December 1st at the same time as the daytime holiday special for Christmas daytime holiday special for Christmas daytime holiday special for Christmas Day. And the way they did that is that Day. And the way they did that is that Day. And the way they did that is that one performance happened at night one performance happened at night one performance happened at night [music] and then they completely changed [music] and then they completely changed [music] and then they completely changed everything out on the stage for a second everything out on the stage for a second everything out on the stage for a second performance to happen in the daytime. performance to happen in the daytime. performance to happen in the daytime. The night ones went in the first The night ones went in the first The night ones went in the first special, the day ones went in the second special, the day ones went in the second special, the day ones went in the second special and we filmed one of each each special and we filmed one of each each special and we filmed one of each each night. So, we sat at Ronto Roers um for night. So, we sat at Ronto Roers um for night. So, we sat at Ronto Roers um for several hours. I think about 2 hours. We several hours. I think about 2 hours. We several hours. I think about 2 hours. We sat at Ronto Roers um until Coco Jones sat at Ronto Roers um until Coco Jones sat at Ronto Roers um until Coco Jones came out at 7:30 a.m. for her came out at 7:30 a.m. for her came out at 7:30 a.m. for her performance. This one was a lot chiller. performance. This one was a lot chiller. performance. This one was a lot chiller. Um it was kind of a slower song. So, Um it was kind of a slower song. So, Um it was kind of a slower song. So, Coco Jones came out at 7:30 a.m. for her Coco Jones came out at 7:30 a.m. for her Coco Jones came out at 7:30 a.m. for her performance. Again, all the vocals were performance. Again, all the vocals were performance. Again, all the vocals were live. So, this was like seeing [music] live. So, this was like seeing [music] live. So, this was like seeing [music] artists live in very small, intimate artists live in very small, intimate artists live in very small, intimate audiences in the craziest video I've audiences in the craziest video I've audiences in the craziest video I've ever seen, which was in front of the ever seen, which was in front of the ever seen, which was in front of the Millennium Falcon. It was daylight. It Millennium Falcon. It was daylight. It Millennium Falcon. It was daylight. It was the same crisp three takes. And then was the same crisp three takes. And then was the same crisp three takes. And then [music] as soon as it was done, they [music] as soon as it was done, they [music] as soon as it was done, they started getting that out of there cuz it started getting that out of there cuz it started getting that out of there cuz it was, you know, 8:30 at that time. People was, you know, 8:30 at that time. People was, you know, 8:30 at that time. People were starting to come into the park were starting to come into the park were starting to come into the park [music] and they were just very quickly [music] and they were just very quickly [music] and they were just very quickly getting everything out of their scissor getting everything out of their scissor getting everything out of their scissor lifts and massive cameras. Everyone was lifts and massive cameras. Everyone was lifts and massive cameras. Everyone was clearing out as fast as you wouldn't clearing out as fast as you wouldn't clearing out as fast as you wouldn't believe. It was so cool. Um, I also believe. It was so cool. Um, I also believe. It was so cool. Um, I also cleared out quickly because they put us cleared out quickly because they put us cleared out quickly because they put us on a bus and took us back to the hotel on a bus and took us back to the hotel on a bus and took us back to the hotel and I was going back to sleep cuz 1 hour and I was going back to sleep cuz 1 hour and I was going back to sleep cuz 1 hour and 45 minutes is not enough sleep. Then and 45 minutes is not enough sleep. Then and 45 minutes is not enough sleep. Then night two, even earlier. Animal Kingdom night two, even earlier. Animal Kingdom night two, even earlier. Animal Kingdom opens earlier and this set wasn't in the opens earlier and this set wasn't in the opens earlier and this set wasn't in the back of Animal Kingdom is like right back of Animal Kingdom is like right back of Animal Kingdom is like right front and center in front of the tree of front and center in front of the tree of front and center in front of the tree of life. Obviously [music] life. Obviously [music] life. Obviously [music] hit the Joffrey's truck again, hit the hit the Joffrey's truck again, hit the hit the Joffrey's truck again, hit the bus. Then Animal Kingdom at night, bus. Then Animal Kingdom at night, bus. Then Animal Kingdom at night, [music] it was also wet as if it had [music] it was also wet as if it had [music] it was also wet as if it had just been pressure washed. That is so just been pressure washed. That is so just been pressure washed. That is so wild to me. These preps are huge. which wild to me. These preps are huge. which wild to me. These preps are huge. which I can't believe they're washing them I can't believe they're washing them I can't believe they're washing them like that. We get into Animal Kingdom. like that. We get into Animal Kingdom. like that. We get into Animal Kingdom. We and we're given like special [music] We and we're given like special [music] We and we're given like special [music] merch because they wanted us wearing merch because they wanted us wearing merch because they wanted us wearing specific stuff. So, we had our dress specific stuff. So, we had our dress specific stuff. So, we had our dress code here which was a little bit code here which was a little bit code here which was a little bit different. [music] And then we also were different. [music] And then we also were different. [music] And then we also were given big light up necklaces and later I given big light up necklaces and later I given big light up necklaces and later I ended up in some ears. Everybody was ended up in some ears. Everybody was ended up in some ears. Everybody was wearing the same ears. My favorite part wearing the same ears. My favorite part wearing the same ears. My favorite part about this was eved dropping on the about this was eved dropping on the about this was eved dropping on the director because he was so funny. He at director because he was so funny. He at director because he was so funny. He at one point did pretend to be the artist one point did pretend to be the artist one point did pretend to be the artist [music] [music] [music] uh because they needed a standin because uh because they needed a standin because uh because they needed a standin because she wasn't out yet and that was so she wasn't out yet and that was so she wasn't out yet and that was so funny. Also, the hype girl really was funny. Also, the hype girl really was funny. Also, the hype girl really was working her tail off. I don't know how working her tail off. I don't know how working her tail off. I don't know how many cups of coffee this woman had to many cups of coffee this woman had to many cups of coffee this woman had to have this much energy at this time, but have this much energy at this time, but have this much energy at this time, but she it was it made a huge difference to she it was it made a huge difference to she it was it made a huge difference to the audience, I gotta say, because the the audience, I gotta say, because the the audience, I gotta say, because the first take with every performer, first take with every performer, first take with every performer, everyone was kind of standing there like everyone was kind of standing there like everyone was kind of standing there like statues and then hype girl got up there statues and then hype girl got up there statues and then hype girl got up there and suddenly everyone's living it up. and suddenly everyone's living it up. and suddenly everyone's living it up. Looks like they're having a great time. Looks like they're having a great time. Looks like they're having a great time. So, she was doing a good job. Again, So, she was doing a good job. Again, So, she was doing a good job. Again, just three takes here. First one, 400 just three takes here. First one, 400 just three takes here. First one, 400 A.M. Coco Jones comes back out this time A.M. Coco Jones comes back out this time A.M. Coco Jones comes back out this time for Silent Night. She sings with a whole for Silent Night. She sings with a whole for Silent Night. She sings with a whole choir, a local choir, which was really choir, a local choir, which was really choir, a local choir, which was really cool. Um, they were all very talented. cool. Um, they were all very talented. cool. Um, they were all very talented. And again, all sun [singing] live. No And again, all sun [singing] live. No And again, all sun [singing] live. No fireworks at this one because uh there's fireworks at this one because uh there's fireworks at this one because uh there's never fireworks at Animal Kingdom never fireworks at Animal Kingdom never fireworks at Animal Kingdom because it scares the animals, but because it scares the animals, but because it scares the animals, but beautiful lighting and Christmas trees. beautiful lighting and Christmas trees. beautiful lighting and Christmas trees. Oh, it's gorgeous. Then there's going to Oh, it's gorgeous. Then there's going to Oh, it's gorgeous. Then there's going to be an even longer wait than last time be an even longer wait than last time be an even longer wait than last time between the [music] two sets because the between the [music] two sets because the between the [music] two sets because the early one was so early. So, we ended up early one was so early. So, we ended up early one was so early. So, we ended up getting a bus ride back to the hotel and getting a bus ride back to the hotel and getting a bus ride back to the hotel and I spent an hour looking for a good I spent an hour looking for a good I spent an hour looking for a good vending machine because I was so hungry vending machine because I was so hungry vending machine because I was so hungry and I found one. Pro tip, if you're in and I found one. Pro tip, if you're in and I found one. Pro tip, if you're in Port Orleans, in the laundry room, I Port Orleans, in the laundry room, I Port Orleans, in the laundry room, I found a good vending machine that had found a good vending machine that had found a good vending machine that had Pop-Tarts in it. And then we went back Pop-Tarts in it. And then we went back &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; um to Animal Kingdoms. We're just ping &gt;&gt; um to Animal Kingdoms. We're just ping &gt;&gt; um to Animal Kingdoms. We're just ping ponging in and out. At this point, early ponging in and out. At this point, early ponging in and out. At this point, early entry had started. So, you can see with entry had started. So, you can see with entry had started. So, you can see with us walking in, there are tons of guests us walking in, there are tons of guests us walking in, there are tons of guests walking in who are seeing this stage in walking in who are seeing this stage in walking in who are seeing this stage in front of them. But by the time we walked front of them. But by the time we walked front of them. But by the time we walked up, the artist was already out. Mariah up, the artist was already out. Mariah up, the artist was already out. Mariah the scientist in the most beautiful the scientist in the most beautiful the scientist in the most beautiful dress I have ever seen. She [music] dress I have ever seen. She [music] dress I have ever seen. She [music] looked so good. So we got to see another looked so good. So we got to see another looked so good. So we got to see another performance from her. And they stuck performance from her. And they stuck performance from her. And they stuck strict to three takes. I'm telling you, strict to three takes. I'm telling you, strict to three takes. I'm telling you, there were even when there were flubs, there were even when there were flubs, there were even when there were flubs, they still did the three takes that we they still did the three takes that we they still did the three takes that we were like, we'll use the good one. And were like, we'll use the good one. And were like, we'll use the good one. And as soon as they cut us, it was getting as soon as they cut us, it was getting as soon as they cut us, it was getting pretty [music] close to the actual park pretty [music] close to the actual park pretty [music] close to the actual park opening. Lots of guests are already in opening. Lots of guests are already in opening. Lots of guests are already in the park and they start doing the the park and they start doing the the park and they start doing the dismantling. I was watching this team dismantling. I was watching this team dismantling. I was watching this team come in and taking ornaments off the come in and taking ornaments off the come in and taking ornaments off the trees. That is so wild because they had trees. That is so wild because they had trees. That is so wild because they had to [music] package every ornament so to [music] package every ornament so to [music] package every ornament so nicely so it didn't break. And it was nicely so it didn't break. And it was nicely so it didn't break. And it was just it was a welloiled machine [music] just it was a welloiled machine [music] just it was a welloiled machine [music] of like the ABC production crew working of like the ABC production crew working of like the ABC production crew working together with Disney's crew. But I did together with Disney's crew. But I did together with Disney's crew. But I did sleep for 1 hour that night. I somehow sleep for 1 hour that night. I somehow sleep for 1 hour that night. I somehow got less sleep when I went back when I got less sleep when I went back when I got less sleep when I went back when I went to sleep the night before. My sleep went to sleep the night before. My sleep went to sleep the night before. My sleep schedule was messed up for days. [music] schedule was messed up for days. [music] schedule was messed up for days. [music] But it was so worth it. This was a wild But it was so worth it. This was a wild But it was so worth it. This was a wild media event. They aren't usually like media event. They aren't usually like media event. They aren't usually like this. They are usually really scheduled this. They are usually really scheduled this. They are usually really scheduled and there's cool stuff you get to do, and there's cool stuff you get to do, and there's cool stuff you get to do, but um I never thought I'd be in Disney but um I never thought I'd be in Disney but um I never thought I'd be in Disney World in the middle of the night. I hope World in the middle of the night. I hope World in the middle of the night. I hope this was interesting as like a little this was interesting as like a little this was interesting as like a little sort of treat, a little different video. sort of treat, a little different video. sort of treat, a little different video. It's a whole other world once the guests It's a whole other world once the guests It's a whole other world once the guests go home in Disney World and I got to be go home in Disney World and I got to be go home in Disney World and I got to be a part of it for a night. I hope you a part of it for a night. I hope you a part of it for a night. I hope you guys enjoyed this video. I know it's a guys enjoyed this video. I know it's a guys enjoyed this video. I know it's a little different from what we usually little different from what we usually little different from what we usually talk about and do, but I thought you talk about and do, but I thought you talk about and do, but I thought you guys might like a little behind thes guys might like a little behind thes guys might like a little behind thes scenes peak [music] into that whole scenes peak [music] into that whole scenes peak [music] into that whole experience. Uh remember to check out experience. Uh remember to check out experience. Uh remember to check out those holiday specials. Thank you so those holiday specials. Thank you so those holiday specials. Thank you so much again to Disney and ABC for having much again to Disney and ABC for having much again to Disney and ABC for having us in the audience. And make sure you us in the audience. And make sure you us in the audience. And make sure you are watching those holiday specials and are watching those holiday specials and are watching those holiday specials and looking for some red hair. But if you looking for some red hair. But if you looking for some red hair. But if you are still here, go ahead and give this are still here, go ahead and give this are still here, go ahead and give this video a like and subscribe if you video a like and subscribe if you video a like and subscribe if you haven't already. And drop this secret haven't already. And drop this secret haven't already. And drop this secret code in the comments so we know you made code in the comments so we know you made code in the comments so we know you made it. And we upload tips and games and it. And we upload tips and games and it. And we upload tips and games and videos about it all week cuz we're videos about it all week cuz we're videos about it all week cuz we're pretty serious about fun. I'll see you pretty serious about fun. I'll see you pretty serious about fun. I'll see you guys next time.
