---
video_id: gdYqyqgGm2c
channel: AllEars.net
title: "EVERYTHING WE LOST IN DISNEY WORLD IN 2025 💔"
published: 2025-12-19
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdYqyqgGm2c
---
Here's everything we lost in Disney Here's everything we lost in Disney Here's everything we lost in Disney World in 2025. World in 2025. World in 2025. &gt;&gt; It's tough to be a bug. Muppet vision, &gt;&gt; It's tough to be a bug. Muppet vision, &gt;&gt; It's tough to be a bug. Muppet vision, pizza, Rizzo, and Mama Mel Roses. pizza, Rizzo, and Mama Mel Roses. pizza, Rizzo, and Mama Mel Roses. &gt;&gt; The Hollywood Studios Arch outside of &gt;&gt; The Hollywood Studios Arch outside of &gt;&gt; The Hollywood Studios Arch outside of Animation Courtyard. Animation Courtyard. Animation Courtyard. &gt;&gt; That one hurts. &gt;&gt; That one hurts. &gt;&gt; That one hurts. &gt;&gt; What did you call me? &gt;&gt; What did you call me? &gt;&gt; What did you call me? &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Jelly Rolls. &gt;&gt; Jelly Rolls. &gt;&gt; Jelly Rolls. &gt;&gt; The Rock and Roller Coaster pre-show. &gt;&gt; The Rock and Roller Coaster pre-show. &gt;&gt; The Rock and Roller Coaster pre-show. &gt;&gt; The Liberty Bell River Boat, and the &gt;&gt; The Liberty Bell River Boat, and the &gt;&gt; The Liberty Bell River Boat, and the little room inside it where I eat my little room inside it where I eat my little room inside it where I eat my salmon. Members of America, salmon. Members of America, salmon. Members of America, &gt;&gt; our minds when Disney announced they &gt;&gt; our minds when Disney announced they &gt;&gt; our minds when Disney announced they were repainting Cinderella Castle back were repainting Cinderella Castle back were repainting Cinderella Castle back to the OG color scheme. Yeah, &gt;&gt; 3D visuals on Rey's. Now it's just 2D. &gt;&gt; 3D visuals on Rey's. Now it's just 2D. &gt;&gt; 3D visuals on Rey's. Now it's just 2D. &gt;&gt; Dino Land USA. Most of it. Tom Sawyer &gt;&gt; Dino Land USA. Most of it. Tom Sawyer &gt;&gt; Dino Land USA. Most of it. Tom Sawyer Island. Island. Island. &gt;&gt; This is rude. It says Quincy's water &gt;&gt; This is rude. It says Quincy's water &gt;&gt; This is rude. It says Quincy's water bottle. That's true. I did lose my water bottle. That's true. I did lose my water bottle. That's true. I did lose my water bottle permanently. bottle permanently. bottle permanently. &gt;&gt; Follow Disney's Net to keep up with all &gt;&gt; Follow Disney's Net to keep up with all &gt;&gt; Follow Disney's Net to keep up with all things Disney in 2026.
