---
video_id: vs_f7k-7g4U
channel: AllEars.net
title: "🔥PRO TIP🔥"
published: 2025-12-20
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vs_f7k-7g4U
---
Space Mountain was down for over an hour Space Mountain was down for over an hour Space Mountain was down for over an hour today and it was awesome. Okay, hear me today and it was awesome. Okay, hear me today and it was awesome. Okay, hear me out. I know what you're thinking. How out. I know what you're thinking. How out. I know what you're thinking. How could it possibly be awesome a ride was could it possibly be awesome a ride was could it possibly be awesome a ride was down for that long? Well, I'll tell you down for that long? Well, I'll tell you down for that long? Well, I'll tell you the best thing you can do when you see the best thing you can do when you see the best thing you can do when you see that Space Mountain specifically is down that Space Mountain specifically is down that Space Mountain specifically is down is go over and ride the People Mover. is go over and ride the People Mover. is go over and ride the People Mover. That's because the People Mover goes That's because the People Mover goes That's because the People Mover goes through Space Mountain. And it's more through Space Mountain. And it's more through Space Mountain. And it's more often than not when Space Mountain often than not when Space Mountain often than not when Space Mountain [music] is down, you'll be able to ride [music] is down, you'll be able to ride [music] is down, you'll be able to ride through Space Mountain with the lights through Space Mountain with the lights through Space Mountain with the lights on, everything illuminated, the track, on, everything illuminated, the track, on, everything illuminated, the track, the walls, the ceiling, the everything. the walls, the ceiling, the everything. the walls, the ceiling, the everything. And it [music] looks like scaffolding, And it [music] looks like scaffolding, And it [music] looks like scaffolding, but really cool scaffolding. Probably but really cool scaffolding. Probably but really cool scaffolding. Probably the coolest looking scaffolding you'll the coolest looking scaffolding you'll the coolest looking scaffolding you'll ever see in your entire life. Of course, ever see in your entire life. Of course, ever see in your entire life. Of course, it's track. It's roller coaster track. it's track. It's roller coaster track. it's track. It's roller coaster track. It's beautiful. And you should see it It's beautiful. And you should see it It's beautiful. And you should see it sometime. Have you been in an attraction sometime. Have you been in an attraction sometime. Have you been in an attraction when the lights went out? Tell us in the when the lights went out? Tell us in the when the lights went out? Tell us in the comments. And always stay tuned to All comments. And always stay tuned to All comments. And always stay tuned to All Ears for more news and tips and tricks. Ears for more news and tips and tricks. Ears for more news and tips and tricks. Why? Because we're serious about
