---
video_id: VkcYmBL7khE
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Pixie Dust Surprise! ✨"
published: 2025-12-18
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkcYmBL7khE
---
I was just gifted the most amazing thing I was just gifted the most amazing thing I was just gifted the most amazing thing by a cast member in Hollywood Studios, a by a cast member in Hollywood Studios, a by a cast member in Hollywood Studios, a Gertie the Dinosaur holiday sticker. I Gertie the Dinosaur holiday sticker. I Gertie the Dinosaur holiday sticker. I can't even put it on my shirt. It's too can't even put it on my shirt. It's too can't even put it on my shirt. It's too precious. I'm going to keep it on the precious. I'm going to keep it on the precious. I'm going to keep it on the paper it came on. Of course, the real paper it came on. Of course, the real paper it came on. Of course, the real dinosaur Gertie is an absolute icon in dinosaur Gertie is an absolute icon in dinosaur Gertie is an absolute icon in Hollywood Studios. The star of Dinosaur Hollywood Studios. The star of Dinosaur Hollywood Studios. The star of Dinosaur Gertiey's Ice Cream of Extinction. Gertiey's Ice Cream of Extinction. Gertiey's Ice Cream of Extinction. During the holidays, she gets a cool During the holidays, she gets a cool During the holidays, she gets a cool Santa hat and a Christmas ornament Santa hat and a Christmas ornament Santa hat and a Christmas ornament hanging from her mouth. and suddenly she hanging from her mouth. and suddenly she hanging from her mouth. and suddenly she becomes a holiday icon instead. And this becomes a holiday icon instead. And this becomes a holiday icon instead. And this sticker commemorates that. The cast sticker commemorates that. The cast sticker commemorates that. The cast member who gave it to me said, "This is member who gave it to me said, "This is member who gave it to me said, "This is purely a surprise and delight. This purely a surprise and delight. This purely a surprise and delight. This isn't something we as guests can accept isn't something we as guests can accept isn't something we as guests can accept to receive in Hollywood Studios. They to receive in Hollywood Studios. They to receive in Hollywood Studios. They showed up about 3 days ago. There's one showed up about 3 days ago. There's one showed up about 3 days ago. There's one batch and when they're gone, they are batch and when they're gone, they are batch and when they're gone, they are gone for at least this year." And the gone for at least this year." And the gone for at least this year." And the cast member I spoke to said they had cast member I spoke to said they had cast member I spoke to said they had never seen them before. What's the most never seen them before. What's the most never seen them before. What's the most unique surprise and delight you've unique surprise and delight you've unique surprise and delight you've received in Walt Disney World? Let us received in Walt Disney World? Let us received in Walt Disney World? Let us know in the comments below. Remember, know in the comments below. Remember, know in the comments below. Remember, we're serious about fun.
