---
video_id: 82lkN4bKyR0
channel: AllEars.net
title: "How to SURVIVE Spring Break in Disney World"
published: 2025-12-29
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82lkN4bKyR0
---
It's hot. It's hot. It's hot. &gt;&gt; It's crowded and expensive. &gt;&gt; It's crowded and expensive. &gt;&gt; It's crowded and expensive. &gt;&gt; But Disney World can still be magical &gt;&gt; But Disney World can still be magical &gt;&gt; But Disney World can still be magical &gt;&gt; during spring break if you have the &gt;&gt; during spring break if you have the &gt;&gt; during spring break if you have the right tool kit. First, you need to know right tool kit. First, you need to know right tool kit. First, you need to know what it means to go during [music] what it means to go during [music] what it means to go during [music] spring break. So, spring break isn't spring break. So, spring break isn't spring break. So, spring break isn't just necessarily one week in Disney just necessarily one week in Disney just necessarily one week in Disney World. Across America, spring break World. Across America, spring break World. Across America, spring break really takes place from roughly the really takes place from roughly the really takes place from roughly the beginning of March [music] towards the beginning of March [music] towards the beginning of March [music] towards the end of April, really kind of Easter, end of April, really kind of Easter, end of April, really kind of Easter, that time frame. So, there's not really that time frame. So, there's not really that time frame. So, there's not really going to be one week that is absolutely going to be one week that is absolutely going to be one week that is absolutely crazy in Disney World. crazy in Disney World. crazy in Disney World. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; rather it'll be about a month and a &gt;&gt; rather it'll be about a month and a &gt;&gt; rather it'll be about a month and a half, two months that you're going to half, two months that you're going to half, two months that you're going to see that big crowd hike. Going during see that big crowd hike. Going during see that big crowd hike. Going during peak times can kind of mean a lot of peak times can kind of mean a lot of peak times can kind of mean a lot of things. It might mean that crowds are things. It might mean that crowds are things. It might mean that crowds are more [music] extensive. It might mean more [music] extensive. It might mean more [music] extensive. It might mean that wait times are a little bit higher. that wait times are a little bit higher. that wait times are a little bit higher. It might even mean that your ticket It might even mean that your ticket It might even mean that your ticket prices are going to be higher than they prices are going to be higher than they prices are going to be higher than they would be during so like slower [music] would be during so like slower [music] would be during so like slower [music] seasons during the year. This isn't the seasons during the year. This isn't the seasons during the year. This isn't the end of the world. It just means it's end of the world. It just means it's end of the world. It just means it's something to consider before going to something to consider before going to something to consider before going to spring break and [music] Disney World. spring break and [music] Disney World. spring break and [music] Disney World. It doesn't mean you should cancel your It doesn't mean you should cancel your It doesn't mean you should cancel your trip. It doesn't mean you shouldn't go, trip. It doesn't mean you shouldn't go, trip. It doesn't mean you shouldn't go, but it is important to kind of know but it is important to kind of know but it is important to kind of know these details and know what to expect these details and know what to expect these details and know what to expect before you get to the park. So that way before you get to the park. So that way before you get to the park. So that way you have your head wrapped around it you have your head wrapped around it you have your head wrapped around it before you get overwhelmed by the crowds before you get overwhelmed by the crowds before you get overwhelmed by the crowds and pricing. Disney World participates and pricing. Disney World participates and pricing. Disney World participates in price surging. So that essentially in price surging. So that essentially in price surging. So that essentially means tickets are going to be pricier means tickets are going to be pricier means tickets are going to be pricier for busier times [music] of the year. So for busier times [music] of the year. So for busier times [music] of the year. So think the holidays, spring break, and think the holidays, spring break, and think the holidays, spring break, and that massive summer boom. Tickets are that massive summer boom. Tickets are that massive summer boom. Tickets are just going to cost you more because just going to cost you more because just going to cost you more because they're in higher demand. More people they're in higher demand. More people they're in higher demand. More people [music] are there and they're going to [music] are there and they're going to [music] are there and they're going to be there. We will say that Disney be there. We will say that Disney be there. We will say that Disney executives have actually teased executives have actually teased executives have actually teased switching to a dynamic structure like switching to a dynamic structure like switching to a dynamic structure like they have over in Disneyland [music] they have over in Disneyland [music] they have over in Disneyland [music] Paris when it comes to ticket pricing. Paris when it comes to ticket pricing. Paris when it comes to ticket pricing. We'll break all of that down if it We'll break all of that down if it We'll break all of that down if it actually happens. For more details on actually happens. For more details on actually happens. For more details on what that dynamic pricing could look what that dynamic pricing could look what that dynamic pricing could look like, head over to the Allers's Net like, head over to the Allers's Net like, head over to the Allers's Net blog. We don't want to spend a ton of blog. We don't want to spend a ton of blog. We don't want to spend a ton of time on it today cuz today we're talking time on it today cuz today we're talking time on it today cuz today we're talking about spring break. But it is important about spring break. But it is important about spring break. But it is important to know that Disney ticketing prices to know that Disney ticketing prices to know that Disney ticketing prices could change in the future. If that does could change in the future. If that does could change in the future. If that does happen, it'll be a very important switch happen, it'll be a very important switch happen, it'll be a very important switch [music] and we'll break it down. Then [music] and we'll break it down. Then [music] and we'll break it down. Then point of this, it's going to be pricier, point of this, it's going to be pricier, point of this, it's going to be pricier, it's going to be more crowded. As long it's going to be more crowded. As long it's going to be more crowded. As long as you know that, things will be okay. as you know that, things will be okay. as you know that, things will be okay. &gt;&gt; With these crowds in mind, we like to &gt;&gt; With these crowds in mind, we like to &gt;&gt; With these crowds in mind, we like to pre-plan [music] everything we can. This pre-plan [music] everything we can. This pre-plan [music] everything we can. This includes a lot of things. We, of course, includes a lot of things. We, of course, includes a lot of things. We, of course, always recommend buying your tickets in always recommend buying your tickets in always recommend buying your tickets in advance [music] and having your hotel advance [music] and having your hotel advance [music] and having your hotel ready to go in advance of your trip. ready to go in advance of your trip. ready to go in advance of your trip. Buying your tickets before the trip can Buying your tickets before the trip can Buying your tickets before the trip can guarantee that you get into the parks, guarantee that you get into the parks, guarantee that you get into the parks, which can hit capacity, and it saves you which can hit capacity, and it saves you which can hit capacity, and it saves you time in lines when you first get to the time in lines when you first get to the time in lines when you first get to the park. Having your hotel in advance can park. Having your hotel in advance can park. Having your hotel in advance can also help you gauge things like travel also help you gauge things like travel also help you gauge things like travel time, book your lightning lanes in time, book your lightning lanes in time, book your lightning lanes in advance if you're staying on property, advance if you're staying on property, advance if you're staying on property, and more. Speaking of lightning lanes, and more. Speaking of lightning lanes, and more. Speaking of lightning lanes, you can pre-book your skip the line you can pre-book your skip the line you can pre-book your skip the line passes 7 days in advance if you're passes 7 days in advance if you're passes 7 days in advance if you're staying at a Disney resort, [music] and staying at a Disney resort, [music] and staying at a Disney resort, [music] and property. Disney offers three different property. Disney offers three different property. Disney offers three different ways to skip the line with Premier Pass, ways to skip the line with Premier Pass, ways to skip the line with Premier Pass, Multipass, [music] and Single Pass. Multipass, [music] and Single Pass. Multipass, [music] and Single Pass. Premier Pass is pricey, but it gives you Premier Pass is pricey, but it gives you Premier Pass is pricey, but it gives you access to every attraction with a access to every attraction with a access to every attraction with a Lightning Lane [music] without needing Lightning Lane [music] without needing Lightning Lane [music] without needing to book times in your chosen park. to book times in your chosen park. to book times in your chosen park. Again, it's pricey. Multipass is the Again, it's pricey. Multipass is the Again, it's pricey. Multipass is the second highest tier. It gives you access second highest tier. It gives you access second highest tier. It gives you access to most of the Lightning Lanes and a to most of the Lightning Lanes and a to most of the Lightning Lanes and a guaranteed three skips that you can book guaranteed three skips that you can book guaranteed three skips that you can book in advance. Finally, there's a single in advance. Finally, there's a single in advance. Finally, there's a single pass that gives you access to the most pass that gives you access to the most pass that gives you access to the most popular ride in each park. And Magic popular ride in each park. And Magic popular ride in each park. And Magic Kingdom has too. Lightning lanes aren't Kingdom has too. Lightning lanes aren't Kingdom has too. Lightning lanes aren't necessary to have a great day, but they necessary to have a great day, but they necessary to have a great day, but they do offer a way to maximize your trip and do offer a way to maximize your trip and do offer a way to maximize your trip and avoid time in lines. [music] We think avoid time in lines. [music] We think avoid time in lines. [music] We think it's the most beneficial in Magic it's the most beneficial in Magic it's the most beneficial in Magic Kingdom and Hollywood Studios, but it's Kingdom and Hollywood Studios, but it's Kingdom and Hollywood Studios, but it's up to you and how you use it. Now, we up to you and how you use it. Now, we up to you and how you use it. Now, we have tons of videos breaking down all of have tons of videos breaking down all of have tons of videos breaking down all of these systems, showing you exactly how these systems, showing you exactly how these systems, showing you exactly how to use them, [music] um when they work, to use them, [music] um when they work, to use them, [music] um when they work, when you shouldn't pay for them. So, when you shouldn't pay for them. So, when you shouldn't pay for them. So, please go check out those videos way please go check out those videos way please go check out those videos way before your trip so you can decide if before your trip so you can decide if before your trip so you can decide if they're right for you. I'm jumping in they're right for you. I'm jumping in they're right for you. I'm jumping in here to help because there's so much here to help because there's so much here to help because there's so much that you can book. We wanted to break it that you can book. We wanted to break it that you can book. We wanted to break it up into two sections. You can also book up into two sections. You can also book up into two sections. You can also book pre-book your table service dining pre-book your table service dining pre-book your table service dining reservations. Disney World has hundreds, reservations. Disney World has hundreds, reservations. Disney World has hundreds, literally hundreds of places to eat. If literally hundreds of places to eat. If literally hundreds of places to eat. If you want to have a table service you want to have a table service you want to have a table service reservation, which means you sit down at reservation, which means you sit down at reservation, which means you sit down at a table, someone [music] comes to you, a a table, someone [music] comes to you, a a table, someone [music] comes to you, a cast member, and they wait on you. It's cast member, and they wait on you. It's cast member, and they wait on you. It's not like you go get your food, and then not like you go get your food, and then not like you go get your food, and then take it to your table yourself. You can take it to your table yourself. You can take it to your table yourself. You can actually book your reservations up to 60 actually book your reservations up to 60 actually book your reservations up to 60 days in advance of your trip, which days in advance of your trip, which days in advance of your trip, which means that you can get good meals means that you can get good meals means that you can get good meals settled, [music] squared away with good settled, [music] squared away with good settled, [music] squared away with good times, well before you ever step into times, well before you ever step into times, well before you ever step into the park. If you're staying on property the park. If you're staying on property the park. If you're staying on property at a Disney World hotel, you can at a Disney World hotel, you can at a Disney World hotel, you can actually book them for the entire length actually book them for the entire length actually book them for the entire length of your stay on that 60-day mark. of your stay on that 60-day mark. of your stay on that 60-day mark. [music] So, 60 days before your arrival [music] So, 60 days before your arrival [music] So, 60 days before your arrival day, you can log in early early in the day, you can log in early early in the day, you can log in early early in the morning. It actually starts at 6 a.m. morning. It actually starts at 6 a.m. morning. It actually starts at 6 a.m. [music] Eastern Standard Time, and you [music] Eastern Standard Time, and you [music] Eastern Standard Time, and you can make all of your reservations for can make all of your reservations for can make all of your reservations for your [music] entire stay. Typically, we your [music] entire stay. Typically, we your [music] entire stay. Typically, we recommend you start at the end and work recommend you start at the end and work recommend you start at the end and work your way backwards. [music] If you're your way backwards. [music] If you're your way backwards. [music] If you're staying on property because that means staying on property because that means staying on property because that means that you can book a little bit more in that you can book a little bit more in that you can book a little bit more in advance than everyone else, [music] advance than everyone else, [music] advance than everyone else, [music] which typically just has the 60-day which typically just has the 60-day which typically just has the 60-day window. So, if you're not staying on window. So, if you're not staying on window. So, if you're not staying on Disney World property, you're going to Disney World property, you're going to Disney World property, you're going to have to do it day by day. We absolutely have to do it day by day. We absolutely have to do it day by day. We absolutely love Disney World dining. We are big love Disney World dining. We are big love Disney World dining. We are big proponents of it. We talk about it all proponents of it. We talk about it all proponents of it. We talk about it all the time. And Quincy, in fact, has eaten the time. And Quincy, in fact, has eaten the time. And Quincy, in fact, has eaten at every single Disney World restaurant, at every single Disney World restaurant, at every single Disney World restaurant, if not almost every single Disney World if not almost every single Disney World if not almost every single Disney World restaurant. So, we love it. That being restaurant. So, we love it. That being restaurant. So, we love it. That being said, some of them it's almost like said, some of them it's almost like said, some of them it's almost like trying to get an Olympic [music] gold trying to get an Olympic [music] gold trying to get an Olympic [music] gold medal to get a reservation at these medal to get a reservation at these medal to get a reservation at these restaurants. So, if you really really restaurants. So, if you really really restaurants. So, if you really really want one or you really want a diamond want one or you really want a diamond want one or you really want a diamond somewhere specific, you absolutely need somewhere specific, you absolutely need somewhere specific, you absolutely need to make sure that you are booking as in to make sure that you are booking as in to make sure that you are booking as in advance as you possibly can. They will advance as you possibly can. They will advance as you possibly can. They will absolutely fill up and they will not absolutely fill up and they will not absolutely fill up and they will not always open the day that you're [music] always open the day that you're [music] always open the day that you're [music] there. Maybe they'll have a walk up wait there. Maybe they'll have a walk up wait there. Maybe they'll have a walk up wait list. Maybe they'll have a last minute list. Maybe they'll have a last minute list. Maybe they'll have a last minute reservation cancellation. You could get reservation cancellation. You could get reservation cancellation. You could get a last minute spot. We've done it before a last minute spot. We've done it before a last minute spot. We've done it before and honestly, we sometimes rely on it. and honestly, we sometimes rely on it. and honestly, we sometimes rely on it. That being said, if you have your heart That being said, if you have your heart That being said, if you have your heart set on dining at Cinderella's Royal set on dining at Cinderella's Royal set on dining at Cinderella's Royal Table, you need to make that 60-day in Table, you need to make that 60-day in Table, you need to make that 60-day in advance dining reservation. It's just advance dining reservation. It's just advance dining reservation. It's just going to make things less stressful, and going to make things less stressful, and going to make things less stressful, and it's going to ensure that you get a spot it's going to ensure that you get a spot it's going to ensure that you get a spot rather than adding a little bit of rather than adding a little bit of rather than adding a little bit of stress on the day of. Like I said, you stress on the day of. Like I said, you stress on the day of. Like I said, you can utilize things like walk up weight can utilize things like walk up weight can utilize things like walk up weight lists and last minute reservation lists and last minute reservation lists and last minute reservation cancellations, but relying on them cancellations, but relying on them cancellations, but relying on them sometimes can make the day more sometimes can make the day more sometimes can make the day more stressful. If you're willing to be a stressful. If you're willing to be a stressful. If you're willing to be a little bit more flexible in a kind little bit more flexible in a kind little bit more flexible in a kind [music] of if it works out, it works out [music] of if it works out, it works out [music] of if it works out, it works out mindset, then that's fine. But if you mindset, then that's fine. But if you mindset, then that's fine. But if you know this is a make orb breakak know this is a make orb breakak know this is a make orb breakak situation, grab the reservation [music] situation, grab the reservation [music] situation, grab the reservation [music] as early as you can. There are plenty of as early as you can. There are plenty of as early as you can. There are plenty of places to grab food that don't require places to grab food that don't require places to grab food that don't require reservations. But if you want a reservations. But if you want a reservations. But if you want a guaranteed seat with guaranteed [music] guaranteed seat with guaranteed [music] guaranteed seat with guaranteed [music] AC, this is just something that's nice AC, this is just something that's nice AC, this is just something that's nice and can kind of get you out of the and can kind of get you out of the and can kind of get you out of the crowds when spring break is so wild. crowds when spring break is so wild. crowds when spring break is so wild. [music] One of the best ways to make the [music] One of the best ways to make the [music] One of the best ways to make the most of your Disney trip is to stay in most of your Disney trip is to stay in most of your Disney trip is to stay in the park as long as you can. [music] the park as long as you can. [music] the park as long as you can. [music] Staying at a Disney resort can give you Staying at a Disney resort can give you Staying at a Disney resort can give you extra time in the morning and sometimes extra time in the morning and sometimes extra time in the morning and sometimes in the evening, [music] which can mean in the evening, [music] which can mean in the evening, [music] which can mean lower crowds and lower temperatures. lower crowds and lower temperatures. lower crowds and lower temperatures. Disney resort guests can utilize early Disney resort guests can utilize early Disney resort guests can utilize early theme park entry, which gives them an theme park entry, which gives them an theme park entry, which gives them an extra 30 minutes in the park before it extra 30 minutes in the park before it extra 30 minutes in the park before it officially opens. This can help you get officially opens. This can help you get officially opens. This can help you get onto one or even two of the most popular onto one or even two of the most popular onto one or even two of the most popular rides with low lines. Then once the park rides with low lines. Then once the park rides with low lines. Then once the park opens, other guests will go to those opens, other guests will go to those opens, other guests will go to those rides you already did, and you can move rides you already did, and you can move rides you already did, and you can move on to even more popular rides with lower on to even more popular rides with lower on to even more popular rides with lower weight times. We love a good rope drop weight times. We love a good rope drop weight times. We love a good rope drop strategy, which means getting in line strategy, which means getting in line strategy, which means getting in line before the park opens because it's an before the park opens because it's an before the park opens because it's an amazing way to truly maximize your time. amazing way to truly maximize your time. amazing way to truly maximize your time. And in 2026, Disney is bringing back And in 2026, Disney is bringing back And in 2026, Disney is bringing back extended evening hours. Thank you, extended evening hours. Thank you, extended evening hours. Thank you, Disney. Anyone staying in deluxe resorts Disney. Anyone staying in deluxe resorts Disney. Anyone staying in deluxe resorts or deluxe villa resorts can utilize an or deluxe villa resorts can utilize an or deluxe villa resorts can utilize an extra 2 hours in select theme parks on extra 2 hours in select theme parks on extra 2 hours in select theme parks on select nights. This extra time isn't select nights. This extra time isn't select nights. This extra time isn't every night or at every park, so be sure every night or at every park, so be sure every night or at every park, so be sure to check the Disney World calendar to check the Disney World calendar to check the Disney World calendar before your trip so you can plan around before your trip so you can plan around before your trip so you can plan around the extra time. We love extended evening the extra time. We love extended evening the extra time. We love extended evening hours, so if you can take advantage of hours, so if you can take advantage of hours, so if you can take advantage of them, we highly recommend it. Now, if them, we highly recommend it. Now, if them, we highly recommend it. Now, if you're really extreme and want to get you're really extreme and want to get you're really extreme and want to get the most out of your park time, you the most out of your park time, you the most out of your park time, you could [music] do early entry in the could [music] do early entry in the could [music] do early entry in the morning and extended evening hours in morning and extended evening hours in morning and extended evening hours in the evening all in one day. But we would the evening all in one day. But we would the evening all in one day. But we would definitely recommend breaks throughout definitely recommend breaks throughout definitely recommend breaks throughout the day. Um, speaking of Emma, the day. Um, speaking of Emma, the day. Um, speaking of Emma, &gt;&gt; we love a long Disney day. I am a rope &gt;&gt; we love a long Disney day. I am a rope &gt;&gt; we love a long Disney day. I am a rope drop to close kind of girl, but the drop to close kind of girl, but the drop to close kind of girl, but the midday crash is no joke. Adults will midday crash is no joke. Adults will midday crash is no joke. Adults will experience it. Kiddos will experience experience it. Kiddos will experience experience it. Kiddos will experience it. Everyone in between. It's going to it. Everyone in between. It's going to it. Everyone in between. It's going to happen. Plan for it. Between roughly 2 happen. Plan for it. Between roughly 2 happen. Plan for it. Between roughly 2 and 4 p.m., this is when the crowds are and 4 p.m., this is when the crowds are and 4 p.m., this is when the crowds are really at the worst. The heat is at its really at the worst. The heat is at its really at the worst. The heat is at its highest and everyone is starting to get highest and everyone is starting to get highest and everyone is starting to get at their crankiest. So, this is a great at their crankiest. So, this is a great at their crankiest. So, this is a great time to go ahead and plan for those time to go ahead and plan for those time to go ahead and plan for those midday [music] breaks. Now, a break can midday [music] breaks. Now, a break can midday [music] breaks. Now, a break can mean different things to different mean different things to different mean different things to different people. Sometimes [music] that means people. Sometimes [music] that means people. Sometimes [music] that means going back to your resort for a long going back to your resort for a long going back to your resort for a long nap. Sometimes that means going and nap. Sometimes that means going and nap. Sometimes that means going and laying by the pool for a while. laying by the pool for a while. laying by the pool for a while. Sometimes that even means just finding a Sometimes that even means just finding a Sometimes that even means just finding a quiet spot to sit in the shade for an quiet spot to sit in the shade for an quiet spot to sit in the shade for an hour or two, which we are definitely hour or two, which we are definitely hour or two, which we are definitely guilty of and very much enjoy. If you guilty of and very much enjoy. If you guilty of and very much enjoy. If you don't want to leave the parks, this can don't want to leave the parks, this can don't want to leave the parks, this can kind of be a good time to find that kind of be a good time to find that kind of be a good time to find that quiet spot or maybe even go and find quiet spot or maybe even go and find quiet spot or maybe even go and find something that's a little bit more something that's a little bit more something that's a little bit more lowkey, maybe a show or a long line lowkey, maybe a show or a long line lowkey, maybe a show or a long line [music] with that's indoors for a [music] with that's indoors for a [music] with that's indoors for a popular attraction. So things like Peter popular attraction. So things like Peter popular attraction. So things like Peter Pan's flight, nobody really loves Pan's flight, nobody really loves Pan's flight, nobody really loves waiting in a long line, but if you just waiting in a long line, but if you just waiting in a long line, but if you just need to get out of the sun and heat and need to get out of the sun and heat and need to get out of the sun and heat and crowds for a long time, a decent chunk crowds for a long time, a decent chunk crowds for a long time, a decent chunk of time, sometimes lines can provide of time, sometimes lines can provide of time, sometimes lines can provide that. I know I've used that as a way to that. I know I've used that as a way to that. I know I've used that as a way to feel like I'm not wasting time, but feel like I'm not wasting time, but feel like I'm not wasting time, but definitely give myself a mental break definitely give myself a mental break definitely give myself a mental break from everything that is going on around from everything that is going on around from everything that is going on around me, cuz Disney can be stressful even at me, cuz Disney can be stressful even at me, cuz Disney can be stressful even at the most chill times, let alone during the most chill times, let alone during the most chill times, let alone during spring break. Personally, I actually spring break. Personally, I actually spring break. Personally, I actually have a spot in every single Disney park have a spot in every single Disney park have a spot in every single Disney park that I can go and grab a little shutye that I can go and grab a little shutye that I can go and grab a little shutye in a nice airond conditioned place or in a nice airond conditioned place or in a nice airond conditioned place or even just a nice place to sit down and even just a nice place to sit down and even just a nice place to sit down and like I said, take a mental break. So, in like I said, take a mental break. So, in like I said, take a mental break. So, in Magic Kingdom, I love doing the Carousel Magic Kingdom, I love doing the Carousel Magic Kingdom, I love doing the Carousel of Progress twice once to watch it and of Progress twice once to watch it and of Progress twice once to watch it and enjoy it and a second time to take a nap enjoy it and a second time to take a nap enjoy it and a second time to take a nap or even just disassociate air or even just disassociate air or even just disassociate air conditioning for 20-ish minutes. In conditioning for 20-ish minutes. In conditioning for 20-ish minutes. In Epcot, it's American Adventure All for Epcot, it's American Adventure All for Epcot, it's American Adventure All for the exact same things, although I the exact same things, although I the exact same things, although I typically only do it once. As good of a typically only do it once. As good of a typically only do it once. As good of a show as it is, I don't really think it's show as it is, I don't really think it's show as it is, I don't really think it's a necessity. It's more of a rest and a necessity. It's more of a rest and a necessity. It's more of a rest and relaxation spot for me. In Hollywood relaxation spot for me. In Hollywood relaxation spot for me. In Hollywood Studios, it used to be Star Wars Launch Studios, it used to be Star Wars Launch Studios, it used to be Star Wars Launch Bay, but because of all the the changes Bay, but because of all the the changes Bay, but because of all the the changes coming to Animation Courtyard, now my coming to Animation Courtyard, now my coming to Animation Courtyard, now my new spot, I think, is going to be Frozen new spot, I think, is going to be Frozen new spot, I think, is going to be Frozen Sing Along Adventure. [music] Sing Along Adventure. [music] Sing Along Adventure. [music] That one I'll probably end up doing That one I'll probably end up doing That one I'll probably end up doing twice. Or One Man's Dream inside Walt twice. Or One Man's Dream inside Walt twice. Or One Man's Dream inside Walt Disney Presents. Both of those can serve Disney Presents. Both of those can serve Disney Presents. Both of those can serve for this purpose. Specifically, One for this purpose. Specifically, One for this purpose. Specifically, One Man's Dream is actually going to be a Man's Dream is actually going to be a Man's Dream is actually going to be a little bit more quiet as well, so maybe little bit more quiet as well, so maybe little bit more quiet as well, so maybe that's the spot to go to. Finally, for that's the spot to go to. Finally, for that's the spot to go to. Finally, for Animal Kingdom, I love going to The Big Animal Kingdom, I love going to The Big Animal Kingdom, I love going to The Big Blue and Beyond, which is the Finding Blue and Beyond, which is the Finding Blue and Beyond, which is the Finding Nemo musical. I love that musical. This Nemo musical. I love that musical. This Nemo musical. I love that musical. This could be considered in the Twice could be considered in the Twice could be considered in the Twice category if you need that long of a category if you need that long of a category if you need that long of a break, but it's just a good place to break, but it's just a good place to break, but it's just a good place to again sit and decompress for the day. It again sit and decompress for the day. It again sit and decompress for the day. It might seem weird to a lot of people that might seem weird to a lot of people that might seem weird to a lot of people that I have spots to take naps in in the I have spots to take naps in in the I have spots to take naps in in the Disney World theme parks, but honestly, Disney World theme parks, but honestly, Disney World theme parks, but honestly, when you think about how long it can when you think about how long it can when you think about how long it can take to get to and from your resort, how take to get to and from your resort, how take to get to and from your resort, how much time it kind of takes out of your much time it kind of takes out of your much time it kind of takes out of your day, I like being in the parks. I don't day, I like being in the parks. I don't day, I like being in the parks. I don't really want to waste that much time, but really want to waste that much time, but really want to waste that much time, but I do need an hour to 2 hour break that I I do need an hour to 2 hour break that I I do need an hour to 2 hour break that I don't necessarily want to spend on a don't necessarily want to spend on a don't necessarily want to spend on a Disney World bus. So, finding spots in Disney World bus. So, finding spots in Disney World bus. So, finding spots in the park tend to work out for me more. the park tend to work out for me more. the park tend to work out for me more. You also can go to a resort nearby. It You also can go to a resort nearby. It You also can go to a resort nearby. It doesn't have to be your resort, but a doesn't have to be your resort, but a doesn't have to be your resort, but a lot of times Magic Kingdom, we love to lot of times Magic Kingdom, we love to lot of times Magic Kingdom, we love to get on the Montreal and go chill at a get on the Montreal and go chill at a get on the Montreal and go chill at a lounge for a while. There are a lot of lounge for a while. There are a lot of lounge for a while. There are a lot of options. You just have to know what options. You just have to know what options. You just have to know what feels right for you and how you want to feels right for you and how you want to feels right for you and how you want to spend your day. All that being said, spend your day. All that being said, spend your day. All that being said, there is going to be a crash, so maybe there is going to be a crash, so maybe there is going to be a crash, so maybe mentally plan ahead. Now, if you didn't mentally plan ahead. Now, if you didn't mentally plan ahead. Now, if you didn't know, you can actually order your food know, you can actually order your food know, you can actually order your food ahead of time in the parks through the ahead of time in the parks through the ahead of time in the parks through the My Disney Experience app. You can do My Disney Experience app. You can do My Disney Experience app. You can do breakfast, lunch, and dinner at some breakfast, lunch, and dinner at some breakfast, lunch, and dinner at some delicious spots without needing to wait delicious spots without needing to wait delicious spots without needing to wait in long lines. You can even get coffees, in long lines. You can even get coffees, in long lines. You can even get coffees, cold brews, and waters at some spots, cold brews, and waters at some spots, cold brews, and waters at some spots, which can be the biggest perk. We love which can be the biggest perk. We love which can be the biggest perk. We love Starbucks and Joffre, but sometimes they Starbucks and Joffre, but sometimes they Starbucks and Joffre, but sometimes they can take forever, especially if you're can take forever, especially if you're can take forever, especially if you're trying to get to your next ride. trying to get to your next ride. trying to get to your next ride. [screaming] Are you saying hello? You can order Are you saying hello? You can order Are you saying hello? You can order hours ahead of time. So, if you know you hours ahead of time. So, if you know you hours ahead of time. So, if you know you eat lunch at 12:00, go ahead [music] and eat lunch at 12:00, go ahead [music] and eat lunch at 12:00, go ahead [music] and place that order at 9:00 a.m. so it place that order at 9:00 a.m. so it place that order at 9:00 a.m. so it doesn't fill up. Time slots can fill up, doesn't fill up. Time slots can fill up, doesn't fill up. Time slots can fill up, and we've seen them be hours after your and we've seen them be hours after your and we've seen them be hours after your initial order. So, if you feel initial order. So, if you feel initial order. So, if you feel passionate about your lunch spot, go passionate about your lunch spot, go passionate about your lunch spot, go ahead and order as soon as possible. You ahead and order as soon as possible. You ahead and order as soon as possible. You can also check out through the app at can also check out through the app at can also check out through the app at certain spots and even save some time certain spots and even save some time certain spots and even save some time shopping. Spot like the Emporium in shopping. Spot like the Emporium in shopping. Spot like the Emporium in Magic Kingdom and World of Disney and Magic Kingdom and World of Disney and Magic Kingdom and World of Disney and Disney Springs can see massive crowds Disney Springs can see massive crowds Disney Springs can see massive crowds and insanely long lines, so grabbing and insanely long lines, so grabbing and insanely long lines, so grabbing [music] your merch and checking out [music] your merch and checking out [music] your merch and checking out through the app can help you avoid that. through the app can help you avoid that. through the app can help you avoid that. It is dangerous in the best way. It It is dangerous in the best way. It It is dangerous in the best way. It enables more shopping and you don't even enables more shopping and you don't even enables more shopping and you don't even have to think twice about it cuz you have to think twice about it cuz you have to think twice about it cuz you just you scan and go and you've bought just you scan and go and you've bought just you scan and go and you've bought it and you're done and the card is it and you're done and the card is it and you're done and the card is connected to the app and it's honestly connected to the app and it's honestly connected to the app and it's honestly so dangerous and I've bought so much so dangerous and I've bought so much so dangerous and I've bought so much more than I wanted [music] to or more than I wanted [music] to or more than I wanted [music] to or intended to with mobile checkout. So intended to with mobile checkout. So intended to with mobile checkout. So just be forewarned. It's really nice and just be forewarned. It's really nice and just be forewarned. It's really nice and handy, but then it's it's really nice handy, but then it's it's really nice handy, but then it's it's really nice and handy and you forget [music] how and handy and you forget [music] how and handy and you forget [music] how much you're spending. So just warning. much you're spending. So just warning. much you're spending. So just warning. &gt;&gt; Surviving spring break also includes &gt;&gt; Surviving spring break also includes &gt;&gt; Surviving spring break also includes staying safe. Now, this is something staying safe. Now, this is something staying safe. Now, this is something that we preach no matter when you're in that we preach no matter when you're in that we preach no matter when you're in Disney World. You should always be Disney World. You should always be Disney World. You should always be thinking about your safety and what's thinking about your safety and what's thinking about your safety and what's going on [music] with you and your going on [music] with you and your going on [music] with you and your group, but especially during those busy, group, but especially during those busy, group, but especially during those busy, crowded times. Crowds can be really crowded times. Crowds can be really crowded times. Crowds can be really hefty. If you're not paying attention or hefty. If you're not paying attention or hefty. If you're not paying attention or you get easily distracted, your little you get easily distracted, your little you get easily distracted, your little fry bucket might wander away to go say fry bucket might wander away to go say fry bucket might wander away to go say hi to Mickey. [music] Then what? You're hi to Mickey. [music] Then what? You're hi to Mickey. [music] Then what? You're panicked. The crowds are crazy. You're panicked. The crowds are crazy. You're panicked. The crowds are crazy. You're super hot. You're probably overly tired, super hot. You're probably overly tired, super hot. You're probably overly tired, even [music] borderline exhausted. And even [music] borderline exhausted. And even [music] borderline exhausted. And your brain isn't thinking right. and the your brain isn't thinking right. and the your brain isn't thinking right. and the stress absolutely [music] gets to you stress absolutely [music] gets to you stress absolutely [music] gets to you almost instantly. There are lots of ways almost instantly. There are lots of ways almost instantly. There are lots of ways to kind of protect yourself from this to kind of protect yourself from this to kind of protect yourself from this scenario and avoid the stress and fear scenario and avoid the stress and fear scenario and avoid the stress and fear that could come from a kiddo kind of that could come from a kiddo kind of that could come from a kiddo kind of wandering or getting momentarily lost. wandering or getting momentarily lost. wandering or getting momentarily lost. This is why we like to recommend having This is why we like to recommend having This is why we like to recommend having a good talk [music] with a capital T a good talk [music] with a capital T a good talk [music] with a capital T with your entire group before you go to with your entire group before you go to with your entire group before you go to Disney World. [music] We think this is a Disney World. [music] We think this is a Disney World. [music] We think this is a great time to be honest with your kids great time to be honest with your kids great time to be honest with your kids or with your group about what the week or with your group about what the week or with your group about what the week is going to look like. It's going to be is going to look like. It's going to be is going to look like. It's going to be crowded. this is gonna it's going to be crowded. this is gonna it's going to be crowded. this is gonna it's going to be hot. There's going to be a lot of people hot. There's going to be a lot of people hot. There's going to be a lot of people around you that you don't know. So, you around you that you don't know. So, you around you that you don't know. So, you need to make sure to stay together. That need to make sure to stay together. That need to make sure to stay together. That is the emphasis [music] here. I also is the emphasis [music] here. I also is the emphasis [music] here. I also think it's helpful to explain the think it's helpful to explain the think it's helpful to explain the dangers of wandering off, what could dangers of wandering off, what could dangers of wandering off, what could happen if maybe they turn around and mom happen if maybe they turn around and mom happen if maybe they turn around and mom and dad aren't with them. This is a good and dad aren't with them. This is a good and dad aren't with them. This is a good time to be upfront about what the time to be upfront about what the time to be upfront about what the expectations are well before you ever expectations are well before you ever expectations are well before you ever get into the stressful situation itself. get into the stressful situation itself. get into the stressful situation itself. This is also a great time to teach your This is also a great time to teach your This is also a great time to teach your kids or again the people in your group kids or again the people in your group kids or again the people in your group what cast members are. Cast members are what cast members are. Cast members are what cast members are. Cast members are Disney's employees, but they just go by Disney's employees, but they just go by Disney's employees, but they just go by [music] the name cast member, and they [music] the name cast member, and they [music] the name cast member, and they are trained in situations like this. So, are trained in situations like this. So, are trained in situations like this. So, if your kiddo looks up and realizes all if your kiddo looks up and realizes all if your kiddo looks up and realizes all of a sudden you're gone and they don't of a sudden you're gone and they don't of a sudden you're gone and they don't know what to do, the first thing that know what to do, the first thing that know what to do, the first thing that they should know to do is search for they should know to do is search for they should know to do is search for someone with a name tag that is a cast someone with a name tag that is a cast someone with a name tag that is a cast [music] member. Cast members can help [music] member. Cast members can help [music] member. Cast members can help you and take away so much of [music] the you and take away so much of [music] the you and take away so much of [music] the stress that can come from these kinds of stress that can come from these kinds of stress that can come from these kinds of situations because they do happen and situations because they do happen and situations because they do happen and that's why we have to talk about them. that's why we have to talk about them. that's why we have to talk about them. Now, this is also a great time to Now, this is also a great time to Now, this is also a great time to consider wardrobe. Maybe wear some consider wardrobe. Maybe wear some consider wardrobe. Maybe wear some bright colors, easily identifiable bright colors, easily identifiable bright colors, easily identifiable things, so [music] that way if they do things, so [music] that way if they do things, so [music] that way if they do kind of start to wander off, you can kind of start to wander off, you can kind of start to wander off, you can look up and say, "That's that lime green look up and say, "That's that lime green look up and say, "That's that lime green shirt," and go grab them before anything shirt," and go grab them before anything shirt," and go grab them before anything gets worse. A lot of parents over the gets worse. A lot of parents over the gets worse. A lot of parents over the last few years have also started using last few years have also started using last few years have also started using Apple Air Tags or different tracking Apple Air Tags or different tracking Apple Air Tags or different tracking devices um that they put on a watch for devices um that they put on a watch for devices um that they put on a watch for their kids. And I've even seen some their kids. And I've even seen some their kids. And I've even seen some parents put them in their shoe inserts parents put them in their shoe inserts parents put them in their shoe inserts so that way if they do get a little bit so that way if they do get a little bit so that way if they do get a little bit far, you kind of have a piece of mind of far, you kind of have a piece of mind of far, you kind of have a piece of mind of like what direction they're in. Now, a like what direction they're in. Now, a like what direction they're in. Now, a lot of moms I have read online do have lot of moms I have read online do have lot of moms I have read online do have the complaint that it is not an exact the complaint that it is not an exact the complaint that it is not an exact location if you're using Apple Air Tags. location if you're using Apple Air Tags. location if you're using Apple Air Tags. Sometimes it's more general, but at Sometimes it's more general, but at Sometimes it's more general, but at least you can kind of have an idea of least you can kind of have an idea of least you can kind of have an idea of roughly where they're at should the roughly where they're at should the roughly where they're at should the situation happen. Hopefully, if you do situation happen. Hopefully, if you do situation happen. Hopefully, if you do all of these things, it won't happen, all of these things, it won't happen, all of these things, it won't happen, but [music] it never hurts to be but [music] it never hurts to be but [music] it never hurts to be prepared. At Disney, kids 14 and under prepared. At Disney, kids 14 and under prepared. At Disney, kids 14 and under do have to be with a parent at all do have to be with a parent at all do have to be with a parent at all times. [music] But if you have a kiddo times. [music] But if you have a kiddo times. [music] But if you have a kiddo that's 15, it also doesn't hurt to make that's 15, it also doesn't hurt to make that's 15, it also doesn't hurt to make sure that they have at least a friend sure that they have at least a friend sure that they have at least a friend with them before they go off to Ride with them before they go off to Ride with them before they go off to Ride Space Mountain [music] while you're Space Mountain [music] while you're Space Mountain [music] while you're getting everyone waters. For older getting everyone waters. For older getting everyone waters. For older family members or anyone in your group family members or anyone in your group family members or anyone in your group or anyone with a cell phone, this is or anyone with a cell phone, this is or anyone with a cell phone, this is also a great time to stress the also a great time to stress the also a great time to stress the importance of making sure your phone is importance of making sure your phone is importance of making sure your phone is charged. Your phones are really the keys charged. Your phones are really the keys charged. Your phones are really the keys to the kingdom. You're going to be using to the kingdom. You're going to be using to the kingdom. You're going to be using them all day for a [music] myriad of them all day for a [music] myriad of them all day for a [music] myriad of reasons, but if anything were to happen, reasons, but if anything were to happen, reasons, but if anything were to happen, what's the first thing you're doing? what's the first thing you're doing? what's the first thing you're doing? You're calling the other person's cell You're calling the other person's cell You're calling the other person's cell phone. you're trying to get in [music] phone. you're trying to get in [music] phone. you're trying to get in [music] contact with them to make sure what's contact with them to make sure what's contact with them to make sure what's going on or if they have little Fryb going on or if they have little Fryb going on or if they have little Fryb Bucket with them because you thought Fry Bucket with them because you thought Fry Bucket with them because you thought Fry Bucket was with you and suddenly [music] Bucket was with you and suddenly [music] Bucket was with you and suddenly [music] she's not. If your phone dies, that just she's not. If your phone dies, that just she's not. If your phone dies, that just makes the situation a lot harder and it makes the situation a lot harder and it makes the situation a lot harder and it makes everyone a [music] little bit more makes everyone a [music] little bit more makes everyone a [music] little bit more stressed out. So, everyone have portable stressed out. So, everyone have portable stressed out. So, everyone have portable chargers with you. And if you know that chargers with you. And if you know that chargers with you. And if you know that your phone's starting to die, call the your phone's starting to die, call the your phone's starting to die, call the other person in your party and let them other person in your party and let them other person in your party and let them know, hey, my phone is starting to die. know, hey, my phone is starting to die. know, hey, my phone is starting to die. [music] We need to either meet up now or [music] We need to either meet up now or [music] We need to either meet up now or I'm in this line. I'm going to finish my I'm in this line. I'm going to finish my I'm in this line. I'm going to finish my ride and then I will meet you at X spot. ride and then I will meet you at X spot. ride and then I will meet you at X spot. be overly communicative. It just gives be overly communicative. It just gives be overly communicative. It just gives everyone peace of mind. Disney World is everyone peace of mind. Disney World is everyone peace of mind. Disney World is very safe. We also don't mean for this very safe. We also don't mean for this very safe. We also don't mean for this section of the video to be stressful or section of the video to be stressful or section of the video to be stressful or to worry [music] you, but it also is one to worry [music] you, but it also is one to worry [music] you, but it also is one of those like be prepared, be smart, and of those like be prepared, be smart, and of those like be prepared, be smart, and just make sure you can cut down on your just make sure you can cut down on your just make sure you can cut down on your stress. There's already going to be stress. There's already going to be stress. There's already going to be moments during spring break that it's moments during spring break that it's moments during spring break that it's overwhelming. [music] overwhelming. [music] overwhelming. [music] So, don't add to the pile. And finally, So, don't add to the pile. And finally, So, don't add to the pile. And finally, this is the time to be realistic. this is the time to be realistic. this is the time to be realistic. [music] [music] [music] While it is possible to do almost While it is possible to do almost While it is possible to do almost everything in every single park during everything in every single park during everything in every single park during your trip, it's not always the most fun. your trip, it's not always the most fun. your trip, it's not always the most fun. Setting [music] priorities and goals can Setting [music] priorities and goals can Setting [music] priorities and goals can be the perfect way to keep a realistic be the perfect way to keep a realistic be the perfect way to keep a realistic mind frame [music] and avoid mind frame [music] and avoid mind frame [music] and avoid disappointment during your vacation. disappointment during your vacation. disappointment during your vacation. Peak season crowds can be the best time Peak season crowds can be the best time Peak season crowds can be the best time to bring your patience and flexibility to bring your patience and flexibility to bring your patience and flexibility because things can change at the drop of because things can change at the drop of because things can change at the drop of a hat and they will. Weather can close a hat and they will. Weather can close a hat and they will. Weather can close rides. There can be unexpected issues rides. There can be unexpected issues rides. There can be unexpected issues and overall it's just an overwhelming and overall it's just an overwhelming and overall it's just an overwhelming time to be there. We like to choose time to be there. We like to choose time to be there. We like to choose three priorities per person for the three priorities per person for the three priorities per person for the entire trip so that we can try our entire trip so that we can try our entire trip so that we can try our hardest to make everybody [music] happy. hardest to make everybody [music] happy. hardest to make everybody [music] happy. And after those priorities, everything And after those priorities, everything And after those priorities, everything else on the trip is just a cherry on else on the trip is just a cherry on else on the trip is just a cherry on [music] top. That being said, if you've [music] top. That being said, if you've [music] top. That being said, if you've made it this far, and if you're watching made it this far, and if you're watching made it this far, and if you're watching videos like this before your vacation, videos like this before your vacation, videos like this before your vacation, you're already setting yourself up for you're already setting yourself up for you're already setting yourself up for success. So, go you. success. So, go you. success. So, go you. &gt;&gt; If you've made it this far, be sure to &gt;&gt; If you've made it this far, be sure to &gt;&gt; If you've made it this far, be sure to go ahead and like and subscribe for more go ahead and like and subscribe for more go ahead and like and subscribe for more [music] theme park tips, tricks, [music] theme park tips, tricks, [music] theme park tips, tricks, &gt;&gt; fun, and survival kits. We post videos &gt;&gt; fun, and survival kits. We post videos &gt;&gt; fun, and survival kits. We post videos about Disney World, Universal, [music] about Disney World, Universal, [music] about Disney World, Universal, [music] other theme parks and beyond all week other theme parks and beyond all week other theme parks and beyond all week long. Be sure to comment the secret code long. Be sure to comment the secret code long. Be sure to comment the secret code down below and be sure to always stick down below and be sure to always stick down below and be sure to always stick around. Why? Because we're serious about around. Why? Because we're serious about around. Why? Because we're serious about fun. fun. fun. &gt;&gt; Bye. &gt;&gt; Bye. &gt;&gt; Bye. &gt;&gt; Thanks for watching.
