---
video_id: 2Bgg87xJuHU
channel: AllEars.net
title: "The Most UNDERRATED Experience in Disney World 🥀"
published: 2025-12-15
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Bgg87xJuHU
---
This is the most underrated experience This is the most underrated experience This is the most underrated experience in Disney World. It's called Enchanted in Disney World. It's called Enchanted in Disney World. It's called Enchanted Tales with Belle and has the best Tales with Belle and has the best Tales with Belle and has the best pre-show in all of Disney World. This is pre-show in all of Disney World. This is pre-show in all of Disney World. This is your official spoiler warning. The your official spoiler warning. The your official spoiler warning. The entire mirror opens up and creates a entire mirror opens up and creates a entire mirror opens up and creates a portal for you to enter the Beast portal for you to enter the Beast portal for you to enter the Beast Castle. Castle. Castle. Then you walk right through it. Now that Then you walk right through it. Now that Then you walk right through it. Now that you're at the castle, you're greeted by you're at the castle, you're greeted by you're at the castle, you're greeted by the wardrobe because she needs our help the wardrobe because she needs our help the wardrobe because she needs our help to tell the story of Beauty and the to tell the story of Beauty and the to tell the story of Beauty and the Beast. We're putting on a play, kids. Beast. We're putting on a play, kids. Beast. We're putting on a play, kids. But the whole thing is a surprise for But the whole thing is a surprise for But the whole thing is a surprise for Belle. Don't worry, Photo Pass is taking Belle. Don't worry, Photo Pass is taking Belle. Don't worry, Photo Pass is taking pictures the whole time. There's so much pictures the whole time. There's so much pictures the whole time. There's so much interaction that's perfect for the kids. interaction that's perfect for the kids. interaction that's perfect for the kids. It's basically a walkthrough experience, It's basically a walkthrough experience, It's basically a walkthrough experience, part show, part meet and greet. I'd like part show, part meet and greet. I'd like part show, part meet and greet. I'd like to request more of these, please. Even to request more of these, please. Even to request more of these, please. Even Lumiere agrees. Hey, bestie. Follow all Lumiere agrees. Hey, bestie. Follow all Lumiere agrees. Hey, bestie. Follow all this for more. Bye-bye.
