---
video_id: AtC28rAwOcc
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Everything You Can Do In Universal CityWalk"
published: 2025-12-21
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AtC28rAwOcc
---
What is CityWalk at Universal Orlando? What is CityWalk at Universal Orlando? What is CityWalk at Universal Orlando? I'm Quincy. You're watching All Ears and I'm Quincy. You're watching All Ears and I'm Quincy. You're watching All Ears and I'm going to talk you through it. If you're headed to Universal Orlando, If you're headed to Universal Orlando, If you're headed to Universal Orlando, whether you're staying in one of the whether you're staying in one of the whether you're staying in one of the hotels or just visiting the parks, hotels or just visiting the parks, hotels or just visiting the parks, you're going to find yourself at you're going to find yourself at you're going to find yourself at CityWalk. And Citywalk, you're going to CityWalk. And Citywalk, you're going to CityWalk. And Citywalk, you're going to find yourself getting directions through find yourself getting directions through find yourself getting directions through CityWalk, walking through Citywalk, or CityWalk, walking through Citywalk, or CityWalk, walking through Citywalk, or the park's closing early and your only the park's closing early and your only the park's closing early and your only option is CityWalk. And you might option is CityWalk. And you might option is CityWalk. And you might wonder, what is that? What can I do wonder, what is that? What can I do wonder, what is that? What can I do there? That's a very good question. So, there? That's a very good question. So, there? That's a very good question. So, CityWalk is Universal Orlando's shopping CityWalk is Universal Orlando's shopping CityWalk is Universal Orlando's shopping and dining district. Uh, similar, if and dining district. Uh, similar, if and dining district. Uh, similar, if you're more familiar with Disney, to you're more familiar with Disney, to you're more familiar with Disney, to Disney Springs. So, this is it. You're Disney Springs. So, this is it. You're Disney Springs. So, this is it. You're looking at it. This is CityWalk. The looking at it. This is CityWalk. The looking at it. This is CityWalk. The catch here is that to access the catch here is that to access the catch here is that to access the original two Universal parks, Universal original two Universal parks, Universal original two Universal parks, Universal Studios and Islands of Adventure, you Studios and Islands of Adventure, you Studios and Islands of Adventure, you will find yourself walking through will find yourself walking through will find yourself walking through CityWalk. Also, CityWalk typically stays CityWalk. Also, CityWalk typically stays CityWalk. Also, CityWalk typically stays open much later than the parks. So, if open much later than the parks. So, if open much later than the parks. So, if you're trying to extend your vacation you're trying to extend your vacation you're trying to extend your vacation day and stay in the Universal bubble, day and stay in the Universal bubble, day and stay in the Universal bubble, this is probably where you're going to this is probably where you're going to this is probably where you're going to end up. But the good news is there's a end up. But the good news is there's a end up. But the good news is there's a lot to do. So I'm going to show you lot to do. So I'm going to show you lot to do. So I'm going to show you around so you know all your options that around so you know all your options that around so you know all your options that you can make the most of your CityWalk you can make the most of your CityWalk you can make the most of your CityWalk time. Most of us when we enter Citywalk time. Most of us when we enter Citywalk time. Most of us when we enter Citywalk are going to be coming from here right are going to be coming from here right are going to be coming from here right behind me. This is the path that comes behind me. This is the path that comes behind me. This is the path that comes from the bus station, security, the from the bus station, security, the from the bus station, security, the parking garage, the Uber drop off. parking garage, the Uber drop off. parking garage, the Uber drop off. Pretty much everything comes through Pretty much everything comes through Pretty much everything comes through here. If you bust from Epic Universe, if here. If you bust from Epic Universe, if here. If you bust from Epic Universe, if you bust from your hotel, you're coming you bust from your hotel, you're coming you bust from your hotel, you're coming right here. The only exception is if right here. The only exception is if right here. The only exception is if you're in one of the pricier hotels that you're in one of the pricier hotels that you're in one of the pricier hotels that has boat transportation or a walking has boat transportation or a walking has boat transportation or a walking path, which we will cover, but I would path, which we will cover, but I would path, which we will cover, but I would say 90% of people coming to Citywalk are say 90% of people coming to Citywalk are say 90% of people coming to Citywalk are going to be coming through this going to be coming through this going to be coming through this entrance. This is where we're going to entrance. This is where we're going to entrance. This is where we're going to start our tour. Right as you enter is start our tour. Right as you enter is start our tour. Right as you enter is one of my favorite attractions of one of my favorite attractions of one of my favorite attractions of CityWalk, Hollywood Drive-In golf. This CityWalk, Hollywood Drive-In golf. This CityWalk, Hollywood Drive-In golf. This is a pup huck course that is themed to a is a pup huck course that is themed to a is a pup huck course that is themed to a Hollywood drive-in, but with some pretty Hollywood drive-in, but with some pretty Hollywood drive-in, but with some pretty unique twist. Uh, for instance, aliens unique twist. Uh, for instance, aliens unique twist. Uh, for instance, aliens have invaded. But this is heavily themed have invaded. But this is heavily themed have invaded. But this is heavily themed pup. It is not going to be your classic pup. It is not going to be your classic pup. It is not going to be your classic pirate themed beach putt putt. Uh there pirate themed beach putt putt. Uh there pirate themed beach putt putt. Uh there are two different courts. You can do a are two different courts. You can do a are two different courts. You can do a single feature or a double feature and single feature or a double feature and single feature or a double feature and play both. Uh and it's themed to be play both. Uh and it's themed to be play both. Uh and it's themed to be you're walking into a drive-in and you you're walking into a drive-in and you you're walking into a drive-in and you can go into the ghostly feature or the can go into the ghostly feature or the can go into the ghostly feature or the sci-fi feature themed to those classic sci-fi feature themed to those classic sci-fi feature themed to those classic The courses are very very well themed. The courses are very very well themed. The courses are very very well themed. They're eye-catching when you're walking They're eye-catching when you're walking They're eye-catching when you're walking into CityWalk and they are super fun to into CityWalk and they are super fun to into CityWalk and they are super fun to play. Rates for one course are about $20 play. Rates for one course are about $20 play. Rates for one course are about $20 per person, but it can vary based on per person, but it can vary based on per person, but it can vary based on what time you're playing. And pro tip, what time you're playing. And pro tip, what time you're playing. And pro tip, you can get 10% off if you book online you can get 10% off if you book online you can get 10% off if you book online in advance. Next up, Universal does have in advance. Next up, Universal does have in advance. Next up, Universal does have its very own cineark. This is a huge its very own cineark. This is a huge its very own cineark. This is a huge theater. It's multi-story. There are theater. It's multi-story. There are theater. It's multi-story. There are tons of cinemas and they typically have tons of cinemas and they typically have tons of cinemas and they typically have pretty exciting like photo ops and pretty exciting like photo ops and pretty exciting like photo ops and things for big events. There's a lot of things for big events. There's a lot of things for big events. There's a lot of Universal Pictures second events like Universal Pictures second events like Universal Pictures second events like the 40th anniversary of Back to the the 40th anniversary of Back to the the 40th anniversary of Back to the Future. You can see it on the big screen Future. You can see it on the big screen Future. You can see it on the big screen again. It's a really great theater. a again. It's a really great theater. a again. It's a really great theater. a really fun theater. And I used to be one really fun theater. And I used to be one really fun theater. And I used to be one who was like, why would you go to a who was like, why would you go to a who was like, why would you go to a movie on your vacation? But actually, movie on your vacation? But actually, movie on your vacation? But actually, it's a great way if you have a break day it's a great way if you have a break day it's a great way if you have a break day in the middle of your trip to get some in the middle of your trip to get some in the middle of your trip to get some rest in and still have some fun or rest in and still have some fun or rest in and still have some fun or something to do on the day that you something to do on the day that you something to do on the day that you travel out a little later in the day uh travel out a little later in the day uh travel out a little later in the day uh and you don't have a park ticket. Across and you don't have a park ticket. Across and you don't have a park ticket. Across the way, we have Bubblegum Shrimp the way, we have Bubblegum Shrimp the way, we have Bubblegum Shrimp Company. This is a restaurant and market Company. This is a restaurant and market Company. This is a restaurant and market that is themed to Bubba Gump from Forest that is themed to Bubba Gump from Forest that is themed to Bubba Gump from Forest Gum. It is a chain. Uh, it's obviously Gum. It is a chain. Uh, it's obviously Gum. It is a chain. Uh, it's obviously going to focus on seafood, but super fun going to focus on seafood, but super fun going to focus on seafood, but super fun for forest fans. Medium quality. Uh, and for forest fans. Medium quality. Uh, and for forest fans. Medium quality. Uh, and sometimes there's a giant shrimp that sometimes there's a giant shrimp that sometimes there's a giant shrimp that you can meet out here in a costume. Now, you can meet out here in a costume. Now, you can meet out here in a costume. Now, unlike like Disney Springs, CityWalk has unlike like Disney Springs, CityWalk has unlike like Disney Springs, CityWalk has two stories, [music] and you're missing two stories, [music] and you're missing two stories, [music] and you're missing out on a ton if you don't head up to the out on a ton if you don't head up to the out on a ton if you don't head up to the second story. So, we will be doing that. second story. So, we will be doing that. second story. So, we will be doing that. But perhaps one of the most important But perhaps one of the most important But perhaps one of the most important and frequented stops here is Starbucks. and frequented stops here is Starbucks. and frequented stops here is Starbucks. There is a full Starbucks location here, There is a full Starbucks location here, There is a full Starbucks location here, and they do accept mobile order here. It and they do accept mobile order here. It and they do accept mobile order here. It is a great Starbucks. Honestly, they've is a great Starbucks. Honestly, they've is a great Starbucks. Honestly, they've got indoor and outdoor seating. So, it got indoor and outdoor seating. So, it got indoor and outdoor seating. So, it is a full Starbucks location. The good is a full Starbucks location. The good is a full Starbucks location. The good news is if you have any questions about news is if you have any questions about news is if you have any questions about CityWalk in general or the parks in CityWalk in general or the parks in CityWalk in general or the parks in general, there is a concierge which can general, there is a concierge which can general, there is a concierge which can be helpful with reservations and any be helpful with reservations and any be helpful with reservations and any questions or directions you might need. questions or directions you might need. questions or directions you might need. Just next to Starbucks is a Cold Stone Just next to Starbucks is a Cold Stone Just next to Starbucks is a Cold Stone crearyy, obviously, kind of like crafted crearyy, obviously, kind of like crafted crearyy, obviously, kind of like crafted ice cream specialties. Uh it is a chain ice cream specialties. Uh it is a chain ice cream specialties. Uh it is a chain that you probably have at home, but that that you probably have at home, but that that you probably have at home, but that doesn't mean the ice cream uh doesn't doesn't mean the ice cream uh doesn't doesn't mean the ice cream uh doesn't hit the craving when you need it. And hit the craving when you need it. And hit the craving when you need it. And this is also where you'll find guest this is also where you'll find guest this is also where you'll find guest services. Guest service is going to be services. Guest service is going to be services. Guest service is going to be able to help you with any ticket issues able to help you with any ticket issues able to help you with any ticket issues or challenges you have, any like or challenges you have, any like or challenges you have, any like customer service requests you need, you customer service requests you need, you customer service requests you need, you can head right here. It's also right can head right here. It's also right can head right here. It's also right next to the restrooms and health next to the restrooms and health next to the restrooms and health services. So, if you need first aid, if services. So, if you need first aid, if services. So, if you need first aid, if you have a headache and need a little you have a headache and need a little you have a headache and need a little medication, you can actually head down medication, you can actually head down medication, you can actually head down this hallway to health services and they this hallway to health services and they this hallway to health services and they will be able to help you out. Health will be able to help you out. Health will be able to help you out. Health services can be a total lifesaver, services can be a total lifesaver, services can be a total lifesaver, particularly if you have like a headache particularly if you have like a headache particularly if you have like a headache or like heartburn, which let's be or like heartburn, which let's be or like heartburn, which let's be honest, you have heartburn, you're honest, you have heartburn, you're honest, you have heartburn, you're eating theme park food. So, if you do eating theme park food. So, if you do eating theme park food. So, if you do you run out of med and you run out of you run out of med and you run out of you run out of med and you run out of medicine or didn't bring any, they can medicine or didn't bring any, they can medicine or didn't bring any, they can often give you single doses for free. often give you single doses for free. often give you single doses for free. And our final two dining options on this And our final two dining options on this And our final two dining options on this little stretch are Red Oven Pizza little stretch are Red Oven Pizza little stretch are Red Oven Pizza Bakery. Another chain that's kind of the Bakery. Another chain that's kind of the Bakery. Another chain that's kind of the name of the game here. You're going to name of the game here. You're going to name of the game here. You're going to see a lot of chains. This one going to see a lot of chains. This one going to see a lot of chains. This one going to be pizza. It's also open very late be pizza. It's also open very late be pizza. It's also open very late night, so this can be a lifesaver if night, so this can be a lifesaver if night, so this can be a lifesaver if you're in the park super late and you you're in the park super late and you you're in the park super late and you don't find time to grab a a bite to eat. don't find time to grab a a bite to eat. don't find time to grab a a bite to eat. But one of the stars of CityWalk dining But one of the stars of CityWalk dining But one of the stars of CityWalk dining is here on the corner. You can find it is here on the corner. You can find it is here on the corner. You can find it by looking for this yellow weird by looking for this yellow weird by looking for this yellow weird creature. And I'll explain. This is a creature. And I'll explain. This is a creature. And I'll explain. This is a cowfish, uh, which is the name of this cowfish, uh, which is the name of this cowfish, uh, which is the name of this restaurant, the Cowfish, which is a restaurant, the Cowfish, which is a restaurant, the Cowfish, which is a sushi and burger joint. And I mean that sushi and burger joint. And I mean that sushi and burger joint. And I mean that in a very meldy way. Not only do they in a very meldy way. Not only do they in a very meldy way. Not only do they have really delicious classic sushi and have really delicious classic sushi and have really delicious classic sushi and burger, they also have burgushi, which burger, they also have burgushi, which burger, they also have burgushi, which is sushi in burger form and burgers in is sushi in burger form and burgers in is sushi in burger form and burgers in sushi form. Cowfish is an awesome sushi form. Cowfish is an awesome sushi form. Cowfish is an awesome restaurant and there are not many restaurant and there are not many restaurant and there are not many around. I think there's only like three around. I think there's only like three around. I think there's only like three or four maybe. There's actually one in or four maybe. There's actually one in or four maybe. There's actually one in my hometown. I think it started in my hometown. I think it started in my hometown. I think it started in Charlotte, North Carolina where I'm Charlotte, North Carolina where I'm Charlotte, North Carolina where I'm from, but it is a very good restaurant. from, but it is a very good restaurant. from, but it is a very good restaurant. I highly recommend it if you're looking I highly recommend it if you're looking I highly recommend it if you're looking for like a sit-down meal. I don't often for like a sit-down meal. I don't often for like a sit-down meal. I don't often recommend the sit down meals that are in recommend the sit down meals that are in recommend the sit down meals that are in the actual Universal parks. I would the actual Universal parks. I would the actual Universal parks. I would recommend coming out to a sit down meal recommend coming out to a sit down meal recommend coming out to a sit down meal at Citywalk and this is one of my top at Citywalk and this is one of my top at Citywalk and this is one of my top recommended but warning it does fill up. recommended but warning it does fill up. recommended but warning it does fill up. It can have a long wait so be prepped It can have a long wait so be prepped It can have a long wait so be prepped for that andor make reservations. But for that andor make reservations. But for that andor make reservations. But let's cross the other side here because let's cross the other side here because let's cross the other side here because one of the biggest attractions in one of the biggest attractions in one of the biggest attractions in CityWalk is the Universal Studios store. CityWalk is the Universal Studios store. CityWalk is the Universal Studios store. This is a massive catch all store for This is a massive catch all store for This is a massive catch all store for Universal merchandise from all of the Universal merchandise from all of the Universal merchandise from all of the parks. You'll notice stuff from all parks. You'll notice stuff from all parks. You'll notice stuff from all three of the parks. So, this is a this three of the parks. So, this is a this three of the parks. So, this is a this is a great spot to find seasonal is a great spot to find seasonal is a great spot to find seasonal merchandise as well as merchandise from merchandise as well as merchandise from merchandise as well as merchandise from the universe. Here's Isle of Burke. the universe. Here's Isle of Burke. the universe. Here's Isle of Burke. You've got Marvel. You've got pretty You've got Marvel. You've got pretty You've got Marvel. You've got pretty much every property is going to be in much every property is going to be in much every property is going to be in here with all of the classic merchandise here with all of the classic merchandise here with all of the classic merchandise options. Pins, keychains, t-shirts, options. Pins, keychains, t-shirts, options. Pins, keychains, t-shirts, headbands, hats, lanyards. Lanyards are headbands, hats, lanyards. Lanyards are headbands, hats, lanyards. Lanyards are big at Universal cuz you often need to big at Universal cuz you often need to big at Universal cuz you often need to scan your ticket or your photo card. So, scan your ticket or your photo card. So, scan your ticket or your photo card. So, it's super easy to just slide that into it's super easy to just slide that into it's super easy to just slide that into a lanyard. They've got the Love is a lanyard. They've got the Love is a lanyard. They've got the Love is Universal Pride collection. They've got Universal Pride collection. They've got Universal Pride collection. They've got Jaws merch, ET. They have my favorite Jaws merch, ET. They have my favorite Jaws merch, ET. They have my favorite collection, which is the Universal collection, which is the Universal collection, which is the Universal Studios collection. It's very classic, Studios collection. It's very classic, Studios collection. It's very classic, like movie style stuff with, of course, like movie style stuff with, of course, like movie style stuff with, of course, their classic films. Massive selection their classic films. Massive selection their classic films. Massive selection of Minion merchandise cuz the kids love of Minion merchandise cuz the kids love of Minion merchandise cuz the kids love Minions. Minions. Minions. And the biggest section in sort of this And the biggest section in sort of this And the biggest section in sort of this main stretch of the store is going to be main stretch of the store is going to be main stretch of the store is going to be the Wizarding World of Harry Potter the Wizarding World of Harry Potter the Wizarding World of Harry Potter section. I actually love shopping for section. I actually love shopping for section. I actually love shopping for Wizarding World merchandise here because Wizarding World merchandise here because Wizarding World merchandise here because in the actual park, the stores are very, in the actual park, the stores are very, in the actual park, the stores are very, very themed and they can get very tight very themed and they can get very tight very themed and they can get very tight and very crowded. It can be hard to see and very crowded. It can be hard to see and very crowded. It can be hard to see everything. So, this is a great way to everything. So, this is a great way to everything. So, this is a great way to get out here and be able to actually get out here and be able to actually get out here and be able to actually peruse the merchandise [music] with like peruse the merchandise [music] with like peruse the merchandise [music] with like elbow room and breathing room. They do elbow room and breathing room. They do elbow room and breathing room. They do have the prop replicas. They have the have the prop replicas. They have the have the prop replicas. They have the wands. They have the robes. Everything wands. They have the robes. Everything wands. They have the robes. Everything you're thinking of, jewelry. Um, and if you're thinking of, jewelry. Um, and if you're thinking of, jewelry. Um, and if you keep going, this has actually you keep going, this has actually you keep going, this has actually recently been extended. recently been extended. recently been extended. So, there is now even more room for So, there is now even more room for So, there is now even more room for Wizarding World merchandise. And there's Wizarding World merchandise. And there's Wizarding World merchandise. And there's even a butterbeer bar in here. That's even a butterbeer bar in here. That's even a butterbeer bar in here. That's right. You don't have to go into the right. You don't have to go into the right. You don't have to go into the park to get butterbeer. You can come and park to get butterbeer. You can come and park to get butterbeer. You can come and get cold or frozen butterbeer right here get cold or frozen butterbeer right here get cold or frozen butterbeer right here in the store at this butterbeer bar. Or, in the store at this butterbeer bar. Or, in the store at this butterbeer bar. Or, you know, if you want like a entire bag you know, if you want like a entire bag you know, if you want like a entire bag that looks like butterbeer, you could that looks like butterbeer, you could that looks like butterbeer, you could also get that. Or this thing that looks also get that. Or this thing that looks also get that. Or this thing that looks like you're have butterbeer all the like you're have butterbeer all the like you're have butterbeer all the time. I wish they served butterbeer like time. I wish they served butterbeer like time. I wish they served butterbeer like this. That is like yeah, my vibe. And this. That is like yeah, my vibe. And this. That is like yeah, my vibe. And then continuing on, we actually connect then continuing on, we actually connect then continuing on, we actually connect directly into the Super Nintendo World directly into the Super Nintendo World directly into the Super Nintendo World Store. This is another addition and it's Store. This is another addition and it's Store. This is another addition and it's technically just kind of an extension of technically just kind of an extension of technically just kind of an extension of the Universal Studios store. You'll see the Universal Studios store. You'll see the Universal Studios store. You'll see it's not all Nintendo. There's some it's not all Nintendo. There's some it's not all Nintendo. There's some Simpsons here, but it is mostly Simpsons here, but it is mostly Simpsons here, but it is mostly Nintendo. Um, so if you're a big Nintendo. Um, so if you're a big Nintendo. Um, so if you're a big Nintendo fan, you're going to want to Nintendo fan, you're going to want to Nintendo fan, you're going to want to head here to check out all the head here to check out all the head here to check out all the merchandise. I love this Player One merchandise. I love this Player One merchandise. I love this Player One [music] and Player 2 collection. I think [music] and Player 2 collection. I think [music] and Player 2 collection. I think that's so cute. that's so cute. that's so cute. &gt;&gt; Are you more of a Mario or a Luigi? I &gt;&gt; Are you more of a Mario or a Luigi? I &gt;&gt; Are you more of a Mario or a Luigi? I would be more of a Luigi, I think. Now, would be more of a Luigi, I think. Now, would be more of a Luigi, I think. Now, CityWalk is kind of shaped like a Y on CityWalk is kind of shaped like a Y on CityWalk is kind of shaped like a Y on the first floor. So, we're coming up the the first floor. So, we're coming up the the first floor. So, we're coming up the long part of the Y and then it splits long part of the Y and then it splits long part of the Y and then it splits this way and this way. It's kind of more this way and this way. It's kind of more this way and this way. It's kind of more of a fork. There's like three prongs. of a fork. There's like three prongs. of a fork. There's like three prongs. Uh, but this left kind of goes upstairs. Uh, but this left kind of goes upstairs. Uh, but this left kind of goes upstairs. So, we're going to save that for later. So, we're going to save that for later. So, we're going to save that for later. We're going to go to the right first. Up We're going to go to the right first. Up We're going to go to the right first. Up ahead of me, though, very important ahead of me, though, very important ahead of me, though, very important spot. This is the Coca-Cola stand. Uh, spot. This is the Coca-Cola stand. Uh, spot. This is the Coca-Cola stand. Uh, for one, they have breakfast. So, they for one, they have breakfast. So, they for one, they have breakfast. So, they serve from 8:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. And serve from 8:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. And serve from 8:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. And breakfast can be a little hard to find breakfast can be a little hard to find breakfast can be a little hard to find without like sitting down for a full without like sitting down for a full without like sitting down for a full proper meal. So, that's a great option. proper meal. So, that's a great option. proper meal. So, that's a great option. There's also home to Coke Freestyle There's also home to Coke Freestyle There's also home to Coke Freestyle machines. It's a big thing at Universal. machines. It's a big thing at Universal. machines. It's a big thing at Universal. You can get their reusable mugs and You can get their reusable mugs and You can get their reusable mugs and validate them to get refills at validate them to get refills at validate them to get refills at Coca-Cola Freestyle machines all over Coca-Cola Freestyle machines all over Coca-Cola Freestyle machines all over the parks and citywalk and the hotels the parks and citywalk and the hotels the parks and citywalk and the hotels and they'll validate it for a period of and they'll validate it for a period of and they'll validate it for a period of time. But another pro tip is that you do time. But another pro tip is that you do time. But another pro tip is that you do not need like a validated cup to be able not need like a validated cup to be able not need like a validated cup to be able to get filtered cold ice water from to get filtered cold ice water from to get filtered cold ice water from these. So water is actually very easy to these. So water is actually very easy to these. So water is actually very easy to get around Universal, especially at Epic get around Universal, especially at Epic get around Universal, especially at Epic Universe where there's freestyle Universe where there's freestyle Universe where there's freestyle machines everywhere. Just make sure that machines everywhere. Just make sure that machines everywhere. Just make sure that you have something to fill up. Whether you have something to fill up. Whether you have something to fill up. Whether you buy yourself a water bottle, drink you buy yourself a water bottle, drink you buy yourself a water bottle, drink it, and then keep filling the same one it, and then keep filling the same one it, and then keep filling the same one or bring a reusable water bottle, which or bring a reusable water bottle, which or bring a reusable water bottle, which is my action of choice, or bring a is my action of choice, or bring a is my action of choice, or bring a nonvalidated reusable cup that used nonvalidated reusable cup that used nonvalidated reusable cup that used another day and just get water. another day and just get water. another day and just get water. Although, I do like to get my cup Although, I do like to get my cup Although, I do like to get my cup revalidated because then I can drink revalidated because then I can drink revalidated because then I can drink Power Aid and I can make fun mixes of Power Aid and I can make fun mixes of Power Aid and I can make fun mixes of Power Aid. I am so shocked they have Power Aid. I am so shocked they have Power Aid. I am so shocked they have this splash pad on because it is 55 this splash pad on because it is 55 this splash pad on because it is 55 degrees right now, which I know it's not degrees right now, which I know it's not degrees right now, which I know it's not super cold in other parts of the super cold in other parts of the super cold in other parts of the country, but for Florida, that is brisk. country, but for Florida, that is brisk. country, but for Florida, that is brisk. Now, granted, they do kind of just have Now, granted, they do kind of just have Now, granted, they do kind of just have this one. Oh, no. Okay, I thought it was this one. Oh, no. Okay, I thought it was this one. Oh, no. Okay, I thought it was just one jet. Um, no kids playing in just one jet. Um, no kids playing in just one jet. Um, no kids playing in this right now, but in the summer kids this right now, but in the summer kids this right now, but in the summer kids go crazy for a splash pad. Anyway, back go crazy for a splash pad. Anyway, back go crazy for a splash pad. Anyway, back to the Coke stand. It's not just to the Coke stand. It's not just to the Coke stand. It's not just Coca-Cola either. They also have a lot Coca-Cola either. They also have a lot Coca-Cola either. They also have a lot of classic uh theme park options. Turkey of classic uh theme park options. Turkey of classic uh theme park options. Turkey legs, churros, pretzels, things like legs, churros, pretzels, things like legs, churros, pretzels, things like that. Really exciting is that if you get that. Really exciting is that if you get that. Really exciting is that if you get that refillable mug, you can refill it that refillable mug, you can refill it that refillable mug, you can refill it with ices. Yes, for real. Unlimited ices with ices. Yes, for real. Unlimited ices with ices. Yes, for real. Unlimited ices all day. The first time I learned that, all day. The first time I learned that, all day. The first time I learned that, I drank so much icy, I made myself so I drank so much icy, I made myself so I drank so much icy, I made myself so sick. Don't do that. And don't let your sick. Don't do that. And don't let your sick. Don't do that. And don't let your kid do it. But unlimited ices is pretty kid do it. But unlimited ices is pretty kid do it. But unlimited ices is pretty I mean, like that's like my dream. I mean, like that's like my dream. I mean, like that's like my dream. [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] all through this sort of like courtyard all through this sort of like courtyard all through this sort of like courtyard section, you'll find uh typically some section, you'll find uh typically some section, you'll find uh typically some seating. They rearrange this every once seating. They rearrange this every once seating. They rearrange this every once in a while, but typically some seating in a while, but typically some seating in a while, but typically some seating as well as some merchandise stalls. And as well as some merchandise stalls. And as well as some merchandise stalls. And it might be seasonal merchandise. It it might be seasonal merchandise. It it might be seasonal merchandise. It might be specific to an IP, but all might be specific to an IP, but all might be specific to an IP, but all through here you can kind of peruse through here you can kind of peruse through here you can kind of peruse more. It's stuff that you won't more. It's stuff that you won't more. It's stuff that you won't necessarily find in the Universal necessarily find in the Universal necessarily find in the Universal Studios store, so make sure you're Studios store, so make sure you're Studios store, so make sure you're taking a glance. And some classic theme taking a glance. And some classic theme taking a glance. And some classic theme park stands like face paint and hair park stands like face paint and hair park stands like face paint and hair wraps and braids. And these stands are wraps and braids. And these stands are wraps and braids. And these stands are sort of mixed in all through here as sort of mixed in all through here as sort of mixed in all through here as well as a little further down. There are well as a little further down. There are well as a little further down. There are some though that are exceptions to the, some though that are exceptions to the, some though that are exceptions to the, you know, merchandise rule. For you know, merchandise rule. For you know, merchandise rule. For instance, across the way here, we have instance, across the way here, we have instance, across the way here, we have the Fat Tuesday [music] stand. Now, if the Fat Tuesday [music] stand. Now, if the Fat Tuesday [music] stand. Now, if you don't know, Fat Tuesday is a chain you don't know, Fat Tuesday is a chain you don't know, Fat Tuesday is a chain that does alcoholic slushy drinks. They that does alcoholic slushy drinks. They that does alcoholic slushy drinks. They are incredible. They are so good. Think are incredible. They are so good. Think are incredible. They are so good. Think like primarily daquiries. They also have like primarily daquiries. They also have like primarily daquiries. They also have like beers and stuff, but it's a lot of like beers and stuff, but it's a lot of like beers and stuff, but it's a lot of daquiries. These are so good. Um, I daquiries. These are so good. Um, I daquiries. These are so good. Um, I think they're from New Orleans, like the think they're from New Orleans, like the think they're from New Orleans, like the chain. And my friend Sage always raved chain. And my friend Sage always raved chain. And my friend Sage always raved about these and I was like, "Yeah, okay. about these and I was like, "Yeah, okay. about these and I was like, "Yeah, okay. I'm sure they're good." And then we got I'm sure they're good." And then we got I'm sure they're good." And then we got one one time. one one time. one one time. So, if you're looking for something if So, if you're looking for something if So, if you're looking for something if you're having a couple drinks before you you're having a couple drinks before you you're having a couple drinks before you go into the park or after that Tuesdays, go into the park or after that Tuesdays, go into the park or after that Tuesdays, I do recommend. This center area also I do recommend. This center area also I do recommend. This center area also has a has a has a stage with a tiered sort of lawn seating stage with a tiered sort of lawn seating stage with a tiered sort of lawn seating situation. And there is often situation. And there is often situation. And there is often live music, live performances right here live music, live performances right here live music, live performances right here on the waterfront stage. Sometimes they on the waterfront stage. Sometimes they on the waterfront stage. Sometimes they are super themed like you might see like are super themed like you might see like are super themed like you might see like uh Halloween monsters one. You might see uh Halloween monsters one. You might see uh Halloween monsters one. You might see Christmas shows. Uh and you just might Christmas shows. Uh and you just might Christmas shows. Uh and you just might see my friend Sage up there. He often see my friend Sage up there. He often see my friend Sage up there. He often gets gigs on this stage. So, if you see gets gigs on this stage. So, if you see gets gigs on this stage. So, if you see live music happening, grab yourself a live music happening, grab yourself a live music happening, grab yourself a slush from Fat Tuesdays, a seat on the slush from Fat Tuesdays, a seat on the slush from Fat Tuesdays, a seat on the lawn, and enjoy. Orlando is full of lawn, and enjoy. Orlando is full of lawn, and enjoy. Orlando is full of extremely talented people. So, if you extremely talented people. So, if you extremely talented people. So, if you see live music happening, odds are it's see live music happening, odds are it's see live music happening, odds are it's a local group or local performers and a local group or local performers and a local group or local performers and supporting them means you're supporting supporting them means you're supporting supporting them means you're supporting local performers. And I think it's hard local performers. And I think it's hard local performers. And I think it's hard to think about that when you're like in to think about that when you're like in to think about that when you're like in theme park theme park all the time, but theme park theme park all the time, but theme park theme park all the time, but you know, support local artists. More of you know, support local artists. More of you know, support local artists. More of those stands. Uh there's also some more those stands. Uh there's also some more those stands. Uh there's also some more niche merch at these. For instance, this niche merch at these. For instance, this niche merch at these. For instance, this one you can see has anime, Dragon Ball one you can see has anime, Dragon Ball one you can see has anime, Dragon Ball Z. So, seriously, keep your eyes peeled. Z. So, seriously, keep your eyes peeled. Z. So, seriously, keep your eyes peeled. You might see something. There's One You might see something. There's One You might see something. There's One Piece. You might see something you don't Piece. You might see something you don't Piece. You might see something you don't necessarily associate with Universal off necessarily associate with Universal off necessarily associate with Universal off the top of your mind. These like generic the top of your mind. These like generic the top of your mind. These like generic bars can be found around too. Um, and bars can be found around too. Um, and bars can be found around too. Um, and they do have like specialy cocktails. they do have like specialy cocktails. they do have like specialy cocktails. They also typically have seasonal They also typically have seasonal They also typically have seasonal beverages available. And then look, we beverages available. And then look, we beverages available. And then look, we are still passing the Universal Studios are still passing the Universal Studios are still passing the Universal Studios store. It is literally this entire store. It is literally this entire store. It is literally this entire block. This is the Harry Potter part we block. This is the Harry Potter part we block. This is the Harry Potter part we were in. So, it just keeps going. We'll were in. So, it just keeps going. We'll were in. So, it just keeps going. We'll head up here in a second. This will take head up here in a second. This will take head up here in a second. This will take us upstairs on this side. Now, we'll us upstairs on this side. Now, we'll us upstairs on this side. Now, we'll head up there when we are doing the head up there when we are doing the head up there when we are doing the upstairs. But down here, we have Voodoo upstairs. But down here, we have Voodoo upstairs. But down here, we have Voodoo Donuts. This is another famous one. I'm Donuts. This is another famous one. I'm Donuts. This is another famous one. I'm not making this up. I literally just not making this up. I literally just not making this up. I literally just heard people on the escalator saying heard people on the escalator saying heard people on the escalator saying [music] that they spent $35 on parking [music] that they spent $35 on parking [music] that they spent $35 on parking to pick up donuts from here. And they to pick up donuts from here. And they to pick up donuts from here. And they had two boxes of Voodoo Donuts. And you had two boxes of Voodoo Donuts. And you had two boxes of Voodoo Donuts. And you know what? More power to you. Voodoo know what? More power to you. Voodoo know what? More power to you. Voodoo Donuts is a chain that started in Oregon Donuts is a chain that started in Oregon Donuts is a chain that started in Oregon and it is very, very, very popular. Kind and it is very, very, very popular. Kind and it is very, very, very popular. Kind of a cult following chain of donuts. of a cult following chain of donuts. of a cult following chain of donuts. I'll show you why. They've got tons of I'll show you why. They've got tons of I'll show you why. They've got tons of doughnut flavors. bacon donuts, doughnut flavors. bacon donuts, doughnut flavors. bacon donuts, bubblegum donuts, cereal donuts. You bubblegum donuts, cereal donuts. You bubblegum donuts, cereal donuts. You never know what you might find in here. never know what you might find in here. never know what you might find in here. They do specialty stuff all the time. They do specialty stuff all the time. They do specialty stuff all the time. The donuts are incredible and so sweet The donuts are incredible and so sweet The donuts are incredible and so sweet and delicious. And if you ever see a and delicious. And if you ever see a and delicious. And if you ever see a super long line, they actually do offer super long line, they actually do offer super long line, they actually do offer a mobile order option. The line can get a mobile order option. The line can get a mobile order option. The line can get really, really long here. This kiosk really, really long here. This kiosk really, really long here. This kiosk across the way, this is made for mobile across the way, this is made for mobile across the way, this is made for mobile order pickup. Isn't that wild? That's order pickup. Isn't that wild? That's order pickup. Isn't that wild? That's how popular Voodoo Donuts are. So, how popular Voodoo Donuts are. So, how popular Voodoo Donuts are. So, you're a donut fiend, you got to try you're a donut fiend, you got to try you're a donut fiend, you got to try them. Sometimes I call CityWalk an them. Sometimes I call CityWalk an them. Sometimes I call CityWalk an outdoor mall and I mean that in a very outdoor mall and I mean that in a very outdoor mall and I mean that in a very positive way and I think that is positive way and I think that is positive way and I think that is evidenced by [music] the San Dieans evidenced by [music] the San Dieans evidenced by [music] the San Dieans pretzels. Now as we get to the end here pretzels. Now as we get to the end here pretzels. Now as we get to the end here there's a couple more merchandise stands there's a couple more merchandise stands there's a couple more merchandise stands but really uh that's sort of the end of but really uh that's sort of the end of but really uh that's sort of the end of CityWalk because as you go beyond you'll CityWalk because as you go beyond you'll CityWalk because as you go beyond you'll see the entrance to Universal Studios see the entrance to Universal Studios see the entrance to Universal Studios down here to both parks from the down here to both parks from the down here to both parks from the entrance to CityWalk. When you get entrance to CityWalk. When you get entrance to CityWalk. When you get through security it's going to be about through security it's going to be about through security it's going to be about a 10-minute walk. Um it is not a short a 10-minute walk. Um it is not a short a 10-minute walk. Um it is not a short walk by any means. So, just be prepared walk by any means. So, just be prepared walk by any means. So, just be prepared to pass through CityWalk. Uh maybe to pass through CityWalk. Uh maybe to pass through CityWalk. Uh maybe budget in some time to grab your budget in some time to grab your budget in some time to grab your Starbucks coffee on the way in. Our Starbucks coffee on the way in. Our Starbucks coffee on the way in. Our final restaurant on the Universal final restaurant on the Universal final restaurant on the Universal Studios path is going to be right here. Studios path is going to be right here. Studios path is going to be right here. And honestly, I'm a fan. Here's the And honestly, I'm a fan. Here's the And honestly, I'm a fan. Here's the thing. There's a lot of flashy thing. There's a lot of flashy thing. There's a lot of flashy restaurants. That's very true. But there restaurants. That's very true. But there restaurants. That's very true. But there are two reasons I recommend this spot. are two reasons I recommend this spot. are two reasons I recommend this spot. One, if you just need good, solid, basic One, if you just need good, solid, basic One, if you just need good, solid, basic food cuz you've been eating wild theme food cuz you've been eating wild theme food cuz you've been eating wild theme park food for a week, NBC [music] park food for a week, NBC [music] park food for a week, NBC [music] Sports. Or if you want to catch a game Sports. Or if you want to catch a game Sports. Or if you want to catch a game that you know is coming on, you want to that you know is coming on, you want to that you know is coming on, you want to catch it in a lively environment, NBC catch it in a lively environment, NBC catch it in a lively environment, NBC Sports, they have tons of TV. They will Sports, they have tons of TV. They will Sports, they have tons of TV. They will be playing the game you're looking for. be playing the game you're looking for. be playing the game you're looking for. And one of my favorite things to do here And one of my favorite things to do here And one of my favorite things to do here is to go to the bar, get a cocktail or a is to go to the bar, get a cocktail or a is to go to the bar, get a cocktail or a beer and their wedge salad. But beer and their wedge salad. But beer and their wedge salad. But honestly, just solid food in a solid honestly, just solid food in a solid honestly, just solid food in a solid environment and easy to get into because environment and easy to get into because environment and easy to get into because as you can see, it's huge. We'll come as you can see, it's huge. We'll come as you can see, it's huge. We'll come back to this spot. Don't worry. Uh and back to this spot. Don't worry. Uh and back to this spot. Don't worry. Uh and yes, you are seeing a tattoo parlor. yes, you are seeing a tattoo parlor. yes, you are seeing a tattoo parlor. Don't worry, I'll explain. Uh, but we're Don't worry, I'll explain. Uh, but we're Don't worry, I'll explain. Uh, but we're going to stick to the first floor right going to stick to the first floor right going to stick to the first floor right now just to make it easy. Now, I am now just to make it easy. Now, I am now just to make it easy. Now, I am going to walk down by the water here uh going to walk down by the water here uh going to walk down by the water here uh because there's a couple of things that because there's a couple of things that because there's a couple of things that you definitely need to be aware of. For you definitely need to be aware of. For you definitely need to be aware of. For one, if you are coming from one of those one, if you are coming from one of those one, if you are coming from one of those Universal Hotels that has boat Universal Hotels that has boat Universal Hotels that has boat transportation, this is the boat dock. transportation, this is the boat dock. transportation, this is the boat dock. So, it's super close to the Universal So, it's super close to the Universal So, it's super close to the Universal Studios entrance and not far from the Studios entrance and not far from the Studios entrance and not far from the Islands of Adventure entrance either. If Islands of Adventure entrance either. If Islands of Adventure entrance either. If you are curious about the Universal you are curious about the Universal you are curious about the Universal Hotels, I do have tours of every single Hotels, I do have tours of every single Hotels, I do have tours of every single one on our YouTube channel, so you can one on our YouTube channel, so you can one on our YouTube channel, so you can go check them all out. Additionally, if go check them all out. Additionally, if go check them all out. Additionally, if you are headed to Hard Rock Hotel, uh you are headed to Hard Rock Hotel, uh you are headed to Hard Rock Hotel, uh that one is closer to the parks than any that one is closer to the parks than any that one is closer to the parks than any other hotel. It is a walking path. Uh other hotel. It is a walking path. Uh other hotel. It is a walking path. Uh that is just over there. If you go to that is just over there. If you go to that is just over there. If you go to those Universal Studios arches and turn those Universal Studios arches and turn those Universal Studios arches and turn right, you can walk over to the Hard right, you can walk over to the Hard right, you can walk over to the Hard Rock Hotel. Rock Hotel. Rock Hotel. A lot of construction through here. They A lot of construction through here. They A lot of construction through here. They are tearing down Rip Ride Rocket. And are tearing down Rip Ride Rocket. And are tearing down Rip Ride Rocket. And then across the water, two really big then across the water, two really big then across the water, two really big spots. For one, you have the Hard Rock spots. For one, you have the Hard Rock spots. For one, you have the Hard Rock and Hard Rock Cafe. This is an actual and Hard Rock Cafe. This is an actual and Hard Rock Cafe. This is an actual venue where actual concerts will play. venue where actual concerts will play. venue where actual concerts will play. So, if you're planning a trip to So, if you're planning a trip to So, if you're planning a trip to Universal, check and see if any artists Universal, check and see if any artists Universal, check and see if any artists you might want to see are coming to the you might want to see are coming to the you might want to see are coming to the Hard Rock, maybe you want to buy Hard Rock, maybe you want to buy Hard Rock, maybe you want to buy tickets. And then, of course, they have tickets. And then, of course, they have tickets. And then, of course, they have a Hard Rock cafe as well. And this is a Hard Rock cafe as well. And this is a Hard Rock cafe as well. And this is Toothsome Chocolate Emporium. Toothsome Toothsome Chocolate Emporium. Toothsome Toothsome Chocolate Emporium. Toothsome Chocolate Emporium is probably the most Chocolate Emporium is probably the most Chocolate Emporium is probably the most themed and unique restaurant at themed and unique restaurant at themed and unique restaurant at CityWalk. And it's another one that I do CityWalk. And it's another one that I do CityWalk. And it's another one that I do recommend if you're wanting a very like recommend if you're wanting a very like recommend if you're wanting a very like theme parky sitdown experience. To be theme parky sitdown experience. To be theme parky sitdown experience. To be honest, this ta this is the most theme honest, this ta this is the most theme honest, this ta this is the most theme parky table service restaurant at parky table service restaurant at parky table service restaurant at Universal Orlando, even more so than the Universal Orlando, even more so than the Universal Orlando, even more so than the ones in the parks. Basically, it's ones in the parks. Basically, it's ones in the parks. Basically, it's themed to a chocolate factory, very themed to a chocolate factory, very themed to a chocolate factory, very similar to what you might imagine as similar to what you might imagine as similar to what you might imagine as Willy Wonka. They even have characters Willy Wonka. They even have characters Willy Wonka. They even have characters walking around that will come to your walking around that will come to your walking around that will come to your table, including some of the chocoliers, table, including some of the chocoliers, table, including some of the chocoliers, and a robot will come and talk to you. and a robot will come and talk to you. and a robot will come and talk to you. And the menu very chocolate forward, And the menu very chocolate forward, And the menu very chocolate forward, even the savory items. They have even the savory items. They have even the savory items. They have chocolate wings. How cool. But their chocolate wings. How cool. But their chocolate wings. How cool. But their real claim to fame are their super real claim to fame are their super real claim to fame are their super over-the-top milkshakes. Uh which you over-the-top milkshakes. Uh which you over-the-top milkshakes. Uh which you can also get grab and go. So Tootsum can also get grab and go. So Tootsum can also get grab and go. So Tootsum kind of a hit. And of course they do kind of a hit. And of course they do kind of a hit. And of course they do seasonal flavors. You know they do seasonal flavors. You know they do seasonal flavors. You know they do seasonal flavors. All right, heading seasonal flavors. All right, heading seasonal flavors. All right, heading back upstairs. back upstairs. back upstairs. We're going to be back in that central We're going to be back in that central We're going to be back in that central area with the splash pad. Now we are in area with the splash pad. Now we are in area with the splash pad. Now we are in that middle prong of the fork headed that middle prong of the fork headed that middle prong of the fork headed towards Islands of Adventure, the other towards Islands of Adventure, the other towards Islands of Adventure, the other uh North Campus Universal Park. We're uh North Campus Universal Park. We're uh North Campus Universal Park. We're passing another of those more basic bar passing another of those more basic bar passing another of those more basic bar stands. And then there's a Cinnabon. stands. And then there's a Cinnabon. stands. And then there's a Cinnabon. Yeah. Look at that line. That's about to Yeah. Look at that line. That's about to Yeah. Look at that line. That's about to be accepted with a Cinnabon. My fiance, be accepted with a Cinnabon. My fiance, be accepted with a Cinnabon. My fiance, if he comes within like, I don't know, if he comes within like, I don't know, if he comes within like, I don't know, two square miles of a Cinnabon, he can two square miles of a Cinnabon, he can two square miles of a Cinnabon, he can sense it. So, you might have to plan for sense it. So, you might have to plan for sense it. So, you might have to plan for a stop here if you've got someone like a stop here if you've got someone like a stop here if you've got someone like that in your family. We're also going to that in your family. We're also going to that in your family. We're also going to pass here Big Fire American Fair. This pass here Big Fire American Fair. This pass here Big Fire American Fair. This is a very interesting restaurant. It's is a very interesting restaurant. It's is a very interesting restaurant. It's actually a bit more upscale. They actually a bit more upscale. They actually a bit more upscale. They actually have s'mores that you can do at actually have s'mores that you can do at actually have s'mores that you can do at your table, which is wild. But think your table, which is wild. But think your table, which is wild. But think like steaks, lamb chops, chicken. Um, like steaks, lamb chops, chicken. Um, like steaks, lamb chops, chicken. Um, very good food. Honestly, no complaints. very good food. Honestly, no complaints. very good food. Honestly, no complaints. Little on the pricey side as restaurants Little on the pricey side as restaurants Little on the pricey side as restaurants in Universal Go. But again, you're in Universal Go. But again, you're in Universal Go. But again, you're wanting table service, come out here. Do wanting table service, come out here. Do wanting table service, come out here. Do not go in the parks. All three Universal not go in the parks. All three Universal not go in the parks. All three Universal parks have very limited table service parks have very limited table service parks have very limited table service options. There are options. There are options. There are like two in Universal Studios, two in like two in Universal Studios, two in like two in Universal Studios, two in Islands of Adventure, and two in Epic. Islands of Adventure, and two in Epic. Islands of Adventure, and two in Epic. There's not many, and honestly, most of There's not many, and honestly, most of There's not many, and honestly, most of the food I recommend in the parks is the food I recommend in the parks is the food I recommend in the parks is actually their quick service. So come on actually their quick service. So come on actually their quick service. So come on here if you want good table service here if you want good table service here if you want good table service food. There's great stuff. Another of food. There's great stuff. Another of food. There's great stuff. Another of those generic bars here. And then those generic bars here. And then those generic bars here. And then Forever Pearls, which is a jewelry Forever Pearls, which is a jewelry Forever Pearls, which is a jewelry [music] spot. You can even get a Pearl [music] spot. You can even get a Pearl [music] spot. You can even get a Pearl in the Oyster, which is crazy, but a in the Oyster, which is crazy, but a in the Oyster, which is crazy, but a really fun sort of like very theme parky really fun sort of like very theme parky really fun sort of like very theme parky classic gift. Along here, more of those classic gift. Along here, more of those classic gift. Along here, more of those merchandise stands. Again, make sure merchandise stands. Again, make sure merchandise stands. Again, make sure that you have your head on a swivel with that you have your head on a swivel with that you have your head on a swivel with these. Like if you're a mega Jaws fan, these. Like if you're a mega Jaws fan, these. Like if you're a mega Jaws fan, this is like a hub for Jaws 50th this is like a hub for Jaws 50th this is like a hub for Jaws 50th anniversary merchandise. And of course, anniversary merchandise. And of course, anniversary merchandise. And of course, Citywalk is a very classic touristy Citywalk is a very classic touristy Citywalk is a very classic touristy experience. You can get custom painted experience. You can get custom painted experience. You can get custom painted sneakers, hats, t-shirts as well. We're sneakers, hats, t-shirts as well. We're sneakers, hats, t-shirts as well. We're coming to the end here. Ahead of me, you coming to the end here. Ahead of me, you coming to the end here. Ahead of me, you can see Islands of Adventure. Uh, but can see Islands of Adventure. Uh, but can see Islands of Adventure. Uh, but we're passing Lone Palm Airport, which I we're passing Lone Palm Airport, which I we're passing Lone Palm Airport, which I believe I think is an extension of believe I think is an extension of believe I think is an extension of Margaritavville. Yeah, I think so. But Margaritavville. Yeah, I think so. But Margaritavville. Yeah, I think so. But lots of margaritas, lots of like, you lots of margaritas, lots of like, you lots of margaritas, lots of like, you know, very like tropical vacation-y know, very like tropical vacation-y know, very like tropical vacation-y drinks. Um, and they even have some drinks. Um, and they even have some drinks. Um, and they even have some appetizers that you can get right here appetizers that you can get right here appetizers that you can get right here at this little stand. Jimmy Buffett at this little stand. Jimmy Buffett at this little stand. Jimmy Buffett piloted this plane on his journey piloted this plane on his journey piloted this plane on his journey through the Caribbean as written in his through the Caribbean as written in his through the Caribbean as written in his book A Pirate Looks at 50 and is the book A Pirate Looks at 50 and is the book A Pirate Looks at 50 and is the inspiration for the song Jamaica Mista. inspiration for the song Jamaica Mista. inspiration for the song Jamaica Mista. And yes, I said extension of And yes, I said extension of And yes, I said extension of Margaritavville because there's a whole Margaritavville because there's a whole Margaritavville because there's a whole Margaritavville. We'll get to that in a Margaritavville. We'll get to that in a Margaritavville. We'll get to that in a second. Uh first, I want to show you second. Uh first, I want to show you second. Uh first, I want to show you Islands Adventure right here on the left Islands Adventure right here on the left Islands Adventure right here on the left side. So, if you're walking through side. So, if you're walking through side. So, if you're walking through CityWalk, you want to go straight CityWalk, you want to go straight CityWalk, you want to go straight leftish to Islands Adventure, right to leftish to Islands Adventure, right to leftish to Islands Adventure, right to Universal Studios. They're about the Universal Studios. They're about the Universal Studios. They're about the same walk either way. It's about 10 same walk either way. It's about 10 same walk either way. It's about 10 minutes from that entrance. But most minutes from that entrance. But most minutes from that entrance. But most hotels, if you have a walking path, the hotels, if you have a walking path, the hotels, if you have a walking path, the walking path comes out right here closer walking path comes out right here closer walking path comes out right here closer to Islands of Adventure, as you can see. to Islands of Adventure, as you can see. to Islands of Adventure, as you can see. Um, now these hotels do have walking Um, now these hotels do have walking Um, now these hotels do have walking paths over here in addition to Hard Rock paths over here in addition to Hard Rock paths over here in addition to Hard Rock on the other side. Uh, but warning, on the other side. Uh, but warning, on the other side. Uh, but warning, Cabana Bay and Aventura, it is quite the Cabana Bay and Aventura, it is quite the Cabana Bay and Aventura, it is quite the hike. You will probably want to take the hike. You will probably want to take the hike. You will probably want to take the bus. Let's talk Margaritaville. This is bus. Let's talk Margaritaville. This is bus. Let's talk Margaritaville. This is a full Margaritavville location. They've a full Margaritavville location. They've a full Margaritavville location. They've got a retail store. They've got the got a retail store. They've got the got a retail store. They've got the porch of indecision. They've got the porch of indecision. They've got the porch of indecision. They've got the restaurant. Um, honestly, I love a restaurant. Um, honestly, I love a restaurant. Um, honestly, I love a Margaritaville. I'm a simple woman. I Margaritaville. I'm a simple woman. I Margaritaville. I'm a simple woman. I like a margarita. I like listening to like a margarita. I like listening to like a margarita. I like listening to Jimmy Buffett. I like a burger. And you Jimmy Buffett. I like a burger. And you Jimmy Buffett. I like a burger. And you can do all those things right here at can do all those things right here at can do all those things right here at Margaritaville. Yes, it's going to be a Margaritaville. Yes, it's going to be a Margaritaville. Yes, it's going to be a little bit more themed. It is obviously little bit more themed. It is obviously little bit more themed. It is obviously a chain. It's probably going to be on a chain. It's probably going to be on a chain. It's probably going to be on the expensive side, but lots of tropical the expensive side, but lots of tropical the expensive side, but lots of tropical items inspired by the islands. Um, and items inspired by the islands. Um, and items inspired by the islands. Um, and obviously some great margaritas. And if obviously some great margaritas. And if obviously some great margaritas. And if you need some Jimmy Buffett or just you need some Jimmy Buffett or just you need some Jimmy Buffett or just general beach vibe merchandise, [music] general beach vibe merchandise, [music] general beach vibe merchandise, [music] you can head into the store. But with you can head into the store. But with you can head into the store. But with that, we have seen the first story of that, we have seen the first story of that, we have seen the first story of CityWalk. So, we've got to head up to CityWalk. So, we've got to head up to CityWalk. So, we've got to head up to the second story, which is really where the second story, which is really where the second story, which is really where the party's at. Citywalk isn't just the party's at. Citywalk isn't just the party's at. Citywalk isn't just about shopping and dining. It's also about shopping and dining. It's also about shopping and dining. It's also about night life in a way that is so about night life in a way that is so about night life in a way that is so popular that people come to CityWalk popular that people come to CityWalk popular that people come to CityWalk just for the night life. Locals come to just for the night life. Locals come to just for the night life. Locals come to Citywalk just for the night life. You Citywalk just for the night life. You Citywalk just for the night life. You obviously have Hard Rock, which has obviously have Hard Rock, which has obviously have Hard Rock, which has great concerts sometimes. You also have great concerts sometimes. You also have great concerts sometimes. You also have some incredible bars. So, we're cruising some incredible bars. So, we're cruising some incredible bars. So, we're cruising past the rest of Margaritavville. It's past the rest of Margaritavville. It's past the rest of Margaritavville. It's really big. Um, and also, you don't really big. Um, and also, you don't really big. Um, and also, you don't actually have to go all the way into actually have to go all the way into actually have to go all the way into Margaritavville to enjoy. They do have a Margaritavville to enjoy. They do have a Margaritavville to enjoy. They do have a walk up bar over here, too. um as well walk up bar over here, too. um as well walk up bar over here, too. um as well as one on the other side. Just a heads as one on the other side. Just a heads as one on the other side. Just a heads up with Universal, they have one drink up with Universal, they have one drink up with Universal, they have one drink per guest per ID. That's sort of a rule per guest per ID. That's sort of a rule per guest per ID. That's sort of a rule here. So, uh you can't like grab one for here. So, uh you can't like grab one for here. So, uh you can't like grab one for your partner and bring it over to them your partner and bring it over to them your partner and bring it over to them or anything like that. Both of you need or anything like that. Both of you need or anything like that. Both of you need to go up. Another table service here. to go up. Another table service here. to go up. Another table service here. This is Antoidito's authentic Mexican This is Antoidito's authentic Mexican This is Antoidito's authentic Mexican food. I love this restaurant. Yes, it's food. I love this restaurant. Yes, it's food. I love this restaurant. Yes, it's going to be pricey for like Mexican going to be pricey for like Mexican going to be pricey for like Mexican food, but super filling, super lively food, but super filling, super lively food, but super filling, super lively and fun experience in here. It's and fun experience in here. It's and fun experience in here. It's multi-story, another huge restaurant, multi-story, another huge restaurant, multi-story, another huge restaurant, and it has a great menu. I've never had and it has a great menu. I've never had and it has a great menu. I've never had anything bad here, but a particular anything bad here, but a particular anything bad here, but a particular recommendation I have is their recommendation I have is their recommendation I have is their guacamole, which is made fresh guacamole, which is made fresh guacamole, which is made fresh tableside. They bring a cart over to tableside. They bring a cart over to tableside. They bring a cart over to you. They they mash everything together. you. They they mash everything together. you. They they mash everything together. They ask you specifically like questions They ask you specifically like questions They ask you specifically like questions about how much of each thing you want in about how much of each thing you want in about how much of each thing you want in it. Oh, the tableside guacamole here is it. Oh, the tableside guacamole here is it. Oh, the tableside guacamole here is good. Before we get all the way good. Before we get all the way good. Before we get all the way upstairs, I want to come down to this upstairs, I want to come down to this upstairs, I want to come down to this little outcropping. We're next to Big little outcropping. We're next to Big little outcropping. We're next to Big Fire here. So, another general bar. Fire here. So, another general bar. Fire here. So, another general bar. Also, a note for all of these bars, a Also, a note for all of these bars, a Also, a note for all of these bars, a lot of them are full bars, so you can lot of them are full bars, so you can lot of them are full bars, so you can actually get like shots there if you actually get like shots there if you actually get like shots there if you want. Um, which I know there's questions want. Um, which I know there's questions want. Um, which I know there's questions about that in theme park settings a lot about that in theme park settings a lot about that in theme park settings a lot of the time. We're coming down next to of the time. We're coming down next to of the time. We're coming down next to Big Fire. We are also next to CityWalk Big Fire. We are also next to CityWalk Big Fire. We are also next to CityWalk Hot Dog Hall of Fame. Obviously, hot Hot Dog Hall of Fame. Obviously, hot Hot Dog Hall of Fame. Obviously, hot dogs. Um, but super fun seating. They've dogs. Um, but super fun seating. They've dogs. Um, but super fun seating. They've got like these like stadium seats on the got like these like stadium seats on the got like these like stadium seats on the side here. Um, they often will play side here. Um, they often will play side here. Um, they often will play sports games on this big TV up here. So, sports games on this big TV up here. So, sports games on this big TV up here. So, I don't know, they're craving a hot dog. I don't know, they're craving a hot dog. I don't know, they're craving a hot dog. But as we head back towards that center But as we head back towards that center But as we head back towards that center hub here, definitely a spot to stop in hub here, definitely a spot to stop in hub here, definitely a spot to stop in is going to be the Epic Universe preview is going to be the Epic Universe preview is going to be the Epic Universe preview center. So, this opened prior to Epic center. So, this opened prior to Epic center. So, this opened prior to Epic Universe, which is of course now open. Universe, which is of course now open. Universe, which is of course now open. If you're going to Universal, you are If you're going to Universal, you are If you're going to Universal, you are probably going to Epic Universe, and it probably going to Epic Universe, and it probably going to Epic Universe, and it is a store uh that not only has a ton of is a store uh that not only has a ton of is a store uh that not only has a ton of Epic merchandise, so you miss something Epic merchandise, so you miss something Epic merchandise, so you miss something when you were at Epic or you want to get when you were at Epic or you want to get when you were at Epic or you want to get something for your Epic day before you something for your Epic day before you something for your Epic day before you go, they have merchandise from all of go, they have merchandise from all of go, they have merchandise from all of the portals. They have Celestial Park the portals. They have Celestial Park the portals. They have Celestial Park merch, Basic Epic merch, Dark Universe, merch, Basic Epic merch, Dark Universe, merch, Basic Epic merch, Dark Universe, How to Train Your Dragon, Nintendo, How to Train Your Dragon, Nintendo, How to Train Your Dragon, Nintendo, Harry Potter, all of it. But the real Harry Potter, all of it. But the real Harry Potter, all of it. But the real reason to step in here, and I really reason to step in here, and I really reason to step in here, and I really recommend doing this, is to see this recommend doing this, is to see this recommend doing this, is to see this scale model of Epic Universe, which is scale model of Epic Universe, which is scale model of Epic Universe, which is incredible. Look at this thing. This is incredible. Look at this thing. This is incredible. Look at this thing. This is wild. This is the whole park. You can wild. This is the whole park. You can wild. This is the whole park. You can see how it's laid out, and you can see see how it's laid out, and you can see see how it's laid out, and you can see sort of the scale of everything. Look sort of the scale of everything. Look sort of the scale of everything. Look how big Stardust Racers is, for how big Stardust Racers is, for how big Stardust Racers is, for instance. Um, and there's actually even instance. Um, and there's actually even instance. Um, and there's actually even augmented reality that goes with this. augmented reality that goes with this. augmented reality that goes with this. There are signs that tell you how to set There are signs that tell you how to set There are signs that tell you how to set it up and scan for it. And you can see it up and scan for it. And you can see it up and scan for it. And you can see little peaks into the buildings, little little peaks into the buildings, little little peaks into the buildings, little very cool model. I also came in here very cool model. I also came in here very cool model. I also came in here right before I started filming this right before I started filming this right before I started filming this video to buy this hat, which I've owned video to buy this hat, which I've owned video to buy this hat, which I've owned before, but I lost it on the Monsters before, but I lost it on the Monsters before, but I lost it on the Monsters Unchained ride. So, I had to buy myself Unchained ride. So, I had to buy myself Unchained ride. So, I had to buy myself a new one, which I've been putting off, a new one, which I've been putting off, a new one, which I've been putting off, but I couldn't wait any longer. Now, but I couldn't wait any longer. Now, but I couldn't wait any longer. Now, remember I said there are lots of ways remember I said there are lots of ways remember I said there are lots of ways to get up to the second floor. We are to get up to the second floor. We are to get up to the second floor. We are going to go up right here so I can plan going to go up right here so I can plan going to go up right here so I can plan out a couple more spots. We just came out a couple more spots. We just came out a couple more spots. We just came down. We're going up again over here. down. We're going up again over here. down. We're going up again over here. Vivo Italian Kitchen, Italian table Vivo Italian Kitchen, Italian table Vivo Italian Kitchen, Italian table service restaurant. Just kind of another service restaurant. Just kind of another service restaurant. Just kind of another option. I've actually never eaten at option. I've actually never eaten at option. I've actually never eaten at Vivo, but I've heard good things. So, Vivo, but I've heard good things. So, Vivo, but I've heard good things. So, good spot if you're in an Italian mood. good spot if you're in an Italian mood. good spot if you're in an Italian mood. This is another stage hidden right here. This is another stage hidden right here. This is another stage hidden right here. You might see live entertainment. You might see live entertainment. You might see live entertainment. Remember, you see it happening. Grab Remember, you see it happening. Grab Remember, you see it happening. Grab yourself a drink. Go watch a local band yourself a drink. Go watch a local band yourself a drink. Go watch a local band perform because, as we often say here on perform because, as we often say here on perform because, as we often say here on Allers, # live entertainment is Allers, # live entertainment is Allers, # live entertainment is important, baby. Now you can see we're important, baby. Now you can see we're important, baby. Now you can see we're headed up to what's called the CityWalk headed up to what's called the CityWalk headed up to what's called the CityWalk Proomenade where there's nightly dining, Proomenade where there's nightly dining, Proomenade where there's nightly dining, dancing, and cocktails. And they're not dancing, and cocktails. And they're not dancing, and cocktails. And they're not kidding. Like I said, this is actually kidding. Like I said, this is actually kidding. Like I said, this is actually one of the most popular nightlife areas one of the most popular nightlife areas one of the most popular nightlife areas in Orlando because there are so many in Orlando because there are so many in Orlando because there are so many different bars. We're going to start to different bars. We're going to start to different bars. We're going to start to the right since we have a couple more the right since we have a couple more the right since we have a couple more spots to cover over there. Right next to spots to cover over there. Right next to spots to cover over there. Right next to Antito's, the Mexican restaurant, is the Antito's, the Mexican restaurant, is the Antito's, the Mexican restaurant, is the other major citywalk attraction. This is other major citywalk attraction. This is other major citywalk attraction. This is Universal's Great Movie Escape, and this Universal's Great Movie Escape, and this Universal's Great Movie Escape, and this is an escape room attraction, but not is an escape room attraction, but not is an escape room attraction, but not like the escape rooms you're used to. like the escape rooms you're used to. like the escape rooms you're used to. There are two options for escape rooms There are two options for escape rooms There are two options for escape rooms here, a Jurassic World one and a Back to here, a Jurassic World one and a Back to here, a Jurassic World one and a Back to the Future one. And they are not simple the Future one. And they are not simple the Future one. And they are not simple escape rooms. They're escape adventures. escape rooms. They're escape adventures. escape rooms. They're escape adventures. You go through a story, you'll find You go through a story, you'll find You go through a story, you'll find yourself plunged into the movies. They yourself plunged into the movies. They yourself plunged into the movies. They are so much fun. I've done both of the are so much fun. I've done both of the are so much fun. I've done both of the adventures, and I actually love them so adventures, and I actually love them so adventures, and I actually love them so much. I've done the Back to the Future much. I've done the Back to the Future much. I've done the Back to the Future one twice, and I want to go to the one twice, and I want to go to the one twice, and I want to go to the Jurassic World one. So much fun. I can Jurassic World one. So much fun. I can Jurassic World one. So much fun. I can definitely recommend heading next door definitely recommend heading next door definitely recommend heading next door to the full Fat Tuesday location, to the full Fat Tuesday location, to the full Fat Tuesday location, grabbing yourself one of those frozen grabbing yourself one of those frozen grabbing yourself one of those frozen daquiries I was talking about, drinking daquiries I was talking about, drinking daquiries I was talking about, drinking that, and then heading into the that, and then heading into the that, and then heading into the Universal's great movie escape. There's Universal's great movie escape. There's Universal's great movie escape. There's also a full bar in here. There's also a full bar in here. There's also a full bar in here. There's actually one downstairs and upstairs. actually one downstairs and upstairs. actually one downstairs and upstairs. And they serve Back to the Future and And they serve Back to the Future and And they serve Back to the Future and Jurassic World themed drinks, and you do Jurassic World themed drinks, and you do Jurassic World themed drinks, and you do not have to be doing the escape rooms to not have to be doing the escape rooms to not have to be doing the escape rooms to visit those bars. There's also a ton of visit those bars. There's also a ton of visit those bars. There's also a ton of displays for the movies with costumes displays for the movies with costumes displays for the movies with costumes and props. So, worth heading in here, and props. So, worth heading in here, and props. So, worth heading in here, even if you don't want to pay to do the even if you don't want to pay to do the even if you don't want to pay to do the rooms, just to see those and maybe grab rooms, just to see those and maybe grab rooms, just to see those and maybe grab a themed drink if you're a big fan of a themed drink if you're a big fan of a themed drink if you're a big fan of either franchise. Probably the most either franchise. Probably the most either franchise. Probably the most popular nightlife spot is right here, popular nightlife spot is right here, popular nightlife spot is right here, which is CityWalk's Rising Star Karaoke. which is CityWalk's Rising Star Karaoke. which is CityWalk's Rising Star Karaoke. This is karaoke. Uh, it does fill up, so This is karaoke. Uh, it does fill up, so This is karaoke. Uh, it does fill up, so if you want to sing, get in there and if you want to sing, get in there and if you want to sing, get in there and get signed up quick. Otherwise, you get signed up quick. Otherwise, you get signed up quick. Otherwise, you might not sing that night. You can get might not sing that night. You can get might not sing that night. You can get pizza from Red Oven while you're here. pizza from Red Oven while you're here. pizza from Red Oven while you're here. They especially cocktails. Servers will They especially cocktails. Servers will They especially cocktails. Servers will come to your table and you can sing and come to your table and you can sing and come to your table and you can sing and watch karaoke. Continuing on the watch karaoke. Continuing on the watch karaoke. Continuing on the Proomenade. Proomenade. Proomenade. Um, another of those generic bars. Um, another of those generic bars. Um, another of those generic bars. They're kind of everywhere. And we're They're kind of everywhere. And we're They're kind of everywhere. And we're going to come across Pat O'Brien's right going to come across Pat O'Brien's right going to come across Pat O'Brien's right here. It's tucked sort of on this first here. It's tucked sort of on this first here. It's tucked sort of on this first floor right here. Pat O'Brien sounds floor right here. Pat O'Brien sounds floor right here. Pat O'Brien sounds like it might be like an Irish pub. And like it might be like an Irish pub. And like it might be like an Irish pub. And it's got a little bit of that vibe, but it's got a little bit of that vibe, but it's got a little bit of that vibe, but this is actually more of a New Orleans this is actually more of a New Orleans this is actually more of a New Orleans themed spot. Uh, this is going to be a themed spot. Uh, this is going to be a themed spot. Uh, this is going to be a dueling piano bar. So, you can see live dueling piano bar. So, you can see live dueling piano bar. So, you can see live pianists dueling and playing requests. pianists dueling and playing requests. pianists dueling and playing requests. It's a full restaurant serving like It's a full restaurant serving like It's a full restaurant serving like cinjun and New Orleans fair. and then cinjun and New Orleans fair. and then cinjun and New Orleans fair. and then also a great bar. If some of the other also a great bar. If some of the other also a great bar. If some of the other spots on the prominade get a little too spots on the prominade get a little too spots on the prominade get a little too lively and you need to simmer down, but lively and you need to simmer down, but lively and you need to simmer down, but you don't want to let the party stop, you don't want to let the party stop, you don't want to let the party stop, Pot O'Brien's is a great spot for that Pot O'Brien's is a great spot for that Pot O'Brien's is a great spot for that midlevel hype. If you don't want that midlevel hype. If you don't want that midlevel hype. If you don't want that mid-level hype, if you want an exciting mid-level hype, if you want an exciting mid-level hype, if you want an exciting dance floor, then you're going to want dance floor, then you're going to want dance floor, then you're going to want to head just next door to the Bob Marley to head just next door to the Bob Marley to head just next door to the Bob Marley Bar. Now, similar, this is a full Bar. Now, similar, this is a full Bar. Now, similar, this is a full restaurant. Gonna be obviously a lot of restaurant. Gonna be obviously a lot of restaurant. Gonna be obviously a lot of Jamaican fair as you might guess with Jamaican fair as you might guess with Jamaican fair as you might guess with Bob Marley, but this is also often a Bob Marley, but this is also often a Bob Marley, but this is also often a very, very lively nightlife spot. very, very lively nightlife spot. very, very lively nightlife spot. Hopping dance floor, obviously playing a Hopping dance floor, obviously playing a Hopping dance floor, obviously playing a lot of reggae tunes. Um, and of course lot of reggae tunes. Um, and of course lot of reggae tunes. Um, and of course there's a walk up bar, mobile pickup. there's a walk up bar, mobile pickup. there's a walk up bar, mobile pickup. You can get food and drink because You can get food and drink because You can get food and drink because CityWalk is on Universal property, which CityWalk is on Universal property, which CityWalk is on Universal property, which means you can just walk around with your means you can just walk around with your means you can just walk around with your drink. Uh my personal favorite bar at drink. Uh my personal favorite bar at drink. Uh my personal favorite bar at CityWalk, and if you can only go to one CityWalk, and if you can only go to one CityWalk, and if you can only go to one bar, I recommend this one, is the Red bar, I recommend this one, is the Red bar, I recommend this one, is the Red Coconut Club. Now, this is a year- round Coconut Club. Now, this is a year- round Coconut Club. Now, this is a year- round bar. Little bit of a tropical vibe year bar. Little bit of a tropical vibe year bar. Little bit of a tropical vibe year round. Uh really great drinks, live round. Uh really great drinks, live round. Uh really great drinks, live music, dance floors, DJs. You never know music, dance floors, DJs. You never know music, dance floors, DJs. You never know what you might find. But what's super what you might find. But what's super what you might find. But what's super cool about it is they do seasonal cool about it is they do seasonal cool about it is they do seasonal overlays. And the seasonal overlays tie overlays. And the seasonal overlays tie overlays. And the seasonal overlays tie in with the events that are happening at in with the events that are happening at in with the events that are happening at Universal Orlando. So, Red Coconut Club Universal Orlando. So, Red Coconut Club Universal Orlando. So, Red Coconut Club does a whole Mardigra overlay around does a whole Mardigra overlay around does a whole Mardigra overlay around Martyra, and the best time of year is Martyra, and the best time of year is Martyra, and the best time of year is when it becomes Dead Coconut Club for when it becomes Dead Coconut Club for when it becomes Dead Coconut Club for Halloween. You'll see Halloween themed Halloween. You'll see Halloween themed Halloween. You'll see Halloween themed drinks, Halloween themed entertainment, drinks, Halloween themed entertainment, drinks, Halloween themed entertainment, and really intense Halloween themed and really intense Halloween themed and really intense Halloween themed decorations. This year, the theme is decorations. This year, the theme is decorations. This year, the theme is Coven, which is a Coven, which is a Coven, which is a sorority of witches that is throwing a sorority of witches that is throwing a sorority of witches that is throwing a party at the Dead Coconut Club for their party at the Dead Coconut Club for their party at the Dead Coconut Club for their annual Seain Bash. If you don't know, annual Seain Bash. If you don't know, annual Seain Bash. If you don't know, sain is the origins Halloween. Now, I'm sain is the origins Halloween. Now, I'm sain is the origins Halloween. Now, I'm going to head to a very important part going to head to a very important part going to head to a very important part of Universal CityWalk, which is the of Universal CityWalk, which is the of Universal CityWalk, which is the chain eating quick service section. This chain eating quick service section. This chain eating quick service section. This is for when you just want something that is for when you just want something that is for when you just want something that you're used to on your vacation. You you're used to on your vacation. You you're used to on your vacation. You just need something filling, something just need something filling, something just need something filling, something fast. There are some options up here. fast. There are some options up here. fast. There are some options up here. Little exception to that has been the Little exception to that has been the Little exception to that has been the bow. Now, this is going to be fast, but bow. Now, this is going to be fast, but bow. Now, this is going to be fast, but it is a bow bun stand. Um, again, this it is a bow bun stand. Um, again, this it is a bow bun stand. Um, again, this is going to be a little more unique. is going to be a little more unique. is going to be a little more unique. They've got a couple of different bow They've got a couple of different bow They've got a couple of different bow bun options. in my opinion, little bun options. in my opinion, little bun options. in my opinion, little overpriced and the quality is fine but overpriced and the quality is fine but overpriced and the quality is fine but not great. So, I'd skip this one unless not great. So, I'd skip this one unless not great. So, I'd skip this one unless you like unless you're really wanting you like unless you're really wanting you like unless you're really wanting something that's just like really quick something that's just like really quick something that's just like really quick and kind of filling. Then it can maybe and kind of filling. Then it can maybe and kind of filling. Then it can maybe fill it. I do get them. They're not my fill it. I do get them. They're not my fill it. I do get them. They're not my favorite thing. This I go a lot. Uh this favorite thing. This I go a lot. Uh this favorite thing. This I go a lot. Uh this is a little like food court basically is a little like food court basically is a little like food court basically that has a mo a Panda Express and a that has a mo a Panda Express and a that has a mo a Panda Express and a Burger King Whopper Bar. And so this is Burger King Whopper Bar. And so this is Burger King Whopper Bar. And so this is going to be classics, you know, your going to be classics, you know, your going to be classics, you know, your chains that you have at home. Not chains that you have at home. Not chains that you have at home. Not something to go out of the way for, but something to go out of the way for, but something to go out of the way for, but really, really helpful in a pinch when really, really helpful in a pinch when really, really helpful in a pinch when you're starving or perhaps you're bar you're starving or perhaps you're bar you're starving or perhaps you're bar hopping over at the prominade and you hopping over at the prominade and you hopping over at the prominade and you need fried rice or a burrito or a need fried rice or a burrito or a need fried rice or a burrito or a burger. For something a little lighter, burger. For something a little lighter, burger. For something a little lighter, something that I go to a lot if the something that I go to a lot if the something that I go to a lot if the theme park food is weighing me down is theme park food is weighing me down is theme park food is weighing me down is Breadbox Handcrafted Sandwiches. This is Breadbox Handcrafted Sandwiches. This is Breadbox Handcrafted Sandwiches. This is kind of, you know, a build your own kind of, you know, a build your own kind of, you know, a build your own sandwich. This is a sandwich spot and sandwich. This is a sandwich spot and sandwich. This is a sandwich spot and the sandwiches are very good. So, they the sandwiches are very good. So, they the sandwiches are very good. So, they have hot and cold sandwich options here. have hot and cold sandwich options here. have hot and cold sandwich options here. Um, it's quick service and they actually Um, it's quick service and they actually Um, it's quick service and they actually have kind of more like better have kind of more like better have kind of more like better ingredients than you might and they're a ingredients than you might and they're a ingredients than you might and they're a little more upscale ingredients wise little more upscale ingredients wise little more upscale ingredients wise like whipped bara for instance like oh like whipped bara for instance like oh like whipped bara for instance like oh look where we are. We are at the top of look where we are. We are at the top of look where we are. We are at the top of those stairs I pointed out earlier. those stairs I pointed out earlier. those stairs I pointed out earlier. We're coming back around to the tattoo We're coming back around to the tattoo We're coming back around to the tattoo parlor. This is Hart and Huntington parlor. This is Hart and Huntington parlor. This is Hart and Huntington tattoo company and yeah it's an actual tattoo company and yeah it's an actual tattoo company and yeah it's an actual tattoo parlor. You can come here and you tattoo parlor. You can come here and you tattoo parlor. You can come here and you can get a tattoo. And finally another can get a tattoo. And finally another can get a tattoo. And finally another dessert chain kind of a throwback I dessert chain kind of a throwback I dessert chain kind of a throwback I think for a lot of people is Menchie's think for a lot of people is Menchie's think for a lot of people is Menchie's Frozen Yogurt. Build your own frozen Frozen Yogurt. Build your own frozen Frozen Yogurt. Build your own frozen yogurt bowls with toppings and sauces yogurt bowls with toppings and sauces yogurt bowls with toppings and sauces and all the different frozen yogurt and all the different frozen yogurt and all the different frozen yogurt flavors. You can mix and match whatever flavors. You can mix and match whatever flavors. You can mix and match whatever you want in the bowl. And somehow the you want in the bowl. And somehow the you want in the bowl. And somehow the ones I make are always kind of gross and ones I make are always kind of gross and ones I make are always kind of gross and then I have to eat them anyway. They then I have to eat them anyway. They then I have to eat them anyway. They have a mincches up here. No joke. Me and have a mincches up here. No joke. Me and have a mincches up here. No joke. Me and my friend Emma do frequent this. We love my friend Emma do frequent this. We love my friend Emma do frequent this. We love mincches. It's very good. It's good mincches. It's very good. It's good mincches. It's very good. It's good frozen yogurt. I missed the day of a frozen yogurt. I missed the day of a frozen yogurt. I missed the day of a frozen yogurt shop on every corner. When frozen yogurt shop on every corner. When frozen yogurt shop on every corner. When I was a teenager, that was the move I was a teenager, that was the move I was a teenager, that was the move during the week or on the week really during the week or on the week really during the week or on the week really any day. If you're still here, like this any day. If you're still here, like this any day. If you're still here, like this video and drop this secret code in the video and drop this secret code in the video and drop this secret code in the comments so we know you made it all the comments so we know you made it all the comments so we know you made it all the way. Plus, don't forget to subscribe. We way. Plus, don't forget to subscribe. We way. Plus, don't forget to subscribe. We [music] upload guides, tips, info, and [music] upload guides, tips, info, and [music] upload guides, tips, info, and more from Universal and Beyond all week more from Universal and Beyond all week more from Universal and Beyond all week because we are serious about fun. See because we are serious about fun. See because we are serious about fun. See you next time.
