---
video_id: AOT8AYk6ggQ
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Who Else? 📼❤️"
published: 2025-12-20
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOT8AYk6ggQ
---
[music] Is everybody ready Is everybody ready Is everybody ready &gt;&gt; to sing along &gt;&gt; to sing along &gt;&gt; to sing along &gt;&gt; with Disney songs? &gt;&gt; with Disney songs? &gt;&gt; with Disney songs? [singing] &gt;&gt; Now you at home can sing along with your &gt;&gt; Now you at home can sing along with your &gt;&gt; Now you at home can sing along with your favorite Disney song. We will play every favorite Disney song. We will play every favorite Disney song. We will play every note so you can sing along. note so you can sing along. note so you can sing along. &gt;&gt; Sing along with your favorite [music] &gt;&gt; Sing along with your favorite [music] &gt;&gt; Sing along with your favorite [music] song. song. song. You'll want to sing along. You'll want to sing along. You'll want to sing along. &gt;&gt; But I don't know all the songs. &gt;&gt; But I don't know all the songs. &gt;&gt; But I don't know all the songs. &gt;&gt; We'll make sure you can't go wrong. &gt;&gt; We'll make sure you can't go wrong. &gt;&gt; We'll make sure you can't go wrong. &gt;&gt; Sing along and follow the dancing. &gt;&gt; Sing along and follow the dancing. &gt;&gt; Sing along and follow the dancing. &gt;&gt; You'll find out before you're done. &gt;&gt; You'll find out before you're done. &gt;&gt; You'll find out before you're done. Music fun for everyone. Join right in. Music fun for everyone. Join right in. Music fun for everyone. Join right in. Sing along with me. Sing along.
