---
video_id: g_AoMklHfOo
channel: AllEars.net
title: "I Forced My Friends to Compete in Magic Kingdom — Gamemaster Challenge 46"
published: 2025-12-09
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_AoMklHfOo
---
We have five tasks to do in Magic Kingdom. Problem is we don't know what any of them are. I'm controlling Quincy and I'm controlling Breedlove. It's the all ears game challenge. GCD will get with panic. I was like, "Okay, I know my name." Fry Bucket's ready. We're all We're ready. We're ready. We're ready. All right. She and I Fry Bucket. We are ready. You know who Fry Bucket is? I've heard of her. Okay, she's ready. And guess what? Emma. Oh, is am I? So we Oh, bye. Okay, I guess we started our game. So, my name is Breedlove and I'm playing with Fryb Bucket, whose last name is McGillicuy, which was also Lucille Ball's last name in the television series I Love Lucy. Yes. What color was her dress? Just kidding. That's Wouldn't that be fun if that was the game we were playing? Okay, that would be crazy. All right. Do I stay in the uh hub main street area? Yes. Do I do something regarding retail? No. No retail. Okay. Do I do something regarding food? No. Here we go again. No. You're doing good. You're doing good. You're great. Do we do something involving Main Street transportation? No. Entertainment? No. So, characters? No. Oh, wow. I'm doing very badly already. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. We're rallying. We're rallying. I I feel like the last time we played together went badly. I don't remember, but I feel like it did. I think it did, too. I think it might have been Was were you my game master or was it Fry when I was when I needed to bow under the castle? Because that's the level of fear I'm feeling. Maybe Fry. Okay. Well, that's good. Anything. Well, let's get started. I black out. Okay. Okay. Well, black out now cuz we're start um Okay. Should I go to a land that is based on a real time or place? Yes. Yes. Should I stay on Main Street, USA? Yes. Ah. Should I go somewhere with air conditioning? Yes. Okay. Um, should I go somewhere that is that uh sells primarily food or beverage? No. Okay. So, somewhere with air conditioning. Uh, should I go to a merchandise location? Yes. Okay, you're five questions in, by the way. At 10, we hit punishment. But it's not scary if that Okay, well that's good. I'm also I'm blazing on purpose because I feel like uh that tends to work for both of us. Yeah. And also for both of us. I think when we don't question our own motives, like we don't question because otherwise we'll we'll get into a spiral. Agreed. And you're doing great. Keep going. Keep going. Should I go into the emporium? Yeah. Okay. So, merchandise task. Um, okay. But it's probably going to be something kind of unique because uh our engine made this board. So, we cannot fall back on all reliables necessary. And Emma Larouche makes the craziest best tasks. She does. We have to ask her to tone it down because we're like, we will be there for 15 hours and Ben still won't finish the game. She had me check these tasks yesterday and she was like, well, this is the easy one. And in my head, I was like, "We're dumb, Emma." This is not the EP. Fun fact, it's still one of the tasks today. So, we'll see if I was right or if Emma was right. Yeah. Um, okay. Should I um should I find a specific type of merchandise? Like, am I Let me clarify. Mhm. Am I looking for something that like is a specific type of item versus it could be any item, but it has to do with something or a color or someone or whatever. Am I looking for a specific type of item? Yes. Yes. Oh, yes. Oh, interesting. How many questions am I on? You have asked seven. Okay. Okay. Am I looking for um am I looking for an um a toy? No. Okay. Oh goodness. I'm am I looking for something that you can physically wear on your body? Yes. No way. Okay. Well, I'm not feeling optimistic with my one question, but I might as well take the band-aid. My advice is your partner is take the band-aid. Rip the band-aid off. Yeah. Okay, then in that case, um, uh, it is something you can wear. Um, is it something should I find something that you can wear on your head? No. All right. Um, then let me just get rip the bandit off and give a guess real quick. I'm going to guess that these Mickey Minnie Mouse Mickey Minnie Mouse Christmas pajamas the flannel Christmas pajamas. That's my guess. No, but I like where your head's at. Not that's just like me encouraging you. That's not a hint at what we're doing. Okay. Okay. Then um punishment. Yeah. You are in a great spot right now. You need to go to the sharing the magic statue, which if you don't know it, that's the formal name of the Roy and Minnie Mouse statue, and you need to tell them an opening day attraction that you miss. So, Oh, yeah. You're doing you're doing excellent. And Roy and Minnie need extra love. Okay. I am uh right near Roy and Minnie. So this is great. Okay. Yeah. So character. So there's a pause for entertainment which means it could mean anything, right? It could be adjacent to they could have been adjacent. Entertainment. Nothing. No transportation. Um no characters. Do we take a photograph? Gosh. Yes. Okay. Do I take a photo pass photo or a photo of my own self or something? A photo I take or they take? Oh, shoot. I can't ask the question that way. Okay. Do Do I take a picture of myself or something else? Yes. Okay. That was eight questions, just so you know. Well, but we've got nothing to worry about. We've got nothing to lose. I thought you But we've got nothing to lose because we're already in Disney World. Exactly. Well, you are kind of spiritually. I'm I'm always there in my mind. You'll be in my heart and in Disney World. Oh my gosh, that would be a cool version. That would Let's get on that. But after the game. Okay. I'm now walking down a m busy main street. Do I take a picture of myself? No. So, I'm taking a picture of something. Do I take a picture? One. You have one question left before a punishment. The holiday decor is of Do I take a picture of the Main Street Christmas tree? No, I'm sorry. Oh, great. All right, let's do a punishment. Um, Roy and Minnie, I have to say, uh, an opening day attraction that I miss is a scary adventure. Snow White Scary Adventure. She loves that ride. Thank you for your time. I do love that ride. Okay, bye. Okay, it's not something you should wear on your head. Uh, is it something you wear on your torso? What if the answer can be can be. Okay. Okay. So, I'm getting a vibe here then. Should Is it Okay. Is it an accessory? Should I look for an accessory? Yes. Okay. Um should I look for a bag? No. Okay. Accessory that doesn't go on your head and isn't a bag. Roy Minnie, I just want to say friends that I miss uh Mr. Toad's Wild Ride. I think it would be great if we still had that ride, but we don't. So, let's enjoy what we have. Thanks, Roy. Thank you, Minnie. All right, we've done it. Great. What is next? Oh, I have another question. Yes. Okay, so we're taking a picture. And we are taking a picture of Are we taking a picture of merchandise? No. Are we taking a picture of interesting? So, entertainment. You really You did pause, which is sort of uh unfair of me. Should I take a picture of Should I take a picture entertainment? Should I p take a picture of Mickey's magical friendship fair? No. Should I take a picture? Should I take a picture of a food item? No. Should I take a picture of Cuz I already asked about all the things that could possibly all of these categories. I asked about merchandise. I asked about food. I asked about characters. I asked about entertainment. So, this has to be something. Should I take a picture of an architectural detail or design detail? No. Should I take a picture of a floral or landscaping detail? No. Should I take a picture? You're asking really good questions. Should I take a picture of a picture? No. Should I take a picture of a window display? No, it's none of these things. Should I take a picture of It's not a design detail or architectural. It's It's uh Should I take a picture of the train? I mean, I said transportation, but the train is going by right now. No, that's not it. No. And you've asked eight. Well, Main Street's got an American flag. It's got a uh it's got stores that don't ma that we already said aren't included. It's got u a main M main street. What else does Main Street have? All of that great transportation. Uh, great entertainment, great food, great architecture and landscaping, great design details, beautiful flowers. It's got a uh firehouse that's unique. It's got it's the only place that has a town square theater and it's got a a uh city hall. It even has a chamber of commerce, which is very rare in theme parks. That is very rare. Should I look for a pin? I'm going to say no. Okay, you're going to say no. I'm going to just ask some other questions. Is it seasonal merchandise? No. Okay. Um something that you wear like an accessory. Probably not golf balls. Um, this is unhelpful to you guys, but I want to tell her free. Like, it's free. Free. Cuz then I think she would get it immediately. I also think that we're kind of off topic at this point. Like, it is an accessory. It is something you can wear on your body, but I think she's she's too narrow-minded. So, we'll see where we land. I think we might hit punishment at least one or two more times. Okay. I think I I haven't even I thought Okay. Um is is it a pin pin shooting lanyard or is it a lanyard? No. That's that's just No. I don't know why I said it weird. Okay. It's an accessory. Um, okay. Is it honey cross? Is it jewelry? Um, no. And that was your seventh question. Okay. Um, okay. It's not a bag. It's not a Well, I said a bag, right? I just type of bag. Yeah. Okay. It's not a bag. Um. Uh. Nope. Magnets are not accessories that you wear. A barber shop is a little bit different than retail and entertainment. Is it barber shop related? No. No, it is not. And you have one more question. This is really tough. Fry bucket. It is. We're getting the hard ones out first. Okay. All right. So, don't don't stress. There's popcorn. There's park maps. There's an ATM machine. The only ATM machine. The only ATM machine in Magic Kingdom is right inside City Hall right here if you ever need it. Although many locations or some locations are going cashless now. They are. Yeah. though. That's an obsolete that's obsolete technology. Oh my goodness. Well, I'm sitting here thinking. Oh, what could it possibly be? What could it be? The confectionary is food and retail. That's a double though. We've got Tony's Town Square. That's food. There are paw prints. Do I take a picture of the paw prints? Uh, Lady in the in front of Tony's Towns Square Theater. No, no, you do not. Um, so go talk about another attraction you miss. Well, now I'm sitting right by it. So, I'm I'm in their presence and I'm saying uh the uh Snow White Scary Adventures. That's a good one. Uh, calling towel. No. Period. Great. Look how decisive I am. I liked that. It was really, really decisive. Thank you. Um, what's crazy is I'm like looking at everything and asking myself like, does this apply to the things I've said so far? And I have not seen anything that I feel like does since I asked about the cooling towel. Um. Yeah. Yeah. Um, it's an it's an accessory. It's an accessory. You could wear it on your torso theoretically. I'm so bad at this cuz I just want to cheat. I just want to tell you outright. Oh, it makes me feel bad that you're wandering. Oh, this is this is what it is. This is just what if you just said this is it an item that is that has to do with a specific activity. Can you expand what you mean on about that by that like like not something you would just like wear around but like if you were going to like if you were go to the theme park would be an example or you're cooking like something that you would wear to do something specific but you wouldn't necessarily wear to the mall. I I'm going to say yes. Yes. Although people people could do could wear this to the mall. I guess if you want I mean you can do whatever you can you can do whatever you want. So don't feel like you can't wear this to the mall if you get one. You got so many fidget toys. Like a lot of people have this so you know if you want to wear it to the mall we won't judge you. Yeah. This is derailed because I am playing with fidget toy now. So yeah well it's okay. Um breed love has finished four tasks. Oh that would be crazy. That would be crazy actually. So, there's a Main Street Cinema and even though that is a retail location, it also functions as a movie theater or it has in the past and they do have a projector showing clips of early Magic Kingdom. So, do I go in there and take a picture of a movie screen? No. Do I take a picture of a building? No. Do I take a picture of the ground? No. Do I take a picture of the sky? No. Do I take a picture of a toilet? No. Have we Have we gone there? We don't need We've never done that. Have we gone there now? You know what? I I've done it myself in for a different video, but not for this. Did you You know what? That is why you get the hard-hitting investigative journalism tasks. Mhm. Yeah. You're you're you aren't afraid to go there. Okay. Okay. Okay. So So basically, we've ruled out everything. So this is a picture of nothing essentially. It's not a building. It's not the ground. It's not the sky. It's not even the toilet. That was my last resort. What else is there to take? What if there's not if there's if there's if if we've covered building ground um building ground building ground sky? What else exists? Is Is it an animal? No. Is it an inanimate object? Yes. Does it look like Is it a thing that looks like something else? Um, no. I'm going to say no. So, it's not a brown bronze statue that looks like Minnie Mouse is what I is sort of the idea. Correct. My Yeah, my answer is no. It's not It's not something that looks like something else. I see. So, it's just a thing that is what it is. Is it a fine? No. I believe you have one more question left before another punishment. But you're getting there. You're getting close. Um, you have one question left, mind you. You know what? I'm going to ask it. Is it is it smaller than a baked potato? Yes. Okay. It's a good size potato. Okay. Um is it a uh I the um I'm just going to talk to Roy. I think that's a great plan. Is it in the town square area specifically? Town square meaning like the theater or Tony's. Yeah. like sort of where the barberh shop and emporium cut off. Are you saying like that whole part like that whole circle or just that one side? The whole circle that as opposed to Main Street. Got it. Yes. The whole the whole circle. So it's in this circle. Yes. But now you must go talk to Roy and Minnie. Well, that's not hard to do. No, they're right there. They're they're they are cheering you on. I'm trying to get him to go to city hall guest relations cuz I know they have them there. I'm sure there are buttons at all these other spots, but I'm confident about City Hall. I don't know if he's going to get it at the other places. I don't know. I'm going to say seeing them seeing them from a distance. I'm going to say something we lost more recently. The Frontier Land Shooting Gallery. Oh yeah. Okay. There's lots of people around Roy and Minnie, but I'm walking over to them. Just shout. I am saying I miss Mr. Toads. I'm not going to shout. Quincy, just shout. I'm going to go casually be near the man. You guys comment down below. Quincy just shout. That's the secret code for today. How did you know? I was going to say I missed Mr. Oh, actually, you want to know what I'm going to say? What? I missed the Liberty Bell River Boat. Well, that made me sick. Sorry to everyone for doing that, but I haven't done. That made me sick. Okay. What if I run out of opening day attractions because I have to talk to them so much? Well, we That's when we just start googling. It doesn't. It doesn't say opening day Disney World. So, um, yeah, I'm going to have to check that. No, it doesn't. So, Disneyland. I'm not going to I'm not going to start completely over. I'm going to keep I'm going to keep Emporium here. Um, okay. Uh, would it be potentially in the Okay, this is an accessory section, but it just says access. It's just bags. Would it potentially be in the headewear section? No. Okay. She wants this to be a hat so bad. I want it to be a hat so bad. It's like making her sick. Okay. Um, it's not on your head. It's not on your head. It's not on your head. Um, would it be in the women's apparel section? No. Okay. Would it be in the pins section? No. Okay. I don't think I'm going to ask her about this next session because it is just called Mickey Mouse, which the answer will be yes. It could be in there maybe depending on what the item is. Is it in Magic Kingdom? Yes. Is it in Magic Kingdom? Yeah. Um, uh, is it something that's geared towards adults? No. Would it potentially be in the men's section? Nope. Okay. We've come across seasonal. Could it potentially be in the youth section? Nope. Okay. I could it potentially be in the like home home goods section? Nope. What? That's not a toy. There's sections over here that are just called cute and cuddly. Um, it's just you in there. Yeah, it's smaller than a potato. Would it uh would I be able to find it maybe in line for the register? Yes. Um, is is it is it something you purchase? No. Uh, it's a freaking celebration button. Um, that's the first half. Yeah. Okay. Um, uh, get a celebration button. Now, the question is, it could be How many questions am I at? Because at this point, I can probably figure it out. That was nine. Oh, never mind. Um, uh, I, so here's what I need to figure out at this point. I need to figure out, don't answer anything I'm about to say. I'm just talking. And I need to figure out if I I'm getting a specific celebration button, which I doubt because I'm just regular celebrating. I need to figure out what needs to go on the celebration button. Um, and this video comes out in Christmas time. I don't know that Emma Larouche would have thought about that. Um, it could just be like I'm celebrating. Hey, master. Um, wow. Okay. Uh, should I get a should I get a celebration button that is about uh something all year old specific? No. Okay, that was your 10th question. Okay. I am going to speak to Roy and Minnie Mouse. I'm going to speak to the people. Okay. We've We've made it thus far. We've made it to the button. All she has to do is take a selfie with it. She just has to take a photo with it. I That will occur to her at some point. This was one of the easiest tasks in my opinion on the whole thing. So, I am feeling fear. All right. So, 10 more questions. Great. I've already asked everything I can think of. Is it is it um so something specific to this area? I mean the train station is really u key to this area. Is it a rocking chair? No. That's something really important or key unique. I know they're over in Liberty Square, but sometimes they're gone. Mhm. You can really count on them in front of Town Square Theater. You can I forget about those. Yeah. And then it's not a picture I'm taking a picture of. It is a It is an inadimate object. Mhm. It is specifically in this area. Uhhuh. Should I be outside or inside? Pick one. Oh, should we go inside? Yes. I should go inside. Yes. Should I go inside the train station? No. Should I go inside Town House Theater? No. Should I go inside city hall? Yes. So, it is the ATM machine. Okay. Okay. Lori. Hey, Minnie. Um, I miss uh Mr. Toad's Wild Ride, of course. So, even though I actually never rode it here, I do miss it here. I know. I love Winnie the Pooh, but I would really love Mr. Toads. What if we just have both? Yeah, we're on the same wave. No surprise. Okay. And the celebration button of something. Okay. So, first thing I'll ask is, should I get a regular green celebration button? Yeah. Okay. Um, it's not Oh, you're specific. Uh, does it have to do with a specific date or time of year or anything like that? No. Okay. Is it writing something specific on the celebration fund? Nope. Okay. I'm glad I asked that. I'm really glad you asked that cuz I thought we're going to burn through 10 more questions with her trying to figure out what she's writing. I'm gonna I'm gonna get one then. Okay. Um Okay, I'm just going to get one and then you asking, I suppose. This is a long line. Do I just take a picture of the inside here? No. What do I take a picture of? This is wild. I'm inside city hall. They have pictures. They have a map. They have a park map in here. Do I take a picture of the park map? No. Do I take a picture of I'm not supposed to take a picture of with pictures of the presidents because those are pictures of pictures and I already asked that there are ceiling fans. There are at long last celebration button acquired. Should I pin this to myself somewhere? Was that a question? I'm so like formal question. Yes. Yeah. No, you should not. Okay. Should I give it to someone? No. No. I'm not kidding myself. I'm not giving it to someone. Nope. Should I go somewhere with it? No, you don't need to. Should I take a picture of it? Yes. No. Yes. I don't. Yes. You are bad at this. Well, it's it's the way you're phrasing things that it's like kind of Okay, I'm going to take a picture of it and then I'm going to send it to you and you tell me if it's if it works or not. I'm counting it. What was the task? You needed to take a picture with an I'm celebrating button. And technically, you're in the reflection of the DJI. So, both you and the celebrating button are in the photo. Nice. Okay. Crazy. Well, let's carry on. No, I'm dying right now. That's why I was like, uh, you said, "Do I need to take a picture of it?" No. And yes. Like, yeah, you do, but you need to be in it. Do you see why I'm struggling? Can I This is maybe BTS. Fry and I do talk when we're game mastering. You're not the only one struggling with this. Is it a n I'm celebrating button? Yes. that you can if it's specifically to get it here. You can you can get them at any store. I know, but you were only you were going to think about merch. You weren't going to think about button. I was trying to get you to do free item. Oh my god, I just snorted. So, do I have to ask for one now? Yes. I'm sorry if I was sitting in here in the corner like a weirdo filming myself talking on my phone looking at everything in this room. Oh my word. I'll get one now. Okay. I love you. Thank you for being I love you too on that journey. God bless you. Hey Quincy struggled the same amount. She had to hit punishment four times. So we're fine. Okay. I'll call you right back. Okay. Bye. We're moving on. I feel incredibly excited and hopeful and impassionate. You want to know something? I gave Emily Rouch the task. I said, she said, "Should I should I make it hard or and I said medium?" And she always tells me, "I have a really hard one ready." And I'm like so afraid of what it is. What's crazy is I did not think that was the hard one. Yeah. I mean, to be fair, Yeah. I think we can start killing her easy and we'll still be like, "What is it?" And we'll still be like so confused. Um, okay. Should I go to a land that's represents real time or place? Yes. Okay. Should I stay on the street? Yes. Should I go in the air conditioning? Yes. Okay. Uh, should I go somewhere that primarily sells food or beverage? Yes. Yes. No. I'm changing my answer to no. No. Okay. Um, no. Should I go somewhere that is like a store? Yes. Okay. Um, should I go back in the emporium? Yes. Oh, it's Mr. Tomorrow. Oh, Nate. Um, everybody's here today. Um, what's going on today? I don't know. I've literally I I wasn't filming when I saw Lex earlier, but I saw Lex from the Lost Bros. And now I'm seeing Nate Patron tomorrow. Big big day. I guess I'm actually getting concerned. But you got it. You got it. You have the button. I'm celebrating figuring it out. Yes, you are. One day at a time. Yes, you are. Okay. So, now do I stay in this land, Main Street House Square? Yes, I do stay here. Oh, this parade's going to come. Okay. Do I do I how I have to start this all over again. Okay. Do I Is this something with retail? Yes. Okay. Emporium. No. Confectionary. No. That would have been too convenient. How about are we talking the right hand side of Main Street? Right. When you are looking at the castle? Yes. Then yes, the right side. Are we talking cinema? No. Are we talking uh Crystal Arts? No. Uptown Jewelers. No, that doesn't have anything. Confectionary, Main Street Cinema, Uptown Jewelers, Crystal Arts. That's all the retail unless you're talking about Town Square Theater slash curtain call. Is that a question? Yes. Then yes. Okay. I just checked and the reason I was hesitant about the store versus the food station is because the fuel rod station that I'm trying to get her to is directly between Casey's Corner and the back of the emporium. So that's why I was not 100% sure. I did try to check the map. It's not on the map, but I know it's there. So I'm not going to worry about it. Okay. I just talked to my best friends. Oh, I thought I thought we were best friends. So, that's weird. That is weird. Oh my gosh. There's a celebration best friend. I mean, you're definitely my best or your best friend. I'm definitely yours. Um, okay. Uh, let me start here. Uh, it am I looking for merchandise? Like souvenir merchandise that I would buy? Sorry. Sorry. I was replying to Fred. No, you were not. Oh, no. I was worried you were hesitating. No, I'm sorry. I just I'm bad at every aspect of this. Okay. Is it Is it something you can ingest into your body? No. Please don't ingest this. Please don't ingest this. They have um they have uh fridges with like power and stuff in a lot of the merchandise shops. And I think there's one in here. Um, it Oh, is it like a Is it like a little one of the little machines that has like pennies and stuff like that? No, but that's actually a sweet guess. I love the little penny machines. I'm walking past the personalized engraved tags. Um, it looks like there's some cute options. I'm getting distracted again. My gosh, the baby's yellow. I should have remade a tire and Pluto dog tag. Oh, that would actually be sick. Maybe not. Maybe not right now, but I mean, if you need to take a break, it's fine. Okay. Um, oh gosh, what are you even doing in here that's not merchandise? Is it something that I should ask for at the register? No. And I'm so sorry I did not warn you. That was your 10th question. Oh my gosh. No way. I was not paying attention. I get I get to try one thing. And I do feel as if I ruled a lot out. You do get to try one thing. I just don't know what I would try. Listen, we've not wasted a lot of time on this one. So, like whatever needs to happen is fine. Yeah, that's like ruled. It's literally not advertised. It's not me outside the registry shirt. It's not like a little pressing machine. Oh. Um, okay. There's a fuel rod in here. Done. I was going to try something that's done. You just had to find a fuel rod station. Oh, done. These are portable chargers. Um, and basically you can buy them, they come with a whole kit. Um, and if you buy them, they have uh they come Okay, well it's not working right now, but if I just American. Um, if you buy them, they come with a whole kit that has like charging cords and everything. All different types of cords. And then you can swap them in Disney World for free because they lost a lawsuit. There's a lot of lore there. They did lose a lot. Thank goodness. So, if you buy them one time, you can then swap them for free. And there's uh these little kiosks all over uh the parks and the hotels, some of the hotels, and you can just swap them and get a freshly charged one when the charge runs out. I prefer using better quality chargers that I do not have to worry about dying on me at all. But they are a great option if you have forgotten one or uh if you would rather just have the reliability of being able to swap swap swap till you drop. Well, I'm walking in Town Town Square Theater right now, which serves as home to the Mickey Mouse magician Mickey meet and greet, which only has a 15-minute wait right now. On the left hand side, you've got Tony's Town Square Restaurant, which is themed after Lady in the On the right, you've got Box Office Gifts, which is the sort of art of Disney location in Magic Kingdom. You can see you can buy dolls and collectibles. Beautiful prints. And then you've got a souvenir shop in the back with an embroidery. And there's a shield rod machine in there. Wonder if it has something to do with that in a separate but related retail uh shop called Curtain Call. souvenirs. So, does it have something to do with the embroidery? Hold on. Let me think about this. I'm going to say I'm going to say no. Okay. Going to say no. And that was 10. the wind. Oh, that was 10. So, I've got to go back to Walton. Yeah, sorry. I'm into Roy and Minnie. Um, yeah, I uh I'm I feel like that was good question, strategy, and I'm trying to log it into my brain forever because I do feel as if I ruled everything out. Yeah, I think that that was great. I also think it was kind of helpful that we just had a task in this building and if you had hit it the first time, I would have just changed. Yeah, I would have just changed and we would have done it. So, I think you kind of Yeah. context clues. Okay. Well, should I go to a land that represents a real time replace? Hold on. For task three. No. No. No. I don't want to do that. It's a hard one. Okay. Um, so in my uh which I'll just verify this for you, too. In my estimation when I'm playing game master, the lands that do represent real times and places are Main Street USA, Frontier Land, Liberty Square, and that's it. Yeah. Um the others are not. So that leaves Tomorrowland, Fantasy Land. Um I'm hoping Story Book Circus said with Fantasy Land because that's too complicated. It leaves Tomorrowland, Fantasy Land, and Adventure Land. So there's no way to cut half of these out. So I'm just going to say, should I go to Adventureland? No. Okay. Do you answer it? Yes. Wow. That's the big one. It is a big one. There's more stuff there than everywhere else. There's a lot of stuff, but it's gorgeous and whimsical. There's a big old bird in the sky. Don't Don't let it hit you. It's in It's really high out. I would be really impressed if this bird hit me, but it's big and a duck before. It's like big. That was one time. First of all, um, it was also second I like it's like bigger than a hawk and I think it's bigger than a vulture. I was going to ask if it was a vulture. You think not a vulture? Wait, my I think not a vulture. First of all, there's usually multiple vultures. And second of all, I really do think this is bigger than a vulture, but it looks like a vulture. Okay, Roy and Minnie, I miss If You Had Wings, which was the original ride in the location that Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin is now in. And actually, the ride vehicles were the originals. They just adapted the Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger spin uh kind of laser pointer setup onto the original ride vehicle from if you had wings and now it's closed for an extended refurbishment. I don't know if they're completely replacing those ride vehicles or if the pictures that they've shown, the artist rendering are just a new overlay on top of the existing original ride vehicles. It would be a little bit sad for me if those were gone. Um cuz that was always the cool part of it to me. Also, the fact that the original sign is still there. That's super cool. That's a good one. Thanks, I had some time to think when I was doing my little walk across town square. Yeah. Now you got to go back. I'm back. I'm already here actually. Oh, I'm walking back in. All right. Okay. Fry speed. Not quiet. That was a very easy sauna. I promise you I was not giving you um It was for It's forced perspective. It's It's closer than it looked. Um not really. Um, okay. I'm here in curtain call. Um, where they have ears hats that are ready to be embroidered. Is that what we're looking for? No. Um, am I supposed to be back here in curtain call? Yeah. Okay. Um, am I looking for something you can only find here? No. Okay. Am I looking for ears? No. Am I looking for a bird? No. Am I looking for a design detail? No. Am I looking for not merch, not a design detail? So, what I'm looking for, I could find. Okay, this one's going to be tricky. We've never done anything with fuel rods, but hopefully he just runs. He He walks past it. Okay, so is it uh an inanimate object? Yes. Not merchandise and it's not a uh design detail, but it is inadimate. Okay. Is it something And it's something that can be found pretty much anywhere. It's not specific to that location. Correct. Those are all You've asked those already. I'm confirming. Yes. Yeah. So, um, is it a cash register? No. Is it a uh register desk? No. You've got one more question. Is it a sign? No. That was 10. I am walking to Fantasy Land. I'll go ahead and mouse. Should I go somewhere in the AC? No. I'm sorry to say it. Okay. Oh, sorry. Should I ride something? Yes. Okay. All right. Not DC. Riding something is actually a big old narrow down for us. That leaves I was hoping we could only uh leaves Seminars my train party carousel Dumbo Barntormer I believe for rides that are not in the AC. Um, I'm just going to soft rule out 7 hours my train because typically we do not have fasts in this game that are going to take an hour long wait time. No, Emma's task was the longest wait time in the park. That would be so that would be crazy. Emma, don't do that one, please. Um. Um. Okay then. Oh, I just swallowed a bubble. A bubble? That is bubble. But it tastes like soap. Um, okay. Well, then let's uh let's say should I should I go to Storybook Circus or stay in Fantasy and Popper? So, should I go to Storybook Circus? No. Okay. So, Fantas and Popper, which is another big old narrow that means Carousel, Mad Tea, and I'm soft rolling outside. Um, okay. Should I ride the carousel? No. Okay. I'm just gonna say it's Mad Cheese. If that comes back, I want to know how many questions have I asked. You've asked seven. I'm pretty far for Roy and Disney now. Roy and Disney. Roy and Minnie. I'm just going to I'm just going to go with uh I'm just going to go with Matty, but I'm assuming I have to do something specific on Manty. Um maybe I should ask that. I need to do something specific while I am in a teacup on that tea party. Nope. Okay. Should I ride my tea party? I'm like so nervous. Yes. Okay. You've asked um nine questions. Okay. Um um by writing Mad Tea Party just like I normally would, will I complete this task? Yes. Oh, no way. For real? So, she technically is right to be thinking that it's not just Ride Mad Tea Party. It's not. But around Magic Kingdom, several of the rides have what are known as holiday overlays. Most of the time, these are just during the Mickey's Very Merry Christmas party, which actually kicks off for them. They're filming it, it kicks off tomorrow, but by the time you guys see this, it will be actively happening. Um, but it just means that these rides get kind of like a Christmas twist. So, for Mad Tea Party, when the party kicks off, they get special lights, it gets special music. It's a lot of fun. So, it's not happening right now, but it will happen during the party. The same thing goes for Monsters Inc. Laugh Floor, Space Mountain, and Tomorrowland Speedway and The Jungle Cruise. Now, Tomorrowland Speedway, you can kind of see the overlay during the day. It's really just a bunch of stuff scattered throughout the attraction, but then at night, it has different lights and it has different music, which is a lot of fun. Now, the Jungle Cruise is the one exception. It becomes the Jingle Cruise, and it is actually there all the whole holiday season, all day. It's not just party exclusive. So, if you really want to have like a fun time doing a holiday overlay, Jingle Cruise is going to be the one to head to. It is my personal favorite out of all of them. I think it's so fun. And I also love that you don't have to go to the party to experience it if you don't want to. Okay, here are Roy and Minnie. I'm going to say Skyway to Fantasy Land. There's a something that I miss which was something you boarded in Tomorrowland and it was kind of like the Skyliner except scarier and more dangerous. Now I'm going back. All right, 15 minute post of wait time. Not super short for tea party. Uh it's pretty busy today at Magic Kingdom. Even still, this will probably drop down into like the fives, definitely 10, maybe 5 minute range a little later in the afternoon, but it is prime time right now. So, going to hop in this 15-minute wait. Okay, so something everywhere has. I'm just using this location to find it. It's not a cash register. It's not a registered desk. Is it something like the Is it similar to the button? I'm gonna say yes. Is it a Is it a sticker? No. I'm going to say yes that it's similar to a button, but no, it is not a sticker. But it's not a merchandise item. Correct. Not a merchandise item. So, it's something you would get free. Yes. Okay. I'm inside. These things are not free. This is not free. Yeah. Oh, is it pin trading? No. Good guess, but no. Is it a fuel rod swap? It is. Is it really? It is. This is what I do here the most. Okay. Well, I have to tell you a very sad story is that there used to be two side by side fuel rod kiosks right here and uh they switched to this new version because there's a new device that came out. Did you see it? I've seen pictures of it. Yes. It's called the Max 10 Swap or it's the Max 10. And um anyway, it uh it's it's a larger device. It's way more expensive and it's supposed to hold charge longer. I haven't tested it yet. I've got so many of the original fuel rods. It's like I'm not going to spend 80 bucks right now. But in any event, when they put the new machine in, they took away the two old machines and just brought one back. Oh, swap my fuel rod now. I mean, only if you need to. You don't have to for this game. No, I need to swap my fuel rod. Okay, well then you do that. I I walk the walk. I don't just talk the talk. You got to understand that about me. Oh, don't worry. If I'm going to sp I'm going to spiel a fuel rod. Bye-bye. You show the whole thing. It also has a little It has a little door that closes now, which is kind of exciting. Oh, that is exciting. Don't put your finger in there. It's metal. All right, let's let's go on to the next thing. Woo! We did it. That's two down. And those were the two hardest. I promise. Do I stay on Main Street SL Town Square? No. No. Get out of there. Does it matter where I go next? Yes. Is there there's like a specific Okay. Do I go facing the castle to the right half of the park? Yes. Okay. Do I go to Tomorrowland? No. Do I go to Fantasy Land? Yes. Yes. That was five five questions. Shoot. Okay. Do I go to a ride? Yes. Do I ride it? Yes. Okay. So, we are riding a ride in Fantasy Land. I'm not leaving here cuz I have to come all the way back if I don't get it right. That is smart. Correct. Okay. So, I'm just going to stay. Oh my gosh. The fanfare has started. Okay. How many questions do I have for Festival of Fantasy? I've been counting down to when this would happen. You You have asked seven questions, so you have three left. Okay. Okay. So, it's a ride. It's Fantasy Land. Guessing that um it's going to be a ride with a shorter wait time. I am going to start my guesses with Mad Tea Party. Yes, that's the ride. Yes. Go ride it. I just ride mad view. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Great. I'll call you back. Okay. Bye. Bye. Bye. Uh, the teacups are done spinning. I'm getting out of my teacup. Did I do it? Oh, my kneecap. My knees are like I had to wear a knee brace the other day. Really? Yes. Because I have there's like I have I have like an issue with one of my knees and sometimes it's okay, but sometimes it's not. Yeah. Uh, I was doing a lot of walking. My parents were here. And it was funny because my dad, who's 60 by the way, showed up and was also in a new race. I was like, "Brins." Okay. I lost my um Okay. Uh, should I go to a land that represents a real time or place? No. Should I stay in fantasy land? Yeah. Okay. Should I go in the AC? Hold on. Hold on. I'm sorry. I need to make I'll forget what I'm doing. Um, you so you asked real time and place stay in fantasy land. Now we're on to AC. No, you should not. No AC. Hey, I just read something. I should probably not ride some things. Um, should I meet a character? No. I don't know why I jumped straight to that. It's cuz that's what I'm looking at. That doesn't narrow anything down. The like only outdoor characters here are like Peter Pan and Winter Ker. But I guess, you know, I panicked. What can I say? Um, okay. Probably not right. Yeah, I am outside. Uh, should I go to Should I go to a So, I go somewhere that sells food or or beverage primarily. Okay. Um, so outdoors that includes uh Fire's Nut, Storybook Treats, um, it's Eric's Village Market. Not it. Are you asking me like as a friend? No, you know, I'm asking my brain. That's fair. You don't answer any questions. Not well, at least. Um Oh, I guess. Or like a snack stand. Like there's the Maurice's popcorn cart and like ice cream bars and stuff. Okay. So, should I go to like should I go to like a a listed restaurant? Like the listed restaurants would be Frier's story book and Prince Erics whereas the snack carts would not. Should I go to a listed restaurant? Yes. We have made it climbing over and through the festival of fantasy crowd posted wait of 10 minutes here at man's tea party. We made great time coming over here but we were the first group I was the first group you and I collectively us. We were the last group to be led on to the next boarding group. So, what am I trying to say here? We made it all the way here. We still have to wait. Okay. Uh, well, there's just three spots. There's no way to cut it in half. Should I go to store? No. Should I go to Friers? No. No. Should I go to Prince Eric's The Village Market? Yes. That was your ninth question. Oh, man. I mean, I assume I assume I'm buying stock, so I'm not going to ask about that. Um, which means I can probably, this is a very small menu, which is good. I could probably narrow down the menu in half. Um, and then make a make my 10th question guess and potentially we'll be there. Another thing that we have to that we know for a fact is that it has to be vegan friendly because we have the same tasks. Every love is vegan. So, that will help us as well. um that immediately I think almost everything there is vegan except specialty treats because the frozen slushes are vegan. I'm pretty positive the pretzel's vegan because I think he gets it and then the pickle's vegan. Um I hope it's a pickle. Desperately want a pickle right now. Um but we're going to go over there. We're going to narrow down in half and then I'm going to make my guess and hopefully not have to walk to the front of the park to talk to Roy. They are so far from number 11. Supposedly the fastest according to cast members that I have asked. Okay, so yeah, a couple of things here. Slushes, including the seaside serenade, especially slush, jumbo pretzel, turkey leg is definitely not it. Pickle, grapes. Okay. Uh, I'll narrow in half and I'll just make my make my guess and hopefully it's right. And either way, I'll win because I got a pickle. So true. Mission accomplished. Yay. Okay, good. Good, good, good. Do I stay on this half of the park? Um, what do you mean by half? From like splitting it looking at the castle from the front, splitting it in the back. So, part of Fantasy Land is cut in half. Am I staying on this right hand side or am I moving to the left? Yeah. Am I staying on the Yeah. Am I staying on the right hand side? Um, no. Okay. Am I going to the other side of Fantasy Land? Yes. Okay. Am I writing something else? No. Am I going to a restaurant? What is your definition of a restaurant? Um I guess uh may I change then the the question? You may change the question. Am I going to a a place that's primarily known for serving food? Yes. Well, the gray area locations I would say would be Storybook Treats and maybe Frier's Nook. And those are both on the right side. I'm trying to think on the left hand side because I feel like Pinocchio Village House is definitively a restaurant. There's no question about it. I'm trying to get him to Prince Eric's. I don't know if that's on the left or the right. It's in the back. I think it's technically on the left. Yeah. The food offerings on the left side of Fantasy Land um as we've defined it would be Pinocchio Village House, a um there's a a refreshment treat frozen treat uh cart next to Haunted Mansion, which would technically be Liberty Square, but it's sort of, you know, in the blended area between the Tangled restrooms and Liberty Square. I took a bite out of a pickle and you just ate a vegetable. Oh, technically I thought you were just congratulating eating a vegetable. No. Well, we all should be eating our vegetables, but this task was eat a fruit or a vegetable and technically pickles are cucumbers and Fry approved it. So, don't be weird. There you go. Task done. Um, do you want to take a second to eat? That's four, right? Yeah, that's four. No, I don't want to take a second to eat my pickle. Okay. That's the great thing about pickles. You are They're on the go. That is very true. Um, I'm coming. He's dying. So then, should I go to land based on a real timer, please? Yes. So, I Oh, yes. My friend's dying. I don't think you have me backtrack, but you could. So, I'm not going to auto roll it out, but so are I going to liberate square? Um, no. Have any questions? Is that three? That was your third. Sorry, my pens died and I can't I always make my little lipstick near me. What can I write? But listen, I'm not a pickle. You don't have to apologize for anything. So true. So true. Okay, give me just a second. You know what I forgot about is Gaston's Tavern. I'm speaking like a French Canadian. I don't know why. It is a French story but not said in Canada. So why am I saying it like that? Who do I think I am? Celindion. Selindio. No. Celind is Celind. Everyone else is a peasant including me. Andre. Um, so Be Our Guest Restaurant and Gassan's Tavern are both Yeah, they're on the left, barely on the left hand side. Um, I'm going to say, is it Gassan's Tavern? Um, give me one moment. No. Careful. I'm going to say no. Oh, you know what it is? What? You know what it is? What? I mean, it's gray area. It's just at the Is it Is it Prince Eric's? Yes. It is. Okay. That was six. That was six questions. Okay. Um, do I buy a pickle? Yes. And is that it? That is it. Eat it. That is it. I need a pickle right now. Go get one. This is the the universe showing me some mercy. Mhm. And by the universe, I mean Emma Larouche. Mhm. I think we should come up with a theme song for her. Oh, we should. Emma Rou. She is a good friend, but she's really What rhymes with Larouche? Okay. Should I tell the French Cheland? Yes. Sorry, that was me just buffering. There was like no reason for me to hesitate. I'm gonna ask more questions. Go somewhere with AC. Yes. So, invent um histo um critter bio. Why is what it's called? Critter co-op. Critter co-op. Um then there's uh of the big store. There's a paperless bill is there that is inside and a country bear musical jamboree. Um my face there's also the GBC lounge but I can't get in there so that um and diamond horseshoe also true service hot so it's probably not bad. Um, okay. So, feel like just the store is one restaurant or a food, right? I mean, the main way to narrow this down is should I go in a store? Yeah. Should I go in Western Merkantile? No. Okay. How many questions I ask? Six. I would like to not walk all the way in front of Target this time. Mhm. So, I'm going to say I'm just going to go through the stores in my head again. Yeah. And also while we go off to make sure I'm not forgetting something random, but that should mean we're going to critter co-op. I purchased my pickle and I've eaten it. Perfect. Task done. Now, where should I go? Well, I can't answer that. Oh, good. But you only have one left. Should I stay on this side of the park now? Well, I'm kind of confused. I feel like I'm more on the right hand side a little bit. Yeah, that's why it was it was an iffy question. It's okay. It's okay. No, no, I liked it. Okay. Okay. So, do I stay on the right hand side of the park? No. Okay. Do I go to the leftand side of Fantasy Land? No. Do I go to Liberty Square? No. Do I go to Adventure Land? No. Do I go to Frontier Land? Yes. That was five. I can't help it. Walt made so many lands. I know. It's not your fault. It's hard to narrow it down. All right. I'm headed there now. Are we going to ride something? No. Okay. Are we going to do an activity? No. Am I going to sit down and enjoy this pickle? I mean, you can just might cost us the game. I'm shocked the game has not been cost already. You're doing 45inut panic attack sitting inside city hall. Okay. Well, apparently Quincy had the same thing. So, we're good. Am I experiencing an attraction? I think you already asked that. You said if you're riding something and I said no, unless I was thinking like country bears. Oh, no. No, six questions which I have four to work with in critical co-op. So, I need to be thinking smart. I need to thinking narrow down. So, while I walk over there, um, does this house have to do with merchandise? Yes. Yes. Okay. But it's it's typically fitter co-op. Okay. I'm gonna get in there before I answer our next question, but because it's specifically specifically I had to come all the way to Fr Julian and specifically go in Critter Co-op, that makes me think that it's something that's going to be unique to the store. Um, I know that is probably not going to be something generic Princess and the Frog Tiana because those are sold elsewhere. There are a few specialty things in the store that are only sold here. So, I just want to get my eyes on it before I use a question asking about it. And I want to really think about how best to narrow it down instead of just jumping to the first thing I think of. Ha. This is the uh store that goes to Tiana's BYU adventure. Obviously going to have a lot of Princess and the Frog merchandise, a lot of Tiana merchandise, and it is a very good theme. eat it. You know, what am I eating? Just pop in here and see the theme because it is what it sounds like where the critters have made their own little co-op. Um, and there's lots of details. I was kind of thinking this might be a detailed sauce. Um, so I'm surprised that it's merch, but okay. Um, so just looking around real quick. I am pretty sure they don't sell the Critter plushes elsewhere in Disney World. I think those are only here. Um, and that might be true also of the vibe specific like mugs and stuff like that, but Dion's foods apron. I don't think I've seen other places. Um, but there's regular clutches in here. I think they can rule out yours and lounge. I think we can rule out. Even though they're Kiana specific based on their toys, we can roll out. Um, then it starts getting iffy. Kiana costumes roll out. I'm going to talk to the camera for just a second. Okay. I'm incredibly nervous. I think she's going to hit punishment on this because of the way it's worded. It says exactly pick out a hot sauce or spice for your opponent. And if she doesn't say like breed love for breed love or for fry cuz both of them are her opponents, I think it won't count even if she happens to pick one up. Um I did check with Fry on this just to make sure our wires aren't crossed like before Quincy ever got there. So that way I know. I think she's going to hit punishment. I think we can still easily win cuz I feel like she'll have her head on straight. But you just never know. like these the this is like a get into the weeds moment and I'm worried that's about to happen. Okay, you're looking for something for with merchandise. I guess I should ask, am I looking for a specific item of merchandise? Yes. Okay. Um then my next question, my followup question is going to be should I look for something? And I'm let me clarify what I mean. question is going to be, should I look for something that is Tiana's Bayou adventure specific, and that includes things like Tiana in her Bayou outfit? It includes things like the uh plushes of the characters that are only on the ride. Um, it does not, however, include things like Tiana's Foods, general Tiana's Foods stuff, even though that was developed for the ride. Okay, so the question was, does it need to be Tiana's Vue Adventure specific? The answer is no. The answer is no. Mhm. Not Tiana's Vue Adventure specific. Okay, that's actually very helpful because a lot of the stuff in here is Tiana's Bio Adventure specific. Oh man, do I have two more or one more? One more. Wow, I'm so going to have to walk. Um, no, it's not Towns by Adventures 7. Um, does it have to do with Mama OD's hot sauce? Yes. Yeah, it's just like that one with the B. Okay, the answer is yes. It has to do with Mama OD's hot sauce. Yes. Okay. Um, so that was my 10th question, right? Yeah. So, you can try one thing before the trick. Okay. Um, my Let's do Mama OD's hot sauce. I don't think there's multiple flavors. I think it's just roasted pepper. Let me check. Yeah, just roasted pepper. Um, I'm going to tell you what I want to try before I spend the money. I am thinking that I need to try to taste this. No. No, it's not taste it. Now taste it. Okay, then. Okay, then I'm going to make the trick. Yes. Okay, that's okay. I don't do any kind of activity, which is interesting cuz that could be like take a picture of something or I'm not writing anything. Am I doing something involving a retail location? Yes, I am. You are. That was nine questions. Okay. So, uh, am I going to I'm thinking of like things that are new retail. Uh, and I'm thinking of travel hats. I'm thinking of the hat store. Do I go to the hat store? No. Okay. It was a good guess though, right? That was a good guess. It would be a show. I like the hat store. Me, too. It's better than I thought. Yeah, when I was there this last trip, I almost bought a hat that said Lil Buckaroo on it and I I thought about it and I was like, I'll be I'll be here in 2 days. I'll come back and I'll buy it. And when I was there 2 days later, they had swapped out all the hats and the little buckaroo hat was gone. Quincy's been gone so long. I think she died. If if you guys could go check on her, please. I'm getting nervous. I have at long last made it here to Roy and Minnie. half expected to see what you love here. And I'm going to tell them an opening day attraction uh that I miss. Oh, I've got it. This does count as an attraction. Roy, I miss the Diamond Horseshoe Review, which is the stage show that used to happen at the Diamond Horseshoe. I'm sure that it was a different iteration by the time I was a child. But I love a dinner show. And there's a very funny picture of me with a man who was wearing a boa or I'm wearing a boa. I don't know. But it's at that show and it makes me so mad that the only dinner show in Disney World is hooped to do review and I wish there was a dinner show in Magic Kingdom. I know it takes up a lot of time and it's more important to be able to move people through the restaurant faster. I understand the logistics. Okay, I've made it back to Roy and Minnie. You know, something that I watch that I never saw in person, but I I've watched many YouTube videos about is the uh Diamond Horseshoe review. Oh, okay. And yes, it was a saloon show in the Diamond Horseshoe. And um it is really I think her name was Miss Kitty is the host of it and she wears these awesome gowns with feather boas and stuff and they have like dancing cowboys and can can girls and it's just it looks like such a fun show. It's kind of hoop-de-doo like um but it was in the middle of Magic Kingdom. Her name was Kitty made her money being pretty and witty is what you're saying. Is that the lyric from the song? Taylor Swift. Yeah. Oh, did Taylor Swift write a a song about the lead character from the Diamond Horseshoe Review? I mean, Taylor Swift fan. Was she a show girl? I think she was. So, you should listen to it. Wait a minute. Is it about that? Who knows? It's a showgirl thing. Yes. Watch the character not be named Miss Kitty from Diamond Horseshoe. I need to fact check that. That is not in my It's in my wheelhouse, but it's not in the front. Auto's in my hand. Um I'm gonna ask, should I should I don't know what can I do with this? Um should I purchase it? No. Okay. Um does it have to do with the label? No. Okay. Um, I'm shaking it just because I just read it saying shake well. Um, all right, girl. Shake it. Drink a bottle of Mala OD. It doesn't have to do with the label. Okay. Um, should I should I do physically do something with my body? No. Unless you just want to Okay. Should I say something or sing something out loud? Should I vocally do something? Yeah. Okay. Does it have to do with Mama OD? No. You've asked five. Okay. Doesn't have to do with Mama Odie. Does it have to do with Princess and the Frog? Mm- No. No. No. My gosh. Um, does it have to do How many questions have I six? You've asked six. Yeah. Does it have to do with spiciness? Um, no. Okay. Am I quoting something? No. Okay. That was eight. This is so tough. This one. Um, it it I think once you hear it, you'll be like, "Oh, okay. Does it have to do I'm not buying it. Does it have to do with somebody else at all?" Yes. Yes. You have one question left. I do not want to walk to the front of the park again. Um, you're not going to because you're about to get it. Okay. You're going to get it. I'm manifesting. You're going to get it. Well, I'm just going to I'm just going to make a guess because I need to get walking if I'm going to get walking. Um, this is vegan, so I'm going to say that uh I would give this a three love fry. Done. Done. Are you serious? You had to pick out a hot sauce for your opponent or spice. All right. Good game. That was really hard. Great game. That was extremely weirdly difficult. If you guys like uh the Emma Larouche style of making very, very hard tasks, let us know in the comments. We enjoy playing them, but I'm literally sweating now. I understand what we're in for. I was having a hard time with the old ones. Oh, again. What's crazy? I didn't say this on camera. I as Emma asked me how hard to make this and I said medium. Yeah. And this was medium. Yeah. And also Emma made edits to make it easier before it came to us. And she keeps telling me she's got a hard but locked and loaded. I don't want to know what it is. That's going to be crazy. It's going to be like I can't I can't even fathom what it is. I know. I'm tell I'm That's Well, let us know in the comments what you think. I would say leave to hear. Don't want to say I wasn't competitive till the end, but I was very when when she said, "Oh, I've got some bad news." I said, "No, you don't. No, you don't. We're fine. You do not." Well, thank you guys so much for watching. If you're still here, like this video and don't forget to subscribe. We have a goal of hitting half a million subscribers and we are in the home stretch. So, everybody counts and helps and we want you here. Um, also, we spend all week uploading fun content, games, discs, and more from Disney World and beyond. Why? Cuz we're serious about fun. Oh, I was supposed to say that with you. Yeah, Quincy, great love. You thought this was the end of the game, but it's only the beginning. No, no, no, no. Get out of her. Yay. Hey.
