---
video_id: mbJKFZaJwwU
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Disney World Christmas Challenge -- Happy Holidays!"
published: 2025-12-23
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbJKFZaJwwU
---
Merry Christmas Eve. Merry Christmas Eve. Merry Christmas Eve. &gt;&gt; Yes, we're here in Disney Springs and &gt;&gt; Yes, we're here in Disney Springs and &gt;&gt; Yes, we're here in Disney Springs and that can only mean one thing. that can only mean one thing. that can only mean one thing. &gt;&gt; Trees. &gt;&gt; Trees. &gt;&gt; Trees. &gt;&gt; Trees. I mean, I guess it could mean a &gt;&gt; Trees. I mean, I guess it could mean a &gt;&gt; Trees. I mean, I guess it could mean a lot of things. lot of things. lot of things. &gt;&gt; It could mean many, many things. There's &gt;&gt; It could mean many, many things. There's &gt;&gt; It could mean many, many things. There's a lot of Disney Springs, but we're here a lot of Disney Springs, but we're here a lot of Disney Springs, but we're here for trees. for trees. for trees. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; A lot of trees. &gt;&gt; A lot of trees. &gt;&gt; A lot of trees. &gt;&gt; Yes. Because it's a Christmas tree &gt;&gt; Yes. Because it's a Christmas tree &gt;&gt; Yes. Because it's a Christmas tree stroll. So, we will be taking our time stroll. So, we will be taking our time stroll. So, we will be taking our time &gt;&gt; strolling. &gt;&gt; strolling. &gt;&gt; strolling. &gt;&gt; Strolling. &gt;&gt; Strolling. &gt;&gt; Strolling. &gt;&gt; Looking at Christmas trees &gt;&gt; Looking at Christmas trees &gt;&gt; Looking at Christmas trees &gt;&gt; and scrolling &gt;&gt; and scrolling &gt;&gt; and scrolling &gt;&gt; on our phones probably find &gt;&gt; on our phones probably find &gt;&gt; on our phones probably find &gt;&gt; to find the trees. &gt;&gt; to find the trees. &gt;&gt; to find the trees. &gt;&gt; The trees. Actually, we'll be carrying a &gt;&gt; The trees. Actually, we'll be carrying a &gt;&gt; The trees. Actually, we'll be carrying a map. map. map. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we will be carrying a map. There &gt;&gt; Yeah, we will be carrying a map. There &gt;&gt; Yeah, we will be carrying a map. There are so many themed trees here and you are so many themed trees here and you are so many themed trees here and you can get a map and you can go and find can get a map and you can go and find can get a map and you can go and find them all. And you have not seen them all. And you have not seen them all. And you have not seen Christmas trees like this. They rule. Christmas trees like this. They rule. Christmas trees like this. They rule. They are so much fun to look at. So They are so much fun to look at. So They are so much fun to look at. So that's what we're going to do. It is our that's what we're going to do. It is our that's what we're going to do. It is our holiday special. We'll be hearing from holiday special. We'll be hearing from holiday special. We'll be hearing from the whole cast some holiday wishes. We the whole cast some holiday wishes. We the whole cast some holiday wishes. We are so glad you guys are here and are so glad you guys are here and are so glad you guys are here and thought to spend your Christmas week thought to spend your Christmas week thought to spend your Christmas week with us. So [music] with us. So [music] with us. So [music] &gt;&gt; it's the Disney Springs Christmas &gt;&gt; it's the Disney Springs Christmas &gt;&gt; it's the Disney Springs Christmas special troll. special troll. special troll. &gt;&gt; Stroll, not troll. &gt;&gt; Stroll, not troll. &gt;&gt; Stroll, not troll. &gt;&gt; Troll. To start off our Christmas tree, &gt;&gt; Troll. To start off our Christmas tree, &gt;&gt; Troll. To start off our Christmas tree, [music] [music] [music] we're going to the most Christmy we're going to the most Christmy we're going to the most Christmy location in Disney Springs. I love the location in Disney Springs. I love the location in Disney Springs. I love the Christmas store. Christmas store. Christmas store. &gt;&gt; Polite pig. &gt;&gt; Polite pig. &gt;&gt; Polite pig. &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; This is a barbecue restaurant, but for &gt;&gt; This is a barbecue restaurant, but for &gt;&gt; This is a barbecue restaurant, but for some reason they do have the Christmas some reason they do have the Christmas some reason they do have the Christmas tree stroll map. tree stroll map. tree stroll map. &gt;&gt; You know why we can tell that? &gt;&gt; You know why we can tell that? &gt;&gt; You know why we can tell that? &gt;&gt; Because it says this. &gt;&gt; Because it says this. &gt;&gt; Because it says this. &gt;&gt; Look at this beautiful sign. Map &gt;&gt; Look at this beautiful sign. Map &gt;&gt; Look at this beautiful sign. Map distribution and redemption location. distribution and redemption location. distribution and redemption location. &gt;&gt; Yes, because there's a prize. &gt;&gt; Yes, because there's a prize. &gt;&gt; Yes, because there's a prize. &gt;&gt; Spoiler alert. &gt;&gt; Spoiler alert. &gt;&gt; Spoiler alert. &gt;&gt; So, you can keep an eye out for these &gt;&gt; So, you can keep an eye out for these &gt;&gt; So, you can keep an eye out for these signs. World of Disney is kind of the signs. World of Disney is kind of the signs. World of Disney is kind of the easy spot to go grab them. But we're easy spot to go grab them. But we're easy spot to go grab them. But we're going to head in and grab ours from going to head in and grab ours from going to head in and grab ours from Polite Pig. Wait, it's not open yet. Polite Pig. Wait, it's not open yet. Polite Pig. Wait, it's not open yet. Wait, can we go this way? How do we How Wait, can we go this way? How do we How Wait, can we go this way? How do we How do we distribute and redeem? Do you do we distribute and redeem? Do you do we distribute and redeem? Do you remember the Marshalls commercials? I remember the Marshalls commercials? I remember the Marshalls commercials? I think it was where the woman would go up think it was where the woman would go up think it was where the woman would go up to the door and go open open open. to the door and go open open open. to the door and go open open open. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; like that. That was very iconic. Should &gt;&gt; like that. That was very iconic. Should &gt;&gt; like that. That was very iconic. Should I try it? I try it? I try it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, with Polite Pig closed, we've &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, with Polite Pig closed, we've &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, with Polite Pig closed, we've headed to the next available location to headed to the next available location to headed to the next available location to pick up maps, which is Ariba's Brothers. pick up maps, which is Ariba's Brothers. pick up maps, which is Ariba's Brothers. Where are they? Javiana's. Where are they? Javiana's. Where are they? Javiana's. &gt;&gt; You can go to Javiana's Play Pig. You &gt;&gt; You can go to Javiana's Play Pig. You &gt;&gt; You can go to Javiana's Play Pig. You can go to Lego. You can go to Ariba's can go to Lego. You can go to Ariba's can go to Lego. You can go to Ariba's Brothers. And you can go to one other Brothers. And you can go to one other Brothers. And you can go to one other store. Cliffhanger cuz I forgot. store. Cliffhanger cuz I forgot. store. Cliffhanger cuz I forgot. &gt;&gt; That was fun. But here you can see the &gt;&gt; That was fun. But here you can see the &gt;&gt; That was fun. But here you can see the sign and anywhere there you can come and sign and anywhere there you can come and sign and anywhere there you can come and pick up a map for the Christmas uh for pick up a map for the Christmas uh for pick up a map for the Christmas uh for the Christmas tree stroll. We're also the Christmas tree stroll. We're also the Christmas tree stroll. We're also going to be doing uh the a very very fun going to be doing uh the a very very fun going to be doing uh the a very very fun themed holiday bar today. themed holiday bar today. themed holiday bar today. &gt;&gt; This looks so this is so &gt;&gt; This looks so this is so &gt;&gt; This looks so this is so &gt;&gt; that's so cute. &gt;&gt; that's so cute. &gt;&gt; that's so cute. &gt;&gt; This is one of uh the two locations you &gt;&gt; This is one of uh the two locations you &gt;&gt; This is one of uh the two locations you can get the silhouette created. And one can get the silhouette created. And one can get the silhouette created. And one of them is on in Magic Kingdom on uh of them is on in Magic Kingdom on uh of them is on in Magic Kingdom on uh Center Street and one is here at Center Street and one is here at Center Street and one is here at Aribba's Brothers Crystal Arts, also the Aribba's Brothers Crystal Arts, also the Aribba's Brothers Crystal Arts, also the same name in Magic Kingdom in Disney same name in Magic Kingdom in Disney same name in Magic Kingdom in Disney Springs. But this one has a holiday Springs. But this one has a holiday Springs. But this one has a holiday theme, which I think is important. theme, which I think is important. theme, which I think is important. &gt;&gt; I love that. &gt;&gt; I love that. &gt;&gt; I love that. &gt;&gt; I think everybody needs that. &gt;&gt; I think everybody needs that. &gt;&gt; I think everybody needs that. &gt;&gt; I need that. &gt;&gt; I need that. &gt;&gt; I need that. &gt;&gt; Even if you have It comes with free &gt;&gt; Even if you have It comes with free &gt;&gt; Even if you have It comes with free stickers, which you could use for just stickers, which you could use for just stickers, which you could use for just fun, which not isn't fun, but you could fun, which not isn't fun, but you could fun, which not isn't fun, but you could use them for whatever you want. But you use them for whatever you want. But you use them for whatever you want. But you can also line them up with the theme of can also line them up with the theme of can also line them up with the theme of the tree in that particular area. So the tree in that particular area. So the tree in that particular area. So each spot is a just basic tree location each spot is a just basic tree location each spot is a just basic tree location and then you have to go to that tree and and then you have to go to that tree and and then you have to go to that tree and figure out which of these guys is it. figure out which of these guys is it. figure out which of these guys is it. Hey, look. It does have the It does have Hey, look. It does have the It does have Hey, look. It does have the It does have the map locations. What's the extra the map locations. What's the extra the map locations. What's the extra store? Javiana's House of Blues City store? Javiana's House of Blues City store? Javiana's House of Blues City Works. Works. Works. &gt;&gt; Havana's havo. &gt;&gt; Havana's havo. &gt;&gt; Havana's havo. &gt;&gt; Javiana. &gt;&gt; Javiana. &gt;&gt; Javiana. &gt;&gt; See, I've got these new bif focal &gt;&gt; See, I've got these new bif focal &gt;&gt; See, I've got these new bif focal contact lenses and sometimes all the contact lenses and sometimes all the contact lenses and sometimes all the letters just turn into like letters just turn into like letters just turn into like &gt;&gt; one letter. &gt;&gt; one letter. &gt;&gt; one letter. &gt;&gt; I like that. Anyway, I'm excited about &gt;&gt; I like that. Anyway, I'm excited about &gt;&gt; I like that. Anyway, I'm excited about our stroll. our stroll. our stroll. &gt;&gt; Me, too. &gt;&gt; Me, too. &gt;&gt; Me, too. &gt;&gt; Freed love is our Christmas navigator &gt;&gt; Freed love is our Christmas navigator &gt;&gt; Freed love is our Christmas navigator today. Yes, today. Yes, today. Yes, &gt;&gt; we're basically elves. &gt;&gt; we're basically elves. &gt;&gt; we're basically elves. &gt;&gt; You can see how well it's going. &gt;&gt; You can see how well it's going. &gt;&gt; You can see how well it's going. &gt;&gt; He's really good at maps. &gt;&gt; He's really good at maps. &gt;&gt; He's really good at maps. &gt;&gt; Feels like we're on a road trip and it's &gt;&gt; Feels like we're on a road trip and it's &gt;&gt; Feels like we're on a road trip and it's that point. So, you likely would have that point. So, you likely would have that point. So, you likely would have been an early adopter of the uh Garmin. been an early adopter of the uh Garmin. been an early adopter of the uh Garmin. &gt;&gt; I did have a Garmin Gigator. I sure did. &gt;&gt; I did have a Garmin Gigator. I sure did. &gt;&gt; I did have a Garmin Gigator. I sure did. &gt;&gt; Well, this is the Once Upon a Toy theme. &gt;&gt; Well, this is the Once Upon a Toy theme. &gt;&gt; Well, this is the Once Upon a Toy theme. &gt;&gt; Tons of fun for kids and kids at heart. &gt;&gt; Tons of fun for kids and kids at heart. &gt;&gt; Tons of fun for kids and kids at heart. And Once Upon a Point is a Toy Story And Once Upon a Point is a Toy Story And Once Upon a Point is a Toy Story themed store, so I'm assuming it will be themed store, so I'm assuming it will be themed store, so I'm assuming it will be Toy Story themed, Toy Story themed, Toy Story themed, &gt;&gt; maybe. Although, I'm nervous. &gt;&gt; maybe. Although, I'm nervous. &gt;&gt; maybe. Although, I'm nervous. &gt;&gt; Well, let's see what all goes on here. &gt;&gt; Well, let's see what all goes on here. &gt;&gt; Well, let's see what all goes on here. &gt;&gt; Uh cuz I'm not seeing any Toy Story. I &gt;&gt; Uh cuz I'm not seeing any Toy Story. I &gt;&gt; Uh cuz I'm not seeing any Toy Story. I feel like there might be a Toy Story feel like there might be a Toy Story feel like there might be a Toy Story tree we might come across. tree we might come across. tree we might come across. &gt;&gt; Sometimes we have to &gt;&gt; Sometimes we have to &gt;&gt; Sometimes we have to &gt;&gt; We'll have to use process of &gt;&gt; We'll have to use process of &gt;&gt; We'll have to use process of elimination. elimination. elimination. &gt;&gt; And our Yeah, although there are some &gt;&gt; And our Yeah, although there are some &gt;&gt; And our Yeah, although there are some generic generic generic &gt;&gt; trees on here. &gt;&gt; trees on here. &gt;&gt; trees on here. &gt;&gt; Trees on here, which could be that one. &gt;&gt; Trees on here, which could be that one. &gt;&gt; Trees on here, which could be that one. This feels There's like a little train This feels There's like a little train This feels There's like a little train under this one. under this one. under this one. &gt;&gt; You're right. There is &gt;&gt; You're right. There is &gt;&gt; You're right. There is &gt;&gt; and a green present. I'm feeling this &gt;&gt; and a green present. I'm feeling this &gt;&gt; and a green present. I'm feeling this one. one. one. &gt;&gt; Little Disney. I think you're I think &gt;&gt; Little Disney. I think you're I think &gt;&gt; Little Disney. I think you're I think you're right. you're right. you're right. &gt;&gt; This is not one of the movie themed &gt;&gt; This is not one of the movie themed &gt;&gt; This is not one of the movie themed trees. It's pretty much a more classic trees. It's pretty much a more classic trees. It's pretty much a more classic toy tree. Um but you can see there's toy tree. Um but you can see there's toy tree. Um but you can see there's toys all in it. And it is one of the toys all in it. And it is one of the toys all in it. And it is one of the larger trees. So it's just great. It larger trees. So it's just great. It larger trees. So it's just great. It welcomes folks to Disney Springs if welcomes folks to Disney Springs if welcomes folks to Disney Springs if they're coming in from like ride share they're coming in from like ride share they're coming in from like ride share and they'll come this way. Look at that and they'll come this way. Look at that and they'll come this way. Look at that toy poodle. I love him. All right, toy poodle. I love him. All right, toy poodle. I love him. All right, that's one down. that's one down. that's one down. &gt;&gt; First one. &gt;&gt; First one. &gt;&gt; First one. &gt;&gt; Yay. Right. Only 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 &gt;&gt; Yay. Right. Only 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 &gt;&gt; Yay. Right. Only 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 &gt;&gt; Let's do it. &gt;&gt; Let's do it. &gt;&gt; Let's do it. &gt;&gt; Sad cuz it's going to be over. &gt;&gt; Sad cuz it's going to be over. &gt;&gt; Sad cuz it's going to be over. &gt;&gt; Listen, I love this stroll. So, you want &gt;&gt; Listen, I love this stroll. So, you want &gt;&gt; Listen, I love this stroll. So, you want to know my beef with this stroll though? to know my beef with this stroll though? to know my beef with this stroll though? &gt;&gt; Oh, wa &gt;&gt; Oh, wa &gt;&gt; Oh, wa &gt;&gt; Sorry. Um I loved when the Christmas &gt;&gt; Sorry. Um I loved when the Christmas &gt;&gt; Sorry. Um I loved when the Christmas tree stroll was a dedicated path tree stroll was a dedicated path tree stroll was a dedicated path experience. It used to be right over experience. It used to be right over experience. It used to be right over here. They would do it. here. They would do it. here. They would do it. &gt;&gt; I know what you mean. And you would walk &gt;&gt; I know what you mean. And you would walk &gt;&gt; I know what you mean. And you would walk I think I think it used to be in the I think I think it used to be in the I think I think it used to be in the ride share a lot which is why they don't ride share a lot which is why they don't ride share a lot which is why they don't do it anymore most likely. do it anymore most likely. do it anymore most likely. &gt;&gt; By the way from afar I thought that was &gt;&gt; By the way from afar I thought that was &gt;&gt; By the way from afar I thought that was me. me. me. &gt;&gt; Is that a crazy thing to think? &gt;&gt; Is that a crazy thing to think? &gt;&gt; Is that a crazy thing to think? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. Um I think it was I maybe they did it in Um I think it was I maybe they did it in Um I think it was I maybe they did it in it was a walkthrough like experience it was a walkthrough like experience it was a walkthrough like experience where you got to see all the themed where you got to see all the themed where you got to see all the themed trees in this one walkthrough and they trees in this one walkthrough and they trees in this one walkthrough and they did like theming on the little temporary did like theming on the little temporary did like theming on the little temporary barricades they put up that looked like barricades they put up that looked like barricades they put up that looked like posters that nodded to attractions and posters that nodded to attractions and posters that nodded to attractions and Christmas spirit. And then there was a Christmas spirit. And then there was a Christmas spirit. And then there was a little stand in there where you could little stand in there where you could little stand in there where you could buy hot chocolate and Christmas treats buy hot chocolate and Christmas treats buy hot chocolate and Christmas treats and getting and getting and getting &gt;&gt; hot chocolate &gt;&gt; hot chocolate &gt;&gt; hot chocolate &gt;&gt; and even merch for the Christmas tree &gt;&gt; and even merch for the Christmas tree &gt;&gt; and even merch for the Christmas tree troll. So, troll. So, troll. So, &gt;&gt; can I ask you to try something? &gt;&gt; can I ask you to try something? &gt;&gt; can I ask you to try something? &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. &gt;&gt; I wanted introduce you to something &gt;&gt; I wanted introduce you to something &gt;&gt; I wanted introduce you to something brand new. brand new. brand new. &gt;&gt; Goofy's Candy Kitchen just came out this &gt;&gt; Goofy's Candy Kitchen just came out this &gt;&gt; Goofy's Candy Kitchen just came out this year for the holidays. It is a frozen year for the holidays. It is a frozen year for the holidays. It is a frozen cocoa and it's a Goofy shirt. So, it's cocoa and it's a Goofy shirt. So, it's cocoa and it's a Goofy shirt. So, it's actually a real authentic Disney Goofy's actually a real authentic Disney Goofy's actually a real authentic Disney Goofy's Glacier Glacier Glacier &gt;&gt; with But it's a hot cocoa but it's &gt;&gt; with But it's a hot cocoa but it's &gt;&gt; with But it's a hot cocoa but it's frozen. frozen. frozen. &gt;&gt; It's cold and frozen. Isn't that &gt;&gt; It's cold and frozen. Isn't that &gt;&gt; It's cold and frozen. Isn't that &gt;&gt; excited? which conveniently is also &gt;&gt; excited? which conveniently is also &gt;&gt; excited? which conveniently is also right next to where you can meet Santa right next to where you can meet Santa right next to where you can meet Santa if you'd like. if you'd like. if you'd like. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; This is delicious. &gt;&gt; This is delicious. &gt;&gt; This is delicious. &gt;&gt; Is it? &gt;&gt; Is it? &gt;&gt; Is it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's so good. The Christmas vibes &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's so good. The Christmas vibes &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's so good. The Christmas vibes is strong. is strong. is strong. &gt;&gt; I've heard that the topper, which is a &gt;&gt; I've heard that the topper, which is a &gt;&gt; I've heard that the topper, which is a chocolate coated covered, it's not chocolate coated covered, it's not chocolate coated covered, it's not [music] completely covered marshmallow. [music] completely covered marshmallow. [music] completely covered marshmallow. Peppermint is really delicious. Peppermint is really delicious. Peppermint is really delicious. &gt;&gt; I really like marshmallow that much. &gt;&gt; I really like marshmallow that much. &gt;&gt; I really like marshmallow that much. &gt;&gt; And because we're in Central Florida, it &gt;&gt; And because we're in Central Florida, it &gt;&gt; And because we're in Central Florida, it does get chilly here, but it doesn't get does get chilly here, but it doesn't get does get chilly here, but it doesn't get cold. And probably the thing that you're cold. And probably the thing that you're cold. And probably the thing that you're going to want going to want going to want &gt;&gt; Not by Christmas. &gt;&gt; Not by Christmas. &gt;&gt; Not by Christmas. &gt;&gt; Not by Christmas. Christmas, but &gt;&gt; Not by Christmas. Christmas, but &gt;&gt; Not by Christmas. Christmas, but sometimes even by Christmas. I've been sometimes even by Christmas. I've been sometimes even by Christmas. I've been on the beach on Christmas day. on the beach on Christmas day. on the beach on Christmas day. &gt;&gt; It was like 22 degrees 2 weeks ago. &gt;&gt; It was like 22 degrees 2 weeks ago. &gt;&gt; It was like 22 degrees 2 weeks ago. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's true. That's true. Yeah, it &gt;&gt; Oh, that's true. That's true. Yeah, it &gt;&gt; Oh, that's true. That's true. Yeah, it &gt;&gt; Okay. So, it does get I'm afraid to say &gt;&gt; Okay. So, it does get I'm afraid to say &gt;&gt; Okay. So, it does get I'm afraid to say cold because people in states are going cold because people in states are going cold because people in states are going to yell at us to yell at us to yell at us &gt;&gt; and it's wet here. And I spoken to so &gt;&gt; and it's wet here. And I spoken to so &gt;&gt; and it's wet here. And I spoken to so many people from Chicago who come here many people from Chicago who come here many people from Chicago who come here and say, "I thought it I thought it'd be and say, "I thought it I thought it'd be and say, "I thought it I thought it'd be warm and I'm freezing and I had to buy a warm and I'm freezing and I had to buy a warm and I'm freezing and I had to buy a jacket. It gets cold here." jacket. It gets cold here." jacket. It gets cold here." &gt;&gt; Okay, you can say it. I'm I'm staying &gt;&gt; Okay, you can say it. I'm I'm staying &gt;&gt; Okay, you can say it. I'm I'm staying out of it. But anyway, you might prefer out of it. But anyway, you might prefer out of it. But anyway, you might prefer for all of you people who say it's not for all of you people who say it's not for all of you people who say it's not cold at all here. It if it feels balmy cold at all here. It if it feels balmy cold at all here. It if it feels balmy to you, a frozen cocoa is probably the to you, a frozen cocoa is probably the to you, a frozen cocoa is probably the way to do your stroll. way to do your stroll. way to do your stroll. &gt;&gt; Now, I'm It's the way I'm doing my &gt;&gt; Now, I'm It's the way I'm doing my &gt;&gt; Now, I'm It's the way I'm doing my stroll. stroll. stroll. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Cold's cold hot chocolate in hands. &gt;&gt; Cold's cold hot chocolate in hands. &gt;&gt; Cold's cold hot chocolate in hands. &gt;&gt; And this is a map. &gt;&gt; And this is a map. &gt;&gt; And this is a map. &gt;&gt; And you're using Well, &gt;&gt; And you're using Well, &gt;&gt; And you're using Well, &gt;&gt; and I know how to find the second tree &gt;&gt; and I know how to find the second tree &gt;&gt; and I know how to find the second tree cuz it's right here. And it's right cuz it's right here. And it's right cuz it's right here. And it's right there. there. there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Is called geography. &gt;&gt; Is called geography. &gt;&gt; Is called geography. &gt;&gt; It's our navigator. &gt;&gt; It's our navigator. &gt;&gt; It's our navigator. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; Um Okay. I don't want you to tell me what Okay. I don't want you to tell me what Okay. I don't want you to tell me what this one is. And I'm not going to look this one is. And I'm not going to look this one is. And I'm not going to look at any sign. Princess in the front. at any sign. Princess in the front. at any sign. Princess in the front. &gt;&gt; A Tiana. &gt;&gt; A Tiana. &gt;&gt; A Tiana. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It has the the the like uh it has &gt;&gt; Yeah. It has the the the like uh it has &gt;&gt; Yeah. It has the the the like uh it has a garland that says the lyrics to almost a garland that says the lyrics to almost a garland that says the lyrics to almost there on it. there on it. there on it. &gt;&gt; That is so cool. And look at all these &gt;&gt; That is so cool. And look at all these &gt;&gt; That is so cool. And look at all these little desserts. little desserts. little desserts. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; This is this what it's like going to &gt;&gt; This is this what it's like going to &gt;&gt; This is this what it's like going to Tiana's place? Tiana's place? Tiana's place? &gt;&gt; It kind of reminds me of going to cake &gt;&gt; It kind of reminds me of going to cake &gt;&gt; It kind of reminds me of going to cake bake shop, which is awesome. bake shop, which is awesome. bake shop, which is awesome. &gt;&gt; Frogs. &gt;&gt; Frogs. &gt;&gt; Frogs. &gt;&gt; So cute. &gt;&gt; So cute. &gt;&gt; So cute. &gt;&gt; That's cute. &gt;&gt; That's cute. &gt;&gt; That's cute. &gt;&gt; Well, I have Tiana right here. &gt;&gt; Well, I have Tiana right here. &gt;&gt; Well, I have Tiana right here. &gt;&gt; It's happening. &gt;&gt; It's happening. &gt;&gt; It's happening. &gt;&gt; Oh. Oh. &gt;&gt; Oh. Oh. &gt;&gt; Oh. Oh. &gt;&gt; It happens. I love the Christmas tree &gt;&gt; It happens. I love the Christmas tree &gt;&gt; It happens. I love the Christmas tree stroll. You know what's interesting stroll. You know what's interesting stroll. You know what's interesting about this? There's no like t There's no about this? There's no like t There's no about this? There's no like t There's no like Princess and the Frog legit stuff like Princess and the Frog legit stuff like Princess and the Frog legit stuff on here. on here. on here. &gt;&gt; I agree. There's nothing that is a Marty &gt;&gt; I agree. There's nothing that is a Marty &gt;&gt; I agree. There's nothing that is a Marty Gro tree. Gro tree. Gro tree. &gt;&gt; You're right. Which is kind of nice &gt;&gt; You're right. Which is kind of nice &gt;&gt; You're right. Which is kind of nice inspired by inspired by inspired by &gt;&gt; pretty. &gt;&gt; pretty. &gt;&gt; pretty. &gt;&gt; It's the energy of Disney bounded tree. &gt;&gt; It's the energy of Disney bounded tree. &gt;&gt; It's the energy of Disney bounded tree. &gt;&gt; It's Disney. That's totally true. But &gt;&gt; It's Disney. That's totally true. But &gt;&gt; It's Disney. That's totally true. But you're right. There's no one single you're right. There's no one single you're right. There's no one single item. I mean, there are the magnolia. Of item. I mean, there are the magnolia. Of item. I mean, there are the magnolia. Of course, some cute little frogs that course, some cute little frogs that course, some cute little frogs that definitely have character. definitely have character. definitely have character. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I like them. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I like them. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I like them. &gt;&gt; Nothing is literally &gt;&gt; Nothing is literally &gt;&gt; Nothing is literally &gt;&gt; from the film. Yeah, Disney animation. &gt;&gt; from the film. Yeah, Disney animation. &gt;&gt; from the film. Yeah, Disney animation. Well, we've got two down. You know what Well, we've got two down. You know what Well, we've got two down. You know what that means? that means? that means? &gt;&gt; 87 to go. &gt;&gt; 87 to go. &gt;&gt; 87 to go. &gt;&gt; We're almost there. &gt;&gt; We're almost there. &gt;&gt; We're almost there. &gt;&gt; Oh, I I can see the next tree. &gt;&gt; Oh, I I can see the next tree. &gt;&gt; Oh, I I can see the next tree. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Across the water. &gt;&gt; Across the water. &gt;&gt; Across the water. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's going to that's exciting. But &gt;&gt; Oh, that's going to that's exciting. But &gt;&gt; Oh, that's going to that's exciting. But I think there's usually one next to I think there's usually one next to I think there's usually one next to World of Disney. World of Disney. World of Disney. &gt;&gt; Where? &gt;&gt; Where? &gt;&gt; Where? &gt;&gt; I don't know. Let's look over here. &gt;&gt; I don't know. Let's look over here. &gt;&gt; I don't know. Let's look over here. There's usually There's usually There's usually &gt;&gt; I don't see one on the map. &gt;&gt; I don't see one on the map. &gt;&gt; I don't see one on the map. &gt;&gt; Did they change it from last year? See, &gt;&gt; Did they change it from last year? See, &gt;&gt; Did they change it from last year? See, this is what they did. This is why you this is what they did. This is why you this is what they did. This is why you always follow the map because things always follow the map because things always follow the map because things will change and the map will tell you. will change and the map will tell you. will change and the map will tell you. &gt;&gt; Santa hat on top Mickey though. &gt;&gt; Santa hat on top Mickey though. &gt;&gt; Santa hat on top Mickey though. &gt;&gt; Very very cute. But we're not going back &gt;&gt; Very very cute. But we're not going back &gt;&gt; Very very cute. But we're not going back there. So that's a good learning. Oh, there. So that's a good learning. Oh, there. So that's a good learning. Oh, and it's snowing. and it's snowing. and it's snowing. &gt;&gt; Ah, it's snowing. &gt;&gt; Ah, it's snowing. &gt;&gt; Ah, it's snowing. &gt;&gt; Snope. Disney's right. &gt;&gt; Snope. Disney's right. &gt;&gt; Snope. Disney's right. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh, it looks cool. It's blown &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh, it looks cool. It's blown &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh, it looks cool. It's blown away. But it does look cool. away. But it does look cool. away. But it does look cool. &gt;&gt; It's just a drift. &gt;&gt; It's just a drift. &gt;&gt; It's just a drift. &gt;&gt; Oh, fun. I I love it. Nope. Oh yeah, &gt;&gt; Oh, fun. I I love it. Nope. Oh yeah, &gt;&gt; Oh, fun. I I love it. Nope. Oh yeah, there's some trees over here, I'll tell there's some trees over here, I'll tell there's some trees over here, I'll tell you. you. you. &gt;&gt; Okay, what could this be? Across from &gt;&gt; Okay, what could this be? Across from &gt;&gt; Okay, what could this be? Across from the Lego store in front of World of the Lego store in front of World of the Lego store in front of World of Disney. Disney. Disney. &gt;&gt; It looks honestly from here very ornate. &gt;&gt; It looks honestly from here very ornate. &gt;&gt; It looks honestly from here very ornate. Maybe a little spooky. Does look Maybe a little spooky. Does look Maybe a little spooky. Does look &gt;&gt; I think we may have found the Haunted &gt;&gt; I think we may have found the Haunted &gt;&gt; I think we may have found the Haunted Mansion tree. Mansion tree. Mansion tree. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. With an entire bride in it. You &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. With an entire bride in it. You &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. With an entire bride in it. You know what I love about this tree? It know what I love about this tree? It know what I love about this tree? It usually looks a little little dead. usually looks a little little dead. usually looks a little little dead. Look, they have the floating candalabra. Look, they have the floating candalabra. Look, they have the floating candalabra. &gt;&gt; Oh, I love that. Oh, and there's Leon's &gt;&gt; Oh, I love that. Oh, and there's Leon's &gt;&gt; Oh, I love that. Oh, and there's Leon's h gravestone. I wonder h gravestone. I wonder h gravestone. I wonder &gt;&gt; I think they are open. &gt;&gt; I think they are open. &gt;&gt; I think they are open. &gt;&gt; Oh, and look, there's a fancy lady, but &gt;&gt; Oh, and look, there's a fancy lady, but &gt;&gt; Oh, and look, there's a fancy lady, but she's a horse. she's a horse. she's a horse. &gt;&gt; That's insane. &gt;&gt; That's insane. &gt;&gt; That's insane. &gt;&gt; That's insane. Is that in the ride? &gt;&gt; That's insane. Is that in the ride? &gt;&gt; That's insane. Is that in the ride? &gt;&gt; No. No way. We would know if that was &gt;&gt; No. No way. We would know if that was &gt;&gt; No. No way. We would know if that was &gt;&gt; This is geography. It's got to be this &gt;&gt; This is geography. It's got to be this &gt;&gt; This is geography. It's got to be this one. Madame Leotaa. There she is. one. Madame Leotaa. There she is. one. Madame Leotaa. There she is. &gt;&gt; Beautiful. &gt;&gt; Beautiful. &gt;&gt; Beautiful. &gt;&gt; Now, we This is the world of This is &gt;&gt; Now, we This is the world of This is &gt;&gt; Now, we This is the world of This is World of Disney, right? No, that's World World of Disney, right? No, that's World World of Disney, right? No, that's World of Disney. of Disney. of Disney. &gt;&gt; This is World of Disney. So, I think &gt;&gt; This is World of Disney. So, I think &gt;&gt; This is World of Disney. So, I think let's go this way and then we can let's go this way and then we can let's go this way and then we can circle. We can circle through these like circle. We can circle through these like circle. We can circle through these like this. The map, I'm going to be honest, this. The map, I'm going to be honest, this. The map, I'm going to be honest, is not the most topographically accurate is not the most topographically accurate is not the most topographically accurate desired. Yes. If you're really if you're desired. Yes. If you're really if you're desired. Yes. If you're really if you're stranded looking for your way out, maybe stranded looking for your way out, maybe stranded looking for your way out, maybe don't trust this particular map. don't trust this particular map. don't trust this particular map. &gt;&gt; I'm not sure about uh if this is &gt;&gt; I'm not sure about uh if this is &gt;&gt; I'm not sure about uh if this is supposed to be a challenging uh supposed to be a challenging uh supposed to be a challenging uh activity, but we have somehow made it activity, but we have somehow made it activity, but we have somehow made it into a challenging activity. into a challenging activity. into a challenging activity. &gt;&gt; Ah, but you know what? &gt;&gt; Ah, but you know what? &gt;&gt; Ah, but you know what? &gt;&gt; Double tree. Okay. These are these are &gt;&gt; Double tree. Okay. These are these are &gt;&gt; Double tree. Okay. These are these are some snowshoes. some snowshoes. some snowshoes. &gt;&gt; I'm seeing I'm thinking frozen ever. Not &gt;&gt; I'm seeing I'm thinking frozen ever. Not &gt;&gt; I'm seeing I'm thinking frozen ever. Not ever after. This is something you've ever after. This is something you've ever after. This is something you've frozen. I'm thinking in Kanto. frozen. I'm thinking in Kanto. frozen. I'm thinking in Kanto. &gt;&gt; Uh I think that's definitely &gt;&gt; Uh I think that's definitely &gt;&gt; Uh I think that's definitely &gt;&gt; troll tree. &gt;&gt; troll tree. &gt;&gt; troll tree. &gt;&gt; Troll tree that this is giving. &gt;&gt; Troll tree that this is giving. &gt;&gt; Troll tree that this is giving. &gt;&gt; Also, we are playing in a way where we &gt;&gt; Also, we are playing in a way where we &gt;&gt; Also, we are playing in a way where we are figuring out which tree is which are figuring out which tree is which are figuring out which tree is which just by looks, but they do have signs to just by looks, but they do have signs to just by looks, but they do have signs to say them and show which sticker you say them and show which sticker you say them and show which sticker you should use. Annie contest over here. should use. Annie contest over here. should use. Annie contest over here. This has all the doors on it. Oh, and This has all the doors on it. Oh, and This has all the doors on it. Oh, and look by each door you have their sort of look by each door you have their sort of look by each door you have their sort of like symbols and stuff. like symbols and stuff. like symbols and stuff. &gt;&gt; You know what they say about Bruno? &gt;&gt; You know what they say about Bruno? &gt;&gt; You know what they say about Bruno? &gt;&gt; Nothing cuz they don't talk about him. &gt;&gt; Nothing cuz they don't talk about him. &gt;&gt; Nothing cuz they don't talk about him. No, his friends are wrapped. No, his friends are wrapped. No, his friends are wrapped. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; here is the Lego store. The one closer &gt;&gt; here is the Lego store. The one closer &gt;&gt; here is the Lego store. The one closer to the Lego store. to the Lego store. to the Lego store. &gt;&gt; This has got to be these two. &gt;&gt; This has got to be these two. &gt;&gt; This has got to be these two. &gt;&gt; So, this is closer to the Lego store. &gt;&gt; So, this is closer to the Lego store. &gt;&gt; So, this is closer to the Lego store. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And this is Mirabel &gt;&gt; And this is Mirabel &gt;&gt; And this is Mirabel &gt;&gt; right here. Seeming closer to the play &gt;&gt; right here. Seeming closer to the play &gt;&gt; right here. Seeming closer to the play pig. pig. pig. &gt;&gt; And then we're going to go left. &gt;&gt; And then we're going to go left. &gt;&gt; And then we're going to go left. &gt;&gt; Something was dripping on me and I was &gt;&gt; Something was dripping on me and I was &gt;&gt; Something was dripping on me and I was really freaked out. really freaked out. really freaked out. &gt;&gt; It's my hot chakra. &gt;&gt; It's my hot chakra. &gt;&gt; It's my hot chakra. &gt;&gt; Coco. &gt;&gt; Coco. &gt;&gt; Coco. &gt;&gt; Um, and now we go that way it looks &gt;&gt; Um, and now we go that way it looks &gt;&gt; Um, and now we go that way it looks like. like. like. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; But be good. Poor goodness. Ah, Cocoa &gt;&gt; But be good. Poor goodness. Ah, Cocoa &gt;&gt; But be good. Poor goodness. Ah, Cocoa tree. I can tell. Cocoa tree. tree. I can tell. Cocoa tree. tree. I can tell. Cocoa tree. &gt;&gt; It's your tree. &gt;&gt; It's your tree. &gt;&gt; It's your tree. &gt;&gt; Cocoa tree. &gt;&gt; Cocoa tree. &gt;&gt; Cocoa tree. &gt;&gt; Remember you. I remember that you love &gt;&gt; Remember you. I remember that you love &gt;&gt; Remember you. I remember that you love cocoa. cocoa. cocoa. &gt;&gt; I do love cocoa. And there's my tree. &gt;&gt; I do love cocoa. And there's my tree. &gt;&gt; I do love cocoa. And there's my tree. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's cute. You have to take a &gt;&gt; Oh, it's cute. You have to take a &gt;&gt; Oh, it's cute. You have to take a picture of you with the cocoa tree. picture of you with the cocoa tree. picture of you with the cocoa tree. &gt;&gt; I'm going to take a picture of you with &gt;&gt; I'm going to take a picture of you with &gt;&gt; I'm going to take a picture of you with the tree. the tree. the tree. &gt;&gt; That's what I said. &gt;&gt; That's what I said. &gt;&gt; That's what I said. &gt;&gt; Oh, I thought you were like, I'm going &gt;&gt; Oh, I thought you were like, I'm going &gt;&gt; Oh, I thought you were like, I'm going to take a picture of you with the co to take a picture of you with the co to take a picture of you with the co That's really nice to take a picture of That's really nice to take a picture of That's really nice to take a picture of you with the coconut. you with the coconut. you with the coconut. &gt;&gt; You're really nice that you want a &gt;&gt; You're really nice that you want a &gt;&gt; You're really nice that you want a picture of me with your favorite picture of me with your favorite picture of me with your favorite &gt;&gt; with your favorite treat. &gt;&gt; with your favorite treat. &gt;&gt; with your favorite treat. Look at all the family pictures on it. Look at all the family pictures on it. Look at all the family pictures on it. Oh, it's cool. Oh, it's cool. Oh, it's cool. &gt;&gt; Okay, we have Miguel and we've got Lego &gt;&gt; Okay, we have Miguel and we've got Lego &gt;&gt; Okay, we have Miguel and we've got Lego store again. store again. store again. &gt;&gt; Cuz there's one up there, too. &gt;&gt; Cuz there's one up there, too. &gt;&gt; Cuz there's one up there, too. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Okay. And then that looks to me like a &gt;&gt; Okay. And then that looks to me like a &gt;&gt; Okay. And then that looks to me like a Nightmare Before Christmas tree. All Nightmare Before Christmas tree. All Nightmare Before Christmas tree. All right. Do you think it's a Halloween right. Do you think it's a Halloween right. Do you think it's a Halloween movie or a Christmas movie? movie or a Christmas movie? movie or a Christmas movie? &gt;&gt; I think it's a Merry Christmas Halloween &gt;&gt; I think it's a Merry Christmas Halloween &gt;&gt; I think it's a Merry Christmas Halloween movie. movie. movie. &gt;&gt; I would agree. I actually Well, &gt;&gt; I would agree. I actually Well, &gt;&gt; I would agree. I actually Well, actually, I disagree. I mean, I do think actually, I disagree. I mean, I do think actually, I disagree. I mean, I do think it's a Merry Christmas movie. it's a Merry Christmas movie. it's a Merry Christmas movie. &gt;&gt; I think it's a salute to Christmas from &gt;&gt; I think it's a salute to Christmas from &gt;&gt; I think it's a salute to Christmas from Halloween. I agree with that. I think Halloween. I agree with that. I think Halloween. I agree with that. I think it's a Halloween movie. Um, my dad it's a Halloween movie. Um, my dad it's a Halloween movie. Um, my dad famously hates this movie because he's famously hates this movie because he's famously hates this movie because he's like so mad because it's not a Christmas like so mad because it's not a Christmas like so mad because it's not a Christmas movie. It like really bothers him. movie. It like really bothers him. movie. It like really bothers him. &gt;&gt; Well, &gt;&gt; Well, &gt;&gt; Well, that sounds like a him problem. that sounds like a him problem. that sounds like a him problem. [laughter] &gt;&gt; This one This looks super cute. Some of &gt;&gt; This one This looks super cute. Some of &gt;&gt; This one This looks super cute. Some of the trees do have magic band the trees do have magic band the trees do have magic band interaction. So, if you have a magic and interaction. So, if you have a magic and interaction. So, if you have a magic and plus, make sure to wear it cuz if you do plus, make sure to wear it cuz if you do plus, make sure to wear it cuz if you do some magic of the trees, you just might some magic of the trees, you just might some magic of the trees, you just might see a little extra something. see a little extra something. see a little extra something. &gt;&gt; And I have Jack Skellington right here. &gt;&gt; And I have Jack Skellington right here. &gt;&gt; And I have Jack Skellington right here. And And And &gt;&gt; nice. We're in business, baby. &gt;&gt; nice. We're in business, baby. &gt;&gt; nice. We're in business, baby. &gt;&gt; We are We are like &gt;&gt; We are We are like &gt;&gt; We are We are like &gt;&gt; We're cooking. &gt;&gt; We're cooking. &gt;&gt; We're cooking. &gt;&gt; Only that many. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 &gt;&gt; Only that many. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 &gt;&gt; Only that many. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 &gt;&gt; All right, Santa. Now, is it actually &gt;&gt; All right, Santa. Now, is it actually &gt;&gt; All right, Santa. Now, is it actually Santa or is it a Santa Claus T-Rex? Santa or is it a Santa Claus T-Rex? Santa or is it a Santa Claus T-Rex? &gt;&gt; That does seem a bit like false &gt;&gt; That does seem a bit like false &gt;&gt; That does seem a bit like false advertising if it's not Santa TR. advertising if it's not Santa TR. advertising if it's not Santa TR. &gt;&gt; And you want to know what I'd go if it &gt;&gt; And you want to know what I'd go if it &gt;&gt; And you want to know what I'd go if it were Santa TR, were Santa TR, were Santa TR, &gt;&gt; too. I think it's probably a good idea &gt;&gt; too. I think it's probably a good idea &gt;&gt; too. I think it's probably a good idea for them to look into that if it's not. for them to look into that if it's not. for them to look into that if it's not. &gt;&gt; I agree. Uh I just have to swing by and &gt;&gt; I agree. Uh I just have to swing by and &gt;&gt; I agree. Uh I just have to swing by and say hello to the Disney Springs Lambs say hello to the Disney Springs Lambs say hello to the Disney Springs Lambs for Angie and because they have a for Angie and because they have a for Angie and because they have a Christmas makeover as well with their Christmas makeover as well with their Christmas makeover as well with their poinsettas in their bow. So hello to the poinsettas in their bow. So hello to the poinsettas in their bow. So hello to the Christmas lambs from Angie. Season's Christmas lambs from Angie. Season's Christmas lambs from Angie. Season's greetings from Disney Springs where you greetings from Disney Springs where you greetings from Disney Springs where you love. love. love. &gt;&gt; Season's greetings from Disney Springs. &gt;&gt; Season's greetings from Disney Springs. &gt;&gt; Season's greetings from Disney Springs. Is that what you wanted me to say? Is that what you wanted me to say? Is that what you wanted me to say? &gt;&gt; No, I you could have Oh, you were &gt;&gt; No, I you could have Oh, you were &gt;&gt; No, I you could have Oh, you were telling it to me. telling it to me. telling it to me. &gt;&gt; I was telling you season. &gt;&gt; I was telling you season. &gt;&gt; I was telling you season. &gt;&gt; Oh, I'm sorry. I'm like a show pony. &gt;&gt; Oh, I'm sorry. I'm like a show pony. &gt;&gt; Oh, I'm sorry. I'm like a show pony. &gt;&gt; You are like &gt;&gt; You are like &gt;&gt; You are like &gt;&gt; You tell me to perform. You give me my &gt;&gt; You tell me to perform. You give me my &gt;&gt; You tell me to perform. You give me my &gt;&gt; You know a dress? &gt;&gt; You know a dress? &gt;&gt; You know a dress? &gt;&gt; A massage? &gt;&gt; A massage? &gt;&gt; A massage? &gt;&gt; D. &gt;&gt; D. &gt;&gt; D. &gt;&gt; I guess I could. &gt;&gt; I guess I could. &gt;&gt; I guess I could. &gt;&gt; You don't know what a dress is? &gt;&gt; You don't know what a dress is? &gt;&gt; You don't know what a dress is? &gt;&gt; Should I wear a special outfit? Do you &gt;&gt; Should I wear a special outfit? Do you &gt;&gt; Should I wear a special outfit? Do you have one of those tables? have one of those tables? have one of those tables? &gt;&gt; It's a little horse stand. I'll put a D. &gt;&gt; It's a little horse stand. I'll put a D. &gt;&gt; It's a little horse stand. I'll put a D. &gt;&gt; Oh, really? &gt;&gt; Oh, really? &gt;&gt; Oh, really? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I've never &gt;&gt; I've never &gt;&gt; I've never &gt;&gt; Yeah. In horse shows they like they like &gt;&gt; Yeah. In horse shows they like they like &gt;&gt; Yeah. In horse shows they like they like do like special do like special do like special &gt;&gt; kind of. It is kind of like that. But &gt;&gt; kind of. It is kind of like that. But &gt;&gt; kind of. It is kind of like that. But it's a horse doing it. You're kind of it's a horse doing it. You're kind of it's a horse doing it. You're kind of You're kind of doing it. You're kind of doing it. You're kind of doing it. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. It's kind of like this. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. It's kind of like this. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. It's kind of like this. &gt;&gt; And is it &gt;&gt; And is it &gt;&gt; And is it Yeah. Is this getting cut from the Yeah. Is this getting cut from the Yeah. Is this getting cut from the video? Definitely. video? Definitely. video? Definitely. &gt;&gt; I don't know about the whole Dr. part. I &gt;&gt; I don't know about the whole Dr. part. I &gt;&gt; I don't know about the whole Dr. part. I actually am enjoying it. actually am enjoying it. actually am enjoying it. &gt;&gt; It depends on who's editing this. &gt;&gt; It depends on who's editing this. &gt;&gt; It depends on who's editing this. &gt;&gt; It does depend on who's editing. &gt;&gt; It does depend on who's editing. &gt;&gt; It does depend on who's editing. &gt;&gt; If you're seeing this right now, it's &gt;&gt; If you're seeing this right now, it's &gt;&gt; If you're seeing this right now, it's because one of our editors was very because one of our editors was very because one of our editors was very permissive about permissive about permissive about &gt;&gt; not running in Disney World. That was a &gt;&gt; not running in Disney World. That was a &gt;&gt; not running in Disney World. That was a vis. vis. vis. &gt;&gt; It was a dress. &gt;&gt; It was a dress. &gt;&gt; It was a dress. &gt;&gt; Dress. &gt;&gt; Dress. &gt;&gt; Dress. &gt;&gt; We found the main tree, the town tree. &gt;&gt; We found the main tree, the town tree. &gt;&gt; We found the main tree, the town tree. This one's easy. This one's easy. This one's easy. &gt;&gt; Is the dress a competition? &gt;&gt; Is the dress a competition? &gt;&gt; Is the dress a competition? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Good. So, the misang I won within a &gt;&gt; Good. So, the misang I won within a &gt;&gt; Good. So, the misang I won within a couple. couple. couple. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. D is a competition. Uh, this &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. D is a competition. Uh, this &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. D is a competition. Uh, this is obviously the big tree, the is obviously the big tree, the is obviously the big tree, the centerpiece tree for Disney Springs. centerpiece tree for Disney Springs. centerpiece tree for Disney Springs. It's very beautiful. All four parks do It's very beautiful. All four parks do It's very beautiful. All four parks do have their own very beautiful, tall, have their own very beautiful, tall, have their own very beautiful, tall, sky-high Christmas trees. And you know sky-high Christmas trees. And you know sky-high Christmas trees. And you know what, Breedlove? I think they should what, Breedlove? I think they should what, Breedlove? I think they should watch a glamourshot music video of all watch a glamourshot music video of all watch a glamourshot music video of all those beautiful trees. Don't you think? those beautiful trees. Don't you think? those beautiful trees. Don't you think? &gt;&gt; A montage. &gt;&gt; A montage. &gt;&gt; A montage. &gt;&gt; A montage &gt;&gt; A montage &gt;&gt; A montage &gt;&gt; of Christmas trees. &gt;&gt; of Christmas trees. &gt;&gt; of Christmas trees. &gt;&gt; I think they should watch one. Luckily, &gt;&gt; I think they should watch one. Luckily, &gt;&gt; I think they should watch one. Luckily, we have one for them now. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Also really helpful even if you're not &gt;&gt; Also really helpful even if you're not &gt;&gt; Also really helpful even if you're not doing a Christmas tree stroll like we doing a Christmas tree stroll like we doing a Christmas tree stroll like we are. Sorry I'm in the way. Don't put it are. Sorry I'm in the way. Don't put it are. Sorry I'm in the way. Don't put it on the holiday brass span. You can see on the holiday brass span. You can see on the holiday brass span. You can see all of the Christmas offerings and all of the Christmas offerings and all of the Christmas offerings and Christmas discounts that are available Christmas discounts that are available Christmas discounts that are available uh in this pamphlet. So, you might want uh in this pamphlet. So, you might want uh in this pamphlet. So, you might want to pick one up even if you're not doing to pick one up even if you're not doing to pick one up even if you're not doing the stroll. the stroll. the stroll. &gt;&gt; Preh holidays Lego discount. Wow. &gt;&gt; Preh holidays Lego discount. Wow. &gt;&gt; Preh holidays Lego discount. Wow. &gt;&gt; Three Lego botanicals with a purchase of &gt;&gt; Three Lego botanicals with a purchase of &gt;&gt; Three Lego botanicals with a purchase of $40 or more. That's actually really $40 or more. That's actually really $40 or more. That's actually really good. good. good. &gt;&gt; That's more than a stocking stuffer. &gt;&gt; That's more than a stocking stuffer. &gt;&gt; That's more than a stocking stuffer. That's a tree topper. That's a tree topper. That's a tree topper. &gt;&gt; That's a tree topper. That's good. I &gt;&gt; That's a tree topper. That's good. I &gt;&gt; That's a tree topper. That's good. I like nod. Yeah. like nod. Yeah. like nod. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Silent wavely boys. &gt;&gt; Silent wavely boys. &gt;&gt; Silent wavely boys. &gt;&gt; Can I do this before I forget? &gt;&gt; Can I do this before I forget? &gt;&gt; Can I do this before I forget? &gt;&gt; Yes. I've got a onetracked mind and it's &gt;&gt; Yes. I've got a onetracked mind and it's &gt;&gt; Yes. I've got a onetracked mind and it's sticking stickers on trees. sticking stickers on trees. sticking stickers on trees. &gt;&gt; It's this one. Is it this one? &gt;&gt; It's this one. Is it this one? &gt;&gt; It's this one. Is it this one? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Which is crazy cuz it's that's not &gt;&gt; Yeah. Which is crazy cuz it's that's not &gt;&gt; Yeah. Which is crazy cuz it's that's not Yeah. The map again. Something to be Yeah. The map again. Something to be Yeah. The map again. Something to be desired. desired. desired. &gt;&gt; You have to believe. You have to &gt;&gt; You have to believe. You have to &gt;&gt; You have to believe. You have to believe. believe. believe. &gt;&gt; And use your imagination. &gt;&gt; And use your imagination. &gt;&gt; And use your imagination. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I've I have selected our pathway &gt;&gt; Yeah. I've I have selected our pathway &gt;&gt; Yeah. I've I have selected our pathway though. We're going to go this way. Oh, though. We're going to go this way. Oh, though. We're going to go this way. Oh, this is a good tree. So, this is the this is a good tree. So, this is the this is a good tree. So, this is the parks tree, right? This is the Disney parks tree, right? This is the Disney parks tree, right? This is the Disney World tree. It's got it because it's got World tree. It's got it because it's got World tree. It's got it because it's got the it's got the celebration buttons. the it's got the celebration buttons. the it's got the celebration buttons. &gt;&gt; Yes. And it has Look at that. &gt;&gt; Yes. And it has Look at that. &gt;&gt; Yes. And it has Look at that. &gt;&gt; Living with the land. And it has a spot &gt;&gt; Living with the land. And it has a spot &gt;&gt; Living with the land. And it has a spot for you to scan into the park. for you to scan into the park. for you to scan into the park. &gt;&gt; You see Living with the Land right above &gt;&gt; You see Living with the Land right above &gt;&gt; You see Living with the Land right above us. us. us. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. Here we go. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. Here we go. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. Here we go. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; we scanned blue. &gt;&gt; we scanned blue. &gt;&gt; we scanned blue. &gt;&gt; Oh, we don't have a reservation. &gt;&gt; Oh, we don't have a reservation. &gt;&gt; Oh, we don't have a reservation. &gt;&gt; Um, there's Filra Safaris. This is cool. &gt;&gt; Um, there's Filra Safaris. This is cool. &gt;&gt; Um, there's Filra Safaris. This is cool. It's representing a bunch of attractions It's representing a bunch of attractions It's representing a bunch of attractions I didn't expect them to represent. Love I didn't expect them to represent. Love I didn't expect them to represent. Love I want these ornaments in a normal size I want these ornaments in a normal size I want these ornaments in a normal size for my normal size. for my normal size. for my normal size. &gt;&gt; Astro Orbiter. &gt;&gt; Astro Orbiter. &gt;&gt; Astro Orbiter. &gt;&gt; This is cool. There's a Montreal. &gt;&gt; This is cool. There's a Montreal. &gt;&gt; This is cool. There's a Montreal. &gt;&gt; I love the balloons and the Mickey bar &gt;&gt; I love the balloons and the Mickey bar &gt;&gt; I love the balloons and the Mickey bar Garland. Can you see that? Oh my gosh. Garland. Can you see that? Oh my gosh. Garland. Can you see that? Oh my gosh. &gt;&gt; The tree. &gt;&gt; The tree. &gt;&gt; The tree. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. Barnard garlands. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. Barnard garlands. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. Barnard garlands. &gt;&gt; And look, this one's made out of &gt;&gt; And look, this one's made out of &gt;&gt; And look, this one's made out of &gt;&gt; perspective. That one's made out of &gt;&gt; perspective. That one's made out of &gt;&gt; perspective. That one's made out of heart tops. heart tops. heart tops. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. &gt;&gt; Okay. Uh I know. I know that we didn't &gt;&gt; Okay. Uh I know. I know that we didn't &gt;&gt; Okay. Uh I know. I know that we didn't talk about this, but I think we should talk about this, but I think we should talk about this, but I think we should pick our favorite tree. And so far, this pick our favorite tree. And so far, this pick our favorite tree. And so far, this is my excited because we both is my excited because we both is my excited because we both and I love the cocoa tree. But the cocoa and I love the cocoa tree. But the cocoa and I love the cocoa tree. But the cocoa tree at one side that was really good tree at one side that was really good tree at one side that was really good and the rest of it was pretty. This is and the rest of it was pretty. This is and the rest of it was pretty. This is really I mean there's so much to see on really I mean there's so much to see on really I mean there's so much to see on this tree. this tree. this tree. &gt;&gt; You know what this is? &gt;&gt; You know what this is? &gt;&gt; You know what this is? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; It's the exholder tree. Is this the AP &gt;&gt; It's the exholder tree. Is this the AP &gt;&gt; It's the exholder tree. Is this the AP tree? Wow. Well, I mean, this is really tree? Wow. Well, I mean, this is really tree? Wow. Well, I mean, this is really cool, actually. cool, actually. cool, actually. &gt;&gt; It really is. Oh, yes. And look, because &gt;&gt; It really is. Oh, yes. And look, because &gt;&gt; It really is. Oh, yes. And look, because there is a sign. there is a sign. there is a sign. &gt;&gt; It's Was it what confirmed it's the AP &gt;&gt; It's Was it what confirmed it's the AP &gt;&gt; It's Was it what confirmed it's the AP tree? Wow. This is awesome. It's like tree? Wow. This is awesome. It's like tree? Wow. This is awesome. It's like it's basically a Disney World tree, it's basically a Disney World tree, it's basically a Disney World tree, though. They just call it No, it's an though. They just call it No, it's an though. They just call it No, it's an angel passer tree. It says on the sign, angel passer tree. It says on the sign, angel passer tree. It says on the sign, right? It is. right? It is. right? It is. &gt;&gt; They're calling it that. So, at &gt;&gt; They're calling it that. So, at &gt;&gt; They're calling it that. So, at Passholders, they have something Passholders, they have something Passholders, they have something special. special. special. &gt;&gt; Kilamanjaro safaris. &gt;&gt; Kilamanjaro safaris. &gt;&gt; Kilamanjaro safaris. &gt;&gt; This is so cool. It &gt;&gt; This is so cool. It &gt;&gt; This is so cool. It &gt;&gt; This tree has got it all. Well, we've &gt;&gt; This tree has got it all. Well, we've &gt;&gt; This tree has got it all. Well, we've got two in this hallway together. One's got two in this hallway together. One's got two in this hallway together. One's that way. That way. that way. That way. that way. That way. &gt;&gt; The first one is this one. The AP. &gt;&gt; The first one is this one. The AP. &gt;&gt; The first one is this one. The AP. &gt;&gt; Oo. &gt;&gt; Oo. &gt;&gt; Oo. &gt;&gt; Boom. Let's see what the next one is. &gt;&gt; Boom. Let's see what the next one is. &gt;&gt; Boom. Let's see what the next one is. &gt;&gt; I am not. &gt;&gt; I am not. &gt;&gt; I am not. &gt;&gt; It looks like Hello Kitty. I actually &gt;&gt; It looks like Hello Kitty. I actually &gt;&gt; It looks like Hello Kitty. I actually know what that is. You do. know what that is. You do. know what that is. You do. &gt;&gt; It's from Toy Story. &gt;&gt; It's from Toy Story. &gt;&gt; It's from Toy Story. &gt;&gt; That's from Toy Story. This is a Toy &gt;&gt; That's from Toy Story. This is a Toy &gt;&gt; That's from Toy Story. This is a Toy Story tree. Story tree. Story tree. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Oh, I see Slinky. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, I see Slinky. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, I see Slinky. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What? What? Which which Toy Story Yeah. What? What? Which which Toy Story Yeah. What? What? Which which Toy Story is that in? is that in? is that in? &gt;&gt; Okay. I have to be honest with you. I &gt;&gt; Okay. I have to be honest with you. I &gt;&gt; Okay. I have to be honest with you. I think it's I can't remember. Okay. But I think it's I can't remember. Okay. But I think it's I can't remember. Okay. But I know there's one where there are know there's one where there are know there's one where there are Christmas decorations and Christmas decorations and Christmas decorations and &gt;&gt; it's probably I think it's four &gt;&gt; it's probably I think it's four &gt;&gt; it's probably I think it's four &gt;&gt; the decorations inspired other character &gt;&gt; the decorations inspired other character &gt;&gt; the decorations inspired other character that's so cute. Maybe it is the kitty. that's so cute. Maybe it is the kitty. that's so cute. Maybe it is the kitty. &gt;&gt; I wish we could buy fry these alien &gt;&gt; I wish we could buy fry these alien &gt;&gt; I wish we could buy fry these alien ornaments. ornaments. ornaments. &gt;&gt; Those are so cute. &gt;&gt; Those are so cute. &gt;&gt; Those are so cute. &gt;&gt; I have some really sad news. Quincy, &gt;&gt; I have some really sad news. Quincy, &gt;&gt; I have some really sad news. Quincy, &gt;&gt; he was just in the What happened? Did &gt;&gt; he was just in the What happened? Did &gt;&gt; he was just in the What happened? Did you put a sticker in the wrong place? you put a sticker in the wrong place? you put a sticker in the wrong place? &gt;&gt; Uh no. We're more than halfway through &gt;&gt; Uh no. We're more than halfway through &gt;&gt; Uh no. We're more than halfway through the stroll. the stroll. the stroll. &gt;&gt; That actually does make me sad. I wish &gt;&gt; That actually does make me sad. I wish &gt;&gt; That actually does make me sad. I wish there was a way that we could stretch there was a way that we could stretch there was a way that we could stretch this out and make it last longer and this out and make it last longer and this out and make it last longer and like I don't know, sit down and have a like I don't know, sit down and have a like I don't know, sit down and have a cheery beverage. cheery beverage. cheery beverage. &gt;&gt; It would be so cool if this stroll took &gt;&gt; It would be so cool if this stroll took &gt;&gt; It would be so cool if this stroll took place in Disney Springs where there's so place in Disney Springs where there's so place in Disney Springs where there's so many options for wonderful food and many options for wonderful food and many options for wonderful food and beverage and shopping experiences, beverage and shopping experiences, beverage and shopping experiences, including some that are even to the including some that are even to the including some that are even to the holidays. holidays. holidays. &gt;&gt; That would be cool. Oh well. &gt;&gt; That would be cool. Oh well. &gt;&gt; That would be cool. Oh well. &gt;&gt; Oh well. So, this is Jack Lindsay's. Now, this is So, this is Jack Lindsay's. Now, this is So, this is Jack Lindsay's. Now, this is an Indiana Jones themed bar actually an Indiana Jones themed bar actually an Indiana Jones themed bar actually themed to the pilot from Indiana Jones. themed to the pilot from Indiana Jones. themed to the pilot from Indiana Jones. Um, it is very popular as you can see Um, it is very popular as you can see Um, it is very popular as you can see even pretty early in the day. Uh, it is even pretty early in the day. Uh, it is even pretty early in the day. Uh, it is popping. Lots of people are here. But popping. Lots of people are here. But popping. Lots of people are here. But they have their extended seating open they have their extended seating open they have their extended seating open with a boat. We can get attacked by with a boat. We can get attacked by with a boat. We can get attacked by these birds. All right. Out of here. Out these birds. All right. Out of here. Out these birds. All right. Out of here. Out of here. Get out of here. The bar is the of here. Get out of here. The bar is the of here. Get out of here. The bar is the Jock Lindsay who is the pilot from Jock Lindsay who is the pilot from Jock Lindsay who is the pilot from Indiana Jones. And all year it's open as Indiana Jones. And all year it's open as Indiana Jones. And all year it's open as a really cool themed bar with really a really cool themed bar with really a really cool themed bar with really great drinks and honestly really great great drinks and honestly really great great drinks and honestly really great like bar eats as well. It's great place like bar eats as well. It's great place like bar eats as well. It's great place for lunch. But at Christmas time they do for lunch. But at Christmas time they do for lunch. But at Christmas time they do a Christmas version of the bar. And this a Christmas version of the bar. And this a Christmas version of the bar. And this year they did a Halloween version too year they did a Halloween version too year they did a Halloween version too which was wild and new and very cool. Um which was wild and new and very cool. Um which was wild and new and very cool. Um but we are here for some seasonal but we are here for some seasonal but we are here for some seasonal appetizers, seasonal libations. We're appetizers, seasonal libations. We're appetizers, seasonal libations. We're going to have a little a little break. going to have a little a little break. going to have a little a little break. Turkey egg rolls. Holiday spritz has Turkey egg rolls. Holiday spritz has Turkey egg rolls. Holiday spritz has arrived. There are very few things that arrived. There are very few things that arrived. There are very few things that breed love can eat or drink here. breed love can eat or drink here. breed love can eat or drink here. There's some non-alcoholic stuff, but There's some non-alcoholic stuff, but There's some non-alcoholic stuff, but also it's kind of 11:00 a.m. So I'm also it's kind of 11:00 a.m. So I'm also it's kind of 11:00 a.m. So I'm having our our holiday stuff for us. Got having our our holiday stuff for us. Got having our our holiday stuff for us. Got this. And then also a quick snack of this. And then also a quick snack of this. And then also a quick snack of meatballs, which I'm hoping is not meatballs, which I'm hoping is not meatballs, which I'm hoping is not ginormous. Uh, but they sounded really ginormous. Uh, but they sounded really ginormous. Uh, but they sounded really good, so I panicked and ordered them. good, so I panicked and ordered them. good, so I panicked and ordered them. But this is the holiday spritz. It is But this is the holiday spritz. It is But this is the holiday spritz. It is abberal laor cranberry juice, smoked abberal laor cranberry juice, smoked abberal laor cranberry juice, smoked cranberry syrup, and a procco garnished cranberry syrup, and a procco garnished cranberry syrup, and a procco garnished with a rosemary sprig. And it's with a rosemary sprig. And it's with a rosemary sprig. And it's beautiful. Looks like a Christmas beautiful. Looks like a Christmas beautiful. Looks like a Christmas sponge. sponge. sponge. &gt;&gt; Very festive. &gt;&gt; Very festive. &gt;&gt; Very festive. &gt;&gt; Very festive. &gt;&gt; Very festive. &gt;&gt; Very festive. &gt;&gt; I love rosemary. Maybe I'll just squeeze &gt;&gt; I love rosemary. Maybe I'll just squeeze &gt;&gt; I love rosemary. Maybe I'll just squeeze a little sprig between my fingers and a little sprig between my fingers and a little sprig between my fingers and smell it spirit. smell it spirit. smell it spirit. &gt;&gt; You're going to love it. &gt;&gt; You're going to love it. &gt;&gt; You're going to love it. &gt;&gt; Christmas. Cheers. Christmas cheer. You kiss it a little. You kiss it a little. You kiss it a little. &gt;&gt; There's mistletoe. &gt;&gt; There's mistletoe. &gt;&gt; There's mistletoe. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's rosemary. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's rosemary. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's rosemary. &gt;&gt; Oh. &gt;&gt; Oh. &gt;&gt; Oh. &gt;&gt; Ooh. But this is a very well done &gt;&gt; Ooh. But this is a very well done &gt;&gt; Ooh. But this is a very well done spritz. spritz. spritz. &gt;&gt; Good. I'm sorry for kissing it. Now I &gt;&gt; Good. I'm sorry for kissing it. Now I &gt;&gt; Good. I'm sorry for kissing it. Now I &gt;&gt; That was the outside of the glass. &gt;&gt; That was the outside of the glass. &gt;&gt; That was the outside of the glass. &gt;&gt; I know. &gt;&gt; I know. &gt;&gt; I know. &gt;&gt; Um it would be crazy if you kiss the &gt;&gt; Um it would be crazy if you kiss the &gt;&gt; Um it would be crazy if you kiss the inside of the glass. inside of the glass. inside of the glass. &gt;&gt; It would be wet. &gt;&gt; It would be wet. &gt;&gt; It would be wet. &gt;&gt; Although kind of when you take a sip of &gt;&gt; Although kind of when you take a sip of &gt;&gt; Although kind of when you take a sip of something, that's what you're doing. something, that's what you're doing. something, that's what you're doing. &gt;&gt; That's kind of true. Whenever you have a &gt;&gt; That's kind of true. Whenever you have a &gt;&gt; That's kind of true. Whenever you have a drink of anything, you're just giving it drink of anything, you're just giving it drink of anything, you're just giving it a little kiss. a little kiss. a little kiss. &gt;&gt; A little kiss. Uh this is very tasty. &gt;&gt; A little kiss. Uh this is very tasty. &gt;&gt; A little kiss. Uh this is very tasty. very balanced. The apperal flavor is very balanced. The apperal flavor is very balanced. The apperal flavor is coming through in a very strong way coming through in a very strong way coming through in a very strong way where there's a lot of bitterness on the where there's a lot of bitterness on the where there's a lot of bitterness on the like pennis with it. Um, but I'm getting like pennis with it. Um, but I'm getting like pennis with it. Um, but I'm getting a lot of the cranberry on the front and a lot of the cranberry on the front and a lot of the cranberry on the front and it's very very sweet. So, it's creating it's very very sweet. So, it's creating it's very very sweet. So, it's creating sort of a balance. That said, appperol sort of a balance. That said, appperol sort of a balance. That said, appperol is a very overpowering flavor. While is a very overpowering flavor. While is a very overpowering flavor. While it's in my mouth, I love the balance and it's in my mouth, I love the balance and it's in my mouth, I love the balance and then afterwards I'm just getting a ton then afterwards I'm just getting a ton then afterwards I'm just getting a ton of the apperol just staying in my mouth. of the apperol just staying in my mouth. of the apperol just staying in my mouth. Um, it is not, however, as aggressive as Um, it is not, however, as aggressive as Um, it is not, however, as aggressive as like an appperol spritz. It's a little like an appperol spritz. It's a little like an appperol spritz. It's a little more balanced and it definitely tastes more balanced and it definitely tastes more balanced and it definitely tastes very Christmy and it looks very very Christmy and it looks very very Christmy and it looks very Christmassy. So, the vibes are good. And Christmassy. So, the vibes are good. And Christmassy. So, the vibes are good. And now we wait for meatballs while I drink now we wait for meatballs while I drink now we wait for meatballs while I drink this. this. this. &gt;&gt; Sounds like a great day. &gt;&gt; Sounds like a great day. &gt;&gt; Sounds like a great day. &gt;&gt; Because the paper straw was annoying, I &gt;&gt; Because the paper straw was annoying, I &gt;&gt; Because the paper straw was annoying, I decided to try to sip it from the side. decided to try to sip it from the side. decided to try to sip it from the side. And it's way better that way. [laughter] [snorts] [snorts] [snorts] Are you guys okay? [laughter] Are you guys okay? [laughter] Are you guys okay? [laughter] I tried sipping this uh out of the side I tried sipping this uh out of the side I tried sipping this uh out of the side because paper straws are annoying and because paper straws are annoying and because paper straws are annoying and it's way better that way. You can smell it's way better that way. You can smell it's way better that way. You can smell the rosemary more so you get the the rosemary more so you get the the rosemary more so you get the aromatics of the rosemary, right? You aromatics of the rosemary, right? You aromatics of the rosemary, right? You don't get it all with the straw. Um, and don't get it all with the straw. Um, and don't get it all with the straw. Um, and the ice helps to temper. And the very the ice helps to temper. And the very the ice helps to temper. And the very cold cold top of the ice helps to temper cold cold top of the ice helps to temper cold cold top of the ice helps to temper it. If you get this, drink it out of the it. If you get this, drink it out of the it. If you get this, drink it out of the glass like you were having a wine, not glass like you were having a wine, not glass like you were having a wine, not with a straw. This is way better without with a straw. This is way better without with a straw. This is way better without it. Way better. I mean, falls have it. Way better. I mean, falls have it. Way better. I mean, falls have arrived. Uh, and truly, one, good news arrived. Uh, and truly, one, good news arrived. Uh, and truly, one, good news is a reasonable portion for one person, is a reasonable portion for one person, is a reasonable portion for one person, and two, you're not ready for this. and two, you're not ready for this. and two, you're not ready for this. They're in a sleigh. This is so hokey. They're in a sleigh. This is so hokey. They're in a sleigh. This is so hokey. We were talking about how nobody else We were talking about how nobody else We were talking about how nobody else really does this. really does this. really does this. &gt;&gt; Slay. &gt;&gt; Slay. &gt;&gt; Slay. &gt;&gt; Slay. Nobody slay like &gt;&gt; Slay. Nobody slay like &gt;&gt; Slay. Nobody slay like &gt;&gt; slays. thing like Jock Lindsay's hanger &gt;&gt; slays. thing like Jock Lindsay's hanger &gt;&gt; slays. thing like Jock Lindsay's hanger bar. They just do like hokey like silly bar. They just do like hokey like silly bar. They just do like hokey like silly servings like it's like servings like it's like servings like it's like &gt;&gt; this is something you might receive a &gt;&gt; this is something you might receive a &gt;&gt; this is something you might receive a gift gift basket inside of full of gift gift basket inside of full of gift gift basket inside of full of maybe. maybe. maybe. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you might get hot chocolate like &gt;&gt; Yeah, you might get hot chocolate like &gt;&gt; Yeah, you might get hot chocolate like as a gift but wrapped in but today as a gift but wrapped in but today as a gift but wrapped in but today you're getting meatballs. you're getting meatballs. you're getting meatballs. &gt;&gt; You're getting meatballs and hopefully &gt;&gt; You're getting meatballs and hopefully &gt;&gt; You're getting meatballs and hopefully they're good. Um honestly they look good they're good. Um honestly they look good they're good. Um honestly they look good and they smell good. They are maple and they smell good. They are maple and they smell good. They are maple bourbon meatballs, Granny Smith apple bourbon meatballs, Granny Smith apple bourbon meatballs, Granny Smith apple and cranberry chenny and thyme. They're and cranberry chenny and thyme. They're and cranberry chenny and thyme. They're called mine cart meatballs. mine car called mine cart meatballs. mine car called mine cart meatballs. mine car meatballs, which is funny to me because meatballs, which is funny to me because meatballs, which is funny to me because nothing here has anything to do with a nothing here has anything to do with a nothing here has anything to do with a minecart. Do you think they thought they minecart. Do you think they thought they minecart. Do you think they thought they were gonna be served in a mine cart? were gonna be served in a mine cart? were gonna be served in a mine cart? &gt;&gt; It reminds me of of Knottberry Farm a &gt;&gt; It reminds me of of Knottberry Farm a &gt;&gt; It reminds me of of Knottberry Farm a little bit. There's a famous mine cart little bit. There's a famous mine cart little bit. There's a famous mine cart ride on that. And there's also the Seven ride on that. And there's also the Seven ride on that. And there's also the Seven Dwarfs mine cart frame. Dwarfs mine cart frame. Dwarfs mine cart frame. &gt;&gt; And Big Thunder. &gt;&gt; And Big Thunder. &gt;&gt; And Big Thunder. &gt;&gt; And Big Thunder. So, it's a presents. &gt;&gt; And Big Thunder. So, it's a presents. &gt;&gt; And Big Thunder. So, it's a presents. &gt;&gt; These are good. &gt;&gt; These are good. &gt;&gt; These are good. &gt;&gt; Are they giving you a holiday dinner all &gt;&gt; Are they giving you a holiday dinner all &gt;&gt; Are they giving you a holiday dinner all wrapped up in one? wrapped up in one? wrapped up in one? &gt;&gt; They're giving me holiday parties. &gt;&gt; They're giving me holiday parties. &gt;&gt; They're giving me holiday parties. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's why. My favorite holiday &gt;&gt; Oh, that's why. My favorite holiday &gt;&gt; Oh, that's why. My favorite holiday party or derb is those crock-pot party or derb is those crock-pot party or derb is those crock-pot meatballs with grape jelly is how we meatballs with grape jelly is how we meatballs with grape jelly is how we make them. These are kind of having the make them. These are kind of having the make them. These are kind of having the same effect because they have the same effect because they have the same effect because they have the acidity of the apple and then the acidity of the apple and then the acidity of the apple and then the sweetness of the cranberry chutney. I sweetness of the cranberry chutney. I sweetness of the cranberry chutney. I will say I think they're a touch too will say I think they're a touch too will say I think they're a touch too sweet. The sauce is a touch too sweet sweet. The sauce is a touch too sweet sweet. The sauce is a touch too sweet and the meatballs. They're very good and the meatballs. They're very good and the meatballs. They're very good meatballs. They're wellmade. It's just meatballs. They're wellmade. It's just meatballs. They're wellmade. It's just they're not the most seasoned meatballs they're not the most seasoned meatballs they're not the most seasoned meatballs I've ever had. But I'm still very happy I've ever had. But I'm still very happy I've ever had. But I'm still very happy with this. Um and I'm probably just with this. Um and I'm probably just with this. Um and I'm probably just being picky because I like my dad's being picky because I like my dad's being picky because I like my dad's better. But they're better than like better. But they're better than like better. But they're better than like freezer meatballs that you get at the freezer meatballs that you get at the freezer meatballs that you get at the grocery store. They're clearly made at grocery store. They're clearly made at grocery store. They're clearly made at least they are frozen. You can't tell. least they are frozen. You can't tell. least they are frozen. You can't tell. Yeah, this is great. I actually think Yeah, this is great. I actually think Yeah, this is great. I actually think the sauce is perfect. And it's just when the sauce is perfect. And it's just when the sauce is perfect. And it's just when you combine the sauce with the you combine the sauce with the you combine the sauce with the cranberries, it gets a little too sweet, cranberries, it gets a little too sweet, cranberries, it gets a little too sweet, but it's not that sweet. It's still but it's not that sweet. It's still but it's not that sweet. It's still really delicious. And I'm just having really delicious. And I'm just having really delicious. And I'm just having meatballs for lunch. And that's okay. meatballs for lunch. And that's okay. meatballs for lunch. And that's okay. It's Christmas. This next one, [music] It's Christmas. This next one, [music] It's Christmas. This next one, [music] tree is a stretch, I'll be honest. Here tree is a stretch, I'll be honest. Here tree is a stretch, I'll be honest. Here we go. The Disney Destiny Christmas tree we go. The Disney Destiny Christmas tree we go. The Disney Destiny Christmas tree &gt;&gt; in quotes. &gt;&gt; in quotes. &gt;&gt; in quotes. &gt;&gt; In quotes. There it is. &gt;&gt; In quotes. There it is. &gt;&gt; In quotes. There it is. &gt;&gt; It's a very nice uh &gt;&gt; It's a very nice uh &gt;&gt; It's a very nice uh &gt;&gt; topiary. Beautiful topiary. And the And &gt;&gt; topiary. Beautiful topiary. And the And &gt;&gt; topiary. Beautiful topiary. And the And the ship is decorated for Christmas. the ship is decorated for Christmas. the ship is decorated for Christmas. [music] All your [music] All your [music] All your &gt;&gt; It is decorated for Christmas. But um &gt;&gt; It is decorated for Christmas. But um &gt;&gt; It is decorated for Christmas. But um &gt;&gt; this is a topiary. Has a topiary ever &gt;&gt; this is a topiary. Has a topiary ever &gt;&gt; this is a topiary. Has a topiary ever been considered a Christmas tree? been considered a Christmas tree? been considered a Christmas tree? &gt;&gt; No. If you came over to my house and I &gt;&gt; No. If you came over to my house and I &gt;&gt; No. If you came over to my house and I had ornaments on an elephant topiary in had ornaments on an elephant topiary in had ornaments on an elephant topiary in my living room, you would say a guard. my living room, you would say a guard. my living room, you would say a guard. &gt;&gt; A guard and not a &gt;&gt; A guard and not a &gt;&gt; A guard and not a &gt;&gt; And that's what I'll say to this. A &gt;&gt; And that's what I'll say to this. A &gt;&gt; And that's what I'll say to this. A guard. guard. guard. &gt;&gt; Anyway, it is a sticker that we can put &gt;&gt; Anyway, it is a sticker that we can put &gt;&gt; Anyway, it is a sticker that we can put on a on a on a &gt;&gt; Yes, we found. [music] &gt;&gt; Yes, we found. [music] &gt;&gt; Yes, we found. [music] &gt;&gt; We got to go on the Destiny this year &gt;&gt; We got to go on the Destiny this year &gt;&gt; We got to go on the Destiny this year and it was great. and it was great. and it was great. &gt;&gt; We did. And there's a full video of our &gt;&gt; We did. And there's a full video of our &gt;&gt; We did. And there's a full video of our experience on the channel if you want to experience on the channel if you want to experience on the channel if you want to learn more about the brand new Disney learn more about the brand new Disney learn more about the brand new Disney cruise ship, cruise ship, cruise ship, &gt;&gt; which I do even though I was on it &gt;&gt; which I do even though I was on it &gt;&gt; which I do even though I was on it because there was so much to do. because there was so much to do. because there was so much to do. &gt;&gt; Yes. And Brea learned some things about &gt;&gt; Yes. And Brea learned some things about &gt;&gt; Yes. And Brea learned some things about cruising that he will share with you cruising that he will share with you cruising that he will share with you guys. guys. guys. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; That's right. Really Really Really &gt;&gt; important things for some of us. All &gt;&gt; important things for some of us. All &gt;&gt; important things for some of us. All right. I can see here that this is right. I can see here that this is right. I can see here that this is &gt;&gt; Captain Mickey. &gt;&gt; Captain Mickey. &gt;&gt; Captain Mickey. &gt;&gt; Captain Mickey, &gt;&gt; Captain Mickey, &gt;&gt; Captain Mickey, &gt;&gt; which is also interestingly what I use &gt;&gt; which is also interestingly what I use &gt;&gt; which is also interestingly what I use on my Disney experience. And I'm on my Disney experience. And I'm on my Disney experience. And I'm realizing that it's been realizing that it's been realizing that it's been &gt;&gt; Captain Mickey. &gt;&gt; Captain Mickey. &gt;&gt; Captain Mickey. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's been a Disney Cruise Line &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's been a Disney Cruise Line &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's been a Disney Cruise Line reference this whole time. And I just reference this whole time. And I just reference this whole time. And I just thought it was something cute. thought it was something cute. thought it was something cute. &gt;&gt; I mean, it is cute and random. &gt;&gt; I mean, it is cute and random. &gt;&gt; I mean, it is cute and random. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; I think it's here, right? &gt;&gt; I think it's here, right? &gt;&gt; I think it's here, right? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. I use Anna. I use Anna. I use Anna. &gt;&gt; Tell us what character you use in your &gt;&gt; Tell us what character you use in your &gt;&gt; Tell us what character you use in your My Disney Experience app. My Disney Experience app. My Disney Experience app. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Comments below. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Comments below. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Comments below. &gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. There's one more tree &gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. There's one more tree &gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. There's one more tree in this area and we don't know where it in this area and we don't know where it in this area and we don't know where it is, so we're going to find it. Oh, it's is, so we're going to find it. Oh, it's is, so we're going to find it. Oh, it's right here. This is a This is a very right here. This is a This is a very right here. This is a This is a very pretty tree. It's got shells and and pretty tree. It's got shells and and pretty tree. It's got shells and and lots of water nods and coral. lots of water nods and coral. lots of water nods and coral. &gt;&gt; All the shells and whistles. &gt;&gt; All the shells and whistles. &gt;&gt; All the shells and whistles. &gt;&gt; And of course, the Kakamura shells and &gt;&gt; And of course, the Kakamura shells and &gt;&gt; And of course, the Kakamura shells and whistles. That's really something. whistles. That's really something. whistles. That's really something. &gt;&gt; That Jack Skellington crossover. &gt;&gt; That Jack Skellington crossover. &gt;&gt; That Jack Skellington crossover. &gt;&gt; Oh, it is. That is tied over with Jack &gt;&gt; Oh, it is. That is tied over with Jack &gt;&gt; Oh, it is. That is tied over with Jack Skellington. Skellington. Skellington. &gt;&gt; This is an Easter egg. It's [music] a &gt;&gt; This is an Easter egg. It's [music] a &gt;&gt; This is an Easter egg. It's [music] a hidden Jack Skellington. hidden Jack Skellington. hidden Jack Skellington. &gt;&gt; And then uh Moana's boat is on the side. &gt;&gt; And then uh Moana's boat is on the side. &gt;&gt; And then uh Moana's boat is on the side. This one's cool. This one's pretty. This one's cool. This one's pretty. This one's cool. This one's pretty. &gt;&gt; That's a lot of iridescent ribbon. &gt;&gt; That's a lot of iridescent ribbon. &gt;&gt; That's a lot of iridescent ribbon. That's like three spools. And that's That's like three spools. And that's That's like three spools. And that's expensive. expensive. expensive. &gt;&gt; Really &gt;&gt; Really &gt;&gt; Really &gt;&gt; crafters out there, let me know how much &gt;&gt; crafters out there, let me know how much &gt;&gt; crafters out there, let me know how much you think this would cost at Jo-Ann's. you think this would cost at Jo-Ann's. you think this would cost at Jo-Ann's. &gt;&gt; Well, RIP. &gt;&gt; Well, RIP. &gt;&gt; Well, RIP. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, Joann's fabric is out of &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, Joann's fabric is out of &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, Joann's fabric is out of business. business. business. &gt;&gt; Everyone's really upset. The crafters. &gt;&gt; Everyone's really upset. The crafters. &gt;&gt; Everyone's really upset. The crafters. &gt;&gt; Wait a minute. Can I tell you something? &gt;&gt; Wait a minute. Can I tell you something? &gt;&gt; Wait a minute. Can I tell you something? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I live in a bubble. It's called Walt &gt;&gt; I live in a bubble. It's called Walt &gt;&gt; I live in a bubble. It's called Walt Disney World. And sometimes I miss major Disney World. And sometimes I miss major Disney World. And sometimes I miss major information. Is that something big? information. Is that something big? information. Is that something big? &gt;&gt; Where am I going to get my crafting &gt;&gt; Where am I going to get my crafting &gt;&gt; Where am I going to get my crafting supplies? supplies? supplies? &gt;&gt; You could you have to you'll have to &gt;&gt; You could you have to you'll have to &gt;&gt; You could you have to you'll have to shop local. shop local. shop local. &gt;&gt; Dollar Tree. Is that what you mean? &gt;&gt; Dollar Tree. Is that what you mean? &gt;&gt; Dollar Tree. Is that what you mean? &gt;&gt; That's all I meant. &gt;&gt; That's all I meant. &gt;&gt; That's all I meant. &gt;&gt; Down home stores. &gt;&gt; Down home stores. &gt;&gt; Down home stores. &gt;&gt; Down home stores like that. &gt;&gt; Down home stores like that. &gt;&gt; Down home stores like that. &gt;&gt; Right on every corner. &gt;&gt; Right on every corner. &gt;&gt; Right on every corner. &gt;&gt; Dollar Tree. &gt;&gt; Dollar Tree. &gt;&gt; Dollar Tree. &gt;&gt; There is a dresser in my [music] parents &gt;&gt; There is a dresser in my [music] parents &gt;&gt; There is a dresser in my [music] parents house that was my dresser as a kid that house that was my dresser as a kid that house that was my dresser as a kid that still has a bunch of Disney stickers on still has a bunch of Disney stickers on still has a bunch of Disney stickers on that I put on when I was a child and that I put on when I was a child and that I put on when I was a child and they came out. they came out. they came out. &gt;&gt; That is very sweet. &gt;&gt; That is very sweet. &gt;&gt; That is very sweet. &gt;&gt; It's just like this map. &gt;&gt; It's just like this map. &gt;&gt; It's just like this map. &gt;&gt; It's a little wet now by the way. Yeah, &gt;&gt; It's a little wet now by the way. Yeah, &gt;&gt; It's a little wet now by the way. Yeah, we put it down in the Doc Lindsay's we put it down in the Doc Lindsay's we put it down in the Doc Lindsay's water. That looks like us. water. That looks like us. water. That looks like us. &gt;&gt; That is us. &gt;&gt; That is us. &gt;&gt; That is us. &gt;&gt; That's Yumi and Emma. &gt;&gt; That's Yumi and Emma. &gt;&gt; That's Yumi and Emma. &gt;&gt; Oh, I love that. &gt;&gt; Oh, I love that. &gt;&gt; Oh, I love that. &gt;&gt; You're the one with the candy cane. &gt;&gt; You're the one with the candy cane. &gt;&gt; You're the one with the candy cane. &gt;&gt; I know. &gt;&gt; I know. &gt;&gt; I know. &gt;&gt; All right. I think there's trees up &gt;&gt; All right. I think there's trees up &gt;&gt; All right. I think there's trees up here, right? Is that that seems to seem here, right? Is that that seems to seem here, right? Is that that seems to seem to to to &gt;&gt; Definitely. So, what's interesting about &gt;&gt; Definitely. So, what's interesting about &gt;&gt; Definitely. So, what's interesting about this walk is there are some detours you this walk is there are some detours you this walk is there are some detours you have to take. It's not one linear walk. have to take. It's not one linear walk. have to take. It's not one linear walk. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; So, we &gt;&gt; So, we &gt;&gt; So, we &gt;&gt; It's a stroll. You got to stroll any &gt;&gt; It's a stroll. You got to stroll any &gt;&gt; It's a stroll. You got to stroll any whimsy. whimsy. whimsy. &gt;&gt; But strolls take the toll. &gt;&gt; But strolls take the toll. &gt;&gt; But strolls take the toll. &gt;&gt; Strolls take the toll. And a toll. And a &gt;&gt; Strolls take the toll. And a toll. And a &gt;&gt; Strolls take the toll. And a toll. And a roll is a roll. That's right. We don't roll is a roll. That's right. We don't roll is a roll. That's right. We don't get no tolls, then we don't need no get no tolls, then we don't need no get no tolls, then we don't need no rolls. rolls. rolls. &gt;&gt; You got to pay the troll to &gt;&gt; You got to pay the troll to &gt;&gt; You got to pay the troll to &gt;&gt; believe it or not, that construction, &gt;&gt; believe it or not, that construction, &gt;&gt; believe it or not, that construction, that structure. that structure. that structure. &gt;&gt; Oh, I knew that because I saw the &gt;&gt; Oh, I knew that because I saw the &gt;&gt; Oh, I knew that because I saw the sticker. sticker. sticker. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Is that is a a returning tree. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Is that is a a returning tree. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Is that is a a returning tree. &gt;&gt; There's so many around here. &gt;&gt; There's so many around here. &gt;&gt; There's so many around here. &gt;&gt; Yes. We have to buckle your seat belts. &gt;&gt; Yes. We have to buckle your seat belts. &gt;&gt; Yes. We have to buckle your seat belts. It's tree time. It's tree time. It's tree time. &gt;&gt; It's tree time, baby. Now, as we walk up &gt;&gt; It's tree time, baby. Now, as we walk up &gt;&gt; It's tree time, baby. Now, as we walk up to the street, you can do this at to the street, you can do this at to the street, you can do this at activity the way we are where it's kind activity the way we are where it's kind activity the way we are where it's kind of the point of the afternoon, but it's of the point of the afternoon, but it's of the point of the afternoon, but it's also a great thing to grab for free for also a great thing to grab for free for also a great thing to grab for free for your kids to do while you are shopping your kids to do while you are shopping your kids to do while you are shopping and experiencing Disney Springs little and experiencing Disney Springs little and experiencing Disney Springs little extra activity. So, uh this tree is just extra activity. So, uh this tree is just extra activity. So, uh this tree is just called sphere. Spear tree. called sphere. Spear tree. called sphere. Spear tree. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's called sphere and it's &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's called sphere and it's &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's called sphere and it's &gt;&gt; spherical. &gt;&gt; spherical. &gt;&gt; spherical. &gt;&gt; It evokes &gt;&gt; It evokes &gt;&gt; It evokes &gt;&gt; this guy is whailing on the saxophone. &gt;&gt; this guy is whailing on the saxophone. &gt;&gt; this guy is whailing on the saxophone. It evokes the modern feel of It evokes the modern feel of It evokes the modern feel of uh Christmas in some people's lives. uh Christmas in some people's lives. uh Christmas in some people's lives. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Some people like a modern Christmas. &gt;&gt; Some people like a modern Christmas. &gt;&gt; Some people like a modern Christmas. &gt;&gt; Some people like a modern. &gt;&gt; Some people like a modern. &gt;&gt; Some people like a modern. &gt;&gt; In the 1960s, it was very popular. &gt;&gt; In the 1960s, it was very popular. &gt;&gt; In the 1960s, it was very popular. Jetsons and and sphere. Jetsons and and sphere. Jetsons and and sphere. &gt;&gt; Sphere. Sphere sticker time. &gt;&gt; Sphere. Sphere sticker time. &gt;&gt; Sphere. Sphere sticker time. &gt;&gt; All right. It says orange orange garage. &gt;&gt; All right. It says orange orange garage. &gt;&gt; All right. It says orange orange garage. And there's the orange garage. So, I'm And there's the orange garage. So, I'm And there's the orange garage. So, I'm going to line it up with sphere right going to line it up with sphere right going to line it up with sphere right here. And then we've got two trees uh here. And then we've got two trees uh here. And then we've got two trees uh that we are going to have to Sorry. that we are going to have to Sorry. that we are going to have to Sorry. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh, look at the octagon. The the &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh, look at the octagon. The the &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh, look at the octagon. The the mocktacle. mocktacle. mocktacle. &gt;&gt; Are you trying to say aafile? &gt;&gt; Are you trying to say aafile? &gt;&gt; Are you trying to say aafile? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like look at the It's what the &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like look at the It's what the &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like look at the It's what the cable does to it. I know this now cuz cable does to it. I know this now cuz cable does to it. I know this now cuz I've been on it. I've been on it. I've been on it. &gt;&gt; Wow. It looks like &gt;&gt; Wow. It looks like &gt;&gt; Wow. It looks like &gt;&gt; when the cable's reeling it in at the &gt;&gt; when the cable's reeling it in at the &gt;&gt; when the cable's reeling it in at the bottom, it makes it sway hard. bottom, it makes it sway hard. bottom, it makes it sway hard. &gt;&gt; Well, it looks like breaking news. &gt;&gt; Well, it looks like breaking news. &gt;&gt; Well, it looks like breaking news. &gt;&gt; It's unfort Well, unfortunately, it is &gt;&gt; It's unfort Well, unfortunately, it is &gt;&gt; It's unfort Well, unfortunately, it is not breaking news. not breaking news. not breaking news. &gt;&gt; Yes. We the good girl. Very sad. We the good girl. Very sad. We the good girl. Very sad. &gt;&gt; It's a Fantasia tree. This one's pretty. &gt;&gt; It's a Fantasia tree. This one's pretty. &gt;&gt; It's a Fantasia tree. This one's pretty. This one's really pretty. This one's really pretty. This one's really pretty. &gt;&gt; It's got the conductor. &gt;&gt; It's got the conductor. &gt;&gt; It's got the conductor. &gt;&gt; Oh, really? &gt;&gt; Oh, really? &gt;&gt; Oh, really? &gt;&gt; Yeah. At the bottom, it's got the &gt;&gt; Yeah. At the bottom, it's got the &gt;&gt; Yeah. At the bottom, it's got the conductor. Do you see? conductor. Do you see? conductor. Do you see? &gt;&gt; Oh, Michael. &gt;&gt; Oh, Michael. &gt;&gt; Oh, Michael. &gt;&gt; This one's really pretty. &gt;&gt; This one's really pretty. &gt;&gt; This one's really pretty. &gt;&gt; Look, it's a fairy &gt;&gt; Look, it's a fairy &gt;&gt; Look, it's a fairy &gt;&gt; on. And it's got the yo-yoing flamingo. &gt;&gt; on. And it's got the yo-yoing flamingo. &gt;&gt; on. And it's got the yo-yoing flamingo. &gt;&gt; Oh, [music] &gt;&gt; Oh, [music] &gt;&gt; Oh, [music] &gt;&gt; this one's cool. This one's really cool. &gt;&gt; this one's cool. This one's really cool. &gt;&gt; this one's cool. This one's really cool. &gt;&gt; I've never seen this before. I don't &gt;&gt; I've never seen this before. I don't &gt;&gt; I've never seen this before. I don't think think think &gt;&gt; this is really cool. &gt;&gt; this is really cool. &gt;&gt; this is really cool. This is the last Christmas before the This is the last Christmas before the This is the last Christmas before the sorcerer hat returns. sorcerer hat returns. sorcerer hat returns. &gt;&gt; Absolutely insane. &gt;&gt; Absolutely insane. &gt;&gt; Absolutely insane. &gt;&gt; To Hollywood Studios. &gt;&gt; To Hollywood Studios. &gt;&gt; To Hollywood Studios. &gt;&gt; Absolutely insane. Elephant trunks &gt;&gt; Absolutely insane. Elephant trunks &gt;&gt; Absolutely insane. Elephant trunks blowing bubbles. This is so cute. I love blowing bubbles. This is so cute. I love blowing bubbles. This is so cute. I love this one. What's this one? Classic this one. What's this one? Classic this one. What's this one? Classic Mickey and Minnie. Very classic Mickey and Minnie. Very classic Mickey and Minnie. Very classic Christmas vibes. This is the Mickey and Christmas vibes. This is the Mickey and Christmas vibes. This is the Mickey and Minnie tree. It's got these Mickey and Minnie tree. It's got these Mickey and Minnie tree. It's got these Mickey and Minnie all over it. It's Mickey and Minnie all over it. It's Mickey and Minnie all over it. It's Mickey and Minnie. It's cute. I would call this the Minnie. It's cute. I would call this the Minnie. It's cute. I would call this the classic Christmas tree. classic Christmas tree. classic Christmas tree. &gt;&gt; I love it. Oh, look. I think it would be &gt;&gt; I love it. Oh, look. I think it would be &gt;&gt; I love it. Oh, look. I think it would be easier to spot giant Christmas trees, easier to spot giant Christmas trees, easier to spot giant Christmas trees, but for some reason we are struggling. but for some reason we are struggling. but for some reason we are struggling. But we found this tree which looks like But we found this tree which looks like But we found this tree which looks like a villain's tree. Yes, it's a villain's a villain's tree. Yes, it's a villain's a villain's tree. Yes, it's a villain's tree. Frightening tree at the top. It's tree. Frightening tree at the top. It's tree. Frightening tree at the top. It's got Jafar's staff and Yago snake. Uh got Jafar's staff and Yago snake. Uh got Jafar's staff and Yago snake. Uh that's probably C. There's the evil that's probably C. There's the evil that's probably C. There's the evil queen. Maleficent. queen. Maleficent. queen. Maleficent. Oh, the roses getting painted red. Oh, the roses getting painted red. Oh, the roses getting painted red. There's a whole Ursula section back There's a whole Ursula section back There's a whole Ursula section back here. Painted Panic and Hades back here. here. Painted Panic and Hades back here. here. Painted Panic and Hades back here. Okay, this one's cool, too, cuz you see Okay, this one's cool, too, cuz you see Okay, this one's cool, too, cuz you see it's all the different sections. it's all the different sections. it's all the different sections. &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; It's all different sections. So, like &gt;&gt; It's all different sections. So, like &gt;&gt; It's all different sections. So, like Queen of Hearts, Ursula, Hades is next. Queen of Hearts, Ursula, Hades is next. Queen of Hearts, Ursula, Hades is next. &gt;&gt; Oh, I thought that &gt;&gt; Oh, I thought that &gt;&gt; Oh, I thought that &gt;&gt; was Maleficent. &gt;&gt; was Maleficent. &gt;&gt; was Maleficent. &gt;&gt; I thought so as well. &gt;&gt; I thought so as well. &gt;&gt; I thought so as well. Oh, there's the poison section. Lady Oh, there's the poison section. Lady Oh, there's the poison section. Lady Tine. Oh, Kruella. That's kind of Tine. Oh, Kruella. That's kind of Tine. Oh, Kruella. That's kind of creepy. It looks like Krill's in the creepy. It looks like Krill's in the creepy. It looks like Krill's in the tree. Magic. This one's cool. There's tree. Magic. This one's cool. There's tree. Magic. This one's cool. There's two over here. two over here. two over here. &gt;&gt; This one's cute. It's fun and summery. I &gt;&gt; This one's cute. It's fun and summery. I &gt;&gt; This one's cute. It's fun and summery. I guess we're at the back of it. But look, guess we're at the back of it. But look, guess we're at the back of it. But look, it has Punch eating his tuna fish or not it has Punch eating his tuna fish or not it has Punch eating his tuna fish or not tuna. It has Punch eating his peanut tuna. It has Punch eating his peanut tuna. It has Punch eating his peanut butter sandwich. You see it? butter sandwich. You see it? butter sandwich. You see it? &gt;&gt; Where? &gt;&gt; Where? &gt;&gt; Where? &gt;&gt; The fish eating the sandwich. Has Punch &gt;&gt; The fish eating the sandwich. Has Punch &gt;&gt; The fish eating the sandwich. Has Punch and he's eating his peanut butter and he's eating his peanut butter and he's eating his peanut butter sandwich cuz he can't have tuna fish sandwich cuz he can't have tuna fish sandwich cuz he can't have tuna fish because that would be cannibalism. They because that would be cannibalism. They because that would be cannibalism. They got the picture of the whole family. got the picture of the whole family. got the picture of the whole family. &gt;&gt; They've got a 45 of I think this is &gt;&gt; They've got a 45 of I think this is &gt;&gt; They've got a 45 of I think this is &gt;&gt; by Elvis. It does have a bite out of it &gt;&gt; by Elvis. It does have a bite out of it &gt;&gt; by Elvis. It does have a bite out of it though because they got into it. This though because they got into it. This though because they got into it. This one's I like this one. This one's fun. one's I like this one. This one's fun. one's I like this one. This one's fun. &gt;&gt; Okay. Lilo and Stitch. &gt;&gt; Okay. Lilo and Stitch. &gt;&gt; Okay. Lilo and Stitch. &gt;&gt; All right. And I do think we're gonna go &gt;&gt; All right. And I do think we're gonna go &gt;&gt; All right. And I do think we're gonna go and see Star Wars next. Yes, and see Star Wars next. Yes, and see Star Wars next. Yes, &gt;&gt; that's what the next tree is. Maybe I &gt;&gt; that's what the next tree is. Maybe I &gt;&gt; that's what the next tree is. Maybe I guess let's go this way around it. Okay, guess let's go this way around it. Okay, guess let's go this way around it. Okay, you can tell it's Star Wars because you can tell it's Star Wars because you can tell it's Star Wars because there's giant Stormtrooper masks pokey there's giant Stormtrooper masks pokey there's giant Stormtrooper masks pokey out of it and a whole lightsaber and the out of it and a whole lightsaber and the out of it and a whole lightsaber and the star is C3PO. Okay, that's cool. I think star is C3PO. Okay, that's cool. I think star is C3PO. Okay, that's cool. I think there's Ewoks and Jawas. I don't see an there's Ewoks and Jawas. I don't see an there's Ewoks and Jawas. I don't see an Ewoks actually. I just see Jawas hoping Ewoks actually. I just see Jawas hoping Ewoks actually. I just see Jawas hoping for Ewoks. C3PO is the star. Tons of for Ewoks. C3PO is the star. Tons of for Ewoks. C3PO is the star. Tons of Stormtroopers. Clone troopers. There's a Stormtroopers. Clone troopers. There's a Stormtroopers. Clone troopers. There's a red lightsaber. It's Kylo's lightsaber red lightsaber. It's Kylo's lightsaber red lightsaber. It's Kylo's lightsaber actually. It's just what part of his actually. It's just what part of his actually. It's just what part of his hilt is out. I don't I wonder is there a hilt is out. I don't I wonder is there a hilt is out. I don't I wonder is there a different life saver or is it just Kylo different life saver or is it just Kylo different life saver or is it just Kylo Ren? And what is the implication there? Ren? And what is the implication there? Ren? And what is the implication there? You had Kylo put it there. Did they take You had Kylo put it there. Did they take You had Kylo put it there. Did they take it from Kylo and put it up there? it from Kylo and put it up there? it from Kylo and put it up there? There's Chew's sash. Oh, Chewy sash is There's Chew's sash. Oh, Chewy sash is There's Chew's sash. Oh, Chewy sash is very long. very long. very long. &gt;&gt; Oh, these are fun. I do like that on &gt;&gt; Oh, these are fun. I do like that on &gt;&gt; Oh, these are fun. I do like that on your tree. Cool. I think Console's bag your tree. Cool. I think Console's bag your tree. Cool. I think Console's bag probably. All right. This is our second probably. All right. This is our second probably. All right. This is our second to last sticker. to last sticker. to last sticker. &gt;&gt; Okay, Yoda. &gt;&gt; Okay, Yoda. &gt;&gt; Okay, Yoda. &gt;&gt; Which means we are just headed to what &gt;&gt; Which means we are just headed to what &gt;&gt; Which means we are just headed to what will be our big finale, right? I'm going will be our big finale, right? I'm going will be our big finale, right? I'm going to say it. It's small, but it's mighty. to say it. It's small, but it's mighty. to say it. It's small, but it's mighty. And I'm going to accept it as a finale And I'm going to accept it as a finale And I'm going to accept it as a finale tree. There's a lot of arms coming out tree. There's a lot of arms coming out tree. There's a lot of arms coming out of these trees. Have you noticed this? of these trees. Have you noticed this? of these trees. Have you noticed this? Like human or animal arms reaching out. Like human or animal arms reaching out. Like human or animal arms reaching out. &gt;&gt; Um I don't see a tree. I think &gt;&gt; Um I don't see a tree. I think &gt;&gt; Um I don't see a tree. I think &gt;&gt; it's it's right here. This a down lower &gt;&gt; it's it's right here. This a down lower &gt;&gt; it's it's right here. This a down lower down. down. down. &gt;&gt; Water tower. Down here. Sorry. To the &gt;&gt; Water tower. Down here. Sorry. To the &gt;&gt; Water tower. Down here. Sorry. To the right. A little to the right. Little right. A little to the right. Little right. A little to the right. Little more. Oh no. You had it there for a more. Oh no. You had it there for a more. Oh no. You had it there for a second. Yeah. Went down a little more. second. Yeah. Went down a little more. second. Yeah. Went down a little more. Down. Down. There you go. Lion King Down. Down. There you go. Lion King Down. Down. There you go. Lion King right there. You're looking at it. It's right there. You're looking at it. It's right there. You're looking at it. It's right in the middle of your camera. Zoom right in the middle of your camera. Zoom right in the middle of your camera. Zoom in maybe. Yeah. There. You're looking at in maybe. Yeah. There. You're looking at in maybe. Yeah. There. You're looking at Simba. Simba. Simba. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; yeah. It is small. This is like the &gt;&gt; yeah. It is small. This is like the &gt;&gt; yeah. It is small. This is like the smallest street, which is funny because smallest street, which is funny because smallest street, which is funny because this is where a lot of people enter this is where a lot of people enter this is where a lot of people enter Disney Springs, Disney Springs, Disney Springs, &gt;&gt; right? It's true. &gt;&gt; right? It's true. &gt;&gt; right? It's true. &gt;&gt; You would think they would have I mean &gt;&gt; You would think they would have I mean &gt;&gt; You would think they would have I mean the cuz the toy tree is big. The main the cuz the toy tree is big. The main the cuz the toy tree is big. The main tree by the bus stop is big. You would tree by the bus stop is big. You would tree by the bus stop is big. You would think they would have a big one here. think they would have a big one here. think they would have a big one here. They don't. I will say this one's cool. They don't. I will say this one's cool. They don't. I will say this one's cool. There's a lot going on. And I really There's a lot going on. And I really There's a lot going on. And I really love Rafiki's arms reaching out with the love Rafiki's arms reaching out with the love Rafiki's arms reaching out with the cup. Especially cuz it does serve the cup. Especially cuz it does serve the cup. Especially cuz it does serve the Broadway costume. Broadway costume. Broadway costume. &gt;&gt; That's right. It's giving Julie T real. &gt;&gt; That's right. It's giving Julie T real. &gt;&gt; That's right. It's giving Julie T real. &gt;&gt; It's got all the mask. It really is like &gt;&gt; It's got all the mask. It really is like &gt;&gt; It's got all the mask. It really is like a Broadway tree. It's got the mask. I am a Broadway tree. It's got the mask. I am a Broadway tree. It's got the mask. I am going to use this time to give my formal going to use this time to give my formal going to use this time to give my formal request to Disney to please bring back request to Disney to please bring back request to Disney to please bring back the dedicated Christmas tree stroll path the dedicated Christmas tree stroll path the dedicated Christmas tree stroll path that has all the trees in one place. Um that has all the trees in one place. Um that has all the trees in one place. Um because this was really really fun and I because this was really really fun and I because this was really really fun and I missed that. missed that. missed that. &gt;&gt; Oh, and look how convenient this is. We &gt;&gt; Oh, and look how convenient this is. We &gt;&gt; Oh, and look how convenient this is. We can go to Cityworks or House of Blues to can go to Cityworks or House of Blues to can go to Cityworks or House of Blues to bring it to get our special surprise. bring it to get our special surprise. bring it to get our special surprise. Now, fun fact, neither of us know what Now, fun fact, neither of us know what Now, fun fact, neither of us know what this is. We do not know what the special this is. We do not know what the special this is. We do not know what the special surprise is. surprise is. surprise is. &gt;&gt; No idea. But so it is going to be a &gt;&gt; No idea. But so it is going to be a &gt;&gt; No idea. But so it is going to be a &gt;&gt; probably going to be really good. &gt;&gt; probably going to be really good. &gt;&gt; probably going to be really good. &gt;&gt; Holiday Christmas surprise &gt;&gt; Holiday Christmas surprise &gt;&gt; Holiday Christmas surprise &gt;&gt; is that it's something amazing. &gt;&gt; is that it's something amazing. &gt;&gt; is that it's something amazing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. What do you Wait, let's wait for a &gt;&gt; Yeah. What do you Wait, let's wait for a &gt;&gt; Yeah. What do you Wait, let's wait for a chance. I'm thinking I'm thinking uh chance. I'm thinking I'm thinking uh chance. I'm thinking I'm thinking uh inexpensive ornaments. inexpensive ornaments. inexpensive ornaments. &gt;&gt; I'm thinking it's a free voucher to eat &gt;&gt; I'm thinking it's a free voucher to eat &gt;&gt; I'm thinking it's a free voucher to eat a dinner for two to eat at the a dinner for two to eat at the a dinner for two to eat at the restaurant where you restaurant where you restaurant where you &gt;&gt; That would be incredible. &gt;&gt; That would be incredible. &gt;&gt; That would be incredible. &gt;&gt; That's what I think. I believe in &gt;&gt; That's what I think. I believe in &gt;&gt; That's what I think. I believe in Christmas magic. Christmas magic. Christmas magic. &gt;&gt; Well, what would it be at Club? A free &gt;&gt; Well, what would it be at Club? A free &gt;&gt; Well, what would it be at Club? A free tiara. Free tiara tiara. Free tiara tiara. Free tiara &gt;&gt; diamonds. Diamonds. &gt;&gt; diamonds. Diamonds. &gt;&gt; diamonds. Diamonds. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you. Okay. It's super cute. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you. Okay. It's super cute. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you. Okay. It's super cute. You got to get yours, too. You got to get yours, too. You got to get yours, too. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank we both get one. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank we both get one. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank we both get one. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you so much. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you so much. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you so much. &gt;&gt; Happy holidays. &gt;&gt; Happy holidays. &gt;&gt; Happy holidays. &gt;&gt; Okay, this &gt;&gt; Okay, this &gt;&gt; Okay, this &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; I'm going to First of all, I was right. &gt;&gt; I'm going to First of all, I was right. &gt;&gt; I'm going to First of all, I was right. Second of all, I'm going to say Second of all, I'm going to say Second of all, I'm going to say something. something. something. &gt;&gt; The fact that this is a free experience &gt;&gt; The fact that this is a free experience &gt;&gt; The fact that this is a free experience [music] [music] [music] and you still get a metal, even tiny, a and you still get a metal, even tiny, a and you still get a metal, even tiny, a metal Christmas [music] ornament to metal Christmas [music] ornament to metal Christmas [music] ornament to commemorate it is pretty cool. This was commemorate it is pretty cool. This was commemorate it is pretty cool. This was free and this was free. free and this was free. free and this was free. &gt;&gt; This is called sweat equity. &gt;&gt; This is called sweat equity. &gt;&gt; This is called sweat equity. &gt;&gt; Sweat swity. &gt;&gt; Sweat swity. &gt;&gt; Sweat swity. This is my second favorite Christmas This is my second favorite Christmas This is my second favorite Christmas tree stroll specific souvenir that I tree stroll specific souvenir that I tree stroll specific souvenir that I have behind my mug. In the following have behind my mug. In the following have behind my mug. In the following clip where you will hear from the entire clip where you will hear from the entire clip where you will hear from the entire Olar's team uh because it's Christmas Olar's team uh because it's Christmas Olar's team uh because it's Christmas and we [music] just want to say thank and we [music] just want to say thank and we [music] just want to say thank you. Happy holidays everyone. Thank you you. Happy holidays everyone. Thank you you. Happy holidays everyone. Thank you all so much for being here and for all so much for being here and for all so much for being here and for supporting our channel. We are so so supporting our channel. We are so so supporting our channel. We are so so grateful for you. I hope you're having grateful for you. I hope you're having grateful for you. I hope you're having the most wonderful holiday season with the most wonderful holiday season with the most wonderful holiday season with your family and friends and everyone who your family and friends and everyone who your family and friends and everyone who you love. And I can't wait for you guys you love. And I can't wait for you guys you love. And I can't wait for you guys to see what's coming in 2026. May this to see what's coming in 2026. May this to see what's coming in 2026. May this holiday season bring you and your family holiday season bring you and your family holiday season bring you and your family joy, love, and peace. [music] joy, love, and peace. [music] joy, love, and peace. [music] Thank you so much for sticking with us Thank you so much for sticking with us Thank you so much for sticking with us throughout all of these years. We love throughout all of these years. We love throughout all of these years. We love you guys so much. Merry Christmas, happy you guys so much. Merry Christmas, happy you guys so much. Merry Christmas, happy holidays, happy Hanukkah, happy Quanza, holidays, happy Hanukkah, happy Quanza, holidays, happy Hanukkah, happy Quanza, happy new year. happy new year. happy new year. &gt;&gt; As we celebrate Christmas, I pray you &gt;&gt; As we celebrate Christmas, I pray you &gt;&gt; As we celebrate Christmas, I pray you feel the true meaning of this [music] feel the true meaning of this [music] feel the true meaning of this [music] day, the love of Christ, the hope he day, the love of Christ, the hope he day, the love of Christ, the hope he brings, and the light he shines onto the brings, and the light he shines onto the brings, and the light he shines onto the world. So, from me and everyone at All world. So, from me and everyone at All world. So, from me and everyone at All Ears, we are wishing you a blessed and Ears, we are wishing you a blessed and Ears, we are wishing you a blessed and beautiful Christmas. Merry Christmas. beautiful Christmas. Merry Christmas. beautiful Christmas. Merry Christmas. Just wanted to say merry Christmas. Just wanted to say merry Christmas. Just wanted to say merry Christmas. Happy holidays. Thank you guys so so Happy holidays. Thank you guys so so Happy holidays. Thank you guys so so much for continuing to watch our weird, much for continuing to watch our weird, much for continuing to watch our weird, silly little channel. We love it so much silly little channel. We love it so much silly little channel. We love it so much and [music] we really love you guys. We and [music] we really love you guys. We and [music] we really love you guys. We can't wait to do more with you next can't wait to do more with you next can't wait to do more with you next year. Why? Because we're very serious year. Why? Because we're very serious year. Why? Because we're very serious about [music] fun and we want to have about [music] fun and we want to have about [music] fun and we want to have fun and fun for years to come. Hi fun and fun for years to come. Hi fun and fun for years to come. Hi everyone. Just wanted to hop on here and everyone. Just wanted to hop on here and everyone. Just wanted to hop on here and wish you a happy holiday season and a wish you a happy holiday season and a wish you a happy holiday season and a wonderful new year. Thank you so much wonderful new year. Thank you so much wonderful new year. Thank you so much for all the incredible support, watching for all the incredible support, watching for all the incredible support, watching our videos, and contributing to such an our videos, and contributing to such an our videos, and contributing to such an amazing community. We truly could not amazing community. We truly could not amazing community. We truly could not have done this without you. Now, here's have done this without you. Now, here's have done this without you. Now, here's to all the adventures we're yet to have to all the adventures we're yet to have to all the adventures we're yet to have in 2026. We'll meet you there. Oh, and in 2026. We'll meet you there. Oh, and in 2026. We'll meet you there. Oh, and for anyone who's been hanging out with for anyone who's been hanging out with for anyone who's been hanging out with me in the premieres each week, you me in the premieres each week, you me in the premieres each week, you should. Um, if you're not, but should. Um, if you're not, but should. Um, if you're not, but I I got to show you. Here's my Christmas I I got to show you. Here's my Christmas I I got to show you. Here's my Christmas sweater. sweater. sweater. Ain't it cute? Yeah, I made this myself. Ain't it cute? Yeah, I made this myself. Ain't it cute? Yeah, I made this myself. Working on number two right now. So, Working on number two right now. So, Working on number two right now. So, thanks. Merry Christmas. thanks. Merry Christmas. thanks. Merry Christmas. &gt;&gt; Happy holidays and merry Christmas &gt;&gt; Happy holidays and merry Christmas &gt;&gt; Happy holidays and merry Christmas everyone. We are so so thankful for all everyone. We are so so thankful for all everyone. We are so so thankful for all of you and all of your support. We of you and all of your support. We of you and all of your support. We really could not do this [music] without really could not do this [music] without really could not do this [music] without you. I hope that you all have an amazing you. I hope that you all have an amazing you. I hope that you all have an amazing holiday season and we cannot wait for holiday season and we cannot wait for holiday season and we cannot wait for you to see what we have in store for you to see what we have in store for you to see what we have in store for &gt;&gt; I'm standing in front of one of my &gt;&gt; I'm standing in front of one of my &gt;&gt; I'm standing in front of one of my favorite Christmas trees here at favorite Christmas trees here at favorite Christmas trees here at Rockefeller Center. Man, I hope this Rockefeller Center. Man, I hope this Rockefeller Center. Man, I hope this video is about trees. Uh for myself, video is about trees. Uh for myself, video is about trees. Uh for myself, Sage Starky, and my entire family and Sage Starky, and my entire family and Sage Starky, and my entire family and everyone at all years, if you're everyone at all years, if you're everyone at all years, if you're celebrating, happy holidays, merry celebrating, happy holidays, merry celebrating, happy holidays, merry Christmas, happy Hanukkah. I'm so Christmas, happy Hanukkah. I'm so Christmas, happy Hanukkah. I'm so excited for 2026. It's going to be an excited for 2026. It's going to be an excited for 2026. It's going to be an amazing year. I'm manifesting fantastic amazing year. I'm manifesting fantastic amazing year. I'm manifesting fantastic things. So, you're the best. Keep things. So, you're the best. Keep things. So, you're the best. Keep smiling, keep laughing, make magic, and smiling, keep laughing, make magic, and smiling, keep laughing, make magic, and love each other. I'll see you guys in love each other. I'll see you guys in love each other. I'll see you guys in the new year. Happy holidays. Bye, the new year. Happy holidays. Bye, the new year. Happy holidays. Bye, everybody. everybody. everybody. &gt;&gt; Somebody break out the hot cocoa. &gt;&gt; Somebody break out the hot cocoa. &gt;&gt; Somebody break out the hot cocoa. &gt;&gt; Well, thank you guys for spending some &gt;&gt; Well, thank you guys for spending some &gt;&gt; Well, thank you guys for spending some of your Christmas some of your Christmas of your Christmas some of your Christmas of your Christmas some of your Christmas week with us. draw. week with us. draw. week with us. draw. &gt;&gt; We had so much fun today sharing some &gt;&gt; We had so much fun today sharing some &gt;&gt; We had so much fun today sharing some Christmas cheer, doing the Christmas Christmas cheer, doing the Christmas Christmas cheer, doing the Christmas tree stall. If you're still here, like tree stall. If you're still here, like tree stall. If you're still here, like this video and drop the secret code in this video and drop the secret code in this video and drop the secret code in the comments so we know you made it all the comments so we know you made it all the comments so we know you made it all the way. Plus, don't forget to the way. Plus, don't forget to the way. Plus, don't forget to subscribe. 2026 is going to be an subscribe. 2026 is going to be an subscribe. 2026 is going to be an amazing year here at Allers, and you amazing year here at Allers, and you amazing year here at Allers, and you don't want to miss it. don't want to miss it. don't want to miss it. &gt;&gt; So many so many new games, so much fun, &gt;&gt; So many so many new games, so much fun, &gt;&gt; So many so many new games, so much fun, excitement, and you never know what's excitement, and you never know what's excitement, and you never know what's coming next. coming next. coming next. &gt;&gt; By the time you're watching this, a &gt;&gt; By the time you're watching this, a &gt;&gt; By the time you're watching this, a bunch of it is already filmed and ready bunch of it is already filmed and ready bunch of it is already filmed and ready till the end of January. It's going to till the end of January. It's going to till the end of January. It's going to be awesome. Hit the notification bell so be awesome. Hit the notification bell so be awesome. Hit the notification bell so you don't miss a thing. you don't miss a thing. you don't miss a thing. &gt;&gt; Tired. &gt;&gt; Tired. &gt;&gt; Tired. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're exhausted. But thank you &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're exhausted. But thank you &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're exhausted. But thank you guys so much for watching. We love you. guys so much for watching. We love you. guys so much for watching. We love you. We love you. Love you. Merry Christmas. We love you. Love you. Merry Christmas. We love you. Love you. Merry Christmas. &gt;&gt; Merry Christmas. &gt;&gt; Merry Christmas. &gt;&gt; Merry Christmas. &gt;&gt; I hope you understood anything he said.
