---
video_id: F4zWAlgglZ8
channel: AllEars.net
title: "The BEST Rides and Shows in Disney World"
published: 2025-12-19
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4zWAlgglZ8
---
There are over 82 attractions in Disney There are over 82 attractions in Disney There are over 82 attractions in Disney World. 82. That's a lot of rides and World. 82. That's a lot of rides and World. 82. That's a lot of rides and shows and things to do, and it's a lot shows and things to do, and it's a lot shows and things to do, and it's a lot to keep track of and to know what's to keep track of and to know what's to keep track of and to know what's worth your time versus what isn't. worth your time versus what isn't. worth your time versus what isn't. That's what this video is all about. That's what this video is all about. That's what this video is all about. This is a guide to everything to do in This is a guide to everything to do in This is a guide to everything to do in Disney World. Now, to make this simple, we're going to Now, to make this simple, we're going to Now, to make this simple, we're going to go through every park and we're going to go through every park and we're going to go through every park and we're going to rate each attraction from one to three. rate each attraction from one to three. rate each attraction from one to three. A one means it's probably skippable A one means it's probably skippable A one means it's probably skippable unless it sounds super interesting to unless it sounds super interesting to unless it sounds super interesting to you. Two is in the middle. It's not you. Two is in the middle. It's not you. Two is in the middle. It's not necessarily a must do, but it is necessarily a must do, but it is necessarily a must do, but it is something that you should really decide something that you should really decide something that you should really decide if you are okay skipping it. And number if you are okay skipping it. And number if you are okay skipping it. And number three, our mustos. These are the best of three, our mustos. These are the best of three, our mustos. These are the best of the best, the most popular of the the best, the most popular of the the best, the most popular of the popular, things that might have a long popular, things that might have a long popular, things that might have a long line, and things that you just can't line, and things that you just can't line, and things that you just can't miss. First up, let's start in Magic miss. First up, let's start in Magic miss. First up, let's start in Magic Kingdom. Magic Kingdom is probably the Kingdom. Magic Kingdom is probably the Kingdom. Magic Kingdom is probably the park you think of when you think of park you think of when you think of park you think of when you think of Disney World. It has the castle. It's Disney World. It has the castle. It's Disney World. It has the castle. It's been open since the 1970s. It was the been open since the 1970s. It was the been open since the 1970s. It was the original park here, and it is the most original park here, and it is the most original park here, and it is the most Disney World of the parks. There are six Disney World of the parks. There are six Disney World of the parks. There are six lands to keep track of here. When you lands to keep track of here. When you lands to keep track of here. When you walk in, you'll enter into Main Street walk in, you'll enter into Main Street walk in, you'll enter into Main Street USA. There are no rides here, but there USA. There are no rides here, but there USA. There are no rides here, but there are two modes of transportation that are are two modes of transportation that are are two modes of transportation that are kind of rides in and it of themselves. kind of rides in and it of themselves. kind of rides in and it of themselves. The first is Main Street vehicles. Main The first is Main Street vehicles. Main The first is Main Street vehicles. Main Street vehicles are actual historic Street vehicles are actual historic Street vehicles are actual historic vehicles that you can take up and down vehicles that you can take up and down vehicles that you can take up and down Main Street. This is going to be a one. Main Street. This is going to be a one. Main Street. This is going to be a one. If you happen to see one pull up while If you happen to see one pull up while If you happen to see one pull up while you're standing there and want to hop you're standing there and want to hop you're standing there and want to hop aboard, great, but don't feel like aboard, great, but don't feel like aboard, great, but don't feel like you're missing out if you don't. You can you're missing out if you don't. You can you're missing out if you don't. You can also find the Walt Disney World also find the Walt Disney World also find the Walt Disney World Railroad. This is an absolutely historic Railroad. This is an absolutely historic Railroad. This is an absolutely historic railroad that circles Magic Kingdom with railroad that circles Magic Kingdom with railroad that circles Magic Kingdom with stops on Main Street USA, Frontier Land, stops on Main Street USA, Frontier Land, stops on Main Street USA, Frontier Land, and Fantasy Land. This is a two. It is and Fantasy Land. This is a two. It is and Fantasy Land. This is a two. It is certainly an iconic Disney experience, certainly an iconic Disney experience, certainly an iconic Disney experience, but not necessarily one that will be the but not necessarily one that will be the but not necessarily one that will be the highlight of your trip. Shows-wise, Main highlight of your trip. Shows-wise, Main highlight of your trip. Shows-wise, Main Street is home to the fireworks show. Street is home to the fireworks show. Street is home to the fireworks show. Most times of the year, this is a show Most times of the year, this is a show Most times of the year, this is a show called Happily Ever After. You have not called Happily Ever After. You have not called Happily Ever After. You have not seen fireworks like Disney fireworks. seen fireworks like Disney fireworks. seen fireworks like Disney fireworks. The fireworks themselves are incredible, The fireworks themselves are incredible, The fireworks themselves are incredible, launching from about a mile behind the launching from about a mile behind the launching from about a mile behind the park as well as up at the castle. There park as well as up at the castle. There park as well as up at the castle. There are projections on the castle up and are projections on the castle up and are projections on the castle up and down Main Street. Incredible effects and down Main Street. Incredible effects and down Main Street. Incredible effects and some really surprising moments. This is some really surprising moments. This is some really surprising moments. This is a three. You absolutely have to make a three. You absolutely have to make a three. You absolutely have to make sure you see this show. The castle is sure you see this show. The castle is sure you see this show. The castle is also home to a show called Mickey's also home to a show called Mickey's also home to a show called Mickey's Magical Friendship Fair. This is a Magical Friendship Fair. This is a Magical Friendship Fair. This is a castle stage show with dancers and a lot castle stage show with dancers and a lot castle stage show with dancers and a lot of your favorite characters. It's going of your favorite characters. It's going of your favorite characters. It's going to go in the two category. You don't to go in the two category. You don't to go in the two category. You don't necessarily have to plan your day around necessarily have to plan your day around necessarily have to plan your day around it, but if you see it going on, you it, but if you see it going on, you it, but if you see it going on, you should stop. And if you've got kiddos should stop. And if you've got kiddos should stop. And if you've got kiddos who maybe have favorite characters in who maybe have favorite characters in who maybe have favorite characters in Tangled or Frozen, this show is a great Tangled or Frozen, this show is a great Tangled or Frozen, this show is a great one to catch. There's certainly more one to catch. There's certainly more one to catch. There's certainly more entertainment on Main Street, including entertainment on Main Street, including entertainment on Main Street, including the Main Street Filermonic Orchestra at the Main Street Filermonic Orchestra at the Main Street Filermonic Orchestra at Main Street USA, which is a marching Main Street USA, which is a marching Main Street USA, which is a marching band. It's going to be a one, but very band. It's going to be a one, but very band. It's going to be a one, but very cool if you see it. and the Dapper cool if you see it. and the Dapper cool if you see it. and the Dapper Dance, a classic barberh shop quartet Dance, a classic barberh shop quartet Dance, a classic barberh shop quartet that you should listen if you see them that you should listen if you see them that you should listen if you see them but are still going to be a one. The but are still going to be a one. The but are still going to be a one. The Festival of Fantasy Parade is the Festival of Fantasy Parade is the Festival of Fantasy Parade is the daytime parade and Disney Starlight is daytime parade and Disney Starlight is daytime parade and Disney Starlight is the nighttime parade complete with lots the nighttime parade complete with lots the nighttime parade complete with lots of lights and electric effects. Both of lights and electric effects. Both of lights and electric effects. Both parades are going to land at threes. parades are going to land at threes. parades are going to land at threes. They are really wonderful shows and They are really wonderful shows and They are really wonderful shows and definitely worth seeing. That said, just definitely worth seeing. That said, just definitely worth seeing. That said, just like how some of our ones might have like how some of our ones might have like how some of our ones might have people who should do them, keep that in people who should do them, keep that in people who should do them, keep that in mind for the threes too that you might mind for the threes too that you might mind for the threes too that you might not want to do them. If you're not a not want to do them. If you're not a not want to do them. If you're not a parades person, that doesn't make these parades person, that doesn't make these parades person, that doesn't make these parades definite must seas. Similar to parades definite must seas. Similar to parades definite must seas. Similar to how a roller coaster in the three how a roller coaster in the three how a roller coaster in the three category doesn't mean you should subject category doesn't mean you should subject category doesn't mean you should subject yourself to motion sickness if it's not yourself to motion sickness if it's not yourself to motion sickness if it's not your speed. Let's move on to fantasy your speed. Let's move on to fantasy your speed. Let's move on to fantasy land. This is probably the most famous land. This is probably the most famous land. This is probably the most famous land the Magic Kingdom has to offer. land the Magic Kingdom has to offer. land the Magic Kingdom has to offer. Inspired by storybook tales, it's also Inspired by storybook tales, it's also Inspired by storybook tales, it's also where you'll find a lot of the where you'll find a lot of the where you'll find a lot of the characters you and your kids will characters you and your kids will characters you and your kids will recognize from Disney movies. One ride recognize from Disney movies. One ride recognize from Disney movies. One ride that you'll probably recognize is Mad that you'll probably recognize is Mad that you'll probably recognize is Mad Tea Party. This is the iconic teacups Tea Party. This is the iconic teacups Tea Party. This is the iconic teacups attraction where you sit and spin in a attraction where you sit and spin in a attraction where you sit and spin in a teacup. This is going to be a two. It is teacup. This is going to be a two. It is teacup. This is going to be a two. It is classic and iconic, although the ride classic and iconic, although the ride classic and iconic, although the ride itself is pretty much just spinning as itself is pretty much just spinning as itself is pretty much just spinning as fast as you can. It's fun and the fast as you can. It's fun and the fast as you can. It's fun and the weights aren't typically long. Another weights aren't typically long. Another weights aren't typically long. Another attraction in this area is going to be attraction in this area is going to be attraction in this area is going to be It's a Small World. This is a boat ride It's a Small World. This is a boat ride It's a Small World. This is a boat ride that takes you through all parts of the that takes you through all parts of the that takes you through all parts of the world as children from all around the world as children from all around the world as children from all around the world sing about how It's a Small World world sing about how It's a Small World world sing about how It's a Small World after all. And yes, this will get stuck after all. And yes, this will get stuck after all. And yes, this will get stuck in your head for the rest of time. It's in your head for the rest of time. It's in your head for the rest of time. It's going to be a two as well. This is a going to be a two as well. This is a going to be a two as well. This is a very historic attraction. The original very historic attraction. The original very historic attraction. The original version debuted at the 1964 World's version debuted at the 1964 World's version debuted at the 1964 World's Fair. But if you're not too into history Fair. But if you're not too into history Fair. But if you're not too into history or classic Disney dark rides or or classic Disney dark rides or or classic Disney dark rides or everything I'm saying sounds like everything I'm saying sounds like everything I'm saying sounds like gibberish to you, you might think this gibberish to you, you might think this gibberish to you, you might think this is cute as you ride it. Unless this is is cute as you ride it. Unless this is is cute as you ride it. Unless this is super memorable. Another iconic one that super memorable. Another iconic one that super memorable. Another iconic one that you have probably seen pictures of. you have probably seen pictures of. you have probably seen pictures of. Dumbo the flying elephant. This is a Dumbo the flying elephant. This is a Dumbo the flying elephant. This is a ride where you sit inside your very own ride where you sit inside your very own ride where you sit inside your very own Dumbo and fly high above the Magic Dumbo and fly high above the Magic Dumbo and fly high above the Magic Kingdom. It is going to land in the two Kingdom. It is going to land in the two Kingdom. It is going to land in the two slot. Again, it's another one with a lot slot. Again, it's another one with a lot slot. Again, it's another one with a lot of historic value and a very great one of historic value and a very great one of historic value and a very great one if you have really little ones since it if you have really little ones since it if you have really little ones since it doesn't have a height requirement, which doesn't have a height requirement, which doesn't have a height requirement, which means everyone can ride it. Everyone means everyone can ride it. Everyone means everyone can ride it. Everyone from your babies all the way up to from your babies all the way up to from your babies all the way up to grandma. But it is what I like to call a grandma. But it is what I like to call a grandma. But it is what I like to call a pick you up and go around in a circle pick you up and go around in a circle pick you up and go around in a circle ride. That is to say, there's not too ride. That is to say, there's not too ride. That is to say, there's not too much going on. The Barntormer just next much going on. The Barntormer just next much going on. The Barntormer just next door is Disney World's starter coaster. door is Disney World's starter coaster. door is Disney World's starter coaster. This is a great one for introducing This is a great one for introducing This is a great one for introducing kids, and it is themed to Goofy flying a kids, and it is themed to Goofy flying a kids, and it is themed to Goofy flying a plane. This one is going to land in the plane. This one is going to land in the plane. This one is going to land in the two category. It is certainly not the two category. It is certainly not the two category. It is certainly not the best roller coaster in Disney World, but best roller coaster in Disney World, but best roller coaster in Disney World, but kids do tend to love it, and it is kids do tend to love it, and it is kids do tend to love it, and it is really fun. Under the Sea: Journey of really fun. Under the Sea: Journey of really fun. Under the Sea: Journey of the Little Mermaid is a dark ride where the Little Mermaid is a dark ride where the Little Mermaid is a dark ride where you ride in a clamshell through the you ride in a clamshell through the you ride in a clamshell through the story of The Little Mermaid. This one is story of The Little Mermaid. This one is story of The Little Mermaid. This one is a two as well. The animatronics and tech a two as well. The animatronics and tech a two as well. The animatronics and tech aren't quite as impressive as elsewhere aren't quite as impressive as elsewhere aren't quite as impressive as elsewhere in Disney World, but this is awesome for in Disney World, but this is awesome for in Disney World, but this is awesome for Little Mermaid lovers and a pretty Little Mermaid lovers and a pretty Little Mermaid lovers and a pretty classic Disney dark ride experience. classic Disney dark ride experience. classic Disney dark ride experience. Next up, The Mini Adventures of Winnie Next up, The Mini Adventures of Winnie Next up, The Mini Adventures of Winnie the Pooh. This is another dark ride the Pooh. This is another dark ride the Pooh. This is another dark ride taking you into the 100 acre wood to see taking you into the 100 acre wood to see taking you into the 100 acre wood to see Winnie the Pooh and friends on a very Winnie the Pooh and friends on a very Winnie the Pooh and friends on a very blustery day. This is an iconic blustery day. This is an iconic blustery day. This is an iconic attraction that is loved by many and is attraction that is loved by many and is attraction that is loved by many and is actually going to land in our three actually going to land in our three actually going to land in our three category as one of the best examples of category as one of the best examples of category as one of the best examples of Disney dark rides that exists in Magic Disney dark rides that exists in Magic Disney dark rides that exists in Magic Kingdom. One of the most classic Kingdom. One of the most classic Kingdom. One of the most classic attractions at all is Prince Charming attractions at all is Prince Charming attractions at all is Prince Charming Regal Carousel. A classic carousel that Regal Carousel. A classic carousel that Regal Carousel. A classic carousel that is very beautiful and is actually the is very beautiful and is actually the is very beautiful and is actually the oldest attraction in the park as it's oldest attraction in the park as it's oldest attraction in the park as it's over a 100red years old. That said, this over a 100red years old. That said, this over a 100red years old. That said, this is going to be in the one category worth is going to be in the one category worth is going to be in the one category worth doing if you've got kiddos who love a doing if you've got kiddos who love a doing if you've got kiddos who love a carousel, but it's also great just to carousel, but it's also great just to carousel, but it's also great just to look at. Seven Dwarfs Mine Train is one look at. Seven Dwarfs Mine Train is one look at. Seven Dwarfs Mine Train is one of the most popular rides in Magic of the most popular rides in Magic of the most popular rides in Magic Kingdom and has you riding in a swinging Kingdom and has you riding in a swinging Kingdom and has you riding in a swinging minecart roller coaster around and minecart roller coaster around and minecart roller coaster around and through the mountain where the dwarves through the mountain where the dwarves through the mountain where the dwarves are mining. You'll see some familiar are mining. You'll see some familiar are mining. You'll see some familiar faces here and even end up by Snow faces here and even end up by Snow faces here and even end up by Snow White's cottage. This one is incredibly White's cottage. This one is incredibly White's cottage. This one is incredibly popular for a reason and though it has a popular for a reason and though it has a popular for a reason and though it has a height requirement, is a family geared height requirement, is a family geared height requirement, is a family geared coaster and below by many. So, it is a coaster and below by many. So, it is a coaster and below by many. So, it is a three, a must do. And finally, the other three, a must do. And finally, the other three, a must do. And finally, the other best example of a classic Disney dark best example of a classic Disney dark best example of a classic Disney dark ride is Peter Pan's Flight. On this ride is Peter Pan's Flight. On this ride is Peter Pan's Flight. On this ride, you ride in a flying pirate ship ride, you ride in a flying pirate ship ride, you ride in a flying pirate ship over London and off to Neverland, where over London and off to Neverland, where over London and off to Neverland, where you'll see iconic scenes from the Peter you'll see iconic scenes from the Peter you'll see iconic scenes from the Peter Pan movie. This is certainly a three Pan movie. This is certainly a three Pan movie. This is certainly a three because it is so, so popular, and there because it is so, so popular, and there because it is so, so popular, and there is something so enchanting about flying is something so enchanting about flying is something so enchanting about flying over the landscapes. The only show in over the landscapes. The only show in over the landscapes. The only show in Fantasy Land is called Mickey's Fill Her Fantasy Land is called Mickey's Fill Her Fantasy Land is called Mickey's Fill Her Magic. This is a 3D show that is about Magic. This is a 3D show that is about Magic. This is a 3D show that is about of Mickey's wizard hat and antics ensue of Mickey's wizard hat and antics ensue of Mickey's wizard hat and antics ensue as he ends up transported through many as he ends up transported through many as he ends up transported through many iconic Disney movie scenes. This one iconic Disney movie scenes. This one iconic Disney movie scenes. This one lands at a two. It is a great place to lands at a two. It is a great place to lands at a two. It is a great place to get a little air conditioned break from get a little air conditioned break from get a little air conditioned break from the heat of the Magic Kingdom. It's not the heat of the Magic Kingdom. It's not the heat of the Magic Kingdom. It's not too long and it has a very cute story. too long and it has a very cute story. too long and it has a very cute story. Hopping just next door, we'll head to Hopping just next door, we'll head to Hopping just next door, we'll head to Liberty Square. This is a land themed to Liberty Square. This is a land themed to Liberty Square. This is a land themed to United States history, particularly the United States history, particularly the United States history, particularly the colonial times. The only attraction here colonial times. The only attraction here colonial times. The only attraction here is called Haunted Mansion. Haunted is called Haunted Mansion. Haunted is called Haunted Mansion. Haunted Mansion is another dark ride where you Mansion is another dark ride where you Mansion is another dark ride where you ride in a dune buggy through a haunted ride in a dune buggy through a haunted ride in a dune buggy through a haunted mansion. Home to 999 haunts with room mansion. Home to 999 haunts with room mansion. Home to 999 haunts with room for a thousand. Could it be you? That's for a thousand. Could it be you? That's for a thousand. Could it be you? That's what you'll find out. This ride is what you'll find out. This ride is what you'll find out. This ride is definitely one that will take you definitely one that will take you definitely one that will take you through some spookier environments with through some spookier environments with through some spookier environments with ghosts and ghouls alike, but it is not ghosts and ghouls alike, but it is not ghosts and ghouls alike, but it is not that scary. Many a kid loves Haunted that scary. Many a kid loves Haunted that scary. Many a kid loves Haunted Mansion. I rode it when I was very Mansion. I rode it when I was very Mansion. I rode it when I was very young, and it only scared me when it young, and it only scared me when it young, and it only scared me when it stopped one time on Halloween at stopped one time on Halloween at stopped one time on Halloween at midnight. I have every right to be midnight. I have every right to be midnight. I have every right to be scared when I'm stuck in a place called scared when I'm stuck in a place called scared when I'm stuck in a place called the Haunted Mansion at midnight on the Haunted Mansion at midnight on the Haunted Mansion at midnight on Halloween. This one is going to be a Halloween. This one is going to be a Halloween. This one is going to be a three as one of the most popular Disney three as one of the most popular Disney three as one of the most popular Disney attractions that many people consider a attractions that many people consider a attractions that many people consider a greatest of all time. And the show in greatest of all time. And the show in greatest of all time. And the show in this land is going to be called the Hall this land is going to be called the Hall this land is going to be called the Hall of Presidents. Hall of Presidents is a of Presidents. Hall of Presidents is a of Presidents. Hall of Presidents is a show featuring animatronics of every show featuring animatronics of every show featuring animatronics of every single president that the United States single president that the United States single president that the United States has had. In my opinion, it's the coolest has had. In my opinion, it's the coolest has had. In my opinion, it's the coolest way we keep track of the presidents way we keep track of the presidents way we keep track of the presidents we've had throughout time, but it is a we've had throughout time, but it is a we've had throughout time, but it is a rather long show and definitely more rather long show and definitely more rather long show and definitely more geared towards history. It's going to be geared towards history. It's going to be geared towards history. It's going to be a one. It's certainly skippable, but if a one. It's certainly skippable, but if a one. It's certainly skippable, but if you're a history nerd or a robotics you're a history nerd or a robotics you're a history nerd or a robotics nerd, you should hit this one up. nerd, you should hit this one up. nerd, you should hit this one up. Frontier Land is home to Tiana's Bayou Frontier Land is home to Tiana's Bayou Frontier Land is home to Tiana's Bayou Adventure. This is one of the newest Adventure. This is one of the newest Adventure. This is one of the newest attractions in Disney World and is a log attractions in Disney World and is a log attractions in Disney World and is a log flume ride where you join Tiana looking flume ride where you join Tiana looking flume ride where you join Tiana looking for the perfect band for her Martyra for the perfect band for her Martyra for the perfect band for her Martyra party. You'll see Tiana's work at party. You'll see Tiana's work at party. You'll see Tiana's work at Tiana's Foods, head into the bayou, and Tiana's Foods, head into the bayou, and Tiana's Foods, head into the bayou, and even end up at Tiana and Naveen's home. even end up at Tiana and Naveen's home. even end up at Tiana and Naveen's home. This is a long ride that is very popular This is a long ride that is very popular This is a long ride that is very popular and is going to land as a musto. A and is going to land as a musto. A and is going to land as a musto. A warning though, you may get wet. warning though, you may get wet. warning though, you may get wet. Frontier Land is also home to Big Frontier Land is also home to Big Frontier Land is also home to Big Thunder Mountain Railroad. This is a Thunder Mountain Railroad. This is a Thunder Mountain Railroad. This is a famous Disney attraction, also known as famous Disney attraction, also known as famous Disney attraction, also known as the wildest ride in the wilderness. You the wildest ride in the wilderness. You the wildest ride in the wilderness. You are on a runaway mine train through a are on a runaway mine train through a are on a runaway mine train through a mountain that is riddled with some mountain that is riddled with some mountain that is riddled with some surprising issues. Mostly, it's just a surprising issues. Mostly, it's just a surprising issues. Mostly, it's just a really fun roller coaster with some really fun roller coaster with some really fun roller coaster with some incredible frontier theming. It's incredible frontier theming. It's incredible frontier theming. It's another three. And the only show in another three. And the only show in another three. And the only show in Frontier Land is Country Bear Musical Frontier Land is Country Bear Musical Frontier Land is Country Bear Musical Jamarie, where animatronic bears sing Jamarie, where animatronic bears sing Jamarie, where animatronic bears sing classic Disney songs in country style. classic Disney songs in country style. classic Disney songs in country style. It is a great show for the whole family. It is a great show for the whole family. It is a great show for the whole family. It's got some laughs to it, and you'll It's got some laughs to it, and you'll It's got some laughs to it, and you'll definitely recognize some of these definitely recognize some of these definitely recognize some of these tunes. This one is a two. It's another tunes. This one is a two. It's another tunes. This one is a two. It's another break in the air conditioning, and break in the air conditioning, and break in the air conditioning, and lovable characters. Moving on to lovable characters. Moving on to lovable characters. Moving on to Adventureland, we find ourselves at Adventureland, we find ourselves at Adventureland, we find ourselves at Pirates of the Caribbean. Pirates of the Pirates of the Caribbean. Pirates of the Pirates of the Caribbean. Pirates of the Caribbean is a ride where you hop in a Caribbean is a ride where you hop in a Caribbean is a ride where you hop in a boat and journey back in time to the boat and journey back in time to the boat and journey back in time to the golden age of piracy. You might golden age of piracy. You might golden age of piracy. You might recognize some characters on this ride recognize some characters on this ride recognize some characters on this ride from the Pirates of the Caribbean films from the Pirates of the Caribbean films from the Pirates of the Caribbean films like Captain Jack Sparrow, but mostly like Captain Jack Sparrow, but mostly like Captain Jack Sparrow, but mostly you're just going to see some pillaging, you're just going to see some pillaging, you're just going to see some pillaging, some plundering, and hear a very catchy some plundering, and hear a very catchy some plundering, and hear a very catchy tune. Many pirates saying yo-ho. This is tune. Many pirates saying yo-ho. This is tune. Many pirates saying yo-ho. This is a three as one of the most popular rides a three as one of the most popular rides a three as one of the most popular rides in Disney World that doesn't get too in Disney World that doesn't get too in Disney World that doesn't get too long lines and is absolutely historic. long lines and is absolutely historic. long lines and is absolutely historic. This is one of the rides that put Disney This is one of the rides that put Disney This is one of the rides that put Disney on the map. Speaking of rides that put on the map. Speaking of rides that put on the map. Speaking of rides that put Disney on the map, Jungle Cruise is also Disney on the map, Jungle Cruise is also Disney on the map, Jungle Cruise is also here in Adventure Land. This is a ride I here in Adventure Land. This is a ride I here in Adventure Land. This is a ride I like to lovingly call Jokes and Boats, like to lovingly call Jokes and Boats, like to lovingly call Jokes and Boats, where you get in a boat and ride past where you get in a boat and ride past where you get in a boat and ride past animatronic creatures through the rivers animatronic creatures through the rivers animatronic creatures through the rivers of the world as a skipper guide tells of the world as a skipper guide tells of the world as a skipper guide tells you some very punny jokes along the way. you some very punny jokes along the way. you some very punny jokes along the way. You might laugh, you might cringe, but You might laugh, you might cringe, but You might laugh, you might cringe, but you'll have a good time. This one is a you'll have a good time. This one is a you'll have a good time. This one is a three as well as a pretty famous Disney three as well as a pretty famous Disney three as well as a pretty famous Disney attraction. Just next door is the Magic attraction. Just next door is the Magic attraction. Just next door is the Magic Carpets of Aladdin. This is basically a Carpets of Aladdin. This is basically a Carpets of Aladdin. This is basically a Dumbo style attraction, but instead of Dumbo style attraction, but instead of Dumbo style attraction, but instead of an elephant, you are on a magic carpet an elephant, you are on a magic carpet an elephant, you are on a magic carpet ride inspired by Aladdin. This one is ride inspired by Aladdin. This one is ride inspired by Aladdin. This one is actually going to land in the one actually going to land in the one actually going to land in the one category. It is the same ride as Dumbo, category. It is the same ride as Dumbo, category. It is the same ride as Dumbo, and Dumbo is more historic, so I would and Dumbo is more historic, so I would and Dumbo is more historic, so I would say swing towards Dumbo. However, this say swing towards Dumbo. However, this say swing towards Dumbo. However, this is a fun ride, and your little kiddos is a fun ride, and your little kiddos is a fun ride, and your little kiddos who love Dumbo will certainly love this who love Dumbo will certainly love this who love Dumbo will certainly love this one, too. The show in Adventure Land is one, too. The show in Adventure Land is one, too. The show in Adventure Land is called The Enchanted Tiki Room. This is called The Enchanted Tiki Room. This is called The Enchanted Tiki Room. This is a show that had Walt Disney creating a show that had Walt Disney creating a show that had Walt Disney creating animatronics for the first time. The animatronics for the first time. The animatronics for the first time. The birds in the original version of the birds in the original version of the birds in the original version of the Enchanted Tiki Room were the first ever Enchanted Tiki Room were the first ever Enchanted Tiki Room were the first ever animatronics that were created. They are animatronics that were created. They are animatronics that were created. They are little robotic birds that sing the tunes little robotic birds that sing the tunes little robotic birds that sing the tunes of the enchanted tiki room as the entire of the enchanted tiki room as the entire of the enchanted tiki room as the entire tinki room comes to life around you. The tinki room comes to life around you. The tinki room comes to life around you. The birds sing words, the flowers crrew. birds sing words, the flowers crrew. birds sing words, the flowers crrew. It's the tiki tiki tiki tiki tiki room. It's the tiki tiki tiki tiki tiki room. It's the tiki tiki tiki tiki tiki room. This one's historic, but it is still This one's historic, but it is still This one's historic, but it is still going to land in the one category. If going to land in the one category. If going to land in the one category. If you don't care too much about Disney you don't care too much about Disney you don't care too much about Disney history, this one might feel a little history, this one might feel a little history, this one might feel a little bit boring in this day and age. Back bit boring in this day and age. Back bit boring in this day and age. Back across the park, let's talk across the park, let's talk across the park, let's talk Tomorrowland. Tomorrowland is a land Tomorrowland. Tomorrowland is a land Tomorrowland. Tomorrowland is a land inspired by the future in kind of a inspired by the future in kind of a inspired by the future in kind of a retrofuturistic kind of way. One ride retrofuturistic kind of way. One ride retrofuturistic kind of way. One ride here is called the Tomorrowland Transit here is called the Tomorrowland Transit here is called the Tomorrowland Transit Authority People Mover. This is an Authority People Mover. This is an Authority People Mover. This is an attraction that hardly ever has a very attraction that hardly ever has a very attraction that hardly ever has a very long line as you join a People Mover long line as you join a People Mover long line as you join a People Mover that takes you on a tour around that takes you on a tour around that takes you on a tour around Tomorrowland. You'll see some of the Tomorrowland. You'll see some of the Tomorrowland. You'll see some of the other attractions from a very unique other attractions from a very unique other attractions from a very unique vantage point and mostly you'll get a vantage point and mostly you'll get a vantage point and mostly you'll get a nice relaxing ride without too much of a nice relaxing ride without too much of a nice relaxing ride without too much of a wait. This is actually a three. It is wait. This is actually a three. It is wait. This is actually a three. It is beloved by pretty much everybody. So, beloved by pretty much everybody. So, beloved by pretty much everybody. So, you can't miss this one even though it you can't miss this one even though it you can't miss this one even though it doesn't seem that exciting. Plus, the doesn't seem that exciting. Plus, the doesn't seem that exciting. Plus, the wait's not long, so why not? Across the wait's not long, so why not? Across the wait's not long, so why not? Across the way is Space Mountain. You may have seen way is Space Mountain. You may have seen way is Space Mountain. You may have seen this Disney ride before. It is another this Disney ride before. It is another this Disney ride before. It is another of the most iconic attractions. This one of the most iconic attractions. This one of the most iconic attractions. This one is a bit of an older ride. It is a steel is a bit of an older ride. It is a steel is a bit of an older ride. It is a steel coaster where you rocket through space coaster where you rocket through space coaster where you rocket through space in almost pitch black circumstances. in almost pitch black circumstances. in almost pitch black circumstances. It's a little herkyjerky. Be prepared to It's a little herkyjerky. Be prepared to It's a little herkyjerky. Be prepared to be shaken around. But it is a very, very be shaken around. But it is a very, very be shaken around. But it is a very, very popular roller coaster all the same. popular roller coaster all the same. popular roller coaster all the same. Because of how herkyjerky it is and that Because of how herkyjerky it is and that Because of how herkyjerky it is and that there are a lot of much cooler coasters there are a lot of much cooler coasters there are a lot of much cooler coasters in Disney World, it's going to be a 2.5. in Disney World, it's going to be a 2.5. in Disney World, it's going to be a 2.5. But remember, this one's iconic for a But remember, this one's iconic for a But remember, this one's iconic for a reason, and it is pretty fun. Another of reason, and it is pretty fun. Another of reason, and it is pretty fun. Another of the newest attractions in Disney World the newest attractions in Disney World the newest attractions in Disney World is Tron Light Cycle Run. This is a is Tron Light Cycle Run. This is a is Tron Light Cycle Run. This is a high-speed launch coaster where you ride high-speed launch coaster where you ride high-speed launch coaster where you ride your very own light cycle on a very your very own light cycle on a very your very own light cycle on a very thrilling outdoor launch and into the thrilling outdoor launch and into the thrilling outdoor launch and into the grid from Tron. It is a short attraction grid from Tron. It is a short attraction grid from Tron. It is a short attraction and a very common thing at the end of it and a very common thing at the end of it and a very common thing at the end of it is to hear people saying that's it. But is to hear people saying that's it. But is to hear people saying that's it. But while you're on it, it is very fun. It's while you're on it, it is very fun. It's while you're on it, it is very fun. It's going to be a three just because of how going to be a three just because of how going to be a three just because of how popular it remains as one of the newest popular it remains as one of the newest popular it remains as one of the newest and highest tech roller coasters in and highest tech roller coasters in and highest tech roller coasters in Disney World. Buzz Lightyear Space Disney World. Buzz Lightyear Space Disney World. Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin is an attraction where you Ranger Spin is an attraction where you Ranger Spin is an attraction where you join Buzz Lightyear from the Toy Story join Buzz Lightyear from the Toy Story join Buzz Lightyear from the Toy Story series as he battles against his arch series as he battles against his arch series as he battles against his arch nemesis, Zurg. You'll get your very own nemesis, Zurg. You'll get your very own nemesis, Zurg. You'll get your very own blaster and get to rack up points in blaster and get to rack up points in blaster and get to rack up points in competition against your family. This competition against your family. This competition against your family. This one is very fun and it's probably in one is very fun and it's probably in one is very fun and it's probably in that 2.5 territory. Not quite one that I that 2.5 territory. Not quite one that I that 2.5 territory. Not quite one that I would say every single person has to do, would say every single person has to do, would say every single person has to do, but you shouldn't miss it if you can but you shouldn't miss it if you can but you shouldn't miss it if you can help it. Tomorrowland Speedway is an help it. Tomorrowland Speedway is an help it. Tomorrowland Speedway is an attraction where you sit in your very attraction where you sit in your very attraction where you sit in your very own little car and drive it along a own little car and drive it along a own little car and drive it along a speedway. This one is very loud, smells speedway. This one is very loud, smells speedway. This one is very loud, smells like gasoline, and is not that exciting like gasoline, and is not that exciting like gasoline, and is not that exciting for adults who drive their own car all for adults who drive their own car all for adults who drive their own car all the time, but for kids who can't drive, the time, but for kids who can't drive, the time, but for kids who can't drive, very exciting. It's going to be a one very exciting. It's going to be a one very exciting. It's going to be a one because it is certainly skippable. And because it is certainly skippable. And because it is certainly skippable. And the puddle is so hard to press down, it the puddle is so hard to press down, it the puddle is so hard to press down, it might like give you a calf cramp. I might like give you a calf cramp. I might like give you a calf cramp. I don't know why it's so hard to press don't know why it's so hard to press don't know why it's so hard to press down. And our final true Tomorrowland down. And our final true Tomorrowland down. And our final true Tomorrowland ride is Astro Orbiter. This is a demo ride is Astro Orbiter. This is a demo ride is Astro Orbiter. This is a demo style attraction that actually sits on style attraction that actually sits on style attraction that actually sits on top of a building in Tomorrowland, so top of a building in Tomorrowland, so top of a building in Tomorrowland, so it's some of the highest views that you it's some of the highest views that you it's some of the highest views that you can get in Magic Kingdom. You ride in a can get in Magic Kingdom. You ride in a can get in Magic Kingdom. You ride in a rocket and it's a bit more thrilling rocket and it's a bit more thrilling rocket and it's a bit more thrilling than the other Dumbo style attractions than the other Dumbo style attractions than the other Dumbo style attractions because of its height and its speed. because of its height and its speed. because of its height and its speed. That said, this one is uncomfortable, That said, this one is uncomfortable, That said, this one is uncomfortable, typically has very long lines, and typically has very long lines, and typically has very long lines, and unless you're really excited about the unless you're really excited about the unless you're really excited about the prospect of the view, it's not too prospect of the view, it's not too prospect of the view, it's not too different from other Dumbo style different from other Dumbo style different from other Dumbo style attractions. So, Astro Orbiter will be attractions. So, Astro Orbiter will be attractions. So, Astro Orbiter will be A1. Tomorrowland has two shows. One of A1. Tomorrowland has two shows. One of A1. Tomorrowland has two shows. One of those is Monsters Inc. Laugh Floor, a those is Monsters Inc. Laugh Floor, a those is Monsters Inc. Laugh Floor, a show where real live monsters tell real show where real live monsters tell real show where real live monsters tell real life jokes. It's different every time life jokes. It's different every time life jokes. It's different every time because these are real performers and because these are real performers and because these are real performers and there's a lot of audience participation. there's a lot of audience participation. there's a lot of audience participation. This one is a two. If you don't have This one is a two. If you don't have This one is a two. If you don't have time for it, don't feel too beaten down time for it, don't feel too beaten down time for it, don't feel too beaten down by it, but this is an incredible show. by it, but this is an incredible show. by it, but this is an incredible show. Absolutely worth seeing if you do have Absolutely worth seeing if you do have Absolutely worth seeing if you do have the time. I promise you'll laugh. And the time. I promise you'll laugh. And the time. I promise you'll laugh. And Carousel of Progress. This is another of Carousel of Progress. This is another of Carousel of Progress. This is another of those historic attractions that debuted those historic attractions that debuted those historic attractions that debuted at the 1964-65 World Fair, where a at the 1964-65 World Fair, where a at the 1964-65 World Fair, where a family takes you through the history of family takes you through the history of family takes you through the history of technology. It is a very charming technology. It is a very charming technology. It is a very charming attraction that has gotten some updates attraction that has gotten some updates attraction that has gotten some updates over the years to keep it up to date. A over the years to keep it up to date. A over the years to keep it up to date. A great way to get a nice break in the air great way to get a nice break in the air great way to get a nice break in the air conditioning. And the theater actually conditioning. And the theater actually conditioning. And the theater actually rotates. You sit down in the seat and rotates. You sit down in the seat and rotates. You sit down in the seat and you see four different stages over the you see four different stages over the you see four different stages over the course as your chair moves with the rest course as your chair moves with the rest course as your chair moves with the rest of the building. This one is a two. of the building. This one is a two. of the building. This one is a two. Another historic one, but not the end of Another historic one, but not the end of Another historic one, but not the end of the world if you can't quite get to it. the world if you can't quite get to it. the world if you can't quite get to it. With Magic Kingdom done, let's move on With Magic Kingdom done, let's move on With Magic Kingdom done, let's move on to the second Disney World park, Epcot. to the second Disney World park, Epcot. to the second Disney World park, Epcot. This one opened in the 80s and This one opened in the 80s and This one opened in the 80s and originally stood for the experimental originally stood for the experimental originally stood for the experimental prototype community of tomorrow. This prototype community of tomorrow. This prototype community of tomorrow. This park is a bit about the world around us park is a bit about the world around us park is a bit about the world around us and was partially designed to emulate a and was partially designed to emulate a and was partially designed to emulate a permanent world's fair. There are four permanent world's fair. There are four permanent world's fair. There are four lands in this park, but don't be fooled. lands in this park, but don't be fooled. lands in this park, but don't be fooled. It is a lot of walking. It's a very big It is a lot of walking. It's a very big It is a lot of walking. It's a very big theme park. The first land is World theme park. The first land is World theme park. The first land is World Celebration. World Celebration is home Celebration. World Celebration is home Celebration. World Celebration is home to the most iconic ride that Epcot has. to the most iconic ride that Epcot has. to the most iconic ride that Epcot has. If you've heard of or seen a photo of If you've heard of or seen a photo of If you've heard of or seen a photo of Epcot, you've probably seen the giant Epcot, you've probably seen the giant Epcot, you've probably seen the giant Epcot ball. This is Spaceship Earth. Epcot ball. This is Spaceship Earth. Epcot ball. This is Spaceship Earth. Inside that ball is a ride where you go Inside that ball is a ride where you go Inside that ball is a ride where you go on a dark ride through the history of on a dark ride through the history of on a dark ride through the history of human communication. There are tons of human communication. There are tons of human communication. There are tons of animatronics, 60 actually we've counted, animatronics, 60 actually we've counted, animatronics, 60 actually we've counted, and very cool scenes that take you and very cool scenes that take you and very cool scenes that take you throughout this ride. Plus, you're throughout this ride. Plus, you're throughout this ride. Plus, you're riding inside that giant geodessic riding inside that giant geodessic riding inside that giant geodessic sphere, which is just plain cool. This sphere, which is just plain cool. This sphere, which is just plain cool. This is a three and I'm pleased to tell you is a three and I'm pleased to tell you is a three and I'm pleased to tell you it does not typically have long waits. it does not typically have long waits. it does not typically have long waits. World Celebration is also home to World Celebration is also home to World Celebration is also home to Journey into Imagination with Figment. Journey into Imagination with Figment. Journey into Imagination with Figment. This is an attraction in the imagination This is an attraction in the imagination This is an attraction in the imagination pavilion where you head to the pavilion where you head to the pavilion where you head to the Imagination Institute to learn about the Imagination Institute to learn about the Imagination Institute to learn about the way imagination works. But things are way imagination works. But things are way imagination works. But things are derailed a bit when the scientist's own derailed a bit when the scientist's own derailed a bit when the scientist's own figment of imagination comes to life as figment of imagination comes to life as figment of imagination comes to life as a purple dragon and takes you into his a purple dragon and takes you into his a purple dragon and takes you into his version of imagination, which is a version of imagination, which is a version of imagination, which is a little bit more fun. It is a wacky, little bit more fun. It is a wacky, little bit more fun. It is a wacky, wonky attraction that has some haters wonky attraction that has some haters wonky attraction that has some haters and some lovers. So, it's going to land and some lovers. So, it's going to land and some lovers. So, it's going to land as a two. It's a quick ride though that as a two. It's a quick ride though that as a two. It's a quick ride though that often has a short weight. So, it's often has a short weight. So, it's often has a short weight. So, it's another of those like why not another of those like why not another of those like why not attractions. I also love it. I love that attractions. I also love it. I love that attractions. I also love it. I love that purple dragon. And he's pretty famous, purple dragon. And he's pretty famous, purple dragon. And he's pretty famous, so you might want to ride it just to be so you might want to ride it just to be so you might want to ride it just to be in the know. Just next door at the in the know. Just next door at the in the know. Just next door at the Imagination Pavilion is the Disney Pixar Imagination Pavilion is the Disney Pixar Imagination Pavilion is the Disney Pixar Short Film Festival. This is kind of a Short Film Festival. This is kind of a Short Film Festival. This is kind of a long show, but it is a 4D theater where long show, but it is a 4D theater where long show, but it is a 4D theater where you will watch Pixar shorts. You might you will watch Pixar shorts. You might you will watch Pixar shorts. You might remember some of these from seeing them remember some of these from seeing them remember some of these from seeing them in theaters right before you saw a new in theaters right before you saw a new in theaters right before you saw a new Pixar film. Iconic shorts are shown in Pixar film. Iconic shorts are shown in Pixar film. Iconic shorts are shown in this theater in a way you've never seen this theater in a way you've never seen this theater in a way you've never seen them before since it is 4D. That said, them before since it is 4D. That said, them before since it is 4D. That said, this is a one. It's a great thing to do this is a one. It's a great thing to do this is a one. It's a great thing to do if lines are really long or you just if lines are really long or you just if lines are really long or you just need to get out of the heat, but it's a need to get out of the heat, but it's a need to get out of the heat, but it's a long show and there's a lot of better long show and there's a lot of better long show and there's a lot of better stuff to do in Epcot. The next land is stuff to do in Epcot. The next land is stuff to do in Epcot. The next land is World Nature. One of the rides is called World Nature. One of the rides is called World Nature. One of the rides is called The Seas with Nemo and Friends. This is The Seas with Nemo and Friends. This is The Seas with Nemo and Friends. This is weirdly another dark ride where you ride weirdly another dark ride where you ride weirdly another dark ride where you ride in a clamshell. this time through a in a clamshell. this time through a in a clamshell. this time through a little retelling that's a little more little retelling that's a little more little retelling that's a little more lighthearted of defining Nemo's story. lighthearted of defining Nemo's story. lighthearted of defining Nemo's story. This time Nemo's just playing This time Nemo's just playing This time Nemo's just playing hide-and-seek. You'll see beloved hide-and-seek. You'll see beloved hide-and-seek. You'll see beloved characters and iconic scenes from the characters and iconic scenes from the characters and iconic scenes from the film. And the coolest part is that this film. And the coolest part is that this film. And the coolest part is that this ride actually ends with you looking at ride actually ends with you looking at ride actually ends with you looking at real aquarium tanks and then lets out in real aquarium tanks and then lets out in real aquarium tanks and then lets out in the massive seas aquarium that Epcot is the massive seas aquarium that Epcot is the massive seas aquarium that Epcot is home to. Nearby in the land pavilion, home to. Nearby in the land pavilion, home to. Nearby in the land pavilion, you'll find Living with the Land. This you'll find Living with the Land. This you'll find Living with the Land. This is a boat ride that takes you into is a boat ride that takes you into is a boat ride that takes you into Epcot's actual green houses where a lot Epcot's actual green houses where a lot Epcot's actual green houses where a lot of produce that is used in the different of produce that is used in the different of produce that is used in the different restaurants around the park is actually restaurants around the park is actually restaurants around the park is actually grown. You'll learn all about new grown. You'll learn all about new grown. You'll learn all about new growing techniques and see some pretty growing techniques and see some pretty growing techniques and see some pretty unique plants. I know this sounds kind unique plants. I know this sounds kind unique plants. I know this sounds kind of boring, but a lot of people consider of boring, but a lot of people consider of boring, but a lot of people consider this one of the best things to do in this one of the best things to do in this one of the best things to do in Epcot. And it actually is going to land Epcot. And it actually is going to land Epcot. And it actually is going to land as a three, especially because the line as a three, especially because the line as a three, especially because the line is typically short. And this pavilion is is typically short. And this pavilion is is typically short. And this pavilion is also home to Saurin. Saurin is an also home to Saurin. Saurin is an also home to Saurin. Saurin is an attraction that takes you over many attraction that takes you over many attraction that takes you over many different scenes from all around the different scenes from all around the different scenes from all around the world or the United States as if you world or the United States as if you world or the United States as if you were flying above them in a plane or were flying above them in a plane or were flying above them in a plane or hang glider. It's a very relaxing hang glider. It's a very relaxing hang glider. It's a very relaxing attraction and it's kind of a mix attraction and it's kind of a mix attraction and it's kind of a mix between a ride and a theater as you are between a ride and a theater as you are between a ride and a theater as you are lifted off of your feet to fly above the lifted off of your feet to fly above the lifted off of your feet to fly above the huge screen. One of the best parts about huge screen. One of the best parts about huge screen. One of the best parts about it is it does have scents. So, as you it is it does have scents. So, as you it is it does have scents. So, as you are riding the ride, keep your nose are riding the ride, keep your nose are riding the ride, keep your nose open. You never know what you might open. You never know what you might open. You never know what you might smell. On Figment, it's not all good smell. On Figment, it's not all good smell. On Figment, it's not all good stuff, but on this it's all good stuff. stuff, but on this it's all good stuff. stuff, but on this it's all good stuff. Saurin is going to be a three. It's one Saurin is going to be a three. It's one Saurin is going to be a three. It's one that a lot of people think that you that a lot of people think that you that a lot of people think that you can't miss. In the Sea Pavilion, you'll can't miss. In the Sea Pavilion, you'll can't miss. In the Sea Pavilion, you'll also find Turtle Talk with Crush. This also find Turtle Talk with Crush. This also find Turtle Talk with Crush. This is a show that is geared towards kids is a show that is geared towards kids is a show that is geared towards kids where you can actually speak to Crush where you can actually speak to Crush where you can actually speak to Crush the Turtle from the Finding Nemo films. the Turtle from the Finding Nemo films. the Turtle from the Finding Nemo films. He will interact with kids in the He will interact with kids in the He will interact with kids in the audience by name and it is a very fun, audience by name and it is a very fun, audience by name and it is a very fun, very interactive show. Turtle Talk with very interactive show. Turtle Talk with very interactive show. Turtle Talk with Crush is going to land at a one. If you Crush is going to land at a one. If you Crush is going to land at a one. If you have kiddos who love interacting with have kiddos who love interacting with have kiddos who love interacting with their favorite characters, it might be a their favorite characters, it might be a their favorite characters, it might be a three for you, but it's a little more three for you, but it's a little more three for you, but it's a little more missable than some other attractions in missable than some other attractions in missable than some other attractions in most cases. The Land also has a movie most cases. The Land also has a movie most cases. The Land also has a movie called Awesome Planet, which talks a bit called Awesome Planet, which talks a bit called Awesome Planet, which talks a bit about Earth and climate change. It's about Earth and climate change. It's about Earth and climate change. It's actually a very stunning film, but it's actually a very stunning film, but it's actually a very stunning film, but it's going to land in the one category going to land in the one category going to land in the one category because though it is beautiful and because though it is beautiful and because though it is beautiful and pretty funny and also very educational, pretty funny and also very educational, pretty funny and also very educational, it's certainly not a must do. Across the it's certainly not a must do. Across the it's certainly not a must do. Across the way, we'll find World Discovery, where way, we'll find World Discovery, where way, we'll find World Discovery, where we're focused a lot more on pushing the we're focused a lot more on pushing the we're focused a lot more on pushing the boundaries. One way that we do that is boundaries. One way that we do that is boundaries. One way that we do that is on Mission Space, a ride that NASA on Mission Space, a ride that NASA on Mission Space, a ride that NASA astronauts helped to develop and many astronauts helped to develop and many astronauts helped to develop and many have called the closest sensation there have called the closest sensation there have called the closest sensation there is to astronaut training. There is a is to astronaut training. There is a is to astronaut training. There is a green and orange side. The green side green and orange side. The green side green and orange side. The green side being less intense, the orange being being less intense, the orange being being less intense, the orange being more. On the orange side, you will feel more. On the orange side, you will feel more. On the orange side, you will feel G forces, very similar to what G forces, very similar to what G forces, very similar to what astronauts feel when they train to be astronauts feel when they train to be astronauts feel when they train to be launched in a rocket. It is an intense launched in a rocket. It is an intense launched in a rocket. It is an intense ride, so intense they do put motion ride, so intense they do put motion ride, so intense they do put motion sickness bags on the ride. And no matter sickness bags on the ride. And no matter sickness bags on the ride. And no matter which side, if you're a little which side, if you're a little which side, if you're a little claustrophobic, you might want to steer claustrophobic, you might want to steer claustrophobic, you might want to steer clear of this one. That said, it's a clear of this one. That said, it's a clear of this one. That said, it's a pretty cool experience, but I do think pretty cool experience, but I do think pretty cool experience, but I do think it still leans more towards the one it still leans more towards the one it still leans more towards the one category, I think you should try it, but category, I think you should try it, but category, I think you should try it, but I don't think that it's the end of the I don't think that it's the end of the I don't think that it's the end of the world if you don't. Guardians of the world if you don't. Guardians of the world if you don't. Guardians of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind is one of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind is one of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind is one of the newest attractions in Epcot and is a newest attractions in Epcot and is a newest attractions in Epcot and is a Guardians of the Galaxy themed roller Guardians of the Galaxy themed roller Guardians of the Galaxy themed roller coaster. This is an omni coaster. That coaster. This is an omni coaster. That coaster. This is an omni coaster. That means that your car rotates 360° as you means that your car rotates 360° as you means that your car rotates 360° as you hurdle through space to soundtracks. And hurdle through space to soundtracks. And hurdle through space to soundtracks. And there are six different songs that you there are six different songs that you there are six different songs that you can get on this ride, plus some fun can get on this ride, plus some fun can get on this ride, plus some fun commentary from the Guardians of the commentary from the Guardians of the commentary from the Guardians of the Galaxy. This is an absolutely incredible Galaxy. This is an absolutely incredible Galaxy. This is an absolutely incredible attraction considered by many to be the attraction considered by many to be the attraction considered by many to be the most fun ride in Disney World. For some, most fun ride in Disney World. For some, most fun ride in Disney World. For some, it causes motion sickness, but it's it causes motion sickness, but it's it causes motion sickness, but it's going to be a three in most cases as it going to be a three in most cases as it going to be a three in most cases as it is just a really, really fun roller is just a really, really fun roller is just a really, really fun roller coaster. Also in World Discovery is the coaster. Also in World Discovery is the coaster. Also in World Discovery is the newly updated test track. This is an newly updated test track. This is an newly updated test track. This is an attraction where you ride in the car and attraction where you ride in the car and attraction where you ride in the car and learn a bit about what the future of learn a bit about what the future of learn a bit about what the future of driving technologies could look like. driving technologies could look like. driving technologies could look like. I've just described it in a very boring I've just described it in a very boring I've just described it in a very boring way, but it's also the fastest ride in way, but it's also the fastest ride in way, but it's also the fastest ride in Disney World. At the end, you go about Disney World. At the end, you go about Disney World. At the end, you go about are very cool and some of the highest are very cool and some of the highest are very cool and some of the highest technology scenes that there are. And technology scenes that there are. And technology scenes that there are. And the launch at the end where you go super the launch at the end where you go super the launch at the end where you go super fast is very thrilling. This is a fast is very thrilling. This is a fast is very thrilling. This is a popular attraction and with this update popular attraction and with this update popular attraction and with this update is going to land as a three. The final is going to land as a three. The final is going to land as a three. The final land in Epcot is World Showcase and it land in Epcot is World Showcase and it land in Epcot is World Showcase and it is the largest because it is 11 is the largest because it is 11 is the largest because it is 11 different pavilions representing different pavilions representing different pavilions representing countries from around the world. That countries from around the world. That countries from around the world. That said, there aren't a ton of rides though said, there aren't a ton of rides though said, there aren't a ton of rides though there are a handful of shows. One ride there are a handful of shows. One ride there are a handful of shows. One ride is another of the newest in Epcot which is another of the newest in Epcot which is another of the newest in Epcot which is Remy's Ratatouille Adventure. This is is Remy's Ratatouille Adventure. This is is Remy's Ratatouille Adventure. This is an attraction where you climb inside a an attraction where you climb inside a an attraction where you climb inside a rat and then head to Gustau's kitchen as rat and then head to Gustau's kitchen as rat and then head to Gustau's kitchen as well as Rey's restaurant from the well as Rey's restaurant from the well as Rey's restaurant from the Ratatouille movie. There's a bit of fun Ratatouille movie. There's a bit of fun Ratatouille movie. There's a bit of fun as Chef Skinner of course tries to as Chef Skinner of course tries to as Chef Skinner of course tries to reveal that Linguini is working with a reveal that Linguini is working with a reveal that Linguini is working with a rat, but it's a fun similar attraction. rat, but it's a fun similar attraction. rat, but it's a fun similar attraction. It also has some smells and it is very It also has some smells and it is very It also has some smells and it is very popular. That said, it's going to be a popular. That said, it's going to be a popular. That said, it's going to be a two. It's kind of back and forth whether two. It's kind of back and forth whether two. It's kind of back and forth whether people think this ride is overrated or people think this ride is overrated or people think this ride is overrated or well worth the hype. So, we'll put it well worth the hype. So, we'll put it well worth the hype. So, we'll put it right in the middle. Frozen Ever After right in the middle. Frozen Ever After right in the middle. Frozen Ever After in the Norway Pavilion is a boat ride in the Norway Pavilion is a boat ride in the Norway Pavilion is a boat ride that takes place just after the events that takes place just after the events that takes place just after the events of the first Frozen movie. With this, of the first Frozen movie. With this, of the first Frozen movie. With this, you're celebrating Summer Snow Day and you're celebrating Summer Snow Day and you're celebrating Summer Snow Day and heading up to visit Elsa's ice palace. heading up to visit Elsa's ice palace. heading up to visit Elsa's ice palace. You'll see iconic characters like Anna, You'll see iconic characters like Anna, You'll see iconic characters like Anna, Kristoff, Elsa, and Olaf. And you know, Kristoff, Elsa, and Olaf. And you know, Kristoff, Elsa, and Olaf. And you know, you'll hear some of the iconic songs, you'll hear some of the iconic songs, you'll hear some of the iconic songs, particularly Let It Go. This ride has particularly Let It Go. This ride has particularly Let It Go. This ride has very impressive animatronics and is the very impressive animatronics and is the very impressive animatronics and is the experience that will just put a smile on experience that will just put a smile on experience that will just put a smile on your face. It's a three. It's very your face. It's a three. It's very your face. It's a three. It's very popular. Who doesn't love Frozen? The popular. Who doesn't love Frozen? The popular. Who doesn't love Frozen? The final true ride in World Showcase is final true ride in World Showcase is final true ride in World Showcase is called Grand Fiesta Tour starring the called Grand Fiesta Tour starring the called Grand Fiesta Tour starring the three Cabayos and is in the Mexico three Cabayos and is in the Mexico three Cabayos and is in the Mexico pavilion. This one is a boat ride that pavilion. This one is a boat ride that pavilion. This one is a boat ride that takes you through Mexico with the three takes you through Mexico with the three takes you through Mexico with the three caviaros. Donald is getting into some caviaros. Donald is getting into some caviaros. Donald is getting into some antics and the other Caviaros are antics and the other Caviaros are antics and the other Caviaros are looking for him because they have a show looking for him because they have a show looking for him because they have a show to get to. Throughout the ride, you'll to get to. Throughout the ride, you'll to get to. Throughout the ride, you'll see Donald in different funny scenarios see Donald in different funny scenarios see Donald in different funny scenarios around Mexico before they reunite for a around Mexico before they reunite for a around Mexico before they reunite for a big finale show. This one is going to big finale show. This one is going to big finale show. This one is going to land as a one. It's really easy to ride land as a one. It's really easy to ride land as a one. It's really easy to ride though, so I do actually recommend just though, so I do actually recommend just though, so I do actually recommend just hopping on it cuz oftentimes it is a hopping on it cuz oftentimes it is a hopping on it cuz oftentimes it is a walk-on, but it is certainly not a musto walk-on, but it is certainly not a musto walk-on, but it is certainly not a musto unless you happen to love the three unless you happen to love the three unless you happen to love the three caviaros. We're not going to cover every caviaros. We're not going to cover every caviaros. We're not going to cover every single little entertainment option that single little entertainment option that single little entertainment option that is around World Showcase, but make sure is around World Showcase, but make sure is around World Showcase, but make sure to check out your My Disney Experience to check out your My Disney Experience to check out your My Disney Experience app when you do visit, as there tends to app when you do visit, as there tends to app when you do visit, as there tends to be live music, mimes, be live music, mimes, be live music, mimes, acrobats, drummers all around World acrobats, drummers all around World acrobats, drummers all around World Showcase. But to talk about the Showcase. But to talk about the Showcase. But to talk about the permanent installations, we will start permanent installations, we will start permanent installations, we will start with Canada far and wide. This is in the with Canada far and wide. This is in the with Canada far and wide. This is in the Canada Pavilion and is a film about Canada Pavilion and is a film about Canada Pavilion and is a film about Canada. It's narrated by some iconic Canada. It's narrated by some iconic Canada. It's narrated by some iconic Canadian voices and shows off some of Canadian voices and shows off some of Canadian voices and shows off some of the beauty of the Great North. This is a the beauty of the Great North. This is a the beauty of the Great North. This is a Circle Vision film, which means that the Circle Vision film, which means that the Circle Vision film, which means that the screen wraps around the entire room. So, screen wraps around the entire room. So, screen wraps around the entire room. So, it is a unique experience. This is a it is a unique experience. This is a it is a unique experience. This is a one, however, although by Beyonce, it's one, however, although by Beyonce, it's one, however, although by Beyonce, it's like his favorite thing in Epcot. He like his favorite thing in Epcot. He like his favorite thing in Epcot. He goes and sees this multiple times when goes and sees this multiple times when goes and sees this multiple times when we go. I go with him one time. That's my we go. I go with him one time. That's my we go. I go with him one time. That's my cap. Another of the movies in World cap. Another of the movies in World cap. Another of the movies in World Showcase is the Beauty and the Beast Showcase is the Beauty and the Beast Showcase is the Beauty and the Beast singalong. This singalong is in the singalong. This singalong is in the singalong. This singalong is in the France pavilion and takes you through a France pavilion and takes you through a France pavilion and takes you through a little bit of an alternate view of the little bit of an alternate view of the little bit of an alternate view of the Beauty and the Beast movie. Along the Beauty and the Beast movie. Along the Beauty and the Beast movie. Along the way, you'll sing along to the iconic way, you'll sing along to the iconic way, you'll sing along to the iconic songs and learn a little bit more about songs and learn a little bit more about songs and learn a little bit more about Lefu, who is Gaston's sidekick, then you Lefu, who is Gaston's sidekick, then you Lefu, who is Gaston's sidekick, then you might have thought was maybe warranted. might have thought was maybe warranted. might have thought was maybe warranted. It is a beloved singalong though, and if It is a beloved singalong though, and if It is a beloved singalong though, and if you've got Beauty and the Beast loving you've got Beauty and the Beast loving you've got Beauty and the Beast loving kids, you should definitely get in here. kids, you should definitely get in here. kids, you should definitely get in here. This one will probably be a two. It's a This one will probably be a two. It's a This one will probably be a two. It's a great midday break, and it is a really great midday break, and it is a really great midday break, and it is a really great one for families. That same great one for families. That same great one for families. That same theater though is home to a different theater though is home to a different theater though is home to a different show first thing in the morning and in show first thing in the morning and in show first thing in the morning and in the evening called Impressions to the evening called Impressions to the evening called Impressions to France. This is a very beautiful movie France. This is a very beautiful movie France. This is a very beautiful movie that takes you through some of the that takes you through some of the that takes you through some of the beauties of France, both the city and beauties of France, both the city and beauties of France, both the city and the countryside. Plus, you can bring the countryside. Plus, you can bring the countryside. Plus, you can bring food into this theater. So that means food into this theater. So that means food into this theater. So that means yes, first thing in the morning you can yes, first thing in the morning you can yes, first thing in the morning you can get a kiche and you can eat it while get a kiche and you can eat it while get a kiche and you can eat it while watching this movie or in the evening watching this movie or in the evening watching this movie or in the evening you can get a glass of champagne and you you can get a glass of champagne and you you can get a glass of champagne and you can drink it while watching this movie. can drink it while watching this movie. can drink it while watching this movie. Kind of rules, but it is skippable. So Kind of rules, but it is skippable. So Kind of rules, but it is skippable. So it's going to be a one. One staple live it's going to be a one. One staple live it's going to be a one. One staple live entertainment option that I want to call entertainment option that I want to call entertainment option that I want to call out is in the American Adventure out is in the American Adventure out is in the American Adventure Pavilion with the Voices of Liberty. Pavilion with the Voices of Liberty. Pavilion with the Voices of Liberty. This is an ac capella group that This is an ac capella group that This is an ac capella group that performs in the Rotunda of the American performs in the Rotunda of the American performs in the Rotunda of the American Adventure building and they are Adventure building and they are Adventure building and they are absolutely incredible. It is gorgeous, absolutely incredible. It is gorgeous, absolutely incredible. It is gorgeous, soaring vocals. Uh many people cry every soaring vocals. Uh many people cry every soaring vocals. Uh many people cry every time they hear them. These folks are time they hear them. These folks are time they hear them. These folks are incredibly talented and if you happen to incredibly talented and if you happen to incredibly talented and if you happen to be in the American Adventure when they be in the American Adventure when they be in the American Adventure when they are going to sing, you should see them. are going to sing, you should see them. are going to sing, you should see them. So they are going to be a two. The So they are going to be a two. The So they are going to be a two. The American Adventure building is also home American Adventure building is also home American Adventure building is also home to a massive animatronic based stage to a massive animatronic based stage to a massive animatronic based stage show. This is a show about the American show. This is a show about the American show. This is a show about the American adventure, that is to say, American adventure, that is to say, American adventure, that is to say, American history. Part video and part history. Part video and part history. Part video and part animatronics telling the story, hosted animatronics telling the story, hosted animatronics telling the story, hosted by animatronic Mark Twain and Benjamin by animatronic Mark Twain and Benjamin by animatronic Mark Twain and Benjamin Franklin. This is a longer show that has Franklin. This is a longer show that has Franklin. This is a longer show that has some very, very impressive robotics and some very, very impressive robotics and some very, very impressive robotics and is extremely history forward. I love is extremely history forward. I love is extremely history forward. I love this show. I also love this show because this show. I also love this show because this show. I also love this show because it is a great spot to take a nap. The it is a great spot to take a nap. The it is a great spot to take a nap. The seats are very comfortable. Uh, but it seats are very comfortable. Uh, but it seats are very comfortable. Uh, but it is certainly not a must do because of is certainly not a must do because of is certainly not a must do because of how long it takes. If you're not a how long it takes. If you're not a how long it takes. If you're not a history buff or into animatronics, and history buff or into animatronics, and history buff or into animatronics, and if you don't need an app, it's probably if you don't need an app, it's probably if you don't need an app, it's probably not going to be worth doing. So, it'll not going to be worth doing. So, it'll not going to be worth doing. So, it'll be a one. However, caveat, it's a three be a one. However, caveat, it's a three be a one. However, caveat, it's a three for me in my heart. The final movie in for me in my heart. The final movie in for me in my heart. The final movie in World Chi's Pavilion is Reflections of World Chi's Pavilion is Reflections of World Chi's Pavilion is Reflections of China. This is another Circle Vision China. This is another Circle Vision China. This is another Circle Vision film, which means that screen does wrap film, which means that screen does wrap film, which means that screen does wrap around the entire room and is a bit around the entire room and is a bit around the entire room and is a bit dated, but beautiful video about the dated, but beautiful video about the dated, but beautiful video about the country of China. This one is going to country of China. This one is going to country of China. This one is going to be a one as well as it is certainly be a one as well as it is certainly be a one as well as it is certainly skippable. In fact, it was due for an skippable. In fact, it was due for an skippable. In fact, it was due for an update that never happened after the co update that never happened after the co update that never happened after the co pandemic. And another staple of live pandemic. And another staple of live pandemic. And another staple of live entertainment to bring up is mariachi entertainment to bring up is mariachi entertainment to bring up is mariachi Cobra. This is a mariachi band that Cobra. This is a mariachi band that Cobra. This is a mariachi band that performs in the Mexico pavilion. performs in the Mexico pavilion. performs in the Mexico pavilion. Sometimes inside, sometimes outside, and Sometimes inside, sometimes outside, and Sometimes inside, sometimes outside, and they are absolutely incredible. They're they are absolutely incredible. They're they are absolutely incredible. They're going to be a two. If you see them, you going to be a two. If you see them, you going to be a two. If you see them, you should stop and give them a listen. should stop and give them a listen. should stop and give them a listen. Finally, Epcot has its own fireworks as Finally, Epcot has its own fireworks as Finally, Epcot has its own fireworks as well with Luminous Symphony of Us. This well with Luminous Symphony of Us. This well with Luminous Symphony of Us. This firework spectacular takes place over firework spectacular takes place over firework spectacular takes place over World Showcase Lagoon, which means you World Showcase Lagoon, which means you World Showcase Lagoon, which means you can watch it from all around World can watch it from all around World can watch it from all around World Showcase, and it's much easier to find a Showcase, and it's much easier to find a Showcase, and it's much easier to find a spot. This one, however, is not as loved spot. This one, however, is not as loved spot. This one, however, is not as loved as Happily Ever After. Now, it does as Happily Ever After. Now, it does as Happily Ever After. Now, it does typically happen right as the park is typically happen right as the park is typically happen right as the park is closing, and it's pretty easy to watch, closing, and it's pretty easy to watch, closing, and it's pretty easy to watch, so it's worth seeing. Even not as good so it's worth seeing. Even not as good so it's worth seeing. Even not as good fireworks are still great fireworks in fireworks are still great fireworks in fireworks are still great fireworks in Disney World. So, check out the show if Disney World. So, check out the show if Disney World. So, check out the show if you can. We'll put it as a two. Ah, so you can. We'll put it as a two. Ah, so you can. We'll put it as a two. Ah, so sorry to interrupt. Uh, but clearly if sorry to interrupt. Uh, but clearly if sorry to interrupt. Uh, but clearly if you're this far into this video, you are you're this far into this video, you are you're this far into this video, you are looking to unlock those niche secret looking to unlock those niche secret looking to unlock those niche secret very pro tips. You're probably already very pro tips. You're probably already very pro tips. You're probably already down with the basics. You know the down with the basics. You know the down with the basics. You know the transportation. You know Lightning Lane. transportation. You know Lightning Lane. transportation. You know Lightning Lane. Or maybe you're new here, but you're Or maybe you're new here, but you're Or maybe you're new here, but you're also cool with the euge. I get it. I get also cool with the euge. I get it. I get also cool with the euge. I get it. I get it. You know the basics. But what takes it. You know the basics. But what takes it. You know the basics. But what takes someone from being your everyday guest someone from being your everyday guest someone from being your everyday guest to leveling up to being like a real true to leveling up to being like a real true to leveling up to being like a real true Disney expert? You don't have to write Disney expert? You don't have to write Disney expert? You don't have to write everything in one day. I'll tell you everything in one day. I'll tell you everything in one day. I'll tell you that much. It's really just knowing the that much. It's really just knowing the that much. It's really just knowing the kind of quirky, niche, oddly specific kind of quirky, niche, oddly specific kind of quirky, niche, oddly specific tips. And for that reason, our team has tips. And for that reason, our team has tips. And for that reason, our team has painstakingly created five oddly painstakingly created five oddly painstakingly created five oddly specific maps you never know you needed specific maps you never know you needed specific maps you never know you needed for Disney World. It's true, they're for Disney World. It's true, they're for Disney World. It's true, they're oddly specific, but it's also true that oddly specific, but it's also true that oddly specific, but it's also true that you need them, and they're free. If you you need them, and they're free. If you you need them, and they're free. If you want them, just scan this QR code or want them, just scan this QR code or want them, just scan this QR code or head to all earers.net/odmaps. head to all earers.net/odmaps. head to all earers.net/odmaps. You can grab them there. They're weird. You can grab them there. They're weird. You can grab them there. They're weird. They're helpful. Both can be true. They're helpful. Both can be true. They're helpful. Both can be true. And that's Epcot, which takes us to And that's Epcot, which takes us to And that's Epcot, which takes us to Disney World's third park, Disney's Disney World's third park, Disney's Disney World's third park, Disney's Hollywood Studios. This is a park that Hollywood Studios. This is a park that Hollywood Studios. This is a park that teaches you about the movies and takes teaches you about the movies and takes teaches you about the movies and takes you inside them and has a lot of the you inside them and has a lot of the you inside them and has a lot of the most popular attractions in all of most popular attractions in all of most popular attractions in all of Disney World. There are nine lands here. Disney World. There are nine lands here. Disney World. There are nine lands here. That's a That's a lot of lands. The That's a That's a lot of lands. The That's a That's a lot of lands. The first is Hollywood Boulevard. This is first is Hollywood Boulevard. This is first is Hollywood Boulevard. This is the land you will enter onto and is the land you will enter onto and is the land you will enter onto and is themed to be Hollywood. You walk up to themed to be Hollywood. You walk up to themed to be Hollywood. You walk up to the iconic Chinese theater which is home the iconic Chinese theater which is home the iconic Chinese theater which is home to Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway. to Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway. to Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway. This is a trackless dark ride that takes This is a trackless dark ride that takes This is a trackless dark ride that takes you into the tune world as if you had you into the tune world as if you had you into the tune world as if you had joined the new Mickey and Minnie joined the new Mickey and Minnie joined the new Mickey and Minnie cartoons. There's a bit of a runaway cartoons. There's a bit of a runaway cartoons. There's a bit of a runaway train incident as Mickey and Minnie are train incident as Mickey and Minnie are train incident as Mickey and Minnie are headed for a picnic and you will go headed for a picnic and you will go headed for a picnic and you will go through a ton of different and very through a ton of different and very through a ton of different and very funny tune environments. This is a great funny tune environments. This is a great funny tune environments. This is a great ride for the entire family. There is no ride for the entire family. There is no ride for the entire family. There is no height requirement and it's a really height requirement and it's a really height requirement and it's a really awesome addition to Hollywood Studios. awesome addition to Hollywood Studios. awesome addition to Hollywood Studios. It's going to be a three. Turning off It's going to be a three. Turning off It's going to be a three. Turning off Hollywood Boulevard, you might find Hollywood Boulevard, you might find Hollywood Boulevard, you might find yourself on Sunset Boulevard, themed to yourself on Sunset Boulevard, themed to yourself on Sunset Boulevard, themed to be another section of Hollywood. This be another section of Hollywood. This be another section of Hollywood. This street is home to Rock and Roller street is home to Rock and Roller street is home to Rock and Roller Coaster. This attraction is an indoor Coaster. This attraction is an indoor Coaster. This attraction is an indoor roller coaster that, yes, does go upside roller coaster that, yes, does go upside roller coaster that, yes, does go upside down where you listen to rock music down where you listen to rock music down where you listen to rock music along the way. Its new theme features along the way. Its new theme features along the way. Its new theme features the Muppets, so you'll be listening to the Muppets, so you'll be listening to the Muppets, so you'll be listening to Dr. Teeth and the Electric Mayhem. This Dr. Teeth and the Electric Mayhem. This Dr. Teeth and the Electric Mayhem. This is a three. Certainly a must do is a three. Certainly a must do is a three. Certainly a must do attraction. Just nearby is the Twilight attraction. Just nearby is the Twilight attraction. Just nearby is the Twilight Zone Tower of Terror. This is a Twilight Zone Tower of Terror. This is a Twilight Zone Tower of Terror. This is a Twilight Zone themed attraction where you ride in Zone themed attraction where you ride in Zone themed attraction where you ride in a haunted elevator into the Hollywood a haunted elevator into the Hollywood a haunted elevator into the Hollywood Tower Hotel. Of course, one fateful Tower Hotel. Of course, one fateful Tower Hotel. Of course, one fateful night that hotel was struck by lightning night that hotel was struck by lightning night that hotel was struck by lightning and the elevators plummeted. the folks and the elevators plummeted. the folks and the elevators plummeted. the folks inside never to be seen again as they inside never to be seen again as they inside never to be seen again as they ended up in the Twilight Zone. You hop ended up in the Twilight Zone. You hop ended up in the Twilight Zone. You hop in an elevator of your own, the service in an elevator of your own, the service in an elevator of your own, the service elevator. I'm sure it'll be fine. It's elevator. I'm sure it'll be fine. It's elevator. I'm sure it'll be fine. It's not. It's a drop zone. And it does not. It's a drop zone. And it does not. It's a drop zone. And it does actually pull you down faster than actually pull you down faster than actually pull you down faster than Gravity. This is one of the scariest and Gravity. This is one of the scariest and Gravity. This is one of the scariest and most thrilling rides in Disney World, so most thrilling rides in Disney World, so most thrilling rides in Disney World, so it can be a bit intense. However, it is it can be a bit intense. However, it is it can be a bit intense. However, it is also extremely popular and extremely also extremely popular and extremely also extremely popular and extremely fun. So, it is going to land as a free. As you might guess, Hollywood Studios is As you might guess, Hollywood Studios is As you might guess, Hollywood Studios is also a park with a lot of shows, and also a park with a lot of shows, and also a park with a lot of shows, and Sunset Boulevard has one called Beauty Sunset Boulevard has one called Beauty Sunset Boulevard has one called Beauty and the Beast live on stage. This is a and the Beast live on stage. This is a and the Beast live on stage. This is a stage show of Beauty and the Beast stage show of Beauty and the Beast stage show of Beauty and the Beast featuring live singing and performers. featuring live singing and performers. featuring live singing and performers. You will see Belle, you'll see Gaston, You will see Belle, you'll see Gaston, You will see Belle, you'll see Gaston, you'll see the beast as you get to watch you'll see the beast as you get to watch you'll see the beast as you get to watch the show unfold Broadway style on a the show unfold Broadway style on a the show unfold Broadway style on a stage in front of you. It's an outdoor stage in front of you. It's an outdoor stage in front of you. It's an outdoor theater where you can bring food and theater where you can bring food and theater where you can bring food and drinks in, and it is a little bit of a drinks in, and it is a little bit of a drinks in, and it is a little bit of a long show, but it is a longunning show long show, but it is a longunning show long show, but it is a longunning show that's beloved by many. It's going to that's beloved by many. It's going to that's beloved by many. It's going to land as a two. One of the newest shows land as a two. One of the newest shows land as a two. One of the newest shows in Hollywood Studios is Disney villains in Hollywood Studios is Disney villains in Hollywood Studios is Disney villains Unfairly Ever After. In this show, the Unfairly Ever After. In this show, the Unfairly Ever After. In this show, the magic mirror enlists your help. He has a magic mirror enlists your help. He has a magic mirror enlists your help. He has a bit of a problem. He has been enchanted bit of a problem. He has been enchanted bit of a problem. He has been enchanted to only answer to the evil queen, but to only answer to the evil queen, but to only answer to the evil queen, but all the villains from all the Disney all the villains from all the Disney all the villains from all the Disney movies want him to decide who was the movies want him to decide who was the movies want him to decide who was the most unfairly treated of them all. most unfairly treated of them all. most unfairly treated of them all. Particularly, Kruella, Hook, and Particularly, Kruella, Hook, and Particularly, Kruella, Hook, and Maleficent try to persuade him. You, as Maleficent try to persuade him. You, as Maleficent try to persuade him. You, as the audience, get to choose who was the audience, get to choose who was the audience, get to choose who was treated the most unfairly, and it treated the most unfairly, and it treated the most unfairly, and it changes the ending of the show. This is changes the ending of the show. This is changes the ending of the show. This is a really cool show that's about 18 a really cool show that's about 18 a really cool show that's about 18 minutes long and is in the air minutes long and is in the air minutes long and is in the air conditioning. There are some incredible conditioning. There are some incredible conditioning. There are some incredible effects and it is live performers with effects and it is live performers with effects and it is live performers with live singing and performance. It's going live singing and performance. It's going live singing and performance. It's going to be a two and a half. It doesn't max to be a two and a half. It doesn't max to be a two and a half. It doesn't max out the scales, but I certainly out the scales, but I certainly out the scales, but I certainly recommend it. And finally, the nighttime recommend it. And finally, the nighttime recommend it. And finally, the nighttime spectacular that Hollywood Studios is spectacular that Hollywood Studios is spectacular that Hollywood Studios is well known for is called Fantasmic and well known for is called Fantasmic and well known for is called Fantasmic and is located on Sunset Boulevard. This is is located on Sunset Boulevard. This is is located on Sunset Boulevard. This is a show like no other, where you watch a show like no other, where you watch a show like no other, where you watch from an amphitheater as a mountain comes from an amphitheater as a mountain comes from an amphitheater as a mountain comes to life with many, many different Disney to life with many, many different Disney to life with many, many different Disney characters and Disney stories. You'll characters and Disney stories. You'll characters and Disney stories. You'll see Mickey as he battles a nightmare, see Mickey as he battles a nightmare, see Mickey as he battles a nightmare, and many different characters are there and many different characters are there and many different characters are there along the way. And I mean a lot, like along the way. And I mean a lot, like along the way. And I mean a lot, like dozens. There's live performers, live dozens. There's live performers, live dozens. There's live performers, live stunts, pyro technics, a massive dragon. stunts, pyro technics, a massive dragon. stunts, pyro technics, a massive dragon. It's really, really an incredible show. It's really, really an incredible show. It's really, really an incredible show. Incredible water effects. This is Disney Incredible water effects. This is Disney Incredible water effects. This is Disney to the top tier. So, this is a three. Do to the top tier. So, this is a three. Do to the top tier. So, this is a three. Do everything in your power to not miss everything in your power to not miss everything in your power to not miss Fantastic. Back across Hollywood Fantastic. Back across Hollywood Fantastic. Back across Hollywood Boulevard is our next land, Echo Lake. Boulevard is our next land, Echo Lake. Boulevard is our next land, Echo Lake. This one's going to have a bit of a This one's going to have a bit of a This one's going to have a bit of a first of our Star Wars attractions, Star first of our Star Wars attractions, Star first of our Star Wars attractions, Star Tours: The Adventures Continue. This Tours: The Adventures Continue. This Tours: The Adventures Continue. This motion simulator ride might be prone to motion simulator ride might be prone to motion simulator ride might be prone to cause a little bit of motion sickness, cause a little bit of motion sickness, cause a little bit of motion sickness, but it does show you three different but it does show you three different but it does show you three different Star Wars scenes that do change every Star Wars scenes that do change every Star Wars scenes that do change every time. You might see a story from the time. You might see a story from the time. You might see a story from the prequel trilogy or the sequel trilogy or prequel trilogy or the sequel trilogy or prequel trilogy or the sequel trilogy or the original trilogy. You might see the original trilogy. You might see the original trilogy. You might see characters you recognize from any of characters you recognize from any of characters you recognize from any of those time periods or some of the more those time periods or some of the more those time periods or some of the more recent Disney Plus shows. It is a really recent Disney Plus shows. It is a really recent Disney Plus shows. It is a really fun attraction where C3PO does fun attraction where C3PO does fun attraction where C3PO does accidentally become your pilot. You know accidentally become your pilot. You know accidentally become your pilot. You know how that guy is. He's so nervous. But how that guy is. He's so nervous. But how that guy is. He's so nervous. But it's certainly not one of the most it's certainly not one of the most it's certainly not one of the most popular in Disney World, so it'll be a popular in Disney World, so it'll be a popular in Disney World, so it'll be a two. One of the shows in this area is two. One of the shows in this area is two. One of the shows in this area is for the first time in forever a Frozen for the first time in forever a Frozen for the first time in forever a Frozen singalong celebration. This singalong is singalong celebration. This singalong is singalong celebration. This singalong is not your basic singalong. Along the way, not your basic singalong. Along the way, not your basic singalong. Along the way, there's a bit of a story line where Anna there's a bit of a story line where Anna there's a bit of a story line where Anna is looking for Elsa and two royal is looking for Elsa and two royal is looking for Elsa and two royal historians of Arendelle are taking you historians of Arendelle are taking you historians of Arendelle are taking you through the story of the first Frozen through the story of the first Frozen through the story of the first Frozen movie. You'll sing all the iconic songs movie. You'll sing all the iconic songs movie. You'll sing all the iconic songs and it does snow during the show. It is and it does snow during the show. It is and it does snow during the show. It is a longer show, but absolutely beloved by a longer show, but absolutely beloved by a longer show, but absolutely beloved by Disneyloving kiddos, so you can't miss Disneyloving kiddos, so you can't miss Disneyloving kiddos, so you can't miss it if you've got one of them with you. it if you've got one of them with you. it if you've got one of them with you. And it's fun for adults, too. The And it's fun for adults, too. The And it's fun for adults, too. The historians are very funny and they'll historians are very funny and they'll historians are very funny and they'll have you laughing out loud. This one have you laughing out loud. This one have you laughing out loud. This one will land as a two. Indiana Jones epic will land as a two. Indiana Jones epic will land as a two. Indiana Jones epic stunt spectacular is just across the stunt spectacular is just across the stunt spectacular is just across the way. This is a live show where you are way. This is a live show where you are way. This is a live show where you are behind the scenes of an Indiana Jones behind the scenes of an Indiana Jones behind the scenes of an Indiana Jones film, watching as the stunt people film, watching as the stunt people film, watching as the stunt people playing Indie and Marion go through playing Indie and Marion go through playing Indie and Marion go through several scenes from the Indiana Jones several scenes from the Indiana Jones several scenes from the Indiana Jones movie. It has larger than-l life sets movie. It has larger than-l life sets movie. It has larger than-l life sets and really teaches you a little bit and really teaches you a little bit and really teaches you a little bit about how practical effects and stunt about how practical effects and stunt about how practical effects and stunt work are done in action movies. This is work are done in action movies. This is work are done in action movies. This is my favorite show in Disney World. I will my favorite show in Disney World. I will my favorite show in Disney World. I will watch this every time with a beard in my watch this every time with a beard in my watch this every time with a beard in my hand and be very happy. That said, it is hand and be very happy. That said, it is hand and be very happy. That said, it is on the long side and it's focused on on the long side and it's focused on on the long side and it's focused on these really cool stunt effects. It's these really cool stunt effects. It's these really cool stunt effects. It's going to land in the 2.5 category. going to land in the 2.5 category. going to land in the 2.5 category. Vacation Fun is a little movie in this Vacation Fun is a little movie in this Vacation Fun is a little movie in this area where you get to watch a Mickey area where you get to watch a Mickey area where you get to watch a Mickey short that is exclusive to this area. short that is exclusive to this area. short that is exclusive to this area. It's a Mickey Mouse short. You can see a It's a Mickey Mouse short. You can see a It's a Mickey Mouse short. You can see a lot of very similar ones on Disney Plus, lot of very similar ones on Disney Plus, lot of very similar ones on Disney Plus, so it's going to be a one. Animation so it's going to be a one. Animation so it's going to be a one. Animation Courtyard is currently under Courtyard is currently under Courtyard is currently under construction, so there isn't too much construction, so there isn't too much construction, so there isn't too much going on, but there is a gallery with a going on, but there is a gallery with a going on, but there is a gallery with a movie at the end called Walt Disney movie at the end called Walt Disney movie at the end called Walt Disney Presents. This is going to be like a 1 Presents. This is going to be like a 1 Presents. This is going to be like a 1 and a half to a two. It is a cool and a half to a two. It is a cool and a half to a two. It is a cool gallery that talks a lot about Walt gallery that talks a lot about Walt gallery that talks a lot about Walt Disney's history and it does have some Disney's history and it does have some Disney's history and it does have some rotating exhibits and the movie at the rotating exhibits and the movie at the rotating exhibits and the movie at the end does rotate as well. That said, end does rotate as well. That said, end does rotate as well. That said, really not a must do, but has very crisp really not a must do, but has very crisp really not a must do, but has very crisp air conditioning cuz they've got air conditioning cuz they've got air conditioning cuz they've got historical stuff in there, so they historical stuff in there, so they historical stuff in there, so they really crank it. I do recommend the air really crank it. I do recommend the air really crank it. I do recommend the air conditioning with the construction. The conditioning with the construction. The conditioning with the construction. The only true attraction here is The Little only true attraction here is The Little only true attraction here is The Little Mermaid, a musical adventure show. Mermaid, a musical adventure show. Mermaid, a musical adventure show. Another of the newest shows in Hollywood Another of the newest shows in Hollywood Another of the newest shows in Hollywood Studios. This is a stage show with a Studios. This is a stage show with a Studios. This is a stage show with a combination of live performers, visual combination of live performers, visual combination of live performers, visual effects, and puppetry telling a story of effects, and puppetry telling a story of effects, and puppetry telling a story of The Little Mermaid. This is going to be The Little Mermaid. This is going to be The Little Mermaid. This is going to be a 2.5 as well because of some of the a 2.5 as well because of some of the a 2.5 as well because of some of the cool new effects and the incredible live cool new effects and the incredible live cool new effects and the incredible live performance that happens during the performance that happens during the performance that happens during the show. Plus, it's Little Mermaid, a very show. Plus, it's Little Mermaid, a very show. Plus, it's Little Mermaid, a very popular princess, so a lot of folks popular princess, so a lot of folks popular princess, so a lot of folks should make time to see this one. We'll should make time to see this one. We'll should make time to see this one. We'll cruise right through a few lands here cruise right through a few lands here cruise right through a few lands here with Pixar Place, Commissary Lane, and with Pixar Place, Commissary Lane, and with Pixar Place, Commissary Lane, and Grand Avenue, as all three of these Grand Avenue, as all three of these Grand Avenue, as all three of these lands don't currently have any lands don't currently have any lands don't currently have any attractions or shows. Grand Avenue is attractions or shows. Grand Avenue is attractions or shows. Grand Avenue is under construction to becoming Monsters under construction to becoming Monsters under construction to becoming Monsters Inc. land. Commissary Lane is pretty Inc. land. Commissary Lane is pretty Inc. land. Commissary Lane is pretty much home to meet and greets and food much home to meet and greets and food much home to meet and greets and food and Pixar Place, same deal. Toy Story and Pixar Place, same deal. Toy Story and Pixar Place, same deal. Toy Story Land, however, is one of the most Land, however, is one of the most Land, however, is one of the most popular lands in this park as it is popular lands in this park as it is popular lands in this park as it is themed to the Toy Story films. One themed to the Toy Story films. One themed to the Toy Story films. One attraction is called Alien Swirling attraction is called Alien Swirling attraction is called Alien Swirling Saucers. On this ride, you hop in a Saucers. On this ride, you hop in a Saucers. On this ride, you hop in a saucer pulled by a little green alien saucer pulled by a little green alien saucer pulled by a little green alien all around the claw. There are different all around the claw. There are different all around the claw. There are different space jazz tunes as you ride around, and space jazz tunes as you ride around, and space jazz tunes as you ride around, and it will have you laughing as you're it will have you laughing as you're it will have you laughing as you're flung from side to side. That said, this flung from side to side. That said, this flung from side to side. That said, this is one of the lowest priority is one of the lowest priority is one of the lowest priority attractions in this park, so it's going attractions in this park, so it's going attractions in this park, so it's going to be probably a 1.5. On the very to be probably a 1.5. On the very to be probably a 1.5. On the very opposite end of the spectrum is Slinky opposite end of the spectrum is Slinky opposite end of the spectrum is Slinky Dog Dash. One of the most popular rides Dog Dash. One of the most popular rides Dog Dash. One of the most popular rides in Disney World. This is a family in Disney World. This is a family in Disney World. This is a family coaster where you ride inside Slinky Dog coaster where you ride inside Slinky Dog coaster where you ride inside Slinky Dog on a coaster that Andy has built in his on a coaster that Andy has built in his on a coaster that Andy has built in his backyard. It is a super fun coaster that backyard. It is a super fun coaster that backyard. It is a super fun coaster that will have you whooping and hollering. will have you whooping and hollering. will have you whooping and hollering. And it is very, very, very popular and And it is very, very, very popular and And it is very, very, very popular and also not as intense as some other also not as intense as some other also not as intense as some other coasters. So popular with families, too. coasters. So popular with families, too. coasters. So popular with families, too. Expect a long wait for this one. It's a Expect a long wait for this one. It's a Expect a long wait for this one. It's a three. And across the way is Toy Story three. And across the way is Toy Story three. And across the way is Toy Story Mania. Another shooter attraction where Mania. Another shooter attraction where Mania. Another shooter attraction where you can compete against your family. you can compete against your family. you can compete against your family. You'll grab your very own little puppet You'll grab your very own little puppet You'll grab your very own little puppet gun and play carnival midway games gun and play carnival midway games gun and play carnival midway games hosted by the Toy Story characters. This hosted by the Toy Story characters. This hosted by the Toy Story characters. This one is very popular and folks get very one is very popular and folks get very one is very popular and folks get very competitive during it and it's competitive during it and it's competitive during it and it's definitely reridable cuz you can try to definitely reridable cuz you can try to definitely reridable cuz you can try to top your score. So, this one is going to top your score. So, this one is going to top your score. So, this one is going to be a three as well. Now, you've probably be a three as well. Now, you've probably be a three as well. Now, you've probably heard that Hollywood Studios is also heard that Hollywood Studios is also heard that Hollywood Studios is also home to a very immersive Star Wars land home to a very immersive Star Wars land home to a very immersive Star Wars land called Star Wars Galaxy's Edge. One called Star Wars Galaxy's Edge. One called Star Wars Galaxy's Edge. One attraction here is Millennium Falcon attraction here is Millennium Falcon attraction here is Millennium Falcon Smuggler's Run, where you, yes you, take Smuggler's Run, where you, yes you, take Smuggler's Run, where you, yes you, take part in a crew flying the Millennium part in a crew flying the Millennium part in a crew flying the Millennium Falcon. You might be a pilot, you might Falcon. You might be a pilot, you might Falcon. You might be a pilot, you might be a gunner, you might be an engineer, be a gunner, you might be an engineer, be a gunner, you might be an engineer, but regardless, you get to sit in the but regardless, you get to sit in the but regardless, you get to sit in the Millennium Falcon cockpit and fly the Millennium Falcon cockpit and fly the Millennium Falcon cockpit and fly the plane. This experience is kind of the plane. This experience is kind of the plane. This experience is kind of the same every time until it gets some same every time until it gets some same every time until it gets some upcoming updates where the stories will upcoming updates where the stories will upcoming updates where the stories will actually change. But we are going to put actually change. But we are going to put actually change. But we are going to put this one in the three category. For Star this one in the three category. For Star this one in the three category. For Star Wars fans, you just can't miss this. And Wars fans, you just can't miss this. And Wars fans, you just can't miss this. And another of the most popular and most another of the most popular and most another of the most popular and most can't miss attractions in Disney World can't miss attractions in Disney World can't miss attractions in Disney World is Rise of the Resistance. Rise of the is Rise of the Resistance. Rise of the is Rise of the Resistance. Rise of the Resistance is a difficult ride to Resistance is a difficult ride to Resistance is a difficult ride to describe. It is many different factors. describe. It is many different factors. describe. It is many different factors. At times you are standing in a ship At times you are standing in a ship At times you are standing in a ship that's flying. You might be walking past that's flying. You might be walking past that's flying. You might be walking past a bunch of stormtroopers as you head to a bunch of stormtroopers as you head to a bunch of stormtroopers as you head to interrogation. And finally, you'll be interrogation. And finally, you'll be interrogation. And finally, you'll be riding in a trackless vehicle as you try riding in a trackless vehicle as you try riding in a trackless vehicle as you try to escape a star destroyer with the help to escape a star destroyer with the help to escape a star destroyer with the help of the resistance. The ride itself might of the resistance. The ride itself might of the resistance. The ride itself might not be that thrilling if you just focus not be that thrilling if you just focus not be that thrilling if you just focus on the motion, but the environments on the motion, but the environments on the motion, but the environments you're in make it the most immersive you're in make it the most immersive you're in make it the most immersive attraction of all time. There is not attraction of all time. There is not attraction of all time. There is not storytelling that has been done like storytelling that has been done like storytelling that has been done like this. So, this is a three and probably this. So, this is a three and probably this. So, this is a three and probably one of the most incredible attractions one of the most incredible attractions one of the most incredible attractions in the whole world. And that brings us in the whole world. And that brings us in the whole world. And that brings us to the fourth and final Disney World to the fourth and final Disney World to the fourth and final Disney World park, Disney's Animal Kingdom. There are park, Disney's Animal Kingdom. There are park, Disney's Animal Kingdom. There are seven lands to discuss here, but some of seven lands to discuss here, but some of seven lands to discuss here, but some of them don't have attractions to their them don't have attractions to their them don't have attractions to their name, like the Oasis. This is the land name, like the Oasis. This is the land name, like the Oasis. This is the land you'll enter when you come in, and it is you'll enter when you come in, and it is you'll enter when you come in, and it is home to animal exhibits, as most of home to animal exhibits, as most of home to animal exhibits, as most of Animal Kingdom is, so keep your eyes Animal Kingdom is, so keep your eyes Animal Kingdom is, so keep your eyes peeled, but there are no rides or shows peeled, but there are no rides or shows peeled, but there are no rides or shows here. Discovery Island is home to the here. Discovery Island is home to the here. Discovery Island is home to the Tree of Life, the park's icon, which Tree of Life, the park's icon, which Tree of Life, the park's icon, which happens to be home to the newest show in happens to be home to the newest show in happens to be home to the newest show in Disney World, Zootopia, Better Zug. This Disney World, Zootopia, Better Zug. This Disney World, Zootopia, Better Zug. This is a brand new Zootopia show that takes is a brand new Zootopia show that takes is a brand new Zootopia show that takes you into Zootopia on Zooather Day for you into Zootopia on Zooather Day for you into Zootopia on Zooather Day for the festivities. It's cute. It's got the festivities. It's cute. It's got the festivities. It's cute. It's got some 4D and 3D effects and the whole some 4D and 3D effects and the whole some 4D and 3D effects and the whole family will love it. It's going to be a family will love it. It's going to be a family will love it. It's going to be a two. In general, keep an eye out for two. In general, keep an eye out for two. In general, keep an eye out for animal encounters, whether that be the animal encounters, whether that be the animal encounters, whether that be the exhibit or the show Winged Encounters exhibit or the show Winged Encounters exhibit or the show Winged Encounters that happens in front of the Tree of that happens in front of the Tree of that happens in front of the Tree of Life where a bunch of colorful Macaus Life where a bunch of colorful Macaus Life where a bunch of colorful Macaus will literally soar out above your head. will literally soar out above your head. will literally soar out above your head. So close to your head, it's shocking. So close to your head, it's shocking. So close to your head, it's shocking. And keep an eye out for live music and And keep an eye out for live music and And keep an eye out for live music and entertainment around this park as well. entertainment around this park as well. entertainment around this park as well. Pandora world of Avatar is themed to Pandora world of Avatar is themed to Pandora world of Avatar is themed to James Cameron Avatar movies. So yes, the James Cameron Avatar movies. So yes, the James Cameron Avatar movies. So yes, the blue people and it does immerse you in blue people and it does immerse you in blue people and it does immerse you in the world of Pandora. You head to the the world of Pandora. You head to the the world of Pandora. You head to the Valley of Mara and you might get on a Valley of Mara and you might get on a Valley of Mara and you might get on a ride like Na'vi River Journey. This ride like Na'vi River Journey. This ride like Na'vi River Journey. This slowmoving boat ride takes you through slowmoving boat ride takes you through slowmoving boat ride takes you through the Valley of Moara on a river ride as the Valley of Moara on a river ride as the Valley of Moara on a river ride as you see many of the different plants and you see many of the different plants and you see many of the different plants and animals that exist on this alien world. animals that exist on this alien world. animals that exist on this alien world. At the end, you come across the Shaman, At the end, you come across the Shaman, At the end, you come across the Shaman, an incredible animatronic that is one of an incredible animatronic that is one of an incredible animatronic that is one of the most realistic animatronics I've the most realistic animatronics I've the most realistic animatronics I've ever seen. This one is a two. It does ever seen. This one is a two. It does ever seen. This one is a two. It does tend to be a bit disappointing. I tend to be a bit disappointing. I tend to be a bit disappointing. I regularly hear people get off this ride regularly hear people get off this ride regularly hear people get off this ride going, "That's it." And it does tend to going, "That's it." And it does tend to going, "That's it." And it does tend to have pretty long lines, but the effects have pretty long lines, but the effects have pretty long lines, but the effects on it are very impressive. Also in on it are very impressive. Also in on it are very impressive. Also in Pandora is Avatar Flight of Passage. Pandora is Avatar Flight of Passage. Pandora is Avatar Flight of Passage. Flight of Passage is a ride that is a Flight of Passage is a ride that is a Flight of Passage is a ride that is a motion simulator where you get to fly on motion simulator where you get to fly on motion simulator where you get to fly on the back of your very own Banshee. Those the back of your very own Banshee. Those the back of your very own Banshee. Those are like the flying horses from Avatar. are like the flying horses from Avatar. are like the flying horses from Avatar. You'll fly all through the valley of You'll fly all through the valley of You'll fly all through the valley of Moares, soaring over the water and the Moares, soaring over the water and the Moares, soaring over the water and the trees. It is an incredibly immersive trees. It is an incredibly immersive trees. It is an incredibly immersive attraction. So much so that the Banshee attraction. So much so that the Banshee attraction. So much so that the Banshee actually breathes underneath you. You actually breathes underneath you. You actually breathes underneath you. You can feel it. It is a very cool can feel it. It is a very cool can feel it. It is a very cool attraction and if you let yourself attraction and if you let yourself attraction and if you let yourself suspend disbelief, you will feel like suspend disbelief, you will feel like suspend disbelief, you will feel like you're flying. It's incredibly popular you're flying. It's incredibly popular you're flying. It's incredibly popular for that reason and it is going to be a for that reason and it is going to be a for that reason and it is going to be a free. Next door in Africa, the only ride free. Next door in Africa, the only ride free. Next door in Africa, the only ride is Kilimanjaro Safaris. Kilimanjaro is Kilimanjaro Safaris. Kilimanjaro is Kilimanjaro Safaris. Kilimanjaro Safaris is just that, a safari. You get Safaris is just that, a safari. You get Safaris is just that, a safari. You get in a real safari truck driven by a cast in a real safari truck driven by a cast in a real safari truck driven by a cast member that will take you through a member that will take you through a member that will take you through a massive animal exhibit. This ride alone, massive animal exhibit. This ride alone, massive animal exhibit. This ride alone, the animal exhibits are bigger than the animal exhibits are bigger than the animal exhibits are bigger than Magic Kingdom. You'll ride through and Magic Kingdom. You'll ride through and Magic Kingdom. You'll ride through and see real animals in environments just see real animals in environments just see real animals in environments just like the ones they exist in in real like the ones they exist in in real like the ones they exist in in real life. No two rides are the same because life. No two rides are the same because life. No two rides are the same because these are real animals and you'll learn these are real animals and you'll learn these are real animals and you'll learn about them along the way. This is a about them along the way. This is a about them along the way. This is a three. It's probably the best zoo three. It's probably the best zoo three. It's probably the best zoo attraction that exists almost anywhere. attraction that exists almost anywhere. attraction that exists almost anywhere. A show in Africa is Festival of the Lion A show in Africa is Festival of the Lion A show in Africa is Festival of the Lion King. This is a show where several live King. This is a show where several live King. This is a show where several live singers tell the story of the Lion King singers tell the story of the Lion King singers tell the story of the Lion King with the help of some characters you'll with the help of some characters you'll with the help of some characters you'll recognize. Timone, Pumba, Simba. There's recognize. Timone, Pumba, Simba. There's recognize. Timone, Pumba, Simba. There's lots of other performances here too like lots of other performances here too like lots of other performances here too like Arielis, the Tumble Monkeys, which are Arielis, the Tumble Monkeys, which are Arielis, the Tumble Monkeys, which are incredible gymnasts and a fire spinner. incredible gymnasts and a fire spinner. incredible gymnasts and a fire spinner. This is a beloved show, but it does take This is a beloved show, but it does take This is a beloved show, but it does take up a lot of time, which is going to put up a lot of time, which is going to put up a lot of time, which is going to put it at about a 2.5. Another land we want it at about a 2.5. Another land we want it at about a 2.5. Another land we want to talk about here is Rafiki's Planet to talk about here is Rafiki's Planet to talk about here is Rafiki's Planet Watch. This is a land that is about a Watch. This is a land that is about a Watch. This is a land that is about a mile from the rest of Animal Kingdom. mile from the rest of Animal Kingdom. mile from the rest of Animal Kingdom. You do have to take a train out there. You do have to take a train out there. You do have to take a train out there. And the current attractions are a And the current attractions are a And the current attractions are a petting zoo and the animation experience petting zoo and the animation experience petting zoo and the animation experience where you can learn to draw a Disney where you can learn to draw a Disney where you can learn to draw a Disney character. It's also home to several character. It's also home to several character. It's also home to several exhibits. This is not a musto. It's exhibits. This is not a musto. It's exhibits. This is not a musto. It's probably the entire area is probably probably the entire area is probably probably the entire area is probably going to be a one. But if any of that going to be a one. But if any of that going to be a one. But if any of that sounds interesting to you or you have sounds interesting to you or you have sounds interesting to you or you have time to kill an animal kingdom, it is time to kill an animal kingdom, it is time to kill an animal kingdom, it is really fun and I do love going out really fun and I do love going out really fun and I do love going out there. It just is skippable if you need there. It just is skippable if you need there. It just is skippable if you need to. Asia is home to Expedition Everest, to. Asia is home to Expedition Everest, to. Asia is home to Expedition Everest, Legend of the Forbidden Mountain. This Legend of the Forbidden Mountain. This Legend of the Forbidden Mountain. This is a ride you may have seen pictures of is a ride you may have seen pictures of is a ride you may have seen pictures of because it looks like a giant mountain because it looks like a giant mountain because it looks like a giant mountain in the middle of the park. On this ride, in the middle of the park. On this ride, in the middle of the park. On this ride, you were journeying through the you were journeying through the you were journeying through the Forbidden Mountain on your way to Forbidden Mountain on your way to Forbidden Mountain on your way to Everest. And legend has it that there is Everest. And legend has it that there is Everest. And legend has it that there is a Yeti located on this mountain. You do a Yeti located on this mountain. You do a Yeti located on this mountain. You do ride your train into the mountain and ride your train into the mountain and ride your train into the mountain and you just might come across this yeti on you just might come across this yeti on you just might come across this yeti on a very thrilling roller coaster. This is a very thrilling roller coaster. This is a very thrilling roller coaster. This is one of the most intense roller coasters one of the most intense roller coasters one of the most intense roller coasters in Disney World. It's inside, it's in Disney World. It's inside, it's in Disney World. It's inside, it's outside, it goes backwards. There's a outside, it goes backwards. There's a outside, it goes backwards. There's a lot to this one. It is very popular and lot to this one. It is very popular and lot to this one. It is very popular and if you're a roller coaster lover, you if you're a roller coaster lover, you if you're a roller coaster lover, you have to do it. So, it's a three. Asia is have to do it. So, it's a three. Asia is have to do it. So, it's a three. Asia is also home to Cali River Rapids. This is also home to Cali River Rapids. This is also home to Cali River Rapids. This is Disney's most water ride water ride. Disney's most water ride water ride. Disney's most water ride water ride. It's a raft ride where you are going It's a raft ride where you are going It's a raft ride where you are going through the forest of Asia that have through the forest of Asia that have through the forest of Asia that have been riddled by a bit of deforestation. been riddled by a bit of deforestation. been riddled by a bit of deforestation. Now, if you've written raft rides other Now, if you've written raft rides other Now, if you've written raft rides other places, this one probably is going to be places, this one probably is going to be places, this one probably is going to be a bit of a disappointment. It has one a bit of a disappointment. It has one a bit of a disappointment. It has one big fun hill, and obviously getting big fun hill, and obviously getting big fun hill, and obviously getting soaking wet is great on a really hot soaking wet is great on a really hot soaking wet is great on a really hot Florida day. Uh, that said, this one is Florida day. Uh, that said, this one is Florida day. Uh, that said, this one is going to be a 1.5. It's another one I going to be a 1.5. It's another one I going to be a 1.5. It's another one I hear a lot of people disappointed when hear a lot of people disappointed when hear a lot of people disappointed when they get off of it. The permanent show they get off of it. The permanent show they get off of it. The permanent show installation here is Feathered Friends installation here is Feathered Friends installation here is Feathered Friends in Flight. This is a stage show where in Flight. This is a stage show where in Flight. This is a stage show where you'll see a variety of real birds and you'll see a variety of real birds and you'll see a variety of real birds and learn about them. They will also perform learn about them. They will also perform learn about them. They will also perform some pretty impressive feats and there's some pretty impressive feats and there's some pretty impressive feats and there's some fun jokes that the birds get in on some fun jokes that the birds get in on some fun jokes that the birds get in on in this. I think a lot of people skip it in this. I think a lot of people skip it in this. I think a lot of people skip it because they're like a bird show. Meh. because they're like a bird show. Meh. because they're like a bird show. Meh. It's surprisingly good. It's going to be It's surprisingly good. It's going to be It's surprisingly good. It's going to be a two. Our final land is in a bit of a a two. Our final land is in a bit of a a two. Our final land is in a bit of a phase of transition and that is the phase of transition and that is the phase of transition and that is the former Dino Land USA that will soon former Dino Land USA that will soon former Dino Land USA that will soon become Tropical Americas in 2027. With become Tropical Americas in 2027. With become Tropical Americas in 2027. With this land being in flux, you may or may this land being in flux, you may or may this land being in flux, you may or may not catch the tail end of Dinosaur being not catch the tail end of Dinosaur being not catch the tail end of Dinosaur being open. This is an intense ride where you open. This is an intense ride where you open. This is an intense ride where you ride in a time rover back in time to the ride in a time rover back in time to the ride in a time rover back in time to the time of the dinosaurs, but they kind of time of the dinosaurs, but they kind of time of the dinosaurs, but they kind of cut it a little close to the meteor cut it a little close to the meteor cut it a little close to the meteor strike. This is an intense ride. It's strike. This is an intense ride. It's strike. This is an intense ride. It's very dark. There's scary dinosaurs and very dark. There's scary dinosaurs and very dark. There's scary dinosaurs and there's an impending meteor shower. So, there's an impending meteor shower. So, there's an impending meteor shower. So, it's definitely scary, definitely it's definitely scary, definitely it's definitely scary, definitely thrilling, and a little funny, too. Sad thrilling, and a little funny, too. Sad thrilling, and a little funny, too. Sad to see it go. And if you do catch it, to see it go. And if you do catch it, to see it go. And if you do catch it, we'll put it as a two. Nearby is the we'll put it as a two. Nearby is the we'll put it as a two. Nearby is the theater in the wild, which is home to theater in the wild, which is home to theater in the wild, which is home to Finding Nemo: The Big Blue and Beyond. Finding Nemo: The Big Blue and Beyond. Finding Nemo: The Big Blue and Beyond. This is about a 20inut stage show that This is about a 20inut stage show that This is about a 20inut stage show that tells the story of Finding Nemo, and tells the story of Finding Nemo, and tells the story of Finding Nemo, and you'll see all of the characters on you'll see all of the characters on you'll see all of the characters on stage brought to life with puppetry and stage brought to life with puppetry and stage brought to life with puppetry and original songs. I absolutely love this original songs. I absolutely love this original songs. I absolutely love this show as a major Finding Nemo lover, and show as a major Finding Nemo lover, and show as a major Finding Nemo lover, and it's got a really big theater that's on it's got a really big theater that's on it's got a really big theater that's on the AC. We'll put it in a two. And that the AC. We'll put it in a two. And that the AC. We'll put it in a two. And that is all of the rides and shows to be seen is all of the rides and shows to be seen is all of the rides and shows to be seen around Disney World. Hopefully, this is around Disney World. Hopefully, this is around Disney World. Hopefully, this is helpful to give you a little bit of an helpful to give you a little bit of an helpful to give you a little bit of an overview of what you should and should overview of what you should and should overview of what you should and should not miss. And if you're still here, not miss. And if you're still here, not miss. And if you're still here, please like this video and drop the please like this video and drop the please like this video and drop the secret code in the comments so you know secret code in the comments so you know secret code in the comments so you know you made it all the way. Plus, don't you made it all the way. Plus, don't you made it all the way. Plus, don't forget to subscribe. We spend all week forget to subscribe. We spend all week forget to subscribe. We spend all week uploading tips, games, information, and uploading tips, games, information, and uploading tips, games, information, and more from Disney World and beyond, cuz more from Disney World and beyond, cuz more from Disney World and beyond, cuz we're pretty serious about fun. Thanks we're pretty serious about fun. Thanks we're pretty serious about fun. Thanks for watching. I'll see you next time.
