---
video_id: o_2Hy877BeM
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Everything Coming to Disney World in 2026 🏰🌐🏨🌳"
published: 2025-12-29
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_2Hy877BeM
---
Here's everything coming to Disney World Here's everything coming to Disney World Here's everything coming to Disney World in 2026. New and improved animatronics in 2026. New and improved animatronics in 2026. New and improved animatronics on Frozen Ever After. on Frozen Ever After. on Frozen Ever After. &gt;&gt; And in the spring, we're going to have &gt;&gt; And in the spring, we're going to have &gt;&gt; And in the spring, we're going to have an updated Big Thunder Mountain an updated Big Thunder Mountain an updated Big Thunder Mountain Railroad. Choo choo. [laughter] Railroad. Choo choo. [laughter] Railroad. Choo choo. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I didn't like that. New Allear's merch. &gt;&gt; I didn't like that. New Allear's merch. &gt;&gt; I didn't like that. New Allear's merch. Stay tuned. Here's a preview. Stay tuned. Here's a preview. Stay tuned. Here's a preview. &gt;&gt; Star Wars launched by an animation &gt;&gt; Star Wars launched by an animation &gt;&gt; Star Wars launched by an animation courtyard is getting redone to be the courtyard is getting redone to be the courtyard is getting redone to be the Walt Disney Animation Studios with a new Walt Disney Animation Studios with a new Walt Disney Animation Studios with a new show, an animation experience, and more. show, an animation experience, and more. show, an animation experience, and more. &gt;&gt; In the summer, Rock and Roller Coaster &gt;&gt; In the summer, Rock and Roller Coaster &gt;&gt; In the summer, Rock and Roller Coaster featuring the Muppets. Choo choo. Oh, I featuring the Muppets. Choo choo. Oh, I featuring the Muppets. Choo choo. Oh, I don't know when it's don't know when it's don't know when it's &gt;&gt; soaring across America is coming by &gt;&gt; soaring across America is coming by &gt;&gt; soaring across America is coming by Memorial Day. Memorial Day. Memorial Day. &gt;&gt; Updated Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger spin &gt;&gt; Updated Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger spin &gt;&gt; Updated Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger spin in the spring. Maybe this time I'll be a in the spring. Maybe this time I'll be a in the spring. Maybe this time I'll be a galactic galactic galactic &gt;&gt; hero. &gt;&gt; hero. &gt;&gt; hero. &gt;&gt; Hero. &gt;&gt; Hero. &gt;&gt; Hero. &gt;&gt; On May 22nd, Millennium Falcon Smugglist &gt;&gt; On May 22nd, Millennium Falcon Smugglist &gt;&gt; On May 22nd, Millennium Falcon Smugglist Running is getting a brand new mission Running is getting a brand new mission Running is getting a brand new mission with Mando and Grou. with Mando and Grou. with Mando and Grou. &gt;&gt; No, [laughter] &gt;&gt; No, [laughter] &gt;&gt; No, [laughter] &gt;&gt; Blueie and Bingo are taking over &gt;&gt; Blueie and Bingo are taking over &gt;&gt; Blueie and Bingo are taking over Rafiki's planet watch this summer. Get Rafiki's planet watch this summer. Get Rafiki's planet watch this summer. Get ready to say goodbye to the petting zoo. ready to say goodbye to the petting zoo. ready to say goodbye to the petting zoo. And hello to the little blue. And hello to the little blue. And hello to the little blue. &gt;&gt; A, that was cute. &gt;&gt; A, that was cute. &gt;&gt; A, that was cute. &gt;&gt; Give me one. Two. Two. &gt;&gt; Give me one. Two. Two. &gt;&gt; Give me one. Two. Two. &gt;&gt; Two. Two. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Two. Two. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Two. Two. [laughter] &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Pumped for this one. Level 99 is coming &gt;&gt; Pumped for this one. Level 99 is coming &gt;&gt; Pumped for this one. Level 99 is coming to Disney Springs. It's like Disney to Disney Springs. It's like Disney to Disney Springs. It's like Disney Quest all over again. Quest all over again. Quest all over again. &gt;&gt; Choo choo. &gt;&gt; Choo choo. &gt;&gt; Choo choo. &gt;&gt; Follow all Ears Net for all the new &gt;&gt; Follow all Ears Net for all the new &gt;&gt; Follow all Ears Net for all the new Disney things coming in 2026. Disney things coming in 2026. Disney things coming in 2026. &gt;&gt; Choo choo. &gt;&gt; Choo choo. &gt;&gt; Choo choo. Nice. So I hated it the second
