---
video_id: 3w4RQzEywk0
channel: AllEars.net
title: "The WORST Disney World Hotel Rooms (Nobody Warned Us!)"
published: 2025-12-15
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3w4RQzEywk0
---
I've stayed at every single Disney World I've stayed at every single Disney World I've stayed at every single Disney World hotel. It's taken me years to do, but hotel. It's taken me years to do, but hotel. It's taken me years to do, but that's a lot of hotel rooms. Today, I'm that's a lot of hotel rooms. Today, I'm that's a lot of hotel rooms. Today, I'm going to be revealing the worst of the going to be revealing the worst of the going to be revealing the worst of the worst. Basically, the hotel rooms that I worst. Basically, the hotel rooms that I worst. Basically, the hotel rooms that I would never pay to stay in. First up, would never pay to stay in. First up, would never pay to stay in. First up, the Little Mermaid rooms at Art of the Little Mermaid rooms at Art of the Little Mermaid rooms at Art of Animation. Art of Animation is an Animation. Art of Animation is an Animation. Art of Animation is an extremely popular hotel. It's on the extremely popular hotel. It's on the extremely popular hotel. It's on the Skyliner, and most of the rooms at this Skyliner, and most of the rooms at this Skyliner, and most of the rooms at this hotel are family suites. All of the hotel are family suites. All of the hotel are family suites. All of the rooms very heavily themed. Some to Cars, rooms very heavily themed. Some to Cars, rooms very heavily themed. Some to Cars, some to Lion King, some to The Little some to Lion King, some to The Little some to Lion King, some to The Little Mermaid, and some to Finding Nemo. Now, Mermaid, and some to Finding Nemo. Now, Mermaid, and some to Finding Nemo. Now, besides The Little Mermaid, all of those besides The Little Mermaid, all of those besides The Little Mermaid, all of those rooms are family suites. Multiple rooms are family suites. Multiple rooms are family suites. Multiple bathrooms, enough room to sleep six, and bathrooms, enough room to sleep six, and bathrooms, enough room to sleep six, and they're not too expensive, so it's one they're not too expensive, so it's one they're not too expensive, so it's one of the most affordable ways that larger of the most affordable ways that larger of the most affordable ways that larger families can stay. But beware, The families can stay. But beware, The families can stay. But beware, The Little Mermaid rooms. Beware. Like the Little Mermaid rooms. Beware. Like the Little Mermaid rooms. Beware. Like the rest of Art of Animation, the Little rest of Art of Animation, the Little rest of Art of Animation, the Little Mermaid rooms are very heavily themed. Mermaid rooms are very heavily themed. Mermaid rooms are very heavily themed. They're super cute. If you got a kid They're super cute. If you got a kid They're super cute. If you got a kid that loves Little Mermaid, you might be that loves Little Mermaid, you might be that loves Little Mermaid, you might be tempted, but they definitely can feel tempted, but they definitely can feel tempted, but they definitely can feel outdated. All of the rooms at Art of outdated. All of the rooms at Art of outdated. All of the rooms at Art of Animation can feel a little bit outdated Animation can feel a little bit outdated Animation can feel a little bit outdated if you look closely, but with the large if you look closely, but with the large if you look closely, but with the large family suites, the rooms are big enough family suites, the rooms are big enough family suites, the rooms are big enough and exciting enough that you don't and exciting enough that you don't and exciting enough that you don't notice. You notice a little more in the notice. You notice a little more in the notice. You notice a little more in the Little Mermaid rooms. They also are on Little Mermaid rooms. They also are on Little Mermaid rooms. They also are on the small end and they're far from the small end and they're far from the small end and they're far from everything. Like, you are going to have everything. Like, you are going to have everything. Like, you are going to have to walk so far. They're far from the to walk so far. They're far from the to walk so far. They're far from the Skyliner. They're far from the lobby. Skyliner. They're far from the lobby. Skyliner. They're far from the lobby. They're far from the pools. They're just They're far from the pools. They're just They're far from the pools. They're just in this like in this like in this like far off distant land of The Little far off distant land of The Little far off distant land of The Little Mermaid rooms. Now, with all of these Mermaid rooms. Now, with all of these Mermaid rooms. Now, with all of these hotel rooms, that's not to say you hotel rooms, that's not to say you hotel rooms, that's not to say you should never book them. There might be a should never book them. There might be a should never book them. There might be a reason that you want to book them. For reason that you want to book them. For reason that you want to book them. For instance, with this room, if you've got instance, with this room, if you've got instance, with this room, if you've got a family that loves Little Mermaids so, a family that loves Little Mermaids so, a family that loves Little Mermaids so, so much, you might consider this. You so much, you might consider this. You so much, you might consider this. You also might consider the newly also might consider the newly also might consider the newly refurbished Little Mermaid rooms at refurbished Little Mermaid rooms at refurbished Little Mermaid rooms at Disney's Caribbean Beach. There are Disney's Caribbean Beach. There are Disney's Caribbean Beach. There are relatively newly reimagined rooms at relatively newly reimagined rooms at relatively newly reimagined rooms at Caribbean Beach that are themed Little Caribbean Beach that are themed Little Caribbean Beach that are themed Little Mermaid as well. So, that's an option Mermaid as well. So, that's an option Mermaid as well. So, that's an option that will be newer, more updated, and that will be newer, more updated, and that will be newer, more updated, and that resort is also on the Skyliner. But that resort is also on the Skyliner. But that resort is also on the Skyliner. But still, there might be a reason to book still, there might be a reason to book still, there might be a reason to book these rooms. Just from my experience and these rooms. Just from my experience and these rooms. Just from my experience and the reviews of others, they're not the the reviews of others, they're not the the reviews of others, they're not the best options. But in this case, with the best options. But in this case, with the best options. But in this case, with the Little Mermaid rooms at Art of Little Mermaid rooms at Art of Little Mermaid rooms at Art of Animation, the pros are there's great Animation, the pros are there's great Animation, the pros are there's great theming. There's lots of cute and theming. There's lots of cute and theming. There's lots of cute and colorful details. The theming might be a colorful details. The theming might be a colorful details. The theming might be a little much for some people, but if you little much for some people, but if you little much for some people, but if you love Ariel, these rooms are great. love Ariel, these rooms are great. love Ariel, these rooms are great. They're also budget friendly. This is a They're also budget friendly. This is a They're also budget friendly. This is a value resort, so the Little Mermaid value resort, so the Little Mermaid value resort, so the Little Mermaid rooms offer a more affordable option for rooms offer a more affordable option for rooms offer a more affordable option for guests. Is it the most affordable? No, guests. Is it the most affordable? No, guests. Is it the most affordable? No, that's over at the Allstars. But it is a that's over at the Allstars. But it is a that's over at the Allstars. But it is a more affordable option. It still gets more affordable option. It still gets more affordable option. It still gets you on the Skyliner. I would just you on the Skyliner. I would just you on the Skyliner. I would just recommend Pop Century instead just recommend Pop Century instead just recommend Pop Century instead just across the way. And speaking of across the way. And speaking of across the way. And speaking of Skyliner, that's our final pro. The cons Skyliner, that's our final pro. The cons Skyliner, that's our final pro. The cons are that these relatively small rooms are that these relatively small rooms are that these relatively small rooms can feel outdated compared to other can feel outdated compared to other can feel outdated compared to other options. Pretty much all of the standard options. Pretty much all of the standard options. Pretty much all of the standard rooms at Value Hotels have been updated rooms at Value Hotels have been updated rooms at Value Hotels have been updated more recently than these. So, if you more recently than these. So, if you more recently than these. So, if you want just a regular hotel room, you can want just a regular hotel room, you can want just a regular hotel room, you can stay at a different value. family suite, stay at a different value. family suite, stay at a different value. family suite, art of animation, regular room, any art of animation, regular room, any art of animation, regular room, any other value resort. Of course, it's far other value resort. Of course, it's far other value resort. Of course, it's far from the transportation in the lobby. from the transportation in the lobby. from the transportation in the lobby. And there are some noise concerns due to And there are some noise concerns due to And there are some noise concerns due to thin walls. You might be able to hear thin walls. You might be able to hear thin walls. You might be able to hear your neighbors, for instance, or kids your neighbors, for instance, or kids your neighbors, for instance, or kids playing outside. All right, let's get playing outside. All right, let's get playing outside. All right, let's get dicey. Okay, let's get spicy. I don't dicey. Okay, let's get spicy. I don't dicey. Okay, let's get spicy. I don't know if everyone's going to agree with know if everyone's going to agree with know if everyone's going to agree with me on this one, but I'm going to say it me on this one, but I'm going to say it me on this one, but I'm going to say it anyway. Riviera Resort Tower Studios. anyway. Riviera Resort Tower Studios. anyway. Riviera Resort Tower Studios. Disney's Riviera Resort is a beautiful Disney's Riviera Resort is a beautiful Disney's Riviera Resort is a beautiful hotel that is themed after Walt's trips hotel that is themed after Walt's trips hotel that is themed after Walt's trips to Europe. It's definitely on the more to Europe. It's definitely on the more to Europe. It's definitely on the more expensive side as Disney hotels go expensive side as Disney hotels go expensive side as Disney hotels go because it is a Disney vacation club because it is a Disney vacation club because it is a Disney vacation club resort. That's Disney's time share resort. That's Disney's time share resort. That's Disney's time share program. So people with the time share program. So people with the time share program. So people with the time share can pay with points whereas if you don't can pay with points whereas if you don't can pay with points whereas if you don't have the time share, you can either rent have the time share, you can either rent have the time share, you can either rent points through a third party or you can points through a third party or you can points through a third party or you can pay in cash and the cash prices are pay in cash and the cash prices are pay in cash and the cash prices are expensive. Regardless, beautiful hotel expensive. Regardless, beautiful hotel expensive. Regardless, beautiful hotel with some rooms that do land us on this with some rooms that do land us on this with some rooms that do land us on this list, specifically the Tower Studios. list, specifically the Tower Studios. list, specifically the Tower Studios. Even though these rooms are expensive, Even though these rooms are expensive, Even though these rooms are expensive, they are among the smallest rooms on they are among the smallest rooms on they are among the smallest rooms on Disney property. They're designed to Disney property. They're designed to Disney property. They're designed to maximize space efficiency. They can only maximize space efficiency. They can only maximize space efficiency. They can only sleep two, so they are for couples sleep two, so they are for couples sleep two, so they are for couples pretty much only. And the two are pretty much only. And the two are pretty much only. And the two are sleeping in the same bed. So, it's sleeping in the same bed. So, it's sleeping in the same bed. So, it's they're very small rooms. The bed is they're very small rooms. The bed is they're very small rooms. The bed is also your couch. Uh, and it's a Murphy also your couch. Uh, and it's a Murphy also your couch. Uh, and it's a Murphy bed. So, if you want like couch sitting bed. So, if you want like couch sitting bed. So, if you want like couch sitting space, you have to put your bed down, space, you have to put your bed down, space, you have to put your bed down, put it back up, you know, do that. And put it back up, you know, do that. And put it back up, you know, do that. And the thing that always makes me laugh the thing that always makes me laugh the thing that always makes me laugh about these rooms is the bathrooms are about these rooms is the bathrooms are about these rooms is the bathrooms are gorgeous and huge. And it really does gorgeous and huge. And it really does gorgeous and huge. And it really does feel like the bathroom is about the size feel like the bathroom is about the size feel like the bathroom is about the size of the tower studio. Now that said, the of the tower studio. Now that said, the of the tower studio. Now that said, the rooms are beautifully appointed. The rooms are beautifully appointed. The rooms are beautifully appointed. The beds are extremely comfortable. There beds are extremely comfortable. There beds are extremely comfortable. There are outdoor patios or balconies, and the are outdoor patios or balconies, and the are outdoor patios or balconies, and the design of the Riviera rooms is truly design of the Riviera rooms is truly design of the Riviera rooms is truly beautiful and feels very upscale. It's beautiful and feels very upscale. It's beautiful and feels very upscale. It's just really hard to justify this price just really hard to justify this price just really hard to justify this price for such a small hotel room. So, the for such a small hotel room. So, the for such a small hotel room. So, the pros here, the modern design, it is the pros here, the modern design, it is the pros here, the modern design, it is the newest Disney hotel, at least until the newest Disney hotel, at least until the newest Disney hotel, at least until the upcoming Lakeshore Lodge is completed, upcoming Lakeshore Lodge is completed, upcoming Lakeshore Lodge is completed, and it is also conveniently located on and it is also conveniently located on and it is also conveniently located on the Skyliner. The cons are that the size the Skyliner. The cons are that the size the Skyliner. The cons are that the size of this room is just overpriced for its of this room is just overpriced for its of this room is just overpriced for its compact size. And that's why I just compact size. And that's why I just compact size. And that's why I just don't recommend paying for it. If you don't recommend paying for it. If you don't recommend paying for it. If you have the DVC points, yes, if you don't, have the DVC points, yes, if you don't, have the DVC points, yes, if you don't, no. Also, compared to some other DVC no. Also, compared to some other DVC no. Also, compared to some other DVC rooms, there's a lack of kitchen and rooms, there's a lack of kitchen and rooms, there's a lack of kitchen and there's very limited storage space, so there's very limited storage space, so there's very limited storage space, so it can certainly feel inconvenient. Now, it can certainly feel inconvenient. Now, it can certainly feel inconvenient. Now, regular Disney hotel rooms don't really regular Disney hotel rooms don't really regular Disney hotel rooms don't really have kitchen amenities either, but the have kitchen amenities either, but the have kitchen amenities either, but the DVC ones do, and this is an exception. DVC ones do, and this is an exception. DVC ones do, and this is an exception. Ooh, I Yeah, I actually I mean, I Ooh, I Yeah, I actually I mean, I Ooh, I Yeah, I actually I mean, I obviously like made this list. I agree obviously like made this list. I agree obviously like made this list. I agree with all of these, but Saratoga Springs with all of these, but Saratoga Springs with all of these, but Saratoga Springs is up next on our list. Now, this one's is up next on our list. Now, this one's is up next on our list. Now, this one's kind of complicated. I'll explain, but kind of complicated. I'll explain, but kind of complicated. I'll explain, but this is a resort that offers a very this is a resort that offers a very this is a resort that offers a very tranquil setting with a Victorian theme tranquil setting with a Victorian theme tranquil setting with a Victorian theme inspired by upstate New York. The resort inspired by upstate New York. The resort inspired by upstate New York. The resort is known to be very clean. It's got very is known to be very clean. It's got very is known to be very clean. It's got very well-maintained grounds, but it's also a well-maintained grounds, but it's also a well-maintained grounds, but it's also a DVC resort and can feel overpriced for DVC resort and can feel overpriced for DVC resort and can feel overpriced for the room size and the amenities. It's the room size and the amenities. It's the room size and the amenities. It's also sprawling, also sprawling, also sprawling, sprawling. If you watch my Saratoga sprawling. If you watch my Saratoga sprawling. If you watch my Saratoga Springs tour on the channel, you will Springs tour on the channel, you will Springs tour on the channel, you will see that I literally got lost and I see that I literally got lost and I see that I literally got lost and I ended up wandering around the golf ended up wandering around the golf ended up wandering around the golf course, which was not my intention. Now, course, which was not my intention. Now, course, which was not my intention. Now, there's a catch here. My family there's a catch here. My family there's a catch here. My family sometimes chooses to stay at Saratoga sometimes chooses to stay at Saratoga sometimes chooses to stay at Saratoga Springs. And that's because if you are Springs. And that's because if you are Springs. And that's because if you are to rent Disney Vacation Club points or to rent Disney Vacation Club points or to rent Disney Vacation Club points or use Disney Vacation Club points, you can use Disney Vacation Club points, you can use Disney Vacation Club points, you can actually get these rooms for a steal. actually get these rooms for a steal. actually get these rooms for a steal. And Saratoga Springs has very large And Saratoga Springs has very large And Saratoga Springs has very large rooms. My family is two adult children rooms. My family is two adult children rooms. My family is two adult children and their respective partners and my and their respective partners and my and their respective partners and my parents. So, a pretty big room is the parents. So, a pretty big room is the parents. So, a pretty big room is the only way we're going to be comfortable. only way we're going to be comfortable. only way we're going to be comfortable. And Saratoga Springs fits the bill. But And Saratoga Springs fits the bill. But And Saratoga Springs fits the bill. But there are a lot of rooms at Saratoga there are a lot of rooms at Saratoga there are a lot of rooms at Saratoga Springs that are just regular hotel Springs that are just regular hotel Springs that are just regular hotel rooms that are not my favorite. The one rooms that are not my favorite. The one rooms that are not my favorite. The one that I stayed in in my tour of Saratoga that I stayed in in my tour of Saratoga that I stayed in in my tour of Saratoga Springs was dark, poorly laid out, and Springs was dark, poorly laid out, and Springs was dark, poorly laid out, and had extremely out ofd furnishings. Like, had extremely out ofd furnishings. Like, had extremely out ofd furnishings. Like, the TV was okay, but it was so small. I the TV was okay, but it was so small. I the TV was okay, but it was so small. I mean, it was it was weird. It was weird. mean, it was it was weird. It was weird. mean, it was it was weird. It was weird. The pros here are that this hotel does The pros here are that this hotel does The pros here are that this hotel does have a really relaxing atmosphere, and have a really relaxing atmosphere, and have a really relaxing atmosphere, and it is the closest hotel to Disney it is the closest hotel to Disney it is the closest hotel to Disney Springs. You can walk, so it makes it Springs. You can walk, so it makes it Springs. You can walk, so it makes it really easy to have access to a ton of really easy to have access to a ton of really easy to have access to a ton of shopping and dining. But the cons are shopping and dining. But the cons are shopping and dining. But the cons are that it's huge and confusing. It says, that it's huge and confusing. It says, that it's huge and confusing. It says, "Easy to accidentally get lost in a golf "Easy to accidentally get lost in a golf "Easy to accidentally get lost in a golf course." Maybe. Okay, maybe. The course." Maybe. Okay, maybe. The course." Maybe. Okay, maybe. The Victorian theme can also feel a little Victorian theme can also feel a little Victorian theme can also feel a little bit bland compared to some of the bigger bit bland compared to some of the bigger bit bland compared to some of the bigger Disney theme options. And it's Disney theme options. And it's Disney theme options. And it's expensive. If you're paying cash, this expensive. If you're paying cash, this expensive. If you're paying cash, this hotel is just pricey, pricey, pricey. hotel is just pricey, pricey, pricey. hotel is just pricey, pricey, pricey. Oh, I I'm I'm about to say another spicy Oh, I I'm I'm about to say another spicy Oh, I I'm I'm about to say another spicy one. Are you guys sit down? Sit down if one. Are you guys sit down? Sit down if one. Are you guys sit down? Sit down if you're standing. I don't know why you you're standing. I don't know why you you're standing. I don't know why you would be watching and standing up, but would be watching and standing up, but would be watching and standing up, but if you are, sit down. Disney's if you are, sit down. Disney's if you are, sit down. Disney's Contemporary Resort. Disney's Contemporary Resort. Disney's Contemporary Resort. Disney's Contemporary Resort is a modern hotel Contemporary Resort is a modern hotel Contemporary Resort is a modern hotel known for its iconic A-frame design. And known for its iconic A-frame design. And known for its iconic A-frame design. And it has the Montreal running through the it has the Montreal running through the it has the Montreal running through the building. Beloved historic hotel. It is building. Beloved historic hotel. It is building. Beloved historic hotel. It is an opening day Disney World hotel. And an opening day Disney World hotel. And an opening day Disney World hotel. And you know what? I love it. You love it you know what? I love it. You love it you know what? I love it. You love it probably. Maybe. I don't know. Some probably. Maybe. I don't know. Some probably. Maybe. I don't know. Some people hate it. I love it. But I do I do people hate it. I love it. But I do I do people hate it. I love it. But I do I do think we have to keep in mind that the think we have to keep in mind that the think we have to keep in mind that the rooms are kind of there's some issue rooms are kind of there's some issue rooms are kind of there's some issue with the rooms. There are Incredible with the rooms. There are Incredible with the rooms. There are Incredible themed rooms here. Not Incredible Rooms, themed rooms here. Not Incredible Rooms, themed rooms here. Not Incredible Rooms, Incredibles themed rooms. This one does Incredibles themed rooms. This one does Incredibles themed rooms. This one does kind of walk a line because the rooms kind of walk a line because the rooms kind of walk a line because the rooms are recently updated and appointed very are recently updated and appointed very are recently updated and appointed very nicely. I really like the way these nicely. I really like the way these nicely. I really like the way these rooms are appointed. They look good. rooms are appointed. They look good. rooms are appointed. They look good. They are comfortable to be in. It feels, They are comfortable to be in. It feels, They are comfortable to be in. It feels, you know, like there's a lot of space. you know, like there's a lot of space. you know, like there's a lot of space. There's a lot of amenities. However, a There's a lot of amenities. However, a There's a lot of amenities. However, a lot of folks, myself included, and I lot of folks, myself included, and I lot of folks, myself included, and I didn't want to be this way, but a lot of didn't want to be this way, but a lot of didn't want to be this way, but a lot of us think that the Incredibles rooms feel us think that the Incredibles rooms feel us think that the Incredibles rooms feel a little cheesy for the price that a little cheesy for the price that a little cheesy for the price that you're paying, not really luxury. When I you're paying, not really luxury. When I you're paying, not really luxury. When I saw these rooms, at first everyone was saw these rooms, at first everyone was saw these rooms, at first everyone was hating on them and saying that that was hating on them and saying that that was hating on them and saying that that was like too cheesy for the contemporary and like too cheesy for the contemporary and like too cheesy for the contemporary and I was like, you know what? I love the I was like, you know what? I love the I was like, you know what? I love the contemporary. I love the Incredibles and contemporary. I love the Incredibles and contemporary. I love the Incredibles and I love a theme. So, I love the rooms. I I love a theme. So, I love the rooms. I I love a theme. So, I love the rooms. I love them. Then I stayed in one. And it love them. Then I stayed in one. And it love them. Then I stayed in one. And it did feel a little bit like I had walked did feel a little bit like I had walked did feel a little bit like I had walked into an issue of Pottery Barn teen. into an issue of Pottery Barn teen. into an issue of Pottery Barn teen. Still comfortable, still wellappointed. Still comfortable, still wellappointed. Still comfortable, still wellappointed. It's just that the theme does feel a It's just that the theme does feel a It's just that the theme does feel a little a little disjointed from the little a little disjointed from the little a little disjointed from the otherwise luxury feeling of the otherwise luxury feeling of the otherwise luxury feeling of the contemporary. Of course, this one is a contemporary. Of course, this one is a contemporary. Of course, this one is a little bit more on the fence. There are little bit more on the fence. There are little bit more on the fence. There are a lot of pros here. You are walking a lot of pros here. You are walking a lot of pros here. You are walking distance to Magic Kingdom. The Montreal distance to Magic Kingdom. The Montreal distance to Magic Kingdom. The Montreal goes through the Grand Concourse. You goes through the Grand Concourse. You goes through the Grand Concourse. You can get on it inside the building. The can get on it inside the building. The can get on it inside the building. The architecture is beautiful and a standout architecture is beautiful and a standout architecture is beautiful and a standout iconic feature. It's historic and there iconic feature. It's historic and there iconic feature. It's historic and there are a wide range of amenities. The cons are a wide range of amenities. The cons are a wide range of amenities. The cons are just that it's very expensive and are just that it's very expensive and are just that it's very expensive and the rooms can feel disappointing for the the rooms can feel disappointing for the the rooms can feel disappointing for the price. If you love The Incredibles or price. If you love The Incredibles or price. If you love The Incredibles or you are willing to overlook like a you are willing to overlook like a you are willing to overlook like a pretty intense theme, these rooms are pretty intense theme, these rooms are pretty intense theme, these rooms are great. But it's just something to be great. But it's just something to be great. But it's just something to be aware of and why a lot of people are aware of and why a lot of people are aware of and why a lot of people are very anti Incredibles rooms. Okay, this very anti Incredibles rooms. Okay, this very anti Incredibles rooms. Okay, this one also comes with a caveat, but it's one also comes with a caveat, but it's one also comes with a caveat, but it's important to share. The Allstar Standard important to share. The Allstar Standard important to share. The Allstar Standard Rooms. Objectively, Disney sells these Rooms. Objectively, Disney sells these Rooms. Objectively, Disney sells these as their worst rooms because they're the as their worst rooms because they're the as their worst rooms because they're the cheapest. These are Disney's value cheapest. These are Disney's value cheapest. These are Disney's value hotels. There's three of them. One hotels. There's three of them. One hotels. There's three of them. One themed to movies, one themed to sports, themed to movies, one themed to sports, themed to movies, one themed to sports, and one themed to music. And the rooms and one themed to music. And the rooms and one themed to music. And the rooms are very affordable accommodations. And are very affordable accommodations. And are very affordable accommodations. And around the hotel, you see like around the hotel, you see like around the hotel, you see like oversized, super fun theming. The oversized, super fun theming. The oversized, super fun theming. The standard rooms are compact and basic. standard rooms are compact and basic. standard rooms are compact and basic. They are the most compact rooms that They are the most compact rooms that They are the most compact rooms that Disney has. They are small and they are Disney has. They are small and they are Disney has. They are small and they are basic when it comes to the amenities, basic when it comes to the amenities, basic when it comes to the amenities, but they serve as the best budget but they serve as the best budget but they serve as the best budget friendly option for guests and kind of friendly option for guests and kind of friendly option for guests and kind of the only budget friendly option. These the only budget friendly option. These the only budget friendly option. These hotel rooms are still pricey at usually hotel rooms are still pricey at usually hotel rooms are still pricey at usually around like $200 per night, but that's a around like $200 per night, but that's a around like $200 per night, but that's a lot more reasonable than any other lot more reasonable than any other lot more reasonable than any other Disney hotel. So, even though these Disney hotel. So, even though these Disney hotel. So, even though these rooms technically are the worst, they rooms technically are the worst, they rooms technically are the worst, they still serve a very important purpose. still serve a very important purpose. still serve a very important purpose. The pros of the Allstars, the biggest The pros of the Allstars, the biggest The pros of the Allstars, the biggest pro, of course, is the price. This is pro, of course, is the price. This is pro, of course, is the price. This is why when I pay for my own Disney World why when I pay for my own Disney World why when I pay for my own Disney World trips, I'm in an allstar, baby. Me and trips, I'm in an allstar, baby. Me and trips, I'm in an allstar, baby. Me and my brother, you're in an all-star room. my brother, you're in an all-star room. my brother, you're in an all-star room. And also, the theming at the Allstars is And also, the theming at the Allstars is And also, the theming at the Allstars is really fun. Some other hotels, like really fun. Some other hotels, like really fun. Some other hotels, like Saratoga Springs, won't feel to kids Saratoga Springs, won't feel to kids Saratoga Springs, won't feel to kids like they have a really cool theme going like they have a really cool theme going like they have a really cool theme going on. This hotel will. So, if you've got on. This hotel will. So, if you've got on. This hotel will. So, if you've got little ones, there are giant big things little ones, there are giant big things little ones, there are giant big things for them to look at, which is fun and for them to look at, which is fun and for them to look at, which is fun and themed and cool. The cons, lack of themed and cool. The cons, lack of themed and cool. The cons, lack of amenities, small rooms, and perhaps the amenities, small rooms, and perhaps the amenities, small rooms, and perhaps the biggest complaint I see about Allstars, biggest complaint I see about Allstars, biggest complaint I see about Allstars, the walls are so thin. You can hear the walls are so thin. You can hear the walls are so thin. You can hear everything in these hotels, and they everything in these hotels, and they everything in these hotels, and they tend to play host to school groups or tend to play host to school groups or tend to play host to school groups or cheerleading competition groups. And cheerleading competition groups. And cheerleading competition groups. And that can mean a lot of tween, a lot of that can mean a lot of tween, a lot of that can mean a lot of tween, a lot of teens. And look, I was a tween girl and teens. And look, I was a tween girl and teens. And look, I was a tween girl and a teen girl. And you want to know what a teen girl. And you want to know what a teen girl. And you want to know what was true about me in those times? I was was true about me in those times? I was was true about me in those times? I was loud and and high-pitched. And that will loud and and high-pitched. And that will loud and and high-pitched. And that will come right through your wall. Oh yeah. come right through your wall. Oh yeah. come right through your wall. Oh yeah. Next one. This is my personal I have Next one. This is my personal I have Next one. This is my personal I have such mixed feelings about this hotel such mixed feelings about this hotel such mixed feelings about this hotel because I often want to call it my least because I often want to call it my least because I often want to call it my least favorite hotel, which is kind of true, favorite hotel, which is kind of true, favorite hotel, which is kind of true, but with the updated rooms, it might not but with the updated rooms, it might not but with the updated rooms, it might not be anymore. And I do really love the be anymore. And I do really love the be anymore. And I do really love the amenities here. So, I I don't know. I amenities here. So, I I don't know. I amenities here. So, I I don't know. I don't know how I feel about this. But don't know how I feel about this. But don't know how I feel about this. But we're talking about Caribbean Beach. If we're talking about Caribbean Beach. If we're talking about Caribbean Beach. If you're wondering why my arm is doing you're wondering why my arm is doing you're wondering why my arm is doing this, it's because I'm playing this, it's because I'm playing this, it's because I'm playing tug-of-war with my dog because you can't tug-of-war with my dog because you can't tug-of-war with my dog because you can't not have attention for 25 minutes while not have attention for 25 minutes while not have attention for 25 minutes while I film this. Is that right? Disney's I film this. Is that right? Disney's I film this. Is that right? Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort offers a tropical Caribbean Beach Resort offers a tropical Caribbean Beach Resort offers a tropical setting with colorful buildings and setting with colorful buildings and setting with colorful buildings and sandy beaches. The resort is relaxing sandy beaches. The resort is relaxing sandy beaches. The resort is relaxing and quiet, but very spread out. I've and quiet, but very spread out. I've and quiet, but very spread out. I've been in a room before where it took me been in a room before where it took me been in a room before where it took me like 15 minutes to walk to the lobby, like 15 minutes to walk to the lobby, like 15 minutes to walk to the lobby, and I'm a very fast walker. Now, these and I'm a very fast walker. Now, these and I'm a very fast walker. Now, these rooms have been updated. I used to have rooms have been updated. I used to have rooms have been updated. I used to have a big issue with these rooms, feeling a big issue with these rooms, feeling a big issue with these rooms, feeling very out ofd, but they have had updates. very out ofd, but they have had updates. very out ofd, but they have had updates. So now, you know, you've got kind of So now, you know, you've got kind of So now, you know, you've got kind of that middle-of the road room, a relaxing that middle-of the road room, a relaxing that middle-of the road room, a relaxing atmosphere, a good amount of amenities atmosphere, a good amount of amenities atmosphere, a good amount of amenities and dining. The pool bar here, as well and dining. The pool bar here, as well and dining. The pool bar here, as well as Sebastian's Beastro, are real as Sebastian's Beastro, are real as Sebastian's Beastro, are real standouts around all of Disney World. standouts around all of Disney World. standouts around all of Disney World. And you've got Skyliner access. The And you've got Skyliner access. The And you've got Skyliner access. The reason why these are some of the worst reason why these are some of the worst reason why these are some of the worst rooms is because they are very spread rooms is because they are very spread rooms is because they are very spread out, and it might feel a little generic out, and it might feel a little generic out, and it might feel a little generic or disappointing to some folks. Um, I've or disappointing to some folks. Um, I've or disappointing to some folks. Um, I've seen that as a report. Overall, I think seen that as a report. Overall, I think seen that as a report. Overall, I think this one is kind of a safer option at this one is kind of a safer option at this one is kind of a safer option at this point. Skyliner's nice, the dining this point. Skyliner's nice, the dining this point. Skyliner's nice, the dining is nice. It's just if you have mobility is nice. It's just if you have mobility is nice. It's just if you have mobility concerns, I would be wary of this hotel. concerns, I would be wary of this hotel. concerns, I would be wary of this hotel. A lot of the buildings also don't have A lot of the buildings also don't have A lot of the buildings also don't have elevators. So, just a warning. The elevators. So, just a warning. The elevators. So, just a warning. The spread and the elevators kind of make spread and the elevators kind of make spread and the elevators kind of make these some of the worst rooms just these some of the worst rooms just these some of the worst rooms just because that's that's not fun. Even if because that's that's not fun. Even if because that's that's not fun. Even if you don't have ability concerns after you don't have ability concerns after you don't have ability concerns after you've walked a million cabillion steps you've walked a million cabillion steps you've walked a million cabillion steps in Magic Kingdom, you don't want to walk in Magic Kingdom, you don't want to walk in Magic Kingdom, you don't want to walk another million cavillion to your room. another million cavillion to your room. another million cavillion to your room. Before we go to our final two, which are Before we go to our final two, which are Before we go to our final two, which are a little bit different and very a little bit different and very a little bit different and very important to know that they exist, let important to know that they exist, let important to know that they exist, let me give you a little bit of the inside me give you a little bit of the inside me give you a little bit of the inside scoop on the best hotels at Disney scoop on the best hotels at Disney scoop on the best hotels at Disney World. I've stayed at every hotel and World. I've stayed at every hotel and World. I've stayed at every hotel and our team is made up of all kinds of our team is made up of all kinds of our team is made up of all kinds of people who have stayed at a ton of people who have stayed at a ton of people who have stayed at a ton of different hotels and we have put our different hotels and we have put our different hotels and we have put our noggin together to create a list of the noggin together to create a list of the noggin together to create a list of the best 10 Disney hotels and explaining why best 10 Disney hotels and explaining why best 10 Disney hotels and explaining why and when they might be right for you or and when they might be right for you or and when they might be right for you or not. If that sounds interesting to you, not. If that sounds interesting to you, not. If that sounds interesting to you, go ahead and head to allers.net/h com/ go ahead and head to allers.net/h com/ go ahead and head to allers.net/h com/ hotel or scan this QR code and you'll be hotel or scan this QR code and you'll be hotel or scan this QR code and you'll be able to get our free guide to the best able to get our free guide to the best able to get our free guide to the best hotels. Free. I love free. That's why I hotels. Free. I love free. That's why I hotels. Free. I love free. That's why I make YouTube videos cuz all I watch is make YouTube videos cuz all I watch is make YouTube videos cuz all I watch is YouTube videos. All right, ready? I told YouTube videos. All right, ready? I told YouTube videos. All right, ready? I told you it was going to be kind of a kind of you it was going to be kind of a kind of you it was going to be kind of a kind of a different angle. Bathtubless rooms. If a different angle. Bathtubless rooms. If a different angle. Bathtubless rooms. If you're going to Disney World with you're going to Disney World with you're going to Disney World with anybody who takes baths or especially anybody who takes baths or especially anybody who takes baths or especially anyone who needs a bathtub, like young anyone who needs a bathtub, like young anyone who needs a bathtub, like young kiddos, where you can't really bathe kiddos, where you can't really bathe kiddos, where you can't really bathe them as effectively in a shower that's them as effectively in a shower that's them as effectively in a shower that's stand up, then you need to be aware that stand up, then you need to be aware that stand up, then you need to be aware that not all Disney rooms have bathtubs. not all Disney rooms have bathtubs. not all Disney rooms have bathtubs. There are bathtubless rooms to be found There are bathtubless rooms to be found There are bathtubless rooms to be found at Coronado Springs Resort, Yacht and at Coronado Springs Resort, Yacht and at Coronado Springs Resort, Yacht and Beach Club, Riviera Resort, Contemporary Beach Club, Riviera Resort, Contemporary Beach Club, Riviera Resort, Contemporary Resort, and Wilderness Lodge. These will Resort, and Wilderness Lodge. These will Resort, and Wilderness Lodge. These will have walk-in showers instead, but no have walk-in showers instead, but no have walk-in showers instead, but no tub. If you are staying at one of these tub. If you are staying at one of these tub. If you are staying at one of these hotels and you need a bathtub, call the hotels and you need a bathtub, call the hotels and you need a bathtub, call the hotel in advance and get them to note hotel in advance and get them to note hotel in advance and get them to note that on your reservation and they will that on your reservation and they will that on your reservation and they will do their absolute best to accommodate do their absolute best to accommodate do their absolute best to accommodate you. If you show up and you find that you. If you show up and you find that you. If you show up and you find that you do not have a bathtub and you need you do not have a bathtub and you need you do not have a bathtub and you need one, head to the front desk and explain one, head to the front desk and explain one, head to the front desk and explain your situation. Disney is all about your situation. Disney is all about your situation. Disney is all about making sure the guest has the experience making sure the guest has the experience making sure the guest has the experience that will make them happy and has all that will make them happy and has all that will make them happy and has all their needs met. So, go talk to the their needs met. So, go talk to the their needs met. So, go talk to the front desk and they'll do their best to front desk and they'll do their best to front desk and they'll do their best to help you out. That said, if having a help you out. That said, if having a help you out. That said, if having a bathtub isn't a concern for you, you do bathtub isn't a concern for you, you do bathtub isn't a concern for you, you do get these modern walk-in showers that get these modern walk-in showers that get these modern walk-in showers that offer a more sleek contemporary look, offer a more sleek contemporary look, offer a more sleek contemporary look, and it can make the bathroom feel a and it can make the bathroom feel a and it can make the bathroom feel a little bit bigger. But, of course, that little bit bigger. But, of course, that little bit bigger. But, of course, that is very inconvenient for families. And is very inconvenient for families. And is very inconvenient for families. And we've touched a bit on this, but the we've touched a bit on this, but the we've touched a bit on this, but the final worst hotel room is any room that final worst hotel room is any room that final worst hotel room is any room that is noisy. No matter where you stay on is noisy. No matter where you stay on is noisy. No matter where you stay on property, there are going to be some property, there are going to be some property, there are going to be some rooms that are better than others from a rooms that are better than others from a rooms that are better than others from a noise perspective. Some Disney resort noise perspective. Some Disney resort noise perspective. Some Disney resort rooms are located on areas prone to rooms are located on areas prone to rooms are located on areas prone to noise, such as near pools, noise, such as near pools, noise, such as near pools, transportation hubs, or common areas. If transportation hubs, or common areas. If transportation hubs, or common areas. If you have light sleepers, whether that's you have light sleepers, whether that's you have light sleepers, whether that's kiddos or you, and especially if you kiddos or you, and especially if you kiddos or you, and especially if you think you're going to be wanting to take think you're going to be wanting to take think you're going to be wanting to take a nap during the day, then there are a nap during the day, then there are a nap during the day, then there are going to be some rooms that are going to going to be some rooms that are going to going to be some rooms that are going to be pretty undesirable. Things to watch be pretty undesirable. Things to watch be pretty undesirable. Things to watch out for. Any room that faces out to a out for. Any room that faces out to a out for. Any room that faces out to a pool, any room that faces out to a large pool, any room that faces out to a large pool, any room that faces out to a large common area or a lobby area. common area or a lobby area. common area or a lobby area. Contemporary is especially bad if you Contemporary is especially bad if you Contemporary is especially bad if you have one of those rooms on the inside. have one of those rooms on the inside. have one of those rooms on the inside. That grand concourse can get loud. And That grand concourse can get loud. And That grand concourse can get loud. And you need to keep an eye out for you need to keep an eye out for you need to keep an eye out for construction. Now, Disney will note construction. Now, Disney will note construction. Now, Disney will note construction on the hotel page on their construction on the hotel page on their construction on the hotel page on their website. So, keep an eye out to look for website. So, keep an eye out to look for website. So, keep an eye out to look for any construction going on cuz it can get any construction going on cuz it can get any construction going on cuz it can get noisy. I was trying to have a noisy. I was trying to have a noisy. I was trying to have a conversation at Grand Fian recently and conversation at Grand Fian recently and conversation at Grand Fian recently and I couldn't even think straight because I couldn't even think straight because I couldn't even think straight because there was just like a drill or like a there was just like a drill or like a there was just like a drill or like a jackhammer in my brain cuz they're just jackhammer in my brain cuz they're just jackhammer in my brain cuz they're just doing so much construction over there. doing so much construction over there. doing so much construction over there. Similar to the bathtubs, if you do find Similar to the bathtubs, if you do find Similar to the bathtubs, if you do find yourself having an issue with this, talk yourself having an issue with this, talk yourself having an issue with this, talk to Disney. Go ahead and call in advance to Disney. Go ahead and call in advance to Disney. Go ahead and call in advance and let them know you would like a and let them know you would like a and let them know you would like a quieter room. They know which ones are quieter room. They know which ones are quieter room. They know which ones are quiet. They will do their best to make quiet. They will do their best to make quiet. They will do their best to make it happen for you. And if it happens it happen for you. And if it happens it happen for you. And if it happens during your trip that the noise is just during your trip that the noise is just during your trip that the noise is just driving you absolutely baddy, talk to driving you absolutely baddy, talk to driving you absolutely baddy, talk to the front desk. Now, there's no the front desk. Now, there's no the front desk. Now, there's no guarantee that the front desk can guarantee that the front desk can guarantee that the front desk can accommodate room requests, but they will accommodate room requests, but they will accommodate room requests, but they will certainly do their best to help you if certainly do their best to help you if certainly do their best to help you if they're able to accommodate. And if they're able to accommodate. And if they're able to accommodate. And if you're nice, pro tip, if you're nice you're nice, pro tip, if you're nice you're nice, pro tip, if you're nice about things, even if you're frustrated about things, even if you're frustrated about things, even if you're frustrated cuz you just woke up from a nap, just cuz you just woke up from a nap, just cuz you just woke up from a nap, just pretend that you're the happiest person pretend that you're the happiest person pretend that you're the happiest person in the world and the most the most cool in the world and the most the most cool in the world and the most the most cool and easygoing. And I know it'll be an and easygoing. And I know it'll be an and easygoing. And I know it'll be an act because when I get woken up from a act because when I get woken up from a act because when I get woken up from a nap, I'm a monster, but pretend. And nap, I'm a monster, but pretend. And nap, I'm a monster, but pretend. And often you'll you'll you'll get a little often you'll you'll you'll get a little often you'll you'll you'll get a little help. A little help. Of course, there help. A little help. Of course, there help. A little help. Of course, there are some pros to having noisy rooms, are some pros to having noisy rooms, are some pros to having noisy rooms, which is that they are at convenient which is that they are at convenient which is that they are at convenient locations. You are close to the things locations. You are close to the things locations. You are close to the things that are making a lot of noise, which that are making a lot of noise, which that are making a lot of noise, which might be things that you want to do. I might be things that you want to do. I might be things that you want to do. I sleep like a rock. I can't be awoken by sleep like a rock. I can't be awoken by sleep like a rock. I can't be awoken by any means except my own valition. So, I any means except my own valition. So, I any means except my own valition. So, I don't mind a noisy room because it means don't mind a noisy room because it means don't mind a noisy room because it means I'm really close to stuff and I'm just I'm really close to stuff and I'm just I'm really close to stuff and I'm just going to sleep through all the noise going to sleep through all the noise going to sleep through all the noise anyway. But that sums up our list of the anyway. But that sums up our list of the anyway. But that sums up our list of the worst hotel rooms in Disney World. If worst hotel rooms in Disney World. If worst hotel rooms in Disney World. If you've made it this far, please put this you've made it this far, please put this you've made it this far, please put this secret code in the comments so that I secret code in the comments so that I secret code in the comments so that I know you made it all the way. And don't know you made it all the way. And don't know you made it all the way. And don't forget to subscribe. We upload tips, forget to subscribe. We upload tips, forget to subscribe. We upload tips, info, games, and more from Disney World info, games, and more from Disney World info, games, and more from Disney World and beyond all week because we here at and beyond all week because we here at and beyond all week because we here at Allers are serious about fun. See you Allers are serious about fun. See you Allers are serious about fun. See you next time.
