---
video_id: 16wpK-vcGg8
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Everyone RAVES About This Disney World Restaurant...Are They Right? -- Via Napoli Review"
published: 2025-11-28
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16wpK-vcGg8
---
Guess what we're doing? What? We're eating at one of the most recommended restaurants in Disney World. We're going to be in Napoli, which is an Italian restaurant located in Epcot. It is very, very popular. And we are going to see what all the fuss is about with a full review and whether or not you should eat there. So delicious. Let's head inside. Let's do it. We are at our table at Bianapoli. Uh it is the atmosphere. That's what we're talking about right now. our comments on the atmosphere. I think this is a beautiful restaurant. I'm transported. It is so light and airy in here everywhere. Even though you have these kind of you have the kind of we're in the what would you call this? The Loia. I don't think that's accurate. It's something almost like a atrium or like Yeah, it's we're off to the side and we have these Florida ceiling aarium. The salon. We have these floor to ceiling windows in here and these beautiful walls that like I mean again it really transports you and there's tons of natural light. And then the I like the crayon added by the children. The children are really cooking with this. And then the main dining room, beautiful vated ceilings. It feels very they're very transported. And then there's Italian art. The chandelier when you walk in, you have to look at it. It is so gorgeous and fun and playful. Um and my favorite theming element is that the three ovens that the pizzas are cooked in uh are named after volcanoes in Italy. Um, I love the olive oil containers on top of some of the waiter stations, too. It's just an awesome atmosphere. Beautiful atmosphere. I see why people love the vibe of coming here. It does feel like a break from your theme park day in a really effective way. Um, and I just will go ahead and comment on the fact that um, we are in the Italy pavilion in Epcot, which means the staff here primarily is going to be cultural representatives from Italy who are on a program to come and work at Epcot, share their culture here. And the Italian customers are the best. I love speaking to the customers here. They are so wonderful to talk to and they love sharing their culture and like tips. Yeah, I love the atmosphere. And we are starting with um drinks soon. Couple drinks. All right, I am kicking off our meal with their star cocktail, which is the lemonchello mule right here. It comes in this beautiful mule glass. And the reason I got this is cuz one, it's their featured cocktail. Two, I hear that everybody gets it. And three, I've been recommended this by several of the Italian cast members in this pavilion who've said, "You have to go to an apple. You have to get the lemonchello mule." So, here I am. I'm doing it. If you're watching this, it's quite good. I don't typically like to pay for mules, even though they're one of my favorite cocktails because they typically are mostly ginger beer. And it's a very easy cocktail to make at home and have it taste just like it does at a restaurant. And whether you add different flavors and stuff, it usually doesn't taste that different from a basic mule. So, it doesn't feel great to like spend, you know, almost $20 on a cocktail out and just get something you can make at home. This is not that. There are a lot of fruit juices in this. So, it really is more like a fruity cocktail, but it's not super sweet cuz the ginger from the ginger beer is cutting through that, but it's not super gingery either. So, if you're not a ginger beer person, I still think you'll like this unlike most meals. The lemonchello also lemon cello is a very sweet, very lemony laour that is super Italian. You have to get it if you're in the Italy pavilion. Um, it's a very overpowering flavor. Balanc is in this drink. So, this is a very balanced drink. It is on the sweeter side, but it's very refreshing, very summery, kind of like um a sweeter sangria. Definitely a really tasty cocktail. I see why it's so often recommended and why they feature it. Brie love, do you care to try this housemade aqua fresca? This is a housemade aqua strawberry aqua fresca. Aqua aqua fresca. Aqua fresca. You know why? because it's Italian and not Spanish. Oh, this is so good. This is mashed up strawberries and like sparkling water. It tastes like pure real strawberries, maybe pureed. If any sugar's added, it's very light. This is not a soda. This is not even a juice. No, I think the effervescence that I thought was there the first time I sipped was actually the tartness from real strawberries. For my appetizer, um, I got the aranchchini, which are basically rice balls. They have a little bit of sausage, a little bit of cheese in them, but they're mostly breaded and fried risotto with their housemade marinara, a little bit of parmesan on top. Very good. Aranchchini. A perfect nice like fry on that breadcrumb out outing and a ton of high quality risoto. Just a little hint of the the cheese and the filling. I wish there was a bit more filling. It's a lot of kind of just rice when you bite into it, but I love rice and I love flavorful rice. This definitely like the rice definitely has like a meat flavor as if it was cooked in a stock. And it's risoto, so it's a creamier rice in general and it's a great texture with that crispier coating. The star here, actually, I think is the marinara. The marinara here is so incredible. It is um a little looser than your typical marinara. There's no tomato chunks. It's very smooth, very bright flavors. Um, the perfect hint of acidity and it just is the best like savory tomatoey sauce. Um, so that the aranchchini is a vessel for bironara is really the win here. My one complaint, it's honestly a little on the bland side. Um, I wish there was a bit more filling to help vary it up, but I think that's kind of typical of traditional aranchchini. So, this is a very tasty dish and honestly very picky eater friendly while still being very authentically Italian. I love fkaca. It's not listed as a plant-based offering on the menu, but we checked with a waiter who told us the marinara that is served on the side is not plant-based due to the fact that they cook the meatballs in the same sauce. And therefore, I get to eat what I've traditionally always had with the with pkatcha, which is olive oil. And this is good all spoiler alert. I know. I'm so excited. The olive oil is so good. Almost floral. It almost has a rosemary quality. Great crust on the bread. Oh my gosh. But the bottom side is soft. The whole inside of the bread is super soft. I'm in love with this bread. I believe there is there is rosemary in the bread. So that's some where some of the fragrance or some of the fragrant, you know, aromatic flavor is coming from. That doesn't diminish how wonderful, high quality, delicious the olive oil itself is, but this is an herb, a lightly herbed bread. We've made it to the entree course. Uh, of course, this is an Italian restaurant, so they do have entre, but the name of the game is pretty much pizza and pasta. And the pizzas here are wild. They do have one called the uh Quattro Mezzo, which is a meter long pizza. We got an individual pizza in a reasonable way. But if you have a lot of people, meter long pizza could actually be pretty good bang for your buck. Um, trying out the ki, which I am saying correctly, which is a white pizza with olive oil and artichoke. Um, and they do have a lot of cheeses on their pizzas. This one has fontina. I'm going to get a big chunk of artichoke just to fully judge it. The Anapoli is often called the best pizza in Disney World. I think that's with good reason. You can see just how well made this is from the way the cheese soaks into the crust. A very thin crust, traditional pizza, but a nice crisp on the outside, made in those beautiful stone pizza ovens. Thick layer of cheese, but seasoned perfectly with olive oil. And then the artichokes on this are so soft and delicate that they mix into your bite perfectly, but add this slight, very slight vinegary tang on the nose to really spice this up and to be a really interesting slice of pizza. And then they have four cheese and meat lovers and margarita. But wanted to go a little more interesting here. And the artichoke I think is really really a plus up on this pizza. Um this is a white pizza where there just isn't a ton of sauce here. Uh I think it's just olive oil in this case. Um it's not like there's a white sauce like when you get pizza from Papa John's that has white sauce which I do like but it's not very authentically Italian. I think it's like ranch or Alfredo and it's so good. But, uh, this piece of pizza is very high quality, very delicious. And honestly, this is the individual pizza. Um, it's a 12 in. I think it's sharable. It's like huge. Um, so good good sharable bite there. Um, but I've got the torillini here. This is stuffed pasta. It does have sauteed panchetta, sweet peas, and it is a parmesan cream sauce, which is very thick. You can see that it's very, very cheesy. Look at that. So cheesy explosion of cheese flavor. The tortoillinis are perfectly al dente and beautifully formed. These are like the ideal shape of tortoillinis. This one is kind of coming apart a bit, but you can see what I mean. Sorry for holding it, but I just want to demonstrate. You can see what I mean with this perfect little U shape. The tortoillini. They're folded so well. Cooked al dente with pasta is a nice yellowish color. Um, and it's got that pleasant starchiness that makes it a bit indulgent while still feeling like it doesn't overpower um, any of the accompaniments, which are delicious here. This is comfort food in a fancy way. This is cheese stuffed pasta covered in a parmesan cheese sauce. And the meat in this kind of just tastes like bacon. It's rich and indulgent, but it's a portion that doesn't seem too heavy or feel too heavy, even for a theme park day. And that parmesan sauce adds this sharpness that really cuts through the richness and makes it just tastes very very good. Um, I'm a fan of the torellini if it's indication of the other pastas they're cooking. And now you get to hear about something that everyone every vegan loves and doesn't dread at all, which is the vegan pizza. This is an off-men vegan item. It's not something you'll find on the menu. That's literally what that means. It's off menu and and you can't find it on the menu. You have to know about it. You have to ask what their vegan options are. Not a fan of vegan cheese on pizza. This is giving me a lot of what I don't like, which is the cream cheese kind of consistency from it that gets stuck on your teeth and on the roof of your mouth. There's something about this crust though because it's so soft itself. It's such a delicious crust. Okay, this is what I would do in the future to be perfectly honest. I would definitely not get it with vegan cheese again just because, no offense to them. This has nothing to do with them. And maybe, no offense to you, maybe you love vegan cheese on pizza. You love that soft cheese. I don't. I would request to have vegetables put on this with the sauce. No cheese that way. Um, that being said, I'm glad I tried it and I I'm gonna eat the whole thing because I'm really hungry and and it's it's not bad. Like, it's it's good. I just for me, nothing against them. They could have done nothing differently. Having vegan cheese on a pizza is not for me. All right, so we just wrapped up. We paid. Um, it is not a cheap restaurant, but it's not the most expensive either. It's definitely a splurge any Disney table service is, but it's not like signature dining super expensive. Okay, so overall, how do we feel about being I had a great time. You know, I would do things a little bit differently. Um, the crust on the pizza was so exceptionally good. I teased the in the intro that the water comes from Pennsylvania. They literally import uh water from Pennsylvania because it matches so closely the uh minerality of Italy, Naples, Italy, and the olive oil. Oh, so good. Like the the ingredients. Exactly. They really I mean they go all out to make this as authentic as humanly possible. And it you can taste it. Yeah. A little bit heavier food just by nature of being Italian food. Um which is a lot for the middle of your Epcot day, but it is certainly not the heaviest. And honestly, I think a welcome reprieve. Definitely. If you like Italian food, I think I can recommend this one full stop. Oh, absolutely. Yeah. But yeah, so you should eat at Via Napoli if you are a diehard fan of pizza, cheese, pasta, or any combination. You should eat there if you have a larger party and you're looking for sharables. They have a ton of options for that and some huge tables. And you should eat there if you're looking for a break in the middle of your Epcot day. Maybe you're drinking around the world. This is a a perfectly suitable restaurant where it's located wise for that. But you should skip this one if you're on a tighter budget. It's not the most expensive, but it's certainly not the most cheap. Maybe stick with quick service. And we're literally looking at the pizza window. You can get the same pizzas served that inside the restaurant served by the slice. This isn't always open. In fact, there's a lot of times during the year that it's not open. It's only open during the busiest times. But when it's open, if you see it's open, definitely stop here. Don't even think about it. Um, and then you also should skip if you're in a hurry. Any table service meal in Disney World is going to take a good chunk out of your park day. So, that's something to keep in mind. Um, and then finally, if the menu doesn't call to you, just because everybody says it's the best Italian food or a really good restaurant, doesn't mean you have to go. For me, I'm just not a big Italian food eater. So, even though I thought this was a great quality, I love the service, I love the food, I love the atmosphere, it's not an one that I go to that often because I that the menu doesn't call to me. So, make sure the menu calls to you. And that's via Napoli. If you're still here, like this video and drop this secret code in the comments and we know you made it all the way. Plus, don't forget to subscribe. We upload tips, reviews, games, and more from Disney World and beyond all week. Why? Cuz we're serious. Serious about fun. See you next time. Bye.
