---
video_id: RbpQzthVAAE
channel: AllEars.net
title: "We Saw Everything NEW At Disneyland Paris -- World of Frozen at Disney Adventure World"
published: 2026-03-27
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RbpQzthVAAE
---
We just walked into Disney Adventure World's first new area. Welcome to Adventure Way. We're on Adventure Way, baby. There's an entire new section of the park that is like a big thoroughfare to the brand new lake as well as down to World of Frozen. >> We're so excited. So, we actually just rode Ray Pon's Tangled Spin uh for the first time because we saw it and we were walking in. We were like, we should get on that. Let's go. And we did. What did you think of Ripon's Tinkled Spin? >> So cutie. It is a traditional teacup ride. It was a little bit harder to turn than I expected. >> It was very hard to turn. >> The ambiance is so cute. They play a lot of that incredible tangled music that you love and Rapunzel talks to you throughout it um towards the end. >> Cute. It was very cute. They're playing Kingdom Dance, which is one of, I think, the most fun songs in Tangled, the Tangled soundtrack. So, very cute ride for it. >> It's beautiful. The painting and everything. This right here is exciting. You can see all these cranes and some construction barriers that are themed to Lion King. Why? Because uh probably the next biggest plan for Disney Adventure World is a Lion King expansion with an attraction that seems very Tiana's Body Adventureesque, but with the Lion King theme. There's uh concept art for that right over here. Now, if you don't know, Disney Adventure World is actually the rethen naming for the makeover of Walt Disney Studios Park. We did visit Walt Disney Studios Park during our last visit to Disneyland Paris and it was not our favorite to say the least. >> It definitely needs this expansion. >> Yeah. So, this makeover is definitely going to be a fun addition with the added liking and then also what we are here to do today. World of Frozen, Adventure Way, and a new nighttime spectacular. >> Yes. And we're actually getting a little bit of an early preview thanks to Disney. If you don't know, you're actually supposed to be here even earlier than this, but some things kind of went ary. And if you want to know what I'm talking about, you can check out our around the world video, but that's neither here nor there. >> May or may not have us getting stuck in both Singapore and Istanbul. >> Whatever. That being said, thank you to Disney for letting us get a little bit of a sneak peek >> and take you guys along with us to see the brand new area here AT DISNEYLAND PARIS. IT'S JUST US SCREAMING AT EACH OTHER. >> SCREAMING. It's fine. >> It's fine. We did just watch the musical moment with Flynn and Rapunzel. Very cute. But one thing I did want to show off is we are back here at the front of Adventure Way. Um I'm hoping we'll get back here again by the time the night is over, but just in case we didn't, I wanted to show you what it looks like when you're going to finally walk in. Quincy's over there waving. Um, you're going to be in like the shadow of Tower of Terror over here, but they have all of these beautiful archways that are going to light up and lead the path throughout the night. There's a lot of flowers. Very cute, very pretty. And then there at the very end is World of Frozen. Now, it's kind of like it's kind of ugly right now, honestly, because the sun is at one of those insane points where everything's not pretty. It's just really bright and hard to see. But this is kind of the POV. Like I said, hopefully we'll get back here again, but I'm filming this just in case we don't so that way you can kind of see what it's like. Rapunzel is right there on the right, the full the Rapunzel's tangled spin and then Arendelle. It's kind of like a north northward star, north star. Now along Adventure Way, one really fun thing to kind of keep your eyes peeled about is there's going to be a ton of Disney characters kind of hidden throughout. So right here, Peter Pan is waiting, kind of watching you from above, looking for some adventure himself. And then over this way, you can actually find Winnie the Pooh hanging out on a bench. So, a lot of really fun bronze statues of kind of different characters that you can find as you're looking throughout this fun area of the park. Quincy's over here, so I'm assuming there's another one. There is. Who is it? Oh, 101 Dalmatians. Yes. So, you need to keep your eyes peeled because they are going to be scattered along Adventure Way and it's going to be kind of like a fun little scavenger hunt. Don't pet him. He's allergic to gingers. >> I miss my dog. >> Yeah, me too. Also around Adventure Way, you can actually meet Mickey himself, of course, in his really gorgeous, very dapper, special outfit just for Adventure World. Look how nice he looks. Now, this is going to be a lot like the other Disney meet and greets around Disneyland Paris. There are going to be times when you have to sign up. There are also going to be times that you can hop in line. Definitely be sure to check out your Disneyland app so that way if you do need to make reservations to hop in this queue, you're at the ready and you don't miss out on taking a picture with this very dapp or very large mouse. Hi Mickey, we love your new outfit. >> Very nice. >> Oh, very nice. Another thing that you can see along Adventure Way is the Disney marching band led by Minnie Mouse herself. It's very fun. They play a lot of very familiar tunes, classic Disney songs, and even some very familiar Marvel notes. She's super cute. She dances along, and she's in a unique outfit that you can't find anywhere else to my knowledge. Next up, we are checking out the Regal View Restaurant. This is the all-new table service restaurant that sits right on the lake on Disney Adventure Way. Like the rest of the way, it is an art nuvo design. And this is a restaurant that is pretty unique because it's completely themed around the princesses. The decorations are themed around the princesses. The food is themed around the princesses. The princesses are themed around the princesses. That's right. This is a character meal where you can meet four Disney princesses in some of them completely new outfits for the theme parks. They're peasant wear. I love this. These are the best outfits. But we are sitting down for a full meal. First impressions of the restaurant as we walk in. Incredibly gorgeous. It is so beautiful. It's got the art nuvo vibe everywhere. There are these incredible floor toseeiling murals of this enchanted garden where all of the princesses have come to hang out together. There are so many wonderful touches in the decoration and these incredible floor toseeiling windows that give you a perfect view of World of Frozen. Regal View serves both breakfast and dinner. We are here for the dinner menu which is a prefix menu. three courses long. It is €100 for adults, which is so expensive. That's even more expensive than Disney character meals in Disney World. It's more expensive than Cinderella's Royal Table in Disney World. Very expensive. For kids, it's going to be $50 a person for a prefix for them as well. With the prefix, you pick a starter, an entree, and a dessert. But there are some extras like our meal started with an amuse bouch that was just a little bit of watermelon uh on a little bit of a yogurt sauce. This was very fresh, very light, on the unique side as amuse bushes go. And though it had beautiful presentation, not the fanciest, but you know, it's included. Great way to start the meal. We did try out the specialty cocktail and the specialty mocktail. The specialty cocktail was called the Orchard Whisper, and was basically like a juice for big kids, really big kids, adult kids who are over the age of 21. Lot of appley flavors, nice and sweet, very drinkable, and that elder flour came through really nicely on the nose. The mocktail, interestingly, tasted a little more grown up despite being non-alcoholic. It's called the Floral Whisper, but did not have as many flower vibes as you might expect. It was more like a tea, not really on the sweet side. It honestly had more of a bitter taste, and I thought it tasted very grown-up. I enjoyed it. Would absolutely get it again. These are not included with the prefix and are an upcharge. Bread and my snow geese. I call them snowies. I we've never met him, but I know of him. >> Famous inventor name. Oh, >> Maurice. Yes, of course. >> You know my story very well. >> Yes. >> Thank you. So, >> for our appetizers, we tried out the tuna tatakei first. This is kind of like a sushi appetizer. It didn't look very good. We were a little nervous because the tuna was pretty dark in color, but that did not translate to the taste. It was pretty well done, had good flavor. I would have hoped for a little bit more wasabi since that's one of my favorite flavor combinations. But overall, a well done tuna taki appetizer that won't fill you up too much, but still has some great flavors and packs a punch as you start your meal. The other starter we got was the avocado and ginger mousse. This was super unique. Uh it really did kind of just taste like very smoothly mashed avocado. I did not get a lot of ginger flavor at all. What I did get a lot of was this incredibly fresh mango that was layered underneath the avocado mousse. Little bit of a weirder texture on the crust on the bottom of this, but the mousse itself was awesome. Filled with a lot of nice healthy fats to get your appetite going. And the mango added this nice bright acidity that helped pair with the avocado perfectly. This was our favorite of the two appetizers and set us off hoping that this meal was really going to step outside of the Disneyland Paris bad food reputation. This is strange, but I think delicious. Lily, we really enjoy this. >> Yes. And I'm stuffed with fresh cheese. That's my second favorite. >> Who? Merida. Who's your first Anna? You're poly for entre. First, we tried the guilt head seabbream. This was a very beautiful piece of white fish. It had the skin on. It was not a crispy skin, but the fish was cooked perfectly. Had a ton of flavor and it went really well with the citrusy foam on the side. The sweet potato puree was so sweet, like naturally sweet potato sweet. And the bok choy was perfectly cooked. This is a real winner all around. No complaints. The same cannot be said for the steak with comfy onions. >> Absolutely. >> You have you've been on any adventures? >> Oh, yes. >> On a few. >> Seeing some new things. Yes. >> We did lots of exploring. >> Oh, yes. >> All right. Sounds >> This is a 100 meal. I was expecting the steak to be a little fancier, but this was more like a pot roast. A very good pot roast. Delicious caramelized onions on top. Lots of great flavors, but it was a cheaper cut of meat, which was a bit surprising. It definitely surprised me when the server didn't ask how we wanted the steak cooked. Um, and then sure enough, little bit of a cheaper cut of steak. Not what I was expecting for a hundred euro meal. And I don't think there's a fancier steak option on the menu. So, just a bit of a surprise there. And I think maybe don't pick this one to get your money's worth. >> Hello, Ariel. Good to see you. >> Know my name. >> Yes. >> You're pretty famous. >> O. Yes. I mean, it's not every day you meet a mermaid. >> Yes. No, that's true. But I did change a little bit. Got my legs. >> And dessert. The vanilla ganache mousse cake was pretty tasty. It was kind of a classic, more basic mousse. Nothing standed out here except for the presentation, which was so incredible. It looked like an actual little book, and it even had the pages carved into the side. This was one of the best presentations I've seen. And even though the moose itself was kind of just fine, nothing remarkable, it's definitely worth getting just because of how photogenic it is. >> Oh, you know my name. >> Oh, yeah. >> So, you know my story. >> Oh, absolutely. >> You know, I'm really good at archery. >> Yeah, she Are you any good at archery? >> She's actually pretty good at archery. You should join us for the next Highland game. Have you on our team? Probably win. I'll practice a little bit. Oh, I can teach you as well. We go riding with Angus and do some archery in the forest. >> Perfect. The other one also a mousse cake, but a little bit of a different vibe here. The primary flavor, passion fruit. The mousse itself wasn't particularly flavorful. It was mostly just kind of a sweet white mousse. Um, but that gel on top, that passion fruit jal, super acidic, really zingy in your mouth, and honestly made for a fun combo with the mousse. Um, and this one also just really fun looking. I think this would be a great one for kids. It was a fun texture that was very creamy and it looks obviously like Ariel's seashell. Overall, Regal View Restaurant I'm a little torn on. It is some of the better food I've had at Disneyland Paris. The food was easily on par with the Disney World character meal and the character interactions were really, really awesome. Plus, you've got an absolutely beautiful atmosphere. That said, it is very pricey. So, I think only worth doing if it's something that you absolutely know would be a hit for your family with the characters and with the atmosphere and with what you know of the menu. Otherwise, that is such a splurge uh that maybe you could stick with just some more of the basics out and around the park. In addition to Adventure Way, Disney Adventure World has gotten its very own World of Frozen. This world of Frozen is very similar to the one in Hong Kong, but a bit smaller. It does however feature some fun of its own including an incredible show and of course it's got its very own frozen ever after. >> Okay, we just watched a celebration in Arendelle and I loved it also. It was so cute and good. >> It was great. So the loose story line is essentially they are celebrating their special day of course >> snowflower day. Snowflower Day, >> which is the Santa Summer Snow Day, >> but a different name. And they have put Olaf in charge of gathering things for this fun show on the water in front of Arendelle Castle. >> A dicey decision if you're asking. >> He had five tasks. It was too much for that little snowman because he forgot >> water would have been fine. or he could have handled, but he forgot the crystals to make the snowfl. >> It was just a flower and he really did not want those sisters to notice. But they're both queens, so they notice everything. Luckily though, Elsa has some ice powers. She has some ice powers and so we got to see them create the snowflower. >> We did. >> It was so cute. The Olaf animatronic. It is wild. >> Is wild. >> It is wild. Everybody, I think if you're watching this, you've probably seen videos of this already. If you are a Disney fan, if you're watching this, you've probably seen videos of him on social. Disney has been kind of hyping him up for a while and I thought, "Oh, nei." And then I saw him and I was like, "That's it. It was so incredible." Now, earlier today, we had initially stopped for an earlier show and then some things ended up running late, so we weren't able to watch it. We are thrilled we weren't able to watch it because we know that it was in B mode and that Olaf had a puppet understudy. Yeah. >> But when we watched it tonight, um we got the real we got the real Olaf. It was so so fun. You do not have to speak French to really enjoy it. They do a great job. Yeah. Explaining the show. It's fairly 50/50, I'd say. >> Which I say is true most isn't a Paris shows. >> Good read. Um if you do have the option to watch it at night, we very much recommend that. >> Highly encourage it. It might not be an option just depend on depending on show times and like the time change and stuff, but if you can watch it at night, watch it at night. >> Watch it at night. It was beautiful. It really lit up with the castle glowing behind it. It just really stood out and you could see the colors so beautifully. So, it was a lot of fun. >> The dancers were great. All the characters were great to see. It was so much fun. >> A great time. Highly recommend. Good job, World of Frozen. >> And that's only at this World of Frozen. >> It's very unique. >> Yep. Loved it. >> We have found our friend Sam for God and we wanted to say hi. If you guys ever need any Disneyland Paris knowledge, this is who you go to. >> Thank you. >> Yeah, we do our best, but we also steal tips from Sam. >> These girls are amazing. I get so many of my tips with Disney World from them. And also, I'm so excited about your adventure in Disneyland Paris and everything you've been doing over the past few weeks. >> Well, as you guys are curious about what Disney Adventure World is like as it actually starts to open. >> Sam, cuz we will be probably laying down for the next >> And you deserve it. At this point, you deserve it. >> Hello. Hello. >> Hello. Oi. >> I see you brought a couple of my friends, the snow gies. >> Of course I did. >> So twice. Well, that is way it's way too much work for me. I didn't come downstairs to my shop. >> All relax in the sauna. >> All relax. Yeah. All happy. Have you been into the sauna? >> Yes. >> Yes, you did. Well, lovely. You should drop by next time. I could give a hair and everything if you want. >> Yeah. You just talk on the drum. I'll trouble BM inside. >> Could we take a picture together? Of course we can. >> Thank you. >> Uh, we're eating again because of course we are. We just stopped in. >> She didn't even give me a chance to tell you guys. >> I'm curious if you know. >> I do know. We're in the Nordic Crowns Tavern. >> I didn't know except that I was looking at this cup >> and I was looking at the napkin. >> No, we're in the Nordics Nordic Crowns Tavern. This is the biggest quick service in World of Frozen and really the only official quick service. There are different spots to eat at, but this is going to be the the sit down option that is not table service. Um, now we are trying several things. Really? No, we're not. I lied. >> We're trying two things. >> We're trying two things, but that's not several. >> Several. We're trying two things. One of which is this Olaf ice cream. It's tutti frutti ice cream. Quincy doesn't like it. >> I don't. >> She doesn't know if I will. >> I don't think she will. >> I love it. No, she doesn't. >> I don't like it. It tastes like >> medicine. It tastes like medicine I had as a child. >> I bought this crown made for children. >> Where'd you get it from? >> I got it from Arendelle Boutique, which is the exit through retail shop for Frozen Ever After, which by the way, we also rode. Frozen Ever After here was, as expected, similar to Frozen Ever After in Disney World. It is the story of you going up to visit Elsa's Eye Palace. Um, and it's very cute. You see all your favorite characters. Uh, the it of course has the animatronic faces on all the animatronics, but very high-tech animatronics on Frozen Ever After, as well as super cute songs, all the songs you recognize. Um, and this one does have, if you are more familiar with the US Frozen Ever After, a much bigger drop. uh not so big that maybe you should be scared of it, but big enough that it might surprise you, catch a little offg guard, feel a little thrilling, but that said, it is still pretty unlikely that you'll get wet even though it is a boat ride. And it's just a super cute ride, honestly. Um I think this is a great addition to Walt Disney Studios Park, and I can't wait for it to fully open and for everyone to get to experience it in their day. It does let out into Arendelle Boutique, which is the largest shop in World of Frozen. It does have tons of super cute Frozen merch. a lot of stuff I've never seen before. Um, including this Anna tiara made for children. Maybe that's been seen before, but it's on my head now. Um, she's walk past it every day and I've caught her something crazy. But I'm The thing I'm obsessed with is the snow gy freaking jacket. It looks so nice, but it's €7. There's a lot of really cute merchandise in there and I think definitely worth a peruse if you're a Frozen fan. Oh, yeah. I'm wearing my Hong Kong Frozen cardigan. They do not have that here. I love this girl. But now we are going to eat. Uh, do you want mind if I try the salmon? >> No. I'm also I did not think the salmon could be bad. >> Isab, it's not good. It's a pretty fishy piece of salmon. >> Well, fishy, but super fishy for salmon. And then the sauce has almost no flavor. >> It's a mustard sauce. I taste almost no flavor. Maybe no flavor. It's the only flavor is the bitterness for biting into the mustard seeds. I do not like mustard. I And I can I could drink that because it tastes like nothing. >> It doesn't taste like mustard at all. The potatoes look like a scoop of cafeteria potatoes. >> Get my car. >> They're a little gluey. >> They are. >> Here's the thing. The veg is >> The veg is fine, >> but a little overcooked and completely bland. >> Little overcooked, completely bland veg. Here's the thing. Emma and I really wanted to be positive on some food in Disneyland Paris because everyone rags on it. And you know, a lot of times you see people ragging on something on the internet and it's just everyone's being kind of mean for no reason or for clicks. That is just not the case in Disney Paris. The food here is rough. And unfortunately, you would think maybe they got the chance to shift that with the frozen. They certainly have not. Our Royal View restaurant meal was good. It was on par with Disney World character meals, but maybe not €100 good. Definitely not €100 good. Even considering the character meal, Cinderella's World Table in Cinderella Castle is cheaper than that. So, I don't know. There the food game has got to be stepped up. Maybe we'll try out some kiosks and find a hidden gym. Okay, more eating. More eating. I am trying out something here at Cafe Lum Lumasi. Okay, now I am trying the cucumber, which is supposed to be a cucumber hot dog, if you will. This is turkey sausage, tomato, onions, and a coriander mix with cucumber pickles, relish sauce on a curry onion bread. as I've taken photos of it. It's very hard and I don't know how I'm going to feel about this. So, we're just going to go in for a good bite. Hope for the best. Bonavit. Okay. And we have to get out of people's way. This is not terrible. Um I think maybe the best thing I've had. I also would say take that with a grain of salt. Still not knocking me off my feet. The bun is pretty darn hard. I'm crunching as I'm getting through it. The sausage is definitely turkey sausage. Um, it's kind of bland. It doesn't have a ton of flavor. Think turkey bacon, but it does have a nice texture. There's a good kind of um kind of like a bite on the casing. There's a better word for that. I'm just blanking on it. The relish and stuff on top, it's light. It's tomatoey. And the onion is probably one of the strongest flavors. I do love the cucumbers. They still just taste like cucumbers, though. They're not even sweet like a pickled cucumber. I think this is fairly bland. I also still enjoy it more than anything else we've had. I think hot dogs are going to be a very safe bet. Um, at the end of the day, bread and meat are okay for the most part. Take one more bite. I wish there was better food. This is kind of frustrating. Um, but this is not bad. If I had to give it on a scale of like 1 to 10, I'd probably give it a four. Four or five. So, not terrible. And I'd say agic. I wouldn't say tragic. It's not bad. I could eat it and enjoy it and definitely better than the other things. Even some of the sitdown restaurant, but for the price, definitely one of the better quick service options. Disney Adventure Way is also home to a brand new lake that is going to serve as the center of the park as Disney Adventure World comes together. And that's where we get to watch the new nighttime spectacular, Disney Cascade of Lights. Cascade of Lights is a show that features drones and pyrochnics and fountains and projections and water drones, all sorts of stuff. It was an amazing show. So much fun to watch. If you are exploring Disney Adventure World, make sure to make time for this show. It is so cool and there's really not a bad seat. The drones are designed so that you can kind of see them from every angle. It's really cool. So, grab a spot around the lake and enjoy. If you guys are still here, thank you so much. Go ahead, like and subscribe because we do stuff like this almost every single day of the week from Disneyland Paris to Disney World and everywhere in between. Why? Because we're serious about fun. Am I?
