---
video_id: V6WcqpVuc2Q
channel: AllEars.net
title: "ROOM TOUR ON THE DISNEY ADVENTURE ‼️🚢🎉"
published: 2026-03-11
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V6WcqpVuc2Q
---
Full room tour of stateaterooms on the brand new Disney Adventure cruise ship. The largest and most unique Disney cruise ship to ever set sail in Singapore. Welcome to our room. There's Emma. This is the room. We are in a deluxe veranda stateateroom. We have an interior veranda. That's why it looks like we're parked next to another ship. We're not. That's more of the Disney adventure. >> More ship. >> Queen bed here for pillows. Lots of outlets. Now, there are not international outlets. There are USBs and USBC outlets, but there are European outlets of two different types. So, bring your outlet adapters if you're coming on the adventure. The adventure Spider-Man here. And then we have this Spider-Man mural behind the bed with Stark Tower, Avengers Tower. The room can be sectioned off of the curtains so that you can have two private spaces. This couch, which is pretty comfortable, is also a bed. We have done bed science, which is why the bed looks a little scruffy. It was promising, but maybe not as plush as the cruise beds on the other ships. We have privacy curtain, very important, because I can see directly into those stateaterooms. blackout curtain if you need a nap. Nice veranda. Two chairs, table. And then we have a view of Disney Imagination Garden. So, we have the castle and the beautiful garden space. And over there, you can even see a bit of where the garden stage is and a lot of the shows happen during the day. If you look up, that's the pool deck and two of the four funnels. Very neat. We've got drawers, haird dryer, and all the necessities are in here. Drawers. Drawers. >> Drawers. >> Drawers. >> Drawers. That's the secret third verse to a haird dryer. Always on. Always ready. Always ready to blast mirror where you can see us do this TV. Very big TV. Very nice. This table is folding table. You can slide it around. It's little now it's bigger. It's easy to maneuver. We are obsessed with it. We've been way too into it. Connecting door. Beverage station. My glasses. This is a kettle instead of a coffee maker. It makes hot water. It's goose neck which is very nice. Botcha coffee and TWWGT water glasses. This is a locking drawer serving as your in room safe and fridge that is possibly a beverage cooler. We cannot tell. Big drawer down here. Wardrobe and more storage space. Big mirror where you can see me do this. Mirror here also where you can see me do this sink. Lots of storage space in the bathroom. Hand soap, bar soap, makeup towel, all the types of towels you need. Big old glass door shower. Look how high this is. I'm 5 foot n. That's awesome. Cruise showers are never like that. Last but probably least, although very important, commode room. And look, lights in the mirror. Isn't that fun? Isn't there a fun room?
