---
video_id: IbF-67LDls4
channel: AllEars.net
title: "What is RunDisney? 🏃‍♀️"
published: 2026-02-14
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IbF-67LDls4
---
You just discovered that Run Disney exists and you're a little interested, but you're also a little scared. Don't worry, you're in the right place. I consider myself a Run Disney expert. So, let me give you a little taste of what it's like. Run Disney will have races at Disney World, sometimes at Disneyland, sometimes they are virtual, and they happen multiple times a year. It's your typical race. They can have anywhere from a 5K, 10K, half marathon, or even a full marathon. You can participate in one of those or all of those. When talking about Disney World run Disney events, there are typically four. Marathon weekend, Princess Halfmarathon weekend with a springtime surprise, and you will also have the wine and dine half marathon. All of these different events have different races that you can participate in. It is a lot of fun. A lot of people participate in these races. They are very popular. It's going to be hard to register. It's going to be stressful. It's kind of like Ticket Master but with Disney prices, but basically months ahead of the actual race that you want to participate in. You will go online, you will register the day that it drops. Hopefully, you can get on right when it drops or else your race might get sold out before you can purchase. You will register and then you'll train really hard for months and then come your race weekend, you'll have the expo where you can go pick up your bib. You can do some shopping. You can buy merch for the race or you can buy just running essentials. Then you'll have different race days. Each race gets a different day. It's very early in the morning. You will be racing before the parks are open because that's the fun thing about Run Disney. You are running through the parks. It is so much fun. That's why people love it. And during your race, while you're running through the parks, there will be character meet and greets. There will be photo ops. There will be music playing. They'll have huge projectors playing movies as you run past. And then once you're done with your race, you cross the finish line. You get a medal. There's more character meet and greets. There's more food. There's more merch. There's more DJs and fun to have. And then you go to the parks and you wear your medal in the parks and everybody's congratulating you. Overall, it is such a fun time. Also, Run Disney is made for everyone in mind. Everyone with different abilities, different levels of running. If you are very prunner, you'll love it. If you're very beginner, never ran a race, you will still love it. And you do not need to be scared of running a race. I was very scared the first time I ran a half marathon. It was something I never thought I would be able to do. And here I am 7, eight, nine races later doing it again. Run Disney is also really fun because you can dress up in costumes. People really go all out and it's very fun to be running alongside Slinky Dog. You've got Buzz Lightyear over there. Then you've got the Tower of Terror running past you. My last race, there were lots of people dressed up as Spaghetti because it was Lady in the themed. All of this to say, I do have a full video out on our YouTube channel showcasing my entire experience for the full entire weekend. So, if you are at all interested, you should definitely go check it out. Ask me more questions down below. I will be answering them.
