---
video_id: bh1RUUGIsU4
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Every Disney Springs Restaurant RANKED"
published: 2026-03-15
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bh1RUUGIsU4
---
Disney Springs. Today we are ranking today uh through five different categories. All of the Disney Springs restaurants, of which there are many and uh there's a lot that maybe you've never even heard of and you'll need to know whether you should go to them or not. We are here to help. Experts. We've eaten at all of these. Um so we are, you know, uniquely situated to be able to rank the Disney Springs restaurants. This is the ranking system we are using. You can see here how we're talking about each of these really about how much we'd recommend them. Of course, there's always exceptions. Even the perfect Supreme tier is not going to be perfect for everybody. You got what? That was wa >> You were being your You were being your Vanna White. >> I have never seen Vanna White do this and I wish I had, >> you know, she gets crazy. >> You haven't seen every episode of Wheel of Fortune. Um, we're going to kick it off. We're kind of doing these in a bit of a random order, but we are going to start off uh with Let's see. Let's start with something. Let's start with something fun. >> Let's start with Splitzville Luxury Lane. >> Ooh. >> Splitsville Luxury Lane is essentially a bowling alley mixed with uh a cool viby retro restaurant. They've got an outdoor bar, uh a couple different bars, uh some interesting food. Uh, I mean, where else can you eat sushi and uh get a strike at the exact same time? Well, that's Blitzville luxury bowling lanes, baby. Let's get into it. Okay, ready? >> Three, >> three, two, one. >> Ooh, >> interesting. Big break here. It's It seems like Quincy and I are kind of on this closer a closer path than you two are on a different path. Um, Quincy, why why are we aiming higher than uh lower? [music] >> So, I actually originally had S in my hand. Um, and I did switch it to A. Um, the reason for that is because Splitzville obviously is one of right now Disney Springs is pretty lacking when it comes to the um activities to do like actual attractions and things used to have more. Splitsville is one of the big like actual like go do something with your family things that isn't like shopping and dining and live music right now. Um, so that pulls it up for me from a recommendation standpoint. Also, I love the food at Splitzville. I think it is so good. It is so delicious. So, that's why I put it up at A. I just like that girl. The only reason I brought it down, I agree with all of that. I wasn't going to give it an S because I think the food is fine. Um, uh, but I was going to give it an A, but I brought it down to a B specifically because >> it can get a little pricey for what you are paying for. And so that that essentially brought it down. Um because because really it also you are timed within an inch of your life. Like unless you're continuing to pay hour after hour after hour for that bowling it it can get pretty pricey. >> Yeah. And if you're eating and having a good time, you will not finish your game. >> Why lower quickly? >> I wanted to do B. I ended up moving it to C only because if you've not been to Disney World or Disney Springs, I'm probably not going to toss that on my recommendation list. [music] I love it. If I was voting for Emma, it would be an S. But if you're planning your vacation, it's probably not going to be in my top five or 10 at Disney [music] Springs as far as like, oh my gosh, you have to go here. But I think the the points Quincy made were very valid. I could move it to a B happily. I would say the same thing. If a family has saved up money to go to Disney World, I'm not going to tell them to go bowling and they can do that at home. You know, like I would say go to a Disney Springs only like fun themed restaurant. It It sounds like B is the right call for this. >> I think B. >> All right. >> It's a middle of the road fine option. Fine. >> It's It's just fine. Next up, this one is one that I would argue a lot of people have probably not heard of. We're going to talk about Aaron McKenna's Bakery in NYC. The reason I think a lot of people have probably not heard of this is this is more of an allergyfriendly focused snack [music] option. They have a mindful menu, as they describe it, with vegan, kosher, and gluten-free snacks. They have a lot of really pretty and interesting things, [music] but if you are not going for those reasons, you might not have ever stepped into Aaron McKenna. So, everyone ready to vote? Okay. One, [music] two, three. >> Oh my gosh. Well, >> wow. >> What I'm feeling is Emma isn't super allergy friendly. >> I voted C because specifically it says I would not recommend a visit except in circum certain circumstances. I absolutely feel that way. If you are someone who needs allergyfriendly dining, these have amazing bites. If you are not going for that reason, I think there are significantly better bakery and dessert options in Disney Springs. So, that's where my C comes from. I think it's great for those people. I I'm agreeing with Emma, but like I wouldn't tell someone who doesn't have an allergy consideration to go here, but the fact that this exists for people that do have allergy considerations is really really cool. have. So I I guess the reason that I like that I didn't go and I'm not saying that you're a half glass full versus whatever. That's not what I was saying. >> Go ahead. [laughter] But what I think I went the route for um a when it said um uh for most people or or a unique as well uh is because when I did go there I still really enjoyed what I had even though I didn't have those allergy needs and because I really enjoyed I was like oh this is even though this has a specific request and is unique it is still good for all people and I really enjoyed what I had which is why I bumped instead of going the C route, which I understand that. I also I bumped into an A route for those reasons cuz I liked what I I liked what I personally had and would recommend it for funsies. So, that's why I went that route, if that makes [music] sense. >> You guys can twist my arm. I I'm willing. This is a system we're working on and it is really great. I've loved all my treats I've had there. I think they're awesome. Uh but it is a more limited >> I think this also could be moved to a B fairly. >> Yeah. Yeah, we could just put it a B. Next up, we are talking about Joffrey's in Disney Springs. There is a full-on brickandmortar Joffrey store that you can go inside and get pretty much anything you could ever want. They also have um bags of coffee that you can take home with you. If you like the certain coffee from one of the parks or a restaurant, they have it there. You can get um pictures printed on the top of your lattes. It's really fun. So, it is very cool to go see an actual Joffre store and not just a kiosk. Okay, I guess I'm ready. One, two, three. >> I can't see. Okay. I wanted to put an S. I was forest. >> All right. Sage, you got to talk. >> Well, the reason I think it's a C is because it's it's Joffrey's. And I don't mean that like as in Joffrey's is bad. I just mean [music] like when you're at Disney's, Joffrey be everywhere, you know? And I I don't think [music] when going to Disney Springs that this is a place I would recommend that you've got to [music] take time out of your day to do. I think in certain circumstances where you are wanting to actually buy a like of beans to take home with you, like totally great, but that's not necessarily something everybody is like, I've got to have Joffre with me. I got to bring the bag of beans me at home. Sure, it's a super vibe space and like it's it's cute, but like I don't it is definitely not something I would say, oh, if you're going to Disney Springs, you got to go to the brick and mortar Joffre. You're going to love it. It's so that's why it's a C for me. It's not something I would recommend doing. It's >> so funny. I think that and Quincy, you can also debate me, but I think Fri and I might be on a similar wave. I think that's coming from local versus people who travel. >> Totally. I want Joffre everywhere because I can only get it in Disney World. So, if I'm only going to Springs for a day, [music] I'm absolutely going to a Joffre. That's where I would get my morning coffee. If I'm spending an entire day in Disney Springs or if I'm there the morning before my flight out later that afternoon, I'm getting my morning coffee for Joffrey's. I've gotten Quitsy's face printed on my latte. I can't do that anywhere else. >> Okay. Well, then can we make that a make it a D then? Or like are we just >> Hey, that's not very nice. >> I think coffee is something that like most people are going to want to grab when they're out and about, especially in like a kind of a shopping mall vibe like Disney Springs. And there's good coffees at Gideon's. There's good coffees at Everglaze. There's obviously Starbucks. But if I'm getting coffee at Disney Springs, I'm getting Jaw freeze by getting coffee. And this is the best Jaw Freeze. Um, the coffee is always really good here and you can get the exclusive copies from all the other Joffrey's locations around Disney World. All at this Joffre location, so it's it's I like it there. And I also do buy the beans. [music] Sage. Me too. Sage. >> That's crazy. I get mine flown in from Seattle. >> I think a only because I do know there are worlds of people out there that when they get off the prize, they come to me and go, I did not like it like you said I would like it. And so I'll leave that option for the handful of people, but we love it. >> I think >> I I I don't care enough to be vetoed out about Joffrey's. So if if it's important to you, go for it. >> Um, all right. Next up, this is a fun one. The Edison. The Edison is a full dining location slash kind of bar loungey vibe. Um, that is more themed than a lot of the stuff in Disney Springs. It's going to be a little more industrial, a little more gothic. It often has live entertainment. [music] Um, and it's known for having really quality mixology as well as some tasty food. [music] >> This is rough stuff, dude. >> This one is hard. This one's pretty hard. >> Yeah. >> Three, two, one. [music] >> What the Whoa, we are all over the board. >> Okay, Fry, you start. So, pre- pandemic, I would have rated this higher [music] because they don't have as much live entertainment anymore that I've seen. Um, so that's gone away a little bit. If we were just talking, they're fun like classes that you can sign up for that would get a higher ranking. But I think in general, I'm not going to go to the Edison. If I want a drink to see springs, I'm go somewhere else. So, I would recommend in certain circumstances like the classes if you want to learn how to make your own drinks and hear from experts and all that, but as a whole, I don't usually go to the Edison. I think that there are only a few places in Disney Springs that do everything and do and do them well. Um, I know they've fluctuated with live entertainment. Uh, but they always do have some sort of whether it be their sound society, like they're the the radio society show that's kind of like a vintage um kind of postmodern jukebox band. Pre- pandemic, they had a full band like they would almost turn into a nightclub. Uh, sometimes they just have a duo, but like they really do well with the live entertainment. [music] Uh, their craft cocktails is really uh all of them are really good. Um, their bartenders are all not only can make their signature cocktails, but can literally almost do they they they care about [music] like the drinks they're making, the cocktails. So, that's really important. Um, they'll talk to you about alcohol for hours, which is very true. Uh, the food is pricey, but there are some like staples that are like on my cravable list. Like, I do love that candied bacon. I do love that those like electronic like the electric fries or whatever it is. uh the steampunk uh vintage style of it all. It really is a [music] really cool viby space. I don't feel like I need to like jump in like full steampunk if I didn't want to. I could just treat it like a normal space or I could, you know, a lot of people kind of dress up when they're having their birthday parties. They like dress up like flapper girls and do the thing and they go there. It's it really can do a lot of what [music] Disney Springs says that they can do. Um, so I think it deserves to be pretty high up on the list. >> Emma, you went A. I did go A mainly for the option that it is so unique. I do think the experience and the entertainment that you can find and the fact that the entertainment rotates is very unique. I think if you're looking solely at food and not the entire experience, it's probably more of a B cuz I I feel like Fry and Sage are pretty solidly up either end. So I think it's up to us. I am thinking of I put up a B. It's up to us. I put up a B. I'm thinking of pulling up to an A. Even though I actually agree with everything both Fry and Sage said, >> that's what I'm struggling with is I think they both have great [music] points. I really do think that it is so unique though and there are a lot of places that you I think are just not going to fit that category. I think it definitely fits into the second half of the a theming where it is a great option that is more unique whereas I wouldn't necessarily recommend it to everybody just because >> I don't think everybody needs to have that experience on their Disney strings day but if you do it's a great option. >> Yeah. >> So we'll pull to A. >> Okay. Next up uh Sage if you will spill chicken guy. [music] Uh, Chicken Guy is a Guy Fierry uh chain. If you're I'm not sure I'm not saying Guy Fiery, right? Quincy always goes Guy Fiieti. I'm like, "Shut up." >> That's Fiiet. [laughter] >> I'm a big FIT fan. >> He He's [music] really serving uh chicken tenders, chicken sandwiches. The big take here is chicken. Uh all the all different sauces you can try, different kind types of chicken. They'll have unique uh dips from time to time, but really it is different kinds of chicken. Chicken fingers to the max. >> Ready? >> Three, two, one. >> Okay. >> Well, that's easy. That'll put it in hay. But Emma, why don't you talk about why we put it in hay, which will probably capture fried sage, and then you guys can add any addendums that you you acquire. I think [music] the reason it is great for most people. This is very picky eater friendly, but they also have some really good options that are more unique that a lot of adults or maybe just adventurous kiddos are going to enjoy. I really enjoy a meal here. The sauces were once better. Would have been an S for me if they didn't cut out all the sauces. Well, I'll tell you that guy. If you would have left the sauces, you would have been an S today. >> Would have been an S. I genuinely agree with that. That was part of the most exciting part of the restaurant. It was the most fun. They've cut it down, so that kind of hurt it. Um, that being said, it's not [music] an S to me because it is also just chicken. Like, I remember the first time that I had it, I was like, it's chicken. Woohoo. Like, but people love it. It is a really good meal. And if you're looking for something simple that will still be exciting, I think that that fits [music] the bill. >> Emma does go into rooms and just exclaim things like, "It's chicken. >> Chicken. I know when there's no chicken there, which is confusing." >> Next up, we have one I'm excited to talk about. Eat [music] by Venique Shahon. Eat is a quick service um in Disney Springs that mainly serves up Indian and Indian fusion dishes. It is one that I think we feel passionately about, but a lot of people are not talking about. It's in the marketplace. It is next to the Christmas store. I know I'm ready to vote. Does anyone else need me to keep talking so they can gather? >> No. Let's just vote and talk about it. >> Let's just vote. >> Let's just vote and talk about it. >> Paige hates it here. [laughter] >> No, no, no. I was saying let's just vote and talk about it cuz we know what's out the >> one two three. >> Wow. >> Interesting. >> Now listen, >> I'm thinking of general people that they're not they think that they won't like this food. They think they don't want to be adventurous and go out of their way. >> Luckily, I like to say that those people are wrong. >> I was thinking name. >> Yeah. I Here's the thing. Even if you don't like Indian food, you will like eat. Its menu is designed to be picky eater friendly in a way that I have never had Indian food that is actually encompasses all of the flavors that I expect in Indian food but in a way that is super approachable to different pallets. Um I mean they have you know what they gave me last time I was there non beer cheese pretzel dippers. Like it was like it was their beer cheese that they made with a with beer in-house and non and pretzel dippers made out of naan. But it's just pretzel dippers but like with just the most incredible flavor ever. They just do their food is just really high quality and I [music] think that it's not as picky eater averse as people think which is one of the reasons people are avoiding it. Um I also think people are scared of spice [music] and I haven't had anything particularly spicy there. I think they do have some stuff but nothing I've had has been spicy. Uh and I truly would recommend this to almost anybody. Um, and I think it sucks that it's in the spot that it's in because I think a lot of people don't know where it is or how to get there. First time I went there, I couldn't find it. So, it's in a kind of rough spot, but I think it is for me the best quick service in Disney Springs nowadays. >> I I would agree with that. The only reason that I brought it down to an A is because of the simple aesthetic and the in the space. I'm like, it's fine. Like, it's just like a typical like grab and go. like it's not very unique when it comes to the actual aesthetic inside of the um venue like other spaces might be, but I concur that it is it is some of the best food that I've had in Disney Springs. >> Mhm. I will also say they are amazing about doing seasonal options, which I feel like a lot of Disney restaurants really they find their niche and then they kind of stick to it. Eat consistently has something new, whether it's just a cocktail or dishes for each season that I think [music] we have always reviewed incredibly highly. So that also helps me out. Uh when it comes to voting, >> I think based on our I based on our statements, I think you should decide if it lands where it lands. I I would say a a Okay, cool. Y'all got to get to eat. >> But I do think you should go to eat. And I do think you should say, you know, [music] your friends from all ears sent you there. >> You should let them know. >> Another interesting one, uh Raglin Road. >> Boom. Oh, >> this one might be controversial, too. >> Raglin Road is a restaurant and also a pub. It is themed to Ireland and um it's got a lot of great food options, sit down restaurant, but also um the pub inside. There's an outdoor bar as well with a patio all around. Great fun. Lots of live entertainment with Irish dancing and musicians. And there's a little bitty stage like in the middle of the restaurant, so the girls are dancing around you. It's a lot of fun. It's very lively. They celebrate Irish holidays throughout the year, so that can be really fun. St. Patrick's Day. It's a big crazy atmosphere over there, so it's a lot of fun. >> Okay, we're all kind of dreading this one. >> I am scared. >> I'm a little scared, too. Okay, one, two, three. >> Oh, okay. >> So, it's an A. It's going to land an A. >> I So, really, >> I thought I thought he was being generous here. I really thought I was being generous. >> You speak first and then I'll speak and then because we're on the odds. >> Uh the only reason I thought I was being generous is here is because one I think the only thing about this location, this venue, this establishment is the entertainment. That is the thing that I think is unique about this. I think in general it is an it is an Irish pub that you can find in any city. I [music] think I I have not had food there that I've enjoyed. Um, even not just me, just like my family. Like >> you hate my people. >> No, I don't. I don't. >> You You hate my people. >> You You know You know what I do love? Um uh Rosen Crown. Rosen Crown. Like Like I'm not >> That's the English pub. >> Okay. [laughter] >> They serve serve similar foods. All All I'm saying though is that like I think it is that it is really a fine option. I I it is not something where I would recommend going uh because as as you mentioned earlier, we are in the scope of Disney Springs. [music] I think there are better options out there. I think it's an Irish pub. The thing that I think that takes it overboard, I mean that gives it a good score is all the different facets of live entertainment. Live entertainment, whether it be the dancers or outdoors or all the things. But as far as the actual Irish pub of it all, I think it's just fine. [laughter] On the S side of things, um I love Irish Puffs. I go I go like I like that's like a common lunch choice for me >> at Universal. Great. >> Bad food. I mean the food is made at Finnegan. >> It was a joke. It was a joke. No, most Irish pubs that I go to, the food is fine because Irish food that listen they are my people. I love Irish food. It is very um kind of one note in a lot of ways and in most instances when I go to Irish restaurants I very much feel that way. [music] I do not at Raglin Road. Raglin Road has upscale dining that is so incredible. Like yes, if you get their fish and chips, it's going to be pretty basic. But if you get their loaded, it is some of the best noki I've ever had. Not even just in Disney World. Their brunch is unbelievable. Um their appetizers are unbelievable. I think their food is some of the best food you can get in Disney Springs. So, >> I think that's crazy. >> That is wild. What are you order? We got to go to Radland Road. That every time we do one of these videos, I'm like, we have got to get in there and investigate because that is Raglin Road is one of the only places, you know, I'm you I you would be hardressed to find me picking a Disney restaurant if I'm given the option not to because I have the wonderful privilege of getting to go all the time to Disney restaurants. Um, I choose Ragland Road with my friends for like brunch or lunch around Orlando. Um, we just planned a couple weeks ago when I had a bunch of friends in from out of town. >> Yeah. So, um, potentially also different strokes, which is why it's a good spot to land in a Next up is going to be Polite Pig. Um, okay. Polite Pig is a barbecue quick service restaurant. Um, they do more than just barbecue though. You can also find um, really great salmon. They have obviously chicken and a bunch of different options. They also have incredible sides. Their Brussels sprouts are so delicious if you're a Brussels sprouts person. Um, and they have like a bunch of different ways you can order. Like you can obviously get like classic barbecue plates, you can get big sharable plates, but it is the place to go for barbecue at Disney Springs. It's a pretty popular quick service restaurant. How does everybody feel about it? All right. Three, two, one. >> I think that's fair. >> Um, Emma, would you like to rep for the yeses since you are passionate? >> I think she should. I am so [music] passionate about this restaurant. This was my restaurant that when we were going to Disney before I lived there and then since I have moved home, we go every single time. I think that they just have really unique options. The butcher board is one of my [music] favorite things in the world as a person who just likes to taste a little bit of everything. The sides can [music] stand on their own as a good meal. They also don't they make your entree even better. And I think the cocktails are fun and exciting. Plus, if you like bourbon, I think you have to go there. Not that many people are like out here like, "Oh my gosh, I'm going to Disney World for the bourbon." But I do think it's a really fun kind of hidden aspect of this restaurant of how many options that they have for people. I also just think I love it, and that shouldn't be the note I'm ending on, but it is the note that I'm ending on. I also like the convenience. I like how easy it is, and I think the quality matches some of the table service restaurants, and it outshines some of the table service restaurants. [music] I'm just not as passionate about it as Emma. I think it's great. It's just I'm I can't get it up to the S level, but everything she said is true and I agree. >> Well, I think that probably what you're saying, Fry, is that it just doesn't feel like there's like more special Disney Springsy options, maybe is what you're thinking. I think that's what you mean. >> It's just it's it's no chicken guy. >> Oh my gosh. [snorts] >> I am okay with I'm okay with putting this an S actually. Um, the reason it's an A for me is that I am a barbecue snob and Polite pigs barbecue does not do it for me. Their sauces don't do it for me. Um, there is [music] this is a hot take, but there is more accurate barbecue, better barbecue at Regal Eagle and Epcot when it comes to Disney World barbecue. That said, I do think this is one of the best quick services in Disney [music] Springs. I think that it's very crowd-pleasing and I think you like the food is just the food's quality. Even though I don't think they're quite hitting the barbecue style that my snobby North Carolina self is looking for, it's really good. Like all the food is great. The flavors are great. It's well done. So, I'm okay with putting this an S. Even though I do prefer Regal Eagle Barbecue. Next up is going to be Sage if you will spill Swirls on the Water. >> Okay. Uh, Swirls on the Water is essentially your Disney Springs doip location. They've got a bunch of different uh, Dole Whips, including Dole Whip Flights, um, soft serve cups and dessert nachos, a lot of exciting uh, dessert things, but it's just a cute little stand towards the back of uh, the marketplace on the water. So, let's get into it [music] in three, two, one. >> Wow. >> Oh, we've done it again. Uh we've done we've done it again. >> The the only reason I they get to see location. I think they have interesting offerings. Again, Dole Whip is like a thing that you can have all over Disney World. [music] Um and this is not just like a local perspective. about like my my my take on it is that you can likely go I guarantee you by your Disney Springs day unless it's your first one you would have had at least two or three doips by this time. That's my assumption. >> I'm thinking of it as recommending to everyone cuz it is Dole Whip. You don't have to have a park ticket to go get Dole Whip here. Uh they do rotate flavors monthly. So every time you go back, every trip, there's going to be something new probably that you haven't tried. It is just dull whip. That's pretty much all they have. But Disney triple whip got to have it at some point. And I think they have fun unique flavors here that you know I would I would recommend it to everybody. The reason I'm on B is because [music] um though as you guys all know I am an aggressive stand of Dole Whip. I consider it to be a major must do in Disney World. [music] Um, I also think Disney Springs is one of the like only places in Disney World that has [music] multiple other dessert options I would recommend over Dole Whip when it [music] comes to like quick stands. Um, cuz like in the parks, do's pretty high up for me. Otherwise, you're probably getting like a mousse or a >> frozen coke, [music] >> another ice cream, like another frozen treat. Whereas in Disney Springs, Disney Springs has like insanely quality um third-party dessert options that I would just tell someone to go to before I [music] said this, which is why I went B. A lot of times if you've had a thousand old whips, you probably still have not had something that's in that flight. But I also don't necessar I agree with Quincy that I would not stand up and be like, you have to go to Swirls on the Water. I just think they have really fun options that I enjoy. I think it probably should honestly land in B. B is the only thing I'm comfortable with. So, >> it's just it's just fine. It's a good option of the many good dessert options. Next up, we have Wolf Gang Puck Bar and Grill. Wolf Gang Puck Bar and Grill is a table service restaurant that you can find in the town center. It's right next to the big Coca-Cola store. It's you've probably walked past it 100 times, even if you did not know that you've walked past it if you've ever been to Disney Springs. Um, this is Wolf Gang is a celebrity chef. You may have seen him on a myriad of television, but specifically Food Network. and it's a lot of his signature dishes that you can find [music] um with a lot of his cocktails. It's really a pretty wide variety. It's more I in my opinion Americanbased dishes. There is also a walk up ice cream bar right outside if you don't want to go [music] all the way in. They also have that option. So, okay. Ready? Three, two, one. >> Oh, okay. This is our first agreement. >> Yeah, that's huge. >> It's our first agreement. [music] Does anyone feel passionate about their their talking point? I have talking [music] points, but >> you just said it. You you talked about it. Go ahead. >> I have been here a handful of times and love this menu. It is delicious. Like [music] truly, I've had I've not ever had a bad meal here. I have also never on my own, despite this [music] said, "Let's go to Wolf Gang Puck." If that makes sense. Like I just don't I've always gone to what other people have asked and I always walk out thinking that was really good. [music] And then I want to try other things at Disney Springs. There are just more exclusive exciting or different options that have better atmosphere, more exciting menus, just a different different level. I don't know. I think it's really great and if it were not at Disney Springs, it probably would be [music] um much more appreciated in my book, but I just think there are better options. Next up, uh Morioto Asia, specifically the table service, the uh street food will be separate. So Morioto Asia table service. Morioto Asia is a table service restaurant. It is Iron Chef Morioto's restaurant. If you watched um [music] that TV show, it is a very nice uh restaurant. It's got a sushi bar in it where they make the sushi fresh for you if you sit at that table. It's got a nice atmosphere. You can see the kitchen. You can see them cooking the food and the duck hanging in the window and all of that. It is really nice [music] atmosphere. I would say it's I mean it's not like the nicest restaurant, but I would say it's a little bit more nicer than a lot of other restaurants in Disney Springs. A fun fact about uh Morimoto uh the chef is that the most popular video on the channel is from well before we had a true YouTube channel and vlogging of Borimoto >> butchering a fish. Uh that is true. >> It is currently on the channel. You can see it right now. We'll link it and look it up. The views link it right here. Just go to our profile by popular. It'll be it'll be the first one. It'll be there. >> That's crazy. I didn't know that. >> 10 years ago. Never beat that Morimoto video. >> So, we do we do have to thank him for that. >> Yeah. Thank you. [music] You say it's millions of views. >> Millions of views. Hang on. I'll look at how much [clears throat] it is. >> Currently, it is 4 million views. It is the grand opening of Morimoto Asia. >> Okay. But but hold on. Check the views for Sage on Disney. Check the views. Just >> I don't I [laughter] um You know why? British assume it's close. [laughter] >> Yeah. I couldn't keep a straight face. >> I'm struggling here. >> Okay, I think I'm ready. >> Okay. One, [music] two, three. >> Oh my gosh. I'm sorry. >> Okay, so it's going to go A and B. Um, I guess Emma talked to us about C. >> I truly was voting this based on what we just talked about with Wolf Gang. Like I've always had a great meal. [music] Um, and I've always enjoyed it when I've gone, but it's just not one that I find myself like itching to go back to or telling everyone like you have to go. [music] The lunch deal is a great deal, but that would be the only reason I'd be like, you should go for the like I would say you you should go for the deal. And that's not really the reason I'm recommending restaurants most of the time. I think this one's a little more popular than Wolf Gang Puck, just like thinking about general people. Um, and I think that that's the reason for that is because it [music] is more unique in what it's offering. Um, this is the probably the best sushi in Disney World and [music] it's obviously Asian food. >> What do you like better? >> Kimonos. Kimonos. >> You like kimonos better than Morioto sushi >> when I've been? Absolutely. [music] What are you ordering? >> I've not been in a hot minute, so that maybe that don't matter. But I absolutely think When was the last time you went to Komodo's? 6 months ago. >> Well, maybe >> I went during the um terrible new menu. I mean, it was it was good sushi. It's just Morimoto's is better. [music] >> I feel like it's better than a middle of the road option. >> It B is middle of the road. >> Yeah. And for reference, like Splitsville is in the middle, Swirls in the Water's in the middle, and Aaron McKenna is in the middle right now. If we >> deserves an A. Give it give it an A. It's better than those things you've listed. Okay. >> I mean, I wouldn't recommend it to everybody, but I every time I've been there, I've really liked it, and I would I would go there on my own. >> I I see swirls on the water making a fast decline. [laughter] >> Next up, we got another dessert spot. We have um pretty popular ice cream spot, Salt and Straw. This is a very small ice cream chain. Um it really doesn't have a lot of locations particularly on the east coast and they do a combination of [music] um kind of more classic flavors like you'll find vanilla and chocolate and wilder flavors like turkey for Thanksgiving. Um or one that's always on the menu is guava and cheese here in Orlando or strawberry and balsamic. Um so they do a mix of more recognizable flavors. Um they do [music] a lot of plant-based flavors that I cannot figure out how they make taste so dairy. >> Does this taste dairy? >> I don't know how they're doing it. I eat a lot of milk substitutes and stuff made with milk substitutes and none of it is ice and straw. I really don't know what they're doing in [music] there. That should be our new phrase for like you look good. That's so dairy. >> It looks so you you're really good. >> Um but yeah, so some straw weird flavors regular flavors also infinite samples. You can sample everything on the menu if you want. Feel free to decide what to get or you can go in there and sample a few and then leave um [music] to your comfort level. Ready to vote? Yeah. Three, two, one. >> Okay. >> Okay. [music] >> Um, Emma, you want to rub for the S's? I really, really like Salt and Straw. But to be honest, even if I didn't, I would tell everyone I know, you've got to try it once. You have got to go. It's just so weird. It's so unique. They're another spot that does consistent rotational seasonal flavors, and you never know what they're going to bring out. and my family almost I would I [music] want to say every time we've gone together we're like well we have to go try that one weird thing. So even if you don't like it there is something about the experience that is just kind of fun to say you got to try something weird but then also the ice cream is objectively very good. So I think it's it deserves to be an S. It I wouldn't consider it a must do in my head I guess because there are so many options and in these springs they're going to appeal to mostly everyone. Um, I for one don't like bugs in my ice cream. So, that part I wouldn't recommend to everyone. >> Emma puts If Emma orders ice cream that doesn't have bugs in it, she actually finds bugs to put in it. >> I get >> on the ground. >> A lot of people don't know that about her. [music] >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Flavor. >> Um, that is a true flavor that they have. They do have bugs in ice cream. >> So, enter at your own risk. I guess the other reason I dropped it down is because uh aesthetically like inside and operationally it's like re it's not my favorite. Like it's >> it's a tight squeeze. >> What? >> It's a tight squeeze. >> It's a tight squeeze. It is a tight squeeze. And there's always switchbacks outside which which means yeah it's popular and awesome but like some of the switchbacks outside it just it's just not appealing. Like I think about the customer experience, right? The guest experience. And it's just Why are you laughing at me? >> And you are a host. >> You're a host. You're an entertainer. You're a developer. >> I can hear when you talk and I love it so much. >> He's a shaker. >> I know. I think auto auto trump card infinite free samples that you can't I was about to say that's hard to find at Disney World. You can't find that anywhere anymore. You go to an ice cream shop, you're like, can I try that? And they're like, no. I say let the little Irish girl feel her passion. Let >> Let the little Irish girl feel her passion. Let the dairy girl feel her passion >> because you are so dairy. >> You're so dairy. >> This You guys are all so We're rebranding Dairy Girls. >> Next up, House of Blues, which is a multiaceted restaurant establishment, concert venue, all the above. Does have a really cool uh uh concert venue. I have both been to concerts there and [laughter] been also the stage as well [music] and uh and it is lovely. It is it's really cool. It's very eclectic. Like [music] it's a true concert venue and like there's nowhere really to sit. It's like everybody stands in the center of the room and around the way. It's uh when I say eclectic, I mean it has like license plates and like different masks. It definitely has a New Orleans vibe that which is just like the restaurant. Um you find like gumbo and things like that there. They've got uh an outdoor uh bar as well. Uh lots of things to do at House of Blues. Eat, see shows, enjoy, drink. Let's rate it. 3 2 1. >> Wa wa. >> That's funny. And I and [laughter] I'll and I'll tell you why I went A and and like I I'll drop down is like I is is really just the concert venue of it all. I think it's a really great concert venue. Um, I think uh the bar outside is lovely. Uh, inside the concert venue, like they I don't know. I think they used to do a gospel brunch that was there. I mean, like it's the A was for the concert venue. And if I can tell >> one of my favorite concert venues ever. >> I can tell you're feeling passionately about the food and the restaurant there, which I feel less passionately about. So, I'll let you go on. >> Yeah. I only put it in C for that specific burning circumstance when you want to see someone in concert. Other than that, I'm not going. >> Yeah. You know. Yeah. If you want to see if you you should honestly if you have the time during your Disney trip, you should see who's going. If there's anybody you're interested in seeing, this is my favorite concert venue of all time. [music] I love it. You can get loaded fries at the concert venue and they're good. But yeah, if you're not seeing a concert, you don't need to go there. Marketplace snacks. This is in, you guessed it, the marketplace. This is a walk up kiosk that is pretty popular [music] on Instagram of all places. You can find a lot of different waffle offerings and they actually just brought out three new savory waffles. They've been known for their ice cream over the top kind of decadent offerings. Now they have three new savory ones. Everyone ready to vote? This one's tough and I don't know how we're all going to land. Okay. 3 2 1 [screaming] >> INDEED. >> Um I think I >> I don't know how we're all going to land. >> When you don't pick me a bubble waffle, this is the place to go, but if that doesn't sound appealing to you, there's many better options. >> BB Wolf's Sausage Company is a place where you can get, you guessed it, sausage. >> What? It is a kiosk, gourmet kiosk if you will, for artisal sausages, but they also have vegetarian versions as well, don't worry. And hot dogs with lots of toppings, sides of chip. Um, it's a nice little grab and go, easy kind of quick service option. >> Three, two, one. >> I wasn't ready. [laughter] >> Fine. It's fine. >> Yeah, I think it's okay. is a hot dog place. >> The hot dogs are good. They're good hot dogs. It's just that's that's not the most exciting. >> You guys ever wanted like title like an like an Earl who also loves sandwiches? >> I wanted that. >> Well, now you know where to go. Arlo sandwich. Arlo sandwich is again pretty clear in the title. It is a sandwich shop. There's a wide variety of sandwiches you can get. uh turkey to meatball sandwich. There's some uh plant-based options as well. One of my favorite sandwiches that and it's like it's like a fan favorite at this point is their Thanksgiving sandwich. It's super it's [music] like it's like everything you love about Thanksgiving leftovers in a sandwich is really good. Um uh and something for everyone. So, let's uh get into the voting. Three, two, one. >> Okay. So, it'll go B. >> I'm cool with B. >> Yeah. Um good breakfast offerings. >> I know some people who are like, "This is a must do every time I'm at Disney Springs just" just cuz they love the actual just like roll sandwich of it all, but I'm not going to recommend it. >> They love the roll of sandwich of it all, you know. But I would I would recommend it for the people who are just looking for like an easy lunch option, which a lot of times people have an expensive dinner planned and they're like in the middle of shopping and you want an easy lunch option like Earl of Sandwich is it? Which is why I gave it a little more of a bump because it is something I would recommend. It is it a musto? No. But is it something I would recommend? Absolutely. >> Blaze Pizza is another quick service option that has, you guess it, pizza. This is a chain and it's got different pizza options. Some more classic, some more unique and fun. So, place pizza. Everybody ready? >> Three, two, one. >> I can make a I was also between B and C. I think B is a safe place for it. It's good. If you want pizza, I genuinely enjoy it. Cooks of Dublin, you can find this over in the Landing. It is going to be located right next to Raglin Road because they kind of are it's the quick service version of Raglin Road in a way. They have a lot of Irish fair. They have fish and chips. They also have bigger options like burgers. Everyone ready? One, two, three. >> Wa! >> We've split the board. We've split the board. >> I love love Cooks of Dublin. I've never >> So good. >> Food is so good. >> And you say that it's the same kitchen. It's the same kitchen as Ragwood. >> Not the same Not the same menu. Not the same. >> Not the same menu. I do agree. >> It's It's so good. I've never had You know what? I think this is crazy. This is actually crazy. I'm going to I'm going to go back here cuz that that's crazy because now that I think about that was that was this was the instinct from he was feeling something passive. He was in high emotions. >> I was high on emotions. Now I'm thinking objectively and the and the thing I'll say objectively is it's very small. There's never a place to sit. It's it aesthetic >> fear and the customer experience >> and the customer narratively when I'm walking into the space I want to feel a certain way. It's not particularly immersive and >> No, [laughter] no, no, no. Um, but the throughput of it all is is uh the put through is is great. Um, I'm saying immersive words now. >> I'm on the line. I'm perfectly happy with pulling it up to an A. I think it's a great spot. I think it is super underrated. I don't think anyone's talking about this as a quick service contender. >> Cheese dip. >> And those loaded fries. We got those ones. >> The fries. I was literally looking them up. The sweet and spicy loaded chips. Oh. Oh my gosh. >> Oh my gosh. So good. That is so good. And it's a huge portion. I think we split it between four of us. Yeah, it was like Yeah, I put it. >> I've gone out of my way to get it again and again. >> All right. Deluxe Burger is a quick service restaurant that offers, you guessed it, burgers. But they're going to have your typical classic burgers, run-of-the-mill burgers, but they're also going to have a lot of unique offerings. And they do sometimes have seasonal offerings or they'll change out a specialty burger that they've got on the menu. So [music] they do have classics, but they also have some more upscale burgers for you to enjoy. >> Three, two, one. Mhm. >> That's good. All right. >> Really clear. Um I once had their uh beef Wellington burger and it's a thing that I like actively dream about. It was [music] It was so good. Um, but it is still a burger joint, but especially burgers are really good from time to time. [music] >> Uh, next up we have Hogen. Hogands, you probably know what it is. It is an ice cream spot. This is fully the Hogen chain that you probably have in your local mall. Um, they have all the same stuff like the banana split dazzler, which fun fact about me is a personal favorite of mine. Um, I love that thing. I don't get it in Disney Springs, spoiler [music] alert, but I do love it. Three, >> two, one. [clears throat] >> I was going to go, but I'll [laughter] >> Yeah, >> I'm so glad I'm not alone in this. >> It's good. Hogs is good. There's just >> great ice cream. >> It's just ice. >> There's just a lot of better There's like better ice There's better chain ice cream at Disney Springs. [music] >> Yeah. >> Yeah. So, the AMC Din is a movie theater that actually has u a little bit of like a table for you to order actual food and actual cocktails. It is a full [music] uh movie and dinner experience, but you can also like last time I was there like you could also order things like fish tacos and things like that. It's so it's not just it's not just your theme park food like your chicken tends and burgers. They do try and uh have some attainable like some more like uh higherend things as well. And there's a full service bar as well, so you can order a nice cocktail to your seat. It is a little pricey, but uh I think it's a lot of fun. So, let's rate it. Oh, this is hard cuz they I can't I have to [music] be objective. Okay, here we go. Three, two, one. >> I can be. >> Are you joking me, Quincy? [music] >> Yeah. Okay, so I actually do. And you check my receipts. Go watch any video of me in Disney Springs. I do >> I've done it before. I know exactly what >> I do recommend going to the AMC during our Disney vacation. I [music] never thought that when I was younger. My brother and I went to an opening weekend of a Star Wars film at the AMC when we just needed something to do. We had our Disney Springs day and it was our flyyou day. Um we flew out late so we went to a movie there. Um the vibe was so fun. It was a way better movie theater than we had at home. And it's something I think during your rest day is a perfectly great way to actually get some rest and entertain your kids while [music] like actually getting some legitimate rest in Disney World um where you're not at the pool and your kids like throw me throw me. Um because they're not going to see that in a movie theater most likely. Um so I >> well I I actually do recommend going to the movies if that is the scenario that you're in. Um, the food here I am typically disappointed except in their chicken tenders which are weirdly good. Um, they're like weirdly good. And this also [music] Emma Emma's judging me because this is also one of my personal most eaten meals in [music] Disney Springs because I go to the this is my movie theater. I go there all the time. It's not even my closest movie theater, but it is a great movie theater that I do go to. Um, [music] that said, I knew that I was going to be the highest rated and I'm perfectly happy with a C. I just wanted to say I think that it's easy to knock going to the movies on a Disney vacation, but it is okay to not want to fill your [music] time completely with stuff that you feel like is like getting your money's worth and like having a nice 3-hour rest and watching particularly a new Disney movie at Disney Springs Frames with all the theming that they do around the theaters and stuff and the environment of people who love Disney movies or Star Wars movies or Marvel movies is [music] very shine. I also want to clarify I'm only voting for the restaurant. I'm not voting for I love AMC. I think if you're going to be in Disney Springs though, get a different meal and then go see your movie or get a different meal after. >> I just love eating while I watch a movie. >> I agree. That's like my biggest advice. >> I actually hate it and that's my >> hate. >> You don't like eating during a movie? >> It's ruining my movie experience with the servers coming in and out and like, no, I've I've always felt that way. >> I have to tell Quincy in particular after this video about the burger I got in my local AMC when I watch Wicked for good. Oh my gosh, it was incredible. >> Here's my thing. It's the service. My That's all. It's the service. Like, if I need something out of normal movie theater, I have to get up. I have to leave and miss what I'm seeing. And then [music] like fact that I can sit there and I can press a little button and someone be like, "Hey, what do you want?" Be like, "I'll have another round of popcorn or another Manhattan, please." Like, that's that's why that's why it's higher for me than a D. That's all. >> I'm not really cool with a C. I'm just I'm just saying it's it's gets a bad rep going to the movies during a Disney weekend. Disney Springs has so many restaurants that choosing where to eat can feel like its own full-time job. And yes, [music] we've tried them all multiple times for research. But if you're planning your Disney World vacation and thinking, [music] "Okay, but where should I actually eat?" We've got you covered. The Allers team put together a totally free guide to the best restaurants in all of Disney World. The spots that [music] are actually worth your time, money, and stomach space. Whether you want the perfect date night dinner, a family-friendly favorite, or a quick bite that won't disappoint, this guide breaks it all down. Scan the QR code you see on screen now, or head to allers.net/best restaurants to grab your free copy and make your dining decisions way easier. Okay, Boat House. This is a very popular Disney Springs dining option, and I'm not just saying that. It is not skewing the boat. That is just objective truth. This is a table service restaurant that's located in the landing and you're going to find a lot of seafood, [music] steakhouse, American dishes. Um, it is also considered one of the signature dining options in [music] Disney Springs. There's also the waterfront dining option and bar out back. And as we all love, the store next to it. Three, two, >> I'm not ready. >> Oh, sorry. >> No, you're good. I have to make a choice. >> Okay. Quincy has the lowest, so Quincy, start us off. >> [music] >> I went to the bow house for Mike Yazi's birthday dinner a few years ago and um it is a very expensive restaurant [music] and ultimately um not to be saged the customer experience is not there. It is extremely crowded and the service [music] does not feel does not match the level and not necessarily that the service is bad like the servers are great. It's just that the way the experience is formed, [music] it's priced like it's upscale and it feels like dining at like kind of a [music] slightly more expensive place at the beach. Like it's like it doesn't feel like dining at an upscale restaurant. It is priced upscale. I also thought the food was good, but also not equal to what the price I was paying. Like there wasn't anything particularly interesting for the price. And it's one of the most disappointed I have ever been with a meal in Disney Springs was that birthday dinner because the price just did not match the experience I got. And I know that um I'm with Sage when he says he loves the bar on the water. I also love the bar on the water. Um and I but I do think I'm going beyond like I also don't think it was a bad experience. But I've been to the Bow Houseman a couple of times and had this experience every [music] time where I just think it is priced and marketed as a more upscale experience than they're delivering. Um, this is a restaurant that I I would recommend to people. I would tell them it's very expensive. Just heads up. Like this is a place for like a nice celebration. If you want to get some like fish seafood kind of thing, I would go here on my DCP and just go get oysters and then go back home. >> That's where that's the way I like it. you get some oysters and a co a cocktail. >> If you're if you're going with the whole table service in mind, [music] you might have a different experience. >> However, I do think it's the most accessible uh seafood you're going to get because I think there are varied ways of like oysters for more adventurous people and like [music] fish and chips, firecracker shrimp from like less adventurous people. Um uh and tying in the fact that like yes, the outdoor bar is there, the dockside uh bar and all the above. Um, so I want to say I the reason I bumped it to an A is because I think it's the most accessible, but it's not an S because I do agree with the pricing aspect of it all. It's some of the best seafood for sure. Like it's the seafood's good. It's just I it is definitely the meal that I have been most repeated [music] in because it's priced like it should be almost fine dining and then you get in there and you have service that you would get at like a any regular table service restaurant. [music] Morioto street food is the outside um kiosk [music] quick service kind of situation right next to Morioto Asia. They have a lot of the same things on the menu. So if you don't want to commit to a full table service restaurant if you just want to try one thing like their famous [music] uh ribs. They've got some ramen options. They've got little small bites. Okay. Ready? One, two, three. >> Oh, >> sorry. My bad. about everyone. I think I was wrong. >> Um, >> why why Sequency? >> Uh, I just um I'm a big Asian food fan and I was really excited about this cuz I love Morimoto. I love the inside restaurant. I love Asian food in general. I love the fact that it's quick service and a little bit cheaper. They change the menu a lot. I feel like there's never many that that many standout options. Um, and I just have never like excited about the food once I get it. Um, that said, it's good. I'm perfectly fine with it going A. Um I I was on the fence between C and B anyway. So I love this place. I have passion about this spot. Um I just love how the easy access of it. I love how I think the food that you do get, even though the menu is consistently changing, is fairly high quality for what you're paying. Um and I think a bow bun and a soup dish, I'm no I'm no happier in the world. Next up, we have um the Daily Poutine. This is a stand right by World of Disney that does serve poutine and they have classic poutine [music] and then they also have rotating seasonal poutines that you can find throughout the year kind of just depending on when you go. They [music] also typically have like one specialty drink that has to do with something that's going on at Disney Springs, but it's a pretty limited menu and it is all about the poutine. [music] Um, so cheese, curds, fries, and gravy or some variation on that. That's fun. Probably not accurate every time. And the Canadians, [music] you might do that, but it's fun. >> Three, two, one. >> Whoa. >> My gosh. >> I love seeing all the time. >> I'll go [laughter] here. >> It'll experience. >> I just love poutine, man. Why do I >> like I love I like like French fries, cheese, >> interesting flavors and toppings just like I'm obviously as is extreme and I actually don't agree with that. I u but I do think like there's an interest there there are always like four or five bowls just kind of something for everybody. The food is always good. [music] I just I just like poutine, man. So I I mean I mean being objective, I'd be like, "Hey, you want some cheese and bread?" Yeah, I'd recommend this place as good poutine. I'm maybe being personal, but I you [music] know what? Deal with it. >> Next up, Sage, if you'll talk about T-Rex. >> A T-Rex. If you've ever been to Rainforest Cafe where they transport you to a um jungle with animatronics all around you and aquariums, it's just like that. Even made by the same company. Uh but it's all prehistoric. Uh, but it's typically going to be your uh most familyfriendly definitely I hate to say the word immersive environment because of the animatronics. A cool family animatronic restaurant. Three, two, one. >> Yeah, that's about right. I wanted to put this in D, >> but if you got a Dino kid, >> you got to go to T-Rex. >> You got to go. >> Putting a bow on T-Rex. It's a it's a fine family establishment. The food is just medium. It's overpriced. Uh but it is familyfriendly, and that's the reason it's a C. And the environment is is still very cool. [music] >> Eva Rainforest Cafe. Ah, well, have you guys ever heard of T-Rex? Oh, you're specializing, [laughter] but the opposite. Uh, this is also very immersive. It has a very similar menu. Um, but you're in the rainforest with animals and sometimes an aquarium. Um, and it's it's the exact same deal, but just in a rainforest. It does have show elements. It does have animatronics. And it does have the Americanized um menu that sometimes will have something interesting on it. Everyone ready to vote? Okay. Three, two, one. >> Yeah, I think it's it's I my exact argument is exactly what Sage said of like there's going to be a kid who likes it. Other than that, I wouldn't tell you to go. >> It's It's the same thing as T-Rex, but kind of a different theme, but there's already like there's two in Disney World. So, there's another one in Animal Kingdom. It's also a chain I can go at home. It's not a huge chain everywhere. If you go to any rainforest cafe in the world, it should be the one in Texas that has a boat ride. >> A ride. >> Yes, for sure. >> Right. Fry Sunshine Churros. >> Sunshine Churros is a little cart on the west side of Disney Springs, kind of over by Disney Style, the movie theater, etc. It sells churros. It's a little snack stand. They will have some specialty churros with some different toppings on them. Um, but at the end of the day, it's just churros. Three, two, one. Wow, good job, guys. You're pretty close. I love a fancy item, and that's the only reason I might be willing to try something. It's also a Disney churro, so it's really just not the best. Next up, we have Enzo's Hideaway, the bar. Enzo's Hideaway is a um speak easy themed bar uh located below the Marian Enzo's restaurant. It's kind of tucked away, a little harder to spot, honestly. Um, and it's actually kind of shockingly heavily themed. It's one of the more heavily themed spaces in Disney Springs. Um, but it's a bar with a little bit of an Italian vibe. It's a touch more upscale. Um, but nothing crazy cuz obviously it's still pretty themed. Everybody ready? 3 2 1. Okay. Okay. A it is. I was thinking about I actually dragged it down just because I for no reason except that I was scared everybody was gonna rate it lower. So I will take back my B and go with an A. This is an underrated bar for sure. >> The reason that I put it up so high is one cuz I thought everybody was going to rate it high and then two uh because the theming is really great. Um it it definitely feels like you're in like an underground Italian kitchen. The food there is all really great. The cocktail is really good. I mean, I I I have yet to have a bad meal there. Um, but we can maybe bring it down because it's dim in there and maybe a little expensive. >> Even though I think the drinks and food are better here, I just wouldn't necessarily I still wouldn't necessarily recommend this to everybody. If you have limited ties to Disney Springs, I'm probably not going to tell you to go to >> I feel that the hideway. >> I feel that. >> But yeah, so A is a good spot for it. Uh, also on this list, it's actually the food trucks here at Disney Springs. Now, at Disney Springs, uh, there in in the little courtyard, uh, near Summerhouse on the lake. Um, there are different food trucks that will, uh, rotate in and out. Uh, it definitely just a fun grab and go. Uh, it's kind of on the water, so it's kind of it's kind of got a got a fun view. Um, and yeah, because it's on that kind of green astroturf, feels like you're pulling up to like a fun food truck little stop. So, shall we? And and this vote is for just all the food trucks in general, not just one. Yes. Three, two, one. >> You can pull it down. >> That's fair. >> Okay. >> Yeah. >> I think the reason they No, >> the food trucks have always felt a little bit like an afterthought. Like they've been like, "Oh, we've got this, you know, big open space. What can we what can we put in here? Ah, maybe we'll put some food trucks." and it just [music] uh it doesn't necessarily feel like that's something that they're intentionally doing things to. Uh now, this is not a knock on the actual quality of the food trucks as they do rotate and their their actual businesses, you know, so um not a knock on them. This is more about the actual concept of the actual food trucks and the price of the overpriced food trucks as well. >> Emma Chevart Smith's homecoming. Oh my gosh, what an honor to talk about. >> What an honor. And I know this is a table service restaurant that focuses on southern hospitality with a twist. You can find a lot of really classic southern dishes here. Um like chicken and waffles, but then you can also maybe have something you've never tried like uh chicken and donuts. They also have a walk up moonshine bar. They also do they do tend to update their menu fairly frequently. Um 3 2 1. Yeah, [screaming] >> let's I actually said this before we started filming. Homecoming is very heavy food for me. Um that said, I can't argue with this. It is an incredible option. Um it is as popular as it is for a reason. The food is so delicious. I will just warn you those servings are huge. Split things if you are not like like I could eat a horse right now. Just split some stuff. Um but I mean the food's incredible. The drinks are incredible. The vibe sage incredible. >> Thank you. >> All right. Uh, next up, Fry City Works Brewing Company. I don't even really know how to describe it. It is on the west side of Disney Springs over by Surle. It's your basic um, bar dining atmosphere. You're going to have typical American fair, burgers, fries, chicken, things like that. Um, you may not have been to this exact chain or location, but you probably have something similar at home. So, there's also lots of TVs. >> I was about to say if you if there's some sort of sports game that you need to watch or your husband needs to watch while you're there, take him to City Works. Drop him off. You go shopping. >> Three, two, one. >> I could go either one to be honest. Yeah, I think it's the place to be if you want to watch a sports game. Also, though, the food isn't standout. It's not bad. There's some pretty good stuff on the menu. Also, if you are a craft beer drinker, this is the place to be at Disney World. So, I think there are enough special scenarios to pull it to see, even though I wouldn't consider it a major recommendation. Up next, we have Stargazers Bar. This is the bar under Planet Hollywood. It is opposite Chicken Guy, which is also under Planet Hollywood. Um, it is more or less a basic walk up bar. Um, the kind of big special thing about it is, uh, on some nights they do have karaoke. 3 2 1. >> Oh, sorry. >> I don't care what is the is the special scenario. If you want to sing karaoke, [laughter] >> I think uh I think the special scenario for me is more of the um is for more of the atmosphere. Like I think it like the outdoor bar uh on the on the like kind of on the springs of it, all the water. Like I think it's uh I think it's got a cool vibe. Actually, I'll bump up to I'll bump up to C for the vibe. It's got a great atmosphere when you're It looks like it's a bad atmosphere from outside, but actually when you're in there, it feels lively and like >> Mhm. >> Disney Springsy. They can vote C, but I'm going to tell you, you should go to almost any other bar. >> I don't I don't disagree with that. >> Yeah. >> Oh gosh, this is hard. You know what? I'm I'm okay with D understanding that like it's higher up on the D scale. You know what I I feel that way too actually where it's like I would not recommend this but it does have its merits. I just wouldn't I still wouldn't recommend it even with its merits. Next up we have uh Sage if you'll do STK Steakhouse. >> SDK Steakhouse. What is it? It's a house full of steak. [laughter] Uh um it's actually quite quite a high-end steakhouse. The vibe is high-end steakhouse that kind of also wants to be a vibe club bar. They have some interesting happy hour offerings and uh I think let's get into it because I think we'll talk I think this will be a little bit controversial. So here we go. >> No. Oh god. No. I couldn't find it fast enough. >> Got to be quicker than that. >> Oh my gosh. All right. Let's going to go see. This restaurant is extremely pricey. It is one of the most expensive restaurants in Disney World. Um, it's also kind of a a distinct vibe where it's got kind of a club-like atmosphere if you go for dinner, which is not what a lot of people are looking for. It's also a chain. You can find SDKs elsewhere. That said, steak very good, >> drinks very good, food, very good. Um, Sage and I had an absolutely incredible lunch here with a happy hour. Absolutely. It was like so re It was like shockingly reasonably priced for an insanely good steak salad. Like we had such a good lunch within the Everything in Disney World series. The happy hour was the only reason I didn't put it in D. >> Yeah, >> to be honest, >> I think you should. It It does have good steak and the happy hour is incredible, but that's the one reason I would tell you to go any any other time. Do not go. The portions are too small. The um steak is fine. I wouldn't say it's a standout steak. And I also think that it's such a big chain that it just I don't know. I think that takes it out. [music] Unfortunately, I feel passionate about putting it in C. >> I mean, it's it can definitely land in C. >> It's going to it's going to land in C. Oh, yeah. The only reason I was a little bit higher is because is because of that happy hour experience because even when I even though it has been pricey, when I have been there, it's been quite lovely. Like just the the meals in general. Uh and the cocktails that they make, the craft cocktails are really good as well. Um so that's why I had it price a little higher. My but I agree that like this my thing about it is that it just doesn't quite know what what it wants to be. It wants to be. [music] It's It's It's got a DJ like pumping in the steakhouse. I'm like, "What are you doing, guys?" Anyway, I'm >> I'm cool with C. Let's just see. >> All right. Next up, we have Tarolina Crafted Italian. >> Okay. Tolina Crafted Italian. It's going to offer up a lot of Italian classic dishes. There is also an outdoor walkup bar. I'm sure that we will chat, I think, [music] about more specifics, but table service with Italian um offerings and a decent decent cocktail menu. Is everyone prepared? Ready? One, two, three. >> All right, another >> I think the quality is okay. I've had some excellent cocktails [music] there. I've had some good meals, but I would not say that it stands out among all of the other offerings. Lvoli Gelato is true authentic gelato from Italy. This is a very well-known um like brand [music] and company. So, it's got really good flavors. Solid gelato if that is what you're craving. So, if you want gelato, this is where you're going to go. >> Three, two, one. >> Picking. >> I'm training. I was going to [laughter] >> Well, I was like, am I aiming high and I aimed high and I disagreed with myself as soon as I held it up. >> It'll land. It'll land B. Aba, do you want to talk about it as our odd one out? >> Honestly, the only reason I vote A is just because I think it is excellent. Like I really do think I've never had anything bad here. It's not Some things are really good and then others are f I really genuinely think everything's incredible. I love that you get classic true avocado there. And I also love how often they do seasonal elements. I think it's really incredible quality and a lot of like the ice cream spots that we love all use the same ice cream [music] um even if they have different options. So I do love that this is genuinely unique in that way as well. >> Go to B. >> All right. [music] Go in a B. All right. All right, next up, Wine Bar George. This is a restaurant by Somalia George Migos. Uh, and it is a what? It sounds like Wine Bar, but it is also an upscale restaurant with a lot of really great options. Um, some shareful plates, smaller plates, then also like full regular plates. Um, they do brunch and obviously have a very exceptional wine menu. Um, probably the most varied [music] uh, wine menu at Disney World. Kind of difficult to get a table here cuz it is so popular. Um, lots of folks love it. That's as Eva said earlier, not influencing you. It's just true. That's how people feel about George. Uh, everybody ready? >> Three. >> Three, two, one, >> two, one. >> Let's go. >> Very well. >> They've got cheese on fire. [music] So, >> yeah, cheese on fire. They've got good food. They've got great cocktails. They've got great wine. They've got great atmosphere. It's It's lovely. >> And George is there a lot. >> George is there a lot. You could talk to George. Sage, Wetszel's pretzels. [laughter] >> You know when you're walking through a mall and you're like, "What's [snorts] that smell?" I guarantee you it's probably a Wetzel's pretzel. Uh they've got yummy salted pretzels. They've got pretzel bites with [music] uh condiments like cheese or jalapeno sauce. Or they uh have interesting things like cinnamon bites and uh a pretzel dog, which is a dog a hot dog wrapped around pretzels just like it's your standard mall. Hot dog wrapped around pretzels. >> Sorry. [laughter] Pretzel wrapped around a hot dog. But also, wouldn't that be crazy if a hot dog was wrapped around a pretzel? >> All right, let's vote. Um, >> all right. Here we go. Three, two, one. >> Oh, [laughter] come on. >> I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. >> I'm kidding. [laughter] I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm also I wavered between D and C. We do go there. >> Yeah. >> I get whistled pretzels anytime I'm at Disney Springs, but it's not something I would ever recommend. That's a that's a that's a local thing. >> We go there for filming and he already had a bag. [laughter] >> I mean, they're good. They're just Yeah, you can get these anywhere. These are a good place for them. >> Yeah. Um All right. Next up at a Coca-Cola rooftop bar. If you've ever been to Disney Springs or even seen a video of Disney Springs, I would bet at some point you've seen this building. It is the massive Coca-Cola store. You go up some many flights. [music] It's not flights. You can go up a ramp and you get to the top. And then this is where you're going to find the rooftop bar. At the rooftop bar, they have a lot of specialty beverages, fancy milkshakes, and then you can also get a lot of the drinks from Club Cool over at Epcot as a full beverage. If you want that, you can get the Beverly there. I've done it. I don't recommend that part. That's a personal note. But the rest is it's a a bar with cool drinks but no alcohol. >> They actually have more sodas from around the world than Club Cool does now. Um it's like a big you get a big tray. And I'll tell you, share that thing. You will get sick. >> 16 flavors. >> You'll get sick. It's so much more than you think it is. Share it. >> Three, two, one. Wow. >> Wow. >> What? That's crazy. >> I need to hear from Fry immediately. >> So, this is like one of the only places in Disney Springs at least that I would recommend like for families. Like if you want your kid to go have a fun beverage while you might have gotten a drink at a bar somewhere else, you know, tell them to go get a fun Coke from the Coke store that you might not have at home or try sit down and have all the tray of all of the Cokes from around the world. You can do that. If your kid, you know, loves a certain Coke from Club Cool and you're here in Disney Springs, they can go get it here. I think this is a great place for people who don't want to drink alcohol, but still want a fun beverage. So, this [music] is that realm of why I would recommend it to anyone. Like, yeah, go get a fun Coke. Me, I'm going to go get me a Diet Coke. And I would much rather get that instead of an alcoholic drink most days. So I think just [music] in that aspect of it for people who don't drink but still want to have a fun >> era of swig store was kind of doing it first. >> It did. So I that's why I I mean I know S is crazy but not everybody drinks alcohol but people still want fun beverages. So that's why I would recommend it to everyone. >> I feel that movie I I can totally move to B. The reason I didn't rate it as high or [music] gosh close to an S is just because uh Coke is such a nation like coming worldwide brand that uh it feels um [music] less personal than you know going to uh whatever I don't any other soda store. I think if it were any other brand than Coke, [music] I'd be there. Like, it's just so worldwide now that I'm like, "Well, all right. It's a Coke store." >> And I do understand that people probably don't rate it as high anymore [music] because they no longer have alcohol. So, back when they did, it was probably easier for a whole family to sit down and everybody get their drinks of choice. So, I can see that on you. The reason I've always liked this is for the drinking sodas around the world. Um, [music] that has always been the reason I went here. us when I when me and my brother went to Disney Springs, this was a must do for us and it was to do that. But that's because Club Pool was closed. Um, and now you can do that for free at Club Pool on your Epcot day. [music] Um, which is why truly before Club Pool reopened for me. It actually was never about I'm not a big soda drinker like in general. Um, so it was never about the cocktails for me even. It was always about the international sodas and now I can do that for free again even if I can't do it as much. So it's actually been bumped down just because Pool's back. >> That's fair, too. I think that takes it to a B. Yeah, B feels good to me. >> I'll give it a B. >> Uh, next up is Everglazed Fry. >> Everglazed is kind of tucked away in the back of the west side of Disney Springs. It's over by Sergey Sole down that little alleyway. It's pretty much got coffee and donuts and that's all that they have on the menu. But they do really cool things with coffee and donuts. You could get like a grilled cheese. The bread is don glaze donuts or they have specialty coffees or they'll have specialty donuts with things that might be happening around the park or movies or [music] holidays, what have you. They do have a few entre as well. Not that that should impact anyone's vote, but just for posterity there. There's a few entre like they have chicken tenders, they have some sandwiches, but it's not a lot. But just saying that for the one person who goes, I got chicken there once. you. >> Three, two, one. >> Oh, dope. Where's here? >> Okay, >> let's share. >> I I'm not passionate. Um, I will just say I I think all the stuff here is really good and I deeply and emotionally love the ube donut at a level that is dramatic, which is why I went A instead of B, which is not reasonable. So that's why I'm not passionate and anybody else can be passionate. >> In all honesty, I don't usually go over here for my coffee because it is not close to where I get dropped off. >> It's a little out of the way. Um uh I actually again thought I was being I I thought I was going to end up being like generous like I'm on I was on the higher side and obviously I was wrong. Um, and I think really it's because uh at the end of the day, yes, even though they do have some entre, uh, really it's it's a pastry shop. Unless I'm going there for something very fun and specific like you mentioned, the ube donut >> are some of their seasonals. Yeah. >> Some of their seasonal things, I won't you I won't typically be there cuz I can grab a bagel from home. >> I love it so much. But I also think it's important to know that I have the biggest sweet tooth in the world. [music] And if you're not donuts are so sweet, >> it's going to be a a real [music] turnoff. So, I think it's probably most objectively deserves a beat, but I think that there are some really delicious options there, especially if you are someone with a sweet tooth or you want one dessert that everyone could take a single bite of. Next up, we have Christina. This is a Mexican restaurant. Um, a little bit more upscale. Uh, well, it's technically casual, but it's like nicer casual. Um, it is by a James Beard chef, Chef Rick Bis. Um, and [music] it's gonna be authentic Mexican cuisine. Everybody ready? >> I think so. >> Three, two, one, >> I think. >> Okay, >> we're guessing. >> Yeah. >> Um, this is a fine spot. The food is good, but I wouldn't say standout. Um, and it is a full go in there and sit down meal that takes a good amount of time. And I feel like probably we all are feeling that you want that to be standout if you're going to do that. Um that said, it would be a total no recommend. It's kind of like Wolf Gang Puck. Like it's like it's good. It's there. If you want it, go get it. We won't tell you not to. But there's a there's better options. Okay. Next up, Sage Girardelli. >> Girardelli uh is your location for all things chocolate and sundaes. Uh they have some specialty Sundays uh and seasonal Sundays that they do throughout the year. Uh, as well as you can purchase uh different forms of Ghirardelli chocolate, the little squares or little balls. Uh, but if you like Ghirardelli, this is the place to go. Let's vote. Here we go. In three, two, one. All right. Going to go be. >> Great. Yeah. I just don't um I don't feel passionately about uh it because it's just it feels like a milkshake location. While be it great milkshakes and Sundays, I'm not feel super [music] passionate. I'm down to bump up to a bee. >> Emma Gideon's Bake House. Gideon's Bake House [music] is arguably one of the most famous spots in Disney Springs. It is a bake house, but you can also The thing that you're looking for here is the massive cookies that they make. They are feel like larger than life. They have a myriad of options. And then they also have huge cake slices and cold brews and a lot of rotating flavors. Is everyone ready to vote? Three, two, one. >> Okay. Mr. Atmosphere theming. >> Immersive. >> That's why it's a B. That's why it's a B. I just think I just think it it is likely a tad overhyped. Like I think um I think the cookies themselves are like in the coffee and things like that. I think they're fine. Like they're cool. Like wow, that's a crazy that's a crazy looking cookie. huge, but I just think it might be a tad overhyped. I'll bump to A for sure because I love the environment. I think it's a really cool I think narratively they're doing something really cool. The storytelling is awesome, but when it comes to what they're actually selling, I'm like, okay. >> Um, I'm putting it in a just based on who's saying he's bumped to A. But I would I would like to counter Sage almost completely. Um, I think the atmosphere is cool or whatever. I think it's kind of a weird theme and I like anytime a theme is attempted, Amos is fine. I hate waiting in a 20-minute line to get cookies. That said, I do think these cookies are worth the hype and I don't want to and there's other cookies that I get instead cuz I don't want to wait in the line, which are the ones at Summerhouse on the Lake. Those are incredible cookies. I think they are equally good to Gideonss. However, the Gideon's cookie is a is a specific kind of cookie. So are the summer house ones. They're both incredible. You still have to wait long life to the summer house ones, but when I have a reason to get a Gideon's cookie, it does hit the level that I want it to. Um, and the cakes are also incredible. I am not a sweets person. I'm not a cookie person, baked goods person. I'm an ice cream person when it comes [music] to sweets. And, um, my fiance used to work at Gideon's and I have tried a lot of the flavors because they were pretty enough to go to the shop and eat way too many Gideon's cookies. Um, and I still spend my own money on them and like them and love them and I see why people seek them out. Um, that said, I do hear a lot of people echo Sage of sentiment that they are overhyped. So, I think that they're probably just not for everybody. They are definitely on the doughier side. Um, they taste a little bit like you're eating cookie dough. >> It's all they're also extremely rich. That's really what it is. It's really rich. >> So, my favorite Gideons cookie is a the cookies and cream. I like to buy them. I like to take them home and cut them into quarters and then [music] freeze them and I eat one frozen quarter every time I want. >> Pretty much the only thing that people ask me to bring them from Disney World, not merch, not ears, none of that. They want Gideon's Cookie. So like if my friends and family know that I'm going to Disney World, most times they'll ask for Gideon's Cookie as their like two videos. >> Next up, we have um Paddlefish. >> So Paddlefish, you probably walked by it and thought, "Wow, that's a really cool restaurant." because it is a boat on the water. Um, it is a nice [music] table service restaurant. It is in the fine slash signature dining section of Disney World dining. So, it's going to be more expensive. It's more upscale. There are multiple dining rooms and levels on this boat. You can sit at the bar. You can have a full sit down table service meal. It is seafood mainly. One, two, three. Ah, and he start us off here. >> I think this is one of the coolest atmosphere there is for a Disney Springs restaurant. Um, I do think despite my disappointing experiences at Boat House, if I'm going to get upscale seafood, I would prefer to do it at Boat House cuz this has all of my same concerns of Boat House of it being overpriced for the experience you're getting. But I think Boat House's seafood is a lot better. So that is why it's all the way down at sea for me because it's it's kind of like a I I really just wouldn't recommend this because I would recommend you go to boat house instead if that's the kind of thing that you want because they're so similar. But that's the only thing I have. I am perfectly willing to concede to y'all's uh position. I think it could earn a B. I think that there are some dishes that are really unique and tasty. And I I honestly think they have great seafood that is comparable to Boat House, but I also don't feel passion. >> If I pick one, I'm going to go to the boat house. >> I think Bee is a good place for somewhere that we're all like, "It's fine, but we don't feel passionate about." All right. Next up, we have Pepe by Jose Andreas. This is a quick service stand that is in the same building as Ho, which is the big restaurant by Jose Andreas. Um, it is going to be on the more inexpensive side. They've got a lot of like grab and go things like sandwiches and ice cream. They have coettes which are sort [music] of a famous um HO thing as well. And um yeah, let's vote. >> We all would be we all be here. >> Great. >> Um >> I think Pepe is a great lunch spot. It's not a huge standout. Um but the food is good. It's just, you know, smaller menu and and it's if you're near it, it's a good spot, but it's not something that you need to prioritize. Um, we are coming into our home stretch, which means we are activating the all year's tear raking speed round. >> Pizza ponte. Uh, you ever seen a pizza before? Uh, no. It's It's basically um a an Italian joint that just serves like big slices of pizza. Um, that's the baby. Okay. Three, two, one. Do you guys know that this is like a cult favorite? >> No. People are obsessed with pizza ponte. There's like articles about it on all on our friends Disney food blog because apparently the but not apparently I've had it. The pizza is really good. It's It's like it's a cult favorite. I do think we should go be though because I don't think it being a cult favorite is enough to pull it up to like a full recommendation. >> The pizza that I had there was good but I was I was just just like a big slice of pizza. >> Be it is. Be it is. And I will go back. Then we have to go to Pet apparently immediately. Emma the basket. [music] You can find though a lot of those classic bites and tips from um Wine Bar George at the basket. But outdoor seating that matters to me and maybe matters to other people. So let's just you guys just want to vote. 3 2 1 >> It is. It has their frozen cocktails are also really good. Yeah. I've also really loved it when Winear George has been too full or had a really long wait [music] and I could go get essentially what I wanted at the basket with a much quicker experience [music] and I've really loved it. So, okay, the Ganacherie is a chocolate shop. It they do a lot of like [music] caramel squares or chocolate squares um very elevated fancy stuff. It's a little store u over in the landing section and very fancy chocolate. Sometimes in the winter time they'll have hot chocolate and like the the Olaf marshmallow bomb and their deluxe gorbet s'mores which I loved. >> Three, two, one, >> two, one. >> All right, I overruled. I debated a C as well, Quincy. [music] >> I'm not I'm just not a big chocolate person, so and it it just feels like compared to other treats, but I think that I think that that's also what we said for Dolewick, which is in uh B. So, I think that's a good option. Also, you're right about the seasonal treats. That did make me waver. Um, okay. Next up, we have Ho. This is Joseé Adres's full table service restaurant. A little more upscale, but not super fine dining because it is a focus on Spanish style tapest and paella. [music] People love this spot when they go, but it isn't like sold out all the time kind of vibe. Everybody ready? Three, two, one. [music] I was on the fence. I almost put S. I let my emotions be controlled by my s. I'm [laughter] not there. [clears throat] >> This is an incredible restaurant. Um Emma and I had an unbelievably good meal here. The food is there are no notes on the food. I do think that it is a little less like crowd-pleasing than some of our superior options. I wouldn't quite recommend it to quite anybody, but if you are even slightly interested in Spanish food or paella, you should go to you should go. Also, great happy hour. >> Great happy hour. >> Incredible sangria. Really an awesome and beautiful atmosphere. Sage. Beautiful. >> Well, then I'm sold. >> Sage. Bian Enzos. >> Marian Enzos is an Italian restaurant uh that is that takes place in the in an airport essentially. Uh you're there are terminals and you're essentially in the in the waiting area of of the terminal. I guess the waiting area of the airport where you're being served Italian food. Three, two, one. >> Oh gosh. >> Okay. I was also torn. Um >> the I in my opinion, the food is just okay. Uh it's it's like >> middle of the road uh Italian food. It's not quite authentic. It's definitely more >> [music] >> uh you know, generic American eyes. Uh I don't want to this is not a ding on Olive Garden, but it's like it like the food [music] is reminiscent of like it's your standard Olive Garden. Uh the biggest thing for me though is um is the airport. It vibe is so [music] it looks awesome but it's so strange. It's like why am I eating Italian food in the middle of this airport? >> It's cool. >> I'm sure there's lore behind it. >> Travel. That's what I do when I travel. I'm sure there's lore behind it, but it's just not easily attainable lore, and it's a little strange for me. So, that's why it's >> conceding a C. I would put this equal to some of our C's like FA Cosina and SDK. Um, all right. Emma, Emirates Petissery. Emirates is a bakery that you can find near the world of Disney. Um, but it has more than it's petissery, [music] but it has more than just the pastries and baked goods. You can also get sandwiches here, as well as some frozen cocktails. One, two, three. [laughter] Oh, tell tell that to your lightning round. >> That's right. We've loved it. It has fun cakes and pastries [music] and you should go. >> Fried Planet Hollywood. M Planet Hollywood is a restaurant that you might have seen in your hometown or in a different city when you've gone on vacation. It's typical American dining. But the fun of this restaurant is all of the displays that are in the restaurant. They will play music videos or movies, things like that. Um, so movie bus, this might be your go-to, but it's it's general American food. One, two, [music] three. >> Okay. I thought this might occur. Um, I'm willing to I was on the fence. I'm willing to bump up to a C because of the atmosphere. [music] >> I don't care. I really don't care. >> Atmosphere. Sphere. The only reason it's not a D is because uh um I would always rather go here before going to uh Rainforest Cafe. I think some of the food options, while they might be pricey, are like a little just kind of more fun. It's all very heavy. It's all very Americanized heavy, but like the atmosphere [music] is really fun, too. So, um I think it deserves better than a Rainforest Cafe. >> All right, next up we have Starbucks. Enough said. Ready? Three, two, one. >> I could go lower. [laughter] >> Um, >> equipment of the room. >> These are really good Starbuckses. They're great Starbucks locations. [music] I just, you know, if you want Starbucks, go to them. I just think that, um, there is a lot of specialy coffee in Disney Springs that maybe you should go to well before this. Which is why [music] I would call this a bad option and put it down in D just because there's Joffre, there's Everglades, there's Gideonss. If you want full coffees, there's full coffees. But I do I do go to the Starbucks. Like it's like >> to be fair, I go to the Starbucks over Joffrey's any day. >> You're sick and twisted. >> So, [laughter] Sage, Paradiso 37. >> Paradiso 37 is a is a restaurant with uh Latin Caribbean twist, which with over um 30 different kinds of tequila. And a lot of times they have like a Latin uh musician playing out there. had this, you know, fun outdoor indoor. >> Lot of party vibes. >> Lot of party vibes. I was going to say it reminds me a little bit of like a Miami vibe. >> Also a happy hour. >> Also a great also happy hour. Uh, ready to vote in three, two, one. >> Yeah, >> I only need a C for happy hour. >> Happy hour here. >> I don't think that I have ever had nor has our team ever had a good experience here. >> No, [music] it's considered, I think, widely the worst restaurant in Disney Springs. Um, sorry parodies. So, sorry. >> I'm down to do D. >> Um, this and Planet Hollywood are actually kind of debated and this one doesn't have really amazing theming. So, I don't know. Maybe we should pit these two against each other in a video with two reviews. [music] That would be pretty cool. >> Love that. >> Um, and that Docside margaritas. Docside margaritas. Walk up stand. Lots of margaritas. And it's on the dock side. >> Well done. And let's vote. >> One, [music] two, three. I almost put B. So, I'm going to go ahead and and up that. >> Okay. There you go. Put that S. >> The The reason I say S is because it's also a full bar. It's also got live entertainment and it is technically considered a merchandise location, which means if you get any discounts on merchandise, cast members, DVC, uh, whatever, what any whatever, if you get discounts on merchandise, you actually get a discount on margaritas at Doside. I was just told this at the margarita at Doc Site. >> Yeah. And there's not a lot of places on Disney World property where you can get uh discounts on margaritas. So, I think that deserves pretty high up there. >> The thing that I kind of thought about swaying to A was the live the live music. This is just such a great spot to hang and is a really easy grab and go bar that is a full bar that also has good cocktails, but I still think B is a safe place for it. It's like outdoor [music] seating and a limited special the special offerings are limited even though it's a full bar. Try uh Jock Lindsy's Hanger Bar. Jock Lindsay's Hanger Bar is a very fun um restaurant and bar. It is lowkey themed to Indiana Jones. It's also connected to the SCA if you are interested in all of that lore that has to do with different Disney parks and their attractions. It's very fun atmosphere inside. The bartenders are great. They'll have holiday menus, both Halloween and Christmas. They did last year, which was very, very fun. It's a fun place to go if you're wanting a fun cocktail. One, two, three. You go [music] ask. I was just going to add that they also do um they their food is pretty well known as being pretty good. They're like small plates and that they have a lot of great mocktails as well. like a pretty extensive mocktail selection. Um, next up we have Yasaki Kiosk. This is an um sort of like Asian food kiosk. Uh, really like a smaller menu. Um, they did have a we had a frozen beer there one time. >> It's pretty wild. It's like a kiosk with a few um like different infusion kind of offerings. Okay. Uh, three, two, one. >> What is Quincy's? >> I'm Hers is a C. I'm actually I could I could swing down to D. I've never been that happy with anything here laying down. >> Yeah. And that's the thing is like even when we did get the kurag, it was like it like and I and I do like those kind of food. It was just it was not great. [music] So >> yeah. All right. Last but certainly not least. Um if you'll talk about summer house on the lake. [gasps] >> Summer house on the lake. What an honor. Summer House on >> Summer House on the Lake is uh well, we'll do our best to be objective, but it is uh a super vibe, super Instagrammable, super fun. Uh I would say it's it's an all day spot, but it reminds me so much of like a beach brunch spot. Um with the the teal and the white crisp uhness of it all. It's got some really great um sharable plates like uh the jalapeno cornbread as well as >> their house guacamole. >> Yes. Uh as as well as some really great craft cocktails. And if you don't want to just do summer house in the lake, there's also a cookie bar attached to it where you can grab a cookie and things like that. Uh but Summerhouse in the Lake I I know what the answer is, but should we vote? >> Three, two, one. >> Surprising. All you can eat is truffle fries. >> Yeah, it is rare that a new restaurant hits the scene. >> It's rare that a new restaurant hits the scene and is this popular. Like everybody loves it at like everybody who goes loves it. I go all the time. We talk about as an option for like going out just regularly. This is an incredible spot that I would recommend to anyone. Everyone will be happy here. Your food will be delicious. Um prices are you know Disney >> what? Martini Hour. >> Martini Hour. have a happy hour. The prices are expensive on this menu. Um I am always shocked by how small my pen vodka pasta is. Um but it is worth it. I get it every time. Um because [music] the food is so good and it isn't overpriced for the experience the way some of the other things we've talked about. So an S. All right, this is our final ranking. >> And also like out of the four of us, who won? Like how like who won? >> Let me tell you the points. >> It was me. So crazy. >> That's crazy. >> There is no winner here except for the six restaurants we put in Superior. Congratulations to those restaurants. >> Congratulations, you guys. You earned it. >> Yeah. So, that is our Disney Springs ranking. Hopefully, this has been helpful with what you might want to get in Disney Springs um [music] and what is actually sort of worth your time and worth your consideration. If you are still here, if you had fun, please like this video and drop this secret code in the comments so we know you made it all the way. Plus, don't forget to subscribe. We upload rankings, [music] text, games, and more from Disney World and beyond all week. Why? Because we're serious about fun. >> Serious about fun. >> Yeah. That was so serious.
