---
video_id: z0JimC9zwTo
channel: AllEars.net
title: "TOWER OF TERROR STINKS ‼️🏨👀"
published: 2026-01-14
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0JimC9zwTo
---
Tower of Terror stinks in the best possible way. I just rode Tower of Terror and had this crazy experience where I ended up in the scene where you see the two children in that sort of in between zone between the window and the screen and they're glowing blue. And normally that's kind of the experience. You just see them and it's like spooky. Well, today there was an intense blast of air and I smelled something gross and I thought, "Wow, is this just the way this ride smells after all these years?" So, I asked a cast member at the end, is there a new smell on this ride? And they told me it's not new, but it's newly refreshed. And the smell is hydraulic fluid and burning rubber and it's in that scene. And they told me it's called scene 4. I said, "That's incredible. I didn't know there were iconic scents on Tower of Terror." And they said, "Yes." And there's one other place in Disney World you can smell this exact smell. Can you guess? Okay, here's where it is. The vehicle maintenance room in restaurantosaurus. And I smell it. It's so sad to only be finding out about this amazing detail now right before Restaurantosaurus closes. But at least we found out about it at all. And you can still experience this smell in Tower of Terror if you get scene 4. Isn't that wild? of hydraulic fluid and burning rubber smell in a quick service restaurant. Wow, I'm impressed. Disney, what are your favorite Disney World smells? Let us know in the comments. And stay tuned to All Ears for all the tips, tricks, and planning advice you need to have the perfect Disney World vacation. Why? Because we're serious about
