---
video_id: 0VJ1jL3j-m8
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Eating Everything on the Disney Adventure"
published: 2026-03-24
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VJ1jL3j-m8
---
Okay, for my first dining experience, I am here at Grandma Tala's Kitchen, which is in Moana inspired. And I will say, we're probably going to say this a few times throughout the video, you actually have to book a reservation to come in here. They made sure to scan my key to the World Card before I could come in. And then I headed straight to the um buffet where they fixed my plate. There were not a ton of options, but I am so excited to eat this. So, we're going to check out everything I got. Now, the theme of this one is a build your own bowl or platter. Now, you head right in here at the doors and you're going to walk straight in and they're going to take good care of you. You don't even have to serve yourself. There are a ton of different options. Today, while I'm here, they are featuring black pepper beef, hyanese chicken, hulafy chicken, buttermount fried chicken, um brazed tofu, and soy glazed yams. Now, there are also several accompaniments. There's fragrant chicken rice, macaroni and cheese, coconut rice, pickle radish, kimchi, stir-fried broccoli, and then they also have a bar with condiments and signature sauces. Now, I wanted to try out a few things, and I ended up grabbing the I got the fragrant chicken rice, and then I also got the black pepper beef, which I typically love. So, I'm really excited to try this out. I got a few of the sides. I'm trying out the garlic broccoli, the soy glazed yams, and the Sichuan brazed tofu. That's it right here. So, not a massive meal, but also like a great size and I think a little bit of everything. Now, I will say if I wanted more rice, I could have folded more rice. They always ask before they finish filling it. So, you can kind of adjust how big you want this to be. Okay, we're going to test it out. Now, I am going to be honest. Uh there is not a drink station in here. There's one right outside, so you can go and come back, but I'm by myself. And I don't I don't know. I just don't I don't think anybody did anything to it, but I don't want to leave my food. Go get my drink after. So, if that's something you are aware of, maybe go get the stuff beforehand. Now, at all the tables went ahead and had the cutlery um sitting here, so you don't have to grab anything unless you just want to. But there's a variety of cutlery if this is not what you want. Okay, we'll try the rice first. Not overcooked or undercooked and does have a lot of flavor. I'm going to now garlic beef with some sauteed vegetables. This looks so good. The black pepper comes through so strong. It is a really strong peppery flavor. It's cooked well, nice and moist. I do think I'd probably add some sauce to it, but I wanted to try everything as is first before I started dressing it up. The rice is actually really good. Next, candy yam. That's delicious. Let's open it. It's really good. I don't know what I thought that'd be. That's really tasty. Nice and sweet sesame flavor. I don't know that I've ever had candy yams, but it just is like the sweet sesame potato texture. Next, braced tofu. I love the idea of tofu, but I actually like it. I have enjoyed it in the past, though. It's pretty chewy, but the braise adds a really nice like interesting texture and flavor. It's slightly sweet. I wish it was crispier, but it's actually really nice flavor-wise, and the edges are crispy, so I won't slave about that. Oh, okay. And finally, garlic waffle solid veg. Yeah, I definitely think dress it up with some sauce. They had a nice variety. I also think I'd like some of the accompaniments, some pickled radish, dark radish. Welcome to Cobnik Kebabs. This is a quick service night that is inspired by Miss Marvel Kamalcon, which is Marvel's first Muslim American superhero. It's a very cool spot that does do pas with actual donor that they're actually carving off of full rotating spits in the quick service. Now, like the other quick services, you may need a reservation to be able to dine here just because if it's really busy, you can reserve a time. They're 15-minute windows and that's your arrival window. You can do these in the Disney Cruise Line app and that way it'll just tell you if one is full. Uh there's tons of availability at least on the first day. We'll keep an eye on it and see how it goes, but getting that reservation just guarantees you can get in. They might have walk up availability, too. Now, I got the lamb donut and I got like all the different toppings. I love pa. It's basically a euro. I'm so excited about this. I got yellow rice on the side and some falafel. And let's see how it tastes cuz it looks amazing. It's so good. Because the lamb is real donor. It's so perfectly cooked and tender, bursting with flavor. All the toppings are really well done, too. I'm like really super impressed with this. I can't believe this is like an inclusive experience because I mean sitting in here we're in like it feels like an entire restaurant of its own. There's Marvel like graffiti style street art on the walls. There's there's music playing. It all just feels like really cool. And then also the food is delicious. Tons of savory flavor. This is loaded up with veggies in the bottom. I got to choose between whole wheat or white pita bread when I got to doing chicken or lamb donner. And then you get to choose as many toppings as you want, as many sides. They have like veggie skewers. It's funny. They do have kebabs. I didn't get them, but they do have kebabs. It is called Cosmic Kebab, so you would think so. This is so good. How am I going to try all the other spaces if I just want to come back here? Spot's definitely a magic. Another quick service that we are reviewing is Stitch's Ohana Grill. Now, this one's going to be a lot of fun. Uh there's a lot of familiar favorites with some island twists on here. So, we're going to pop in and see what it looks like. This is another one you might need some reservations for. Luckily, I grabbed one while we were still waiting to get on the ship. Okay, first off, Stitches is crazy. This is significantly smaller than Grandma Tala's. It's about half the size, I would say. And this is a lot more American fair. Burgers, chicken, hot dogs. But there was one thing that really caught my eye and I thought it was really unique. So, I got the Goch Jung burger. You get the choice of side of sweet potato fries or French fries and it is a grilled Angus beef burger, toasted bio bun, grilled porttoella mushrooms, red ginger, kimchi, crispy onions, and gochi jam mayonnaise. This sounds so exciting. I could not resist. They also have a lot of regular things. They have some pulled pork here as well, but I thought this sounded the coolest. So, that's what I wanted to try. I'm going to cut it in half to like really show you the inside. This is crazy. I'm going to need to eat a ton of this to like form an opinion, but I think I love it. I think I would budget it. I don't want to be dramatic, but this might be one of the best burgers I've ever had. This is insane. If it's not the best, it's at least the most interesting. The patty's well cooked, maybe a little bit past medium. I'd say medium well. The ginger, which I normally don't like, ginger, is so good. It has such a bright text, like interesting flavor. It really brightens up the entire burger and makes it something super unique. The mushrooms, I love mushrooms, so I'm biased, but it adds a really interesting nice kind of physical texture. It adds a bright, earthy flavor to the heavy meat. The kimchi adds a great crunch. It's not super spicy. I was kind of holding my breath to see how spicy it would be, but it's just crunchy and refreshing. And the crispy onions add a great crunch in the middle. Although not like a ASMR crunch. Uh more like just an slightly noticeable texture element. I was not going to eat this whole burger cuz we have a lot to do. I just came from Grandma's. Actually, we're doing that back to back. I'm going to eat this whole burger because I don't know if I'm ever going to get anything like this again in my life. And this is amazing. Welcome to Mowgli's Eery. This is another of those quick service spots. So, may require reservation if it's busy. You can easily get in the Disney Cruise Line Navigator. You'll come in, you'll head to the like sort of bar at the front and they'll help you put together a paple with some beautiful Indian food. Lots of vegetarian options which is common with Indian cuisine. And I was really impressed with the variety here when it comes to the meat options, the hot sides, the rice options, the bread options, the cold veg options, the sauce options. Huge amount of variety. And spoiler alert, I've had a bite. It is really good. But let me get more detailed. I had them load me up with pretty much everything they have here. I love Indian food. This is so shockingly good. If you like told me I wasn't on a cruise ship right now, I would 100% believe you. I think the only way food this good Indian food this good is possible is that they had a million people on the team. I think that they have really put a lot of effort into making the cuisine familiar to the different customer base that's going to be coming on here. And what that means was having really incredibly unique options when you're more used to the US cruises. This is delicious Indian food. The kind of quality that like I would expect from that place in your town that is the best Indian food in town. That's the level of quality of this. It's beating cosmic kebabs in quality for me. I also will say something that I got, I'm not sure what because I tried a bunch at the same time, has a very pleasant heat that is legitimately spicy and like coating my mouth. Not so much that I can't like eat more bites. I think it's might be the butter chicken, but incredible flavor. Everything is so aromatic and up my nose. The variety is incredible. The fact that this is included in my cruise fair and that I should want to go other places because there's a lot of great food on the ship was shocking to me. This is top tier when it comes to the little quick service spots for me and I would make this a repeat visit, hands down. It's incredible. I am so shocked by the quality of everything on my plate. Um, in addition to the variety, the authenticity is incredible. Easily some of the best food I've ever had on a Disney cruise outside of like a really fancy upd. And I'm sitting in a quick service that isn't even a regular dinner restaurant. I am I'm blown away. Blown away. One thing to note with all these quick service spots is you cannot make more than one reservation a day for them. But when they're not busy, you can walk in. I've seen people are walking in right now to Mobilies. So, but I know that Ohana is slammed. They're not allowing walkets right now. What if I don't want to leave this restaurant? Plug Bab. >> We may have stumbled upon the fanciest coffee shop I've ever personally been in. And unfortunately, we were not personally prepared. We didn't realize what we were sitting down for. And it's a real treat, but oh my goodness, we came to the Omni Shop. We were just going to get something to go. And she was like, "Hey, do you want to sit?" And I needed to do some work on my phone really quickly. So, I was like, "Yeah, that's fine. We'll sit." Little did we know, the menu was a thousand miles long. I didn't even know what to order. And it wasn't like lattes or like different. It was just coffees. So, I ended up getting a caramel coffee. She got a birthday cake coffee. I'm trying it first. >> Flavored coffee. Well, they're flavored coffees, but there's no syrup. No, they're just coffees that are brewed with flavors. >> Oh my gosh, that was incredible. And it was black. I'm drinking black coffee. >> Oh my gosh. Wow. And if you don't want to drink it black, oh my don't worry, there's ways to sweeten it, which I will be partaking in. They brought me this little nice liquid sweetener. It's simples of course. >> And then they also brought me Shantilli cream. Mhm. To put into my coffee. And then also at the table they have rock sugar. Did you open this? I did open that. It's lit. It's crazy. >> Actual rock sugar. It's actual rock sugar. And they have a vanilla bean grinder. Yeah. Um, there's one. Where's my other Oh, this this is vanilla bean. So, if you want some vanilla bean flavor, you can get it and you can just grind it fresh into your coffee, which is absolutely insane. I was going to try to open it, but I'm getting nervous. I don't want to break anything, so I'm not. Yeah. Why use, you know, milk when you could use Chantelli cream? Also, mine was served in a golden gooseeneck coffee pot. >> This is obviously upcharge, but >> it's not even that expensive. >> No, not for the bus. >> Oh my goodness. It's also funny because we didn't like We knew we were paying for coffee, but we did not realize when we were sitting there. >> Yeah. We were We were going We were going to get, you know, a latte. >> Yeah. Something of a little kick. All we've been up since 3:00 a.m. >> This is the straw they gave me. Why? Wait. >> Oh my gosh. With the sun cream. Hey, I have to open this straw. >> It's a glass straw. Wow. I love it here. Unchanged magic. Is this the ultimate magic? Yeah. If you don't know, we play a game called magic or tragic invented. It's been been a hot minute. Yes. We play it with coffees typically because, you know, sometimes you order a coffee and it's magic and sometimes you order a coffee and it's tragic and sometimes it's just a and sometimes it's just a but then we also play it like now just kind of for anything you want to play it with. Even if you don't if you're not a coffee drinker. >> This is the most magic coffee I've ever had in my entire life. >> Yeah. No question. This is insane. I actually am regretting putting stuff in mine because the flavor was so perfect before I did. I usually drink my coffee black. I just wanted to try all the fancy fixins. This I love the fancy fixing. Oh my gosh. Well, thanks. Thanks for this. Luckily, I have an entire pot. I have an entire golden gooseeneck pie and I'm keeping the Chantelli cream. For our first rotational dining, we are here at Enchanted Summer Restaurant in Maximus dining room. So very fancy, very esteemed, all themed to Maximus from Tangled. I am starting off with the matcha bread and the dip. Roasted red. Roast red pepper. >> Matcha. >> What? Roasted red pepper with matcha. We were on a cruise a week ago. You know, normal things. And the the dips did not match the bread. No. Is it happening again? >> Okay. I can't It's not Sean. >> The dip is so good, but so garlicky. >> That's honestly what I'm putting in the fish out. >> The bread's pretty The bread's getting I'm getting in I'm getting an instant bite of the bread. >> Also, we're sitting right below Maximus. >> I don't love matcha. I'm still not getting a ton of matcha flavor. There's not really any earthiness here. It tastes kind of almost like >> I don't know. I am getting after matcha. It reminds me of um something. It's like an herb sort of situation. Really? I I could only taste the roasted pepper. You taste the matcha by itself and it's aftertaste where the actual matcha comes through. It's reminding me of something very specific. It might be matcha is what it what what I might be thinking of is matcha. For our first round of appetizers that isn't bread that we're going to argue over, I am trying the porchini sacheti. This is porchini mushroom hasta with swiss and fontina cheese, garlic, thyme, and a crocco wine sauce. Now, it looks very familiar if you're a Disney cruise line fan. And that's part of why I do orders. It reminds us of our first sets, which we get passionate about. Better for sets. Hands down. pan so bias over. >> Thank you. The sauce was creamier. It's the perfect amount of filling to pasta. It's also buttery. You really get the herbs. Like this is excellent. I love it. Yeah, they're getting a they're getting a flat thing. >> Yeah, hit your hit your ears. I have the shrimp and pork shumai um which are a Chinese dumpling. It comes with chili sauce and soy sauce for dipping. These are great. You've had um you've had shumai a couple times on this trip. How does this stuck up? I've had Shimai before, but like I >> Shimai when I have had it on this trip so hard, it's been like breakfast buffets. This is significantly better than the restaurant breakfast buffets we had it at. Um, honestly, I would say I like it more than the one I had at Marina Bay Sands. >> Wow. >> I think the reason is this is a little bit fresher. >> Like it's hotter than when we finally got to eat at Marina Bay. >> It's really good. It's pretty darn good. There's actually a significant amount of fish row on it which really shocked me for it to add to a restaurant. Great textural element to me. >> I agree. Such a unique texture that comes from fish and it's such a welcome addition to the schumai. The filling is so like warm and flavorful. The filling is bursting with uh shrimp flavor and the pork flavor and they melt really wonderfully. And then I love that you can season it to your liking with the soy sauce and the chili sauce. So, I'm be able to put like just enough chili sauce on it for to the spice level I like with the like salty savoriness from the soy. This is really good. Also will say, and maybe this is just happening to me lately, I got this tiniest kick of like actual heat in the very tip top and back of my throat thanks to the chili oil. >> Yeah. So, if you actually want more than just a little, you know, it still is Disney spice like it wasn't actual true heat. Yeah. But I was pleasantly surprised by that. Well, I already on this ship have have noticed uh more than Disney Spice. >> Yeah. Which makes sense because the audience they're catering to is not the same at the US. Um but it was a very nice surprise. >> Yeah, it's really cool and it just gives more variety to the food. Um there's still a lot of picky eater and familiar options available as well. So, so also rotational dining works a little bit different on this ship than it does on other ships. So, we are on a three-ight cruise. There are three rotational dining. Typically on a Disney cruise ship, there's three rotational dining. You rotate through the three of them, and sometimes you double up if it's a longer cruise. On this ship, there are six rotational dining restaurants. On a three-ight cruise, you see three of them, but the the restaurants have sister restaurants. So, the sister restaurant to Enchanted Summer is Pixar Market, which is the same menu that we are eating right now is what they're eating over at Pixar Market tonight, but it's a Pixar themed restaurant. So, we'll keep you keep you a breast of what the what the sister restaurants are. Um, but you kind of get assigned them at random. If there is something where you're like, "Oh my gosh, my kid will die if we don't get the tangle restaurant." Go talk to your services. They may be able to make an adjustment. Do that right when you get on the ship. Um, no guarantees, but they will always try to accommodate or cast something. It's worth the try. Worth the try. For my dinner, I grabbed the Shiroaru. If I'm mispronouncing it, please forgive me. I am genuinely trying my best with that. It's essentially ramen. It's tonu pork broth with egg noodles, pork belly, um oyster mushrooms, spring onions, and just the most delicious looking noodles. Look, it's kind of like a heart cuz I heart you guys in a Yeah, it's kind of a heart in a way. We'll start with a noodle. There's also delicious. Wait, no, I already said that part, didn't we? This is actually delicious. I'm really excited for you to try this. Really? Yeah. I'm I'm eager to see your opinion. The broth I want here. Here's a little broth. Oh, yeah. Oh, please feel free. I was going to give it to you in my spoon. Um, the broth is actually so flavorful. It feels very uh Wow. Yeah. I'm like surprised by how flavorful it is. Interesting. Are there crispy onions in that? There are some crispy onions in here. Tasting a lot of crispy onion in that broth. >> Crispy onion. Uh, I think it's a really savory. Nice savory broth. The pork. Do you like corbell? I do. Okay. I love port belly. I want you to try this as well. Here, let me just ski it to you. I'm neighbor. >> That is like fatty. Good pork belly. These are solid thick egg noodles. Now, I will say it's not the best ramen I've ever had. If you are someone who is from Singapore or anywhere that ramen is a common dish, you might not be blown away by this, but real good ramen we're not getting all the time. So, I think this is genuinely pretty darn good. Um, I'm really impressed with this all things considered, especially for cruise food because I enjoy cruise food, but it's not the same >> as like an as a regular food. The egg was underwhelming, but like if that's my only issue, I think I'm fine. >> And I got the prime rib. We decided that we were going to do one section of items with more uh new sh Disney Cruise Line, more catered towards those eastern pallets and one set of items that is more familiar to what you might find from Disney Cruise Line to see, you know, if you could be pleased on both sides of that spectrum. I got the prime rib. This is a classic Disney Cruise Line dish. I had this exact same thing on the Disney Fantasy about 2 weeks ago. This is a thicker prime rib than usual. It is a beautiful prime rib. Perfectly cooked to medium rare how I ordered it. It is gorgeous. Has a nice fat marble through it. Tons of flavor. Um, and I'm really impressed with the thickness of it because it really is like half an inch thick. There is a horseradish sauce. It is a sauce instead of just straight horseradish, which makes it a little less intense. I think it's going to be more of a crowd-pleaser than when you have just plain horseradish. I like really intense horseradish, so I'm a little I'm missing that. I I like it when it shoots through my sinuses at lightning speed. Um and then I have to make a crazy face and Anna thinks I'm like something's wrong. She loves it. I love it. A little pain. Um the potato is a it's a twice baked potato. It's a bit on the dry side. I wish they had maybe a little more cream or cheese incorporated into it, but it soaks up the juices of the meat really nicely. Um and it's kind of hard to go wrong with a twice baked potato. Plus, you've got roasted veggies that are really well roasted. Um, perfectly done. It's broccolini, which I love. Um, so just this is a very classic, hearty meal. It's very familiar for American pallets. And if you're wanting something that is kind of down to the basics, it's got you covered. I got the white chocolate bread pudding. I'm very excited about it. M. >> I was a bit nervous that this was going to be overly sweet because of the white chocolate. It is not. It's pretty good. Warm bread pudding with vanilla ice cream. Hard to go wrong. I love the almond brittle on top. It's not perfect, though. The bread itself on the edges where I can tell there's like kind of a crust is a little stiff, a little harder to chew through. Um, and then also it's on the eggier side of bread pudding. So, it's got almost a custardy taste. Not necessarily a bad thing. I think it's a little bit specific of a taste. Um, as compared to like when bread pudding is really just like warm vessel for like all the other flavors. It's definitely got the eggginess. At the same time though, that eggginess is reminding me of like the custard and creme brulee, which is obviously really delicious. So, cannot complain too much. Emma did run to the restroom and asked me to review hers as well. So, I am going to cuz what are friends for not eating a piece of your dessert while you're gone? I was asked. This is quite good. It is a pretty classic Disney dessert where it's kind of like a little bit too thick pastry shell filled with some kind of bird or mousse. In this case, lemon curd. >> Yeah. >> Uh it's good. Lemon curd is pretty classic. Kind of tastes like any lemon curd you could get in like a grocery store treat. The ganache is really light and fluffy. And it and the toppings are what's really setting this apart. The ganache has phasil in it which is really taking this to a different level. It's more like upscale exciting. And the fruit on top has a little bit more variety uh than you'd expect. So like grapes and I'm not even sure what this is. I think those are little jellies. Not too sweet. Nice and on the free side. I wish the pastry shell were a bit thinner. Dessert, I think, is the weakest part of this meal, but not bad by any means. Still really delicious. Great flavor. It's just I have some complaints with dessert, whereas the rest of the meal I had like no complaints. So, overall, pretty fun here in Max's dining room. Okay. >> Good morning. Good morning. Day two. We're having breakfast. We are having breakfast. We are here at Pixar Market Restaurant. Uh this is one of the rotational dining offerings. Yes, it is the sister restaurant to Enchanted Summer. It is. So, we are actually here for breakfast and they operate as buffets for breakfast and lunch and lunch as well, >> but check your times. They could uh vary. The restaurant is super cute. It is all themed to Pixar. There are >> Every room is different themes and not just like >> six rooms, I think. >> Yeah, five five or six rooms. It's six plus for sure. >> Um I'm pretty sure it's six. >> They're so intentionally themes. The carpets are different. The seating is different. The >> lights are different. >> It's very cute. We are in the Pixar section. Um but >> they're all Pixar sections. Pixar. We're in the Incredible section. I know that. I want you to know I know. >> There's concept art and like little like, you know, faux props from the movie. It is. I mean, seriously, a such a cute restaurant. Uh we love it. >> Yeah. Now, it is a buffet, >> and when we have buffet options, we make weird choices. >> Yeah. >> Combination wise, >> we can't be blamed for that. >> The food's not weird. It's just our combos. >> Yeah. >> So, I have kaya kaya toast. >> Kaya toast, a Mickey waffle, a raspberry Danish, blue coconut rice, and honestly, I didn't really want the coconut rice, but the cast member was like, "You guys have to try this coconut rice." And we like, >> he was like, "It's blue." And he was like, "It's blue. You have to try it." And then on our way back, he goes, "Okay, girls, come back. You know, let me know if you like it." And I was like, "Oh, we will." He goes, "No, really. If you don't come back, it's cuz I know you didn't like it." You're like, "Oh, all right. Okay." And I go back. And then I also got sauteed mushrooms, kanji, uh, miso soup, and bacon. And I got a lot of the same things as Emma, but additionally, I got I like cinnamon pin wheel pastry, a custard steamed bun. this guy. Um, some scrambled eggs, grilled asparagus. I think that's it. Nice. Okay, first bite. Congi's delish. They have so many ways to dress it up. >> Yeah. My favorite way was there's I just put a ton of roasted garlic in it. Um, which is so good. Really nice. Super flavorful. I think you can make it what you want, plain or not. I love I think we need in the US when we're available. Blue rice actually. Very good. >> You want to know where I've had blue rice before? Where? >> Minion Cafe. Oh my gosh. It's coconut rice there as well. This is It's pretty good actually. >> It's better than many cafes. It is. Oh, it's good. >> A lot of times rice I find to be like overcooked at these situations where it just kind of bakes into lights. Not here. Very nice. >> Yeah. >> Very tasty. Okay. Mushrooms been earthy. Delish. I love the variety. This is true of Asian buffets is that typically in more touristy spots they cater to both western and eastern pallets. So you can get a really fun mixle. Next coffee on our list out of thousands. Who knows what time it is? I don't. You don't. We're here at Paulo Cafe. It is across from Mike and Sullies and it's near the wayfinder. Um, this little seating area is right outside of Palo the restaurant, which we are actually not doing on this cruise, but we are doing a little PaloAla Cafe, which is just your traditional coffees, you know, hot or iced. They don't have flavors, and they do have a few pastries. Um, and we need one. So, we're going to a new coffee shop to to try it. >> Yeah, >> we just both got ice lattes, so I'm not entirely sure um how much that's going to do for us interest wise. kind of interesting that they so this is one of the upcharge food options as well. They have pizzas which you might see shortly after this clip because we have come back here to try these pizzas if we have time. >> Latte latte latte latte alert. >> Love you a latte. >> Yeah, that's a latte with no flavor. It's no botcha. >> It's no botcha. >> Very good though. They they get the job done. Um I will say how much was this one? >> It's half botcha. It's half the price of botcha. So, put that into your mental bank if that's something that matters to you. Um, because it might if you don't necessarily want to pay extra for coffee, then this is going to be the one you want to grab. We're here at Infinity Bar, ladies and gentlemen. We're going to try two of the cocktails. Now, this is actually similar to something we've seen in Disneyland Paris where they have a different cocktail for each of the different Infinity Stones. So, we ended up going with the Power Stone and the Soul Stone. The soul stone is this one right here on the right. And it has appperol, prickly pear, and procco. And then the power is a rum, ube, coconut, pineapple, and condensed milk. But I will say Quincy cannot have rum, so we got vodka instead. But they look very nice. >> We also got this hot dog. >> Quincy, we Quincy also got this hot dog. >> I'm dedicated to coverage. >> She is. And it does sound interesting ingredients. >> I picked the most interesting ingredients without any thought about how they would look or taste. Kimchi, hoisonen, and shallot jam. >> Charlotte jam. Oh my gosh. Yeah. And I happen to cuz I was worried the Charlotte jam and the kimchi wouldn't go together. >> And they don't look like they will. >> No, but they have beef and chicken on tops. These are uh included in your cruise fair. >> They are. You just come get >> here at Infinity Bar. Oh, you guys, I don't know when this is going in the video, so but you may not have seen her. Is Gwen Stacy? >> Well, I don't know. I don't know. While she finishes that and gets her mind and gets ready, I'm going to try soul. Basically just sounds like an apperal spritz, but the prickly pear I think was very interesting. So it's guarded by the red skull on planet Borman. Thanos must sacrifice a love and soul in exchange for the stone. >> Vorier, thank you. Um, I've seen the movie so I don't know where that went came from, but I love that that they explain which soul like which stone is which and what is its storyline. I think that's very funny that it's in the menu. >> She's joking. >> I'm joking. When I ordered this, I did think it would just be like an Apperol spritz, which I am not the biggest fan of Appperol spritzes, but I think I like this. I think this is the most tolerable version of an appperol spritz to me. Now, appperol is typically pretty bitter. Um, it's refreshing some people. I don't really like it. I just think it kind of weighs me down. I don't like the bitterness of it. The prosecco is nice and light and bubbly, but the prickly pear is very subtle and adds a nice sweetness that cuts through the bitter. It's still there, but it's not as like punch you in the mouth. So, I can actually sip this and enjoy it. So, that's a big win. The hot dog is pretty good. Um, it's a all beef hot dog. The outside chicken hot dogs. What? Nothing. Penguin, keep going. Gen, please. Um, I love her face paint. So, it's really juicy and delicious. And yes, no, the hot dog. And I love the toppings that you can get. They have more unique toppings like kimchi. The sauce that I have is hoyen ketchup. They also have like wasabi mayo. So, lots of like fun sauces for the hot dogs. I love that this is just like a little spot that you can just grab a hot dog if you want. There's fewer like pool stand restaurants on this ship. It's structured a little different than usual Disney ships cuz you have those quick services. So having stuff like this where there's this little like kind of oneoff item >> easy to grab. >> Really cool. So >> um I also like it because this is kind of the adult area. No way. Is it? >> It's not officially, but it's kind of being treated geared towards adults on this cruise at least. Um so it's nice that you don't necessarily have to go too far after you're at the bar and you're relaxed. >> Did you say what this is already? >> I did not. >> Well, that's not true. I did say it. I was going to say I thought I heard it. Yeah, I said it. >> This is delicious. It's really good. >> If there's a rum in it, it would be like a classic tiki drink. >> Yeah. >> Very like >> love it with the vodka, though. >> I love it with the vodka. Um I can't drink rum. Um I I can have a sip of rum. You guys have seen me drink rum. You're thinking she's lying. You I >> can have a sip of rum and I can technically have white rum, but most of the time rum drinks make me sick. Um this is so delicious. I love it today. And ube is a really primary flavor here. >> They also have done just enough pineapple to give it like a pool vibe without being overpowering to the coconut and the ube at all. >> It's still super sippable. >> Mhm. >> Whereas sometimes I love pineapple, but after a while you're kind of like, "Okay, I'm over it." >> The condensed milk is also balancing out the acidity completely. So there's no acidity. >> I would say don't let it sit for too long. Like enjoy your drink, but don't don't sip on it. >> Yeah. Cuz it milk and it's hot. So, but it is delicious. Very refreshing. Um, and I think more unique than your average pool drink. So, I'm a big fan of this. >> Cheers. Cheers. >> These stones. Sorry to Bamora. Black Widow. >> Recipes. Recipes. >> This one's for you ladies. >> Vanos. Oh, now we're at the Garden Bar, which is a beautiful bar. >> Yes. Um, kind of Arnubo Garden style. Uh, in the middle of Disney Imagination Garden. Um, we got two of their prettiest drinks. I got the garden sparkle here. We chose Grey Goose, Lemonade, Shamboard, and Procco. I got the tea time tea. >> Mine is inspired by Tinkerbell. >> So, of course, we had to try it out. Mine is inspired by the three princesses who are in the castle on the ship. Milana, Frozen, not princesses, Anna and Elsa, and Rapunzel. Mhm. Mine has Bombay sapphire, elderflower, liquor, lime, green tea, and pandan, which is a local Singapore. >> Yep. >> Cheers. >> This is really, really good. The I think elderflower is really that the floral is going to say that girl >> is that girl. Um, it's the floral I think that's making it so interesting mixed with the earthiness of the green tea. >> I think it's I I don't know that I naturally would have ordered this, but it was recommended and I see why. I think it's just interesting. >> I also just said candy and dessert. It is not that sweet. >> No, it's very balanced. It's got sweet flavors but not sweetness. Not sugary syrupy sweet. >> Yeah. >> And mine he recommended because he was like, "It's so hot. It'll be so refreshing and really cool you down." And he was so right. >> Yeah. >> These Oh, really good. >> Yeah. And this is so balanced. It's not overly sweet or like overly like it's just or overly bitter like sometimes cardboard can get there. These are really tasty. >> These are really nice and honestly I did not have high expectations for this. It's just a you know kind of walk up bar in the middle. Both of these are so unique and interesting and even visually when he first handed them to us I was like great a a cocktail but I didn't really think anything of it. I really enjoy both of these. >> I'm very very impressed with this. >> Me too. >> This is a killer cocktail. A fart and bar. Excellent. And >> Barnabar. >> Oh, and there's a great breeze. >> Yeah. >> There's something about two women in natural glam with their ears on. >> Exactly what I was thinking. >> Right. With a cocktail. >> Yeah. No makeup. Makeup. >> No makeup. No makeup. >> We are at Hollywood Spotlight Club uh for a second night of rotational dining. This is the sister restaurant of the Navigator Club restaurant and they are similar experiences in that they are both mostly character meals. There is live music happening from a live basist, pianist and jazz singer. And Mickey, Minnie, Donald, and Daisy came out. Thank you. And danced uh which was so cute. And now they're going around the room to say hi to all the tables. They are moving a lot faster than like a table uh character meal in the parks would. But they are stopping by at every table to say hi, high fives, grab a very quick picture, and move on. Um they're just not spending a ton of time. Still, that's really cool for there to be a character meal at all at on a ship. The experience at Navigator's Club is the same. So, you do get this experience and remember the same menu no matter which of the restaurants you get assigned. It's just a little bit different atmosphere. This one being a little more older Hollywood vibe. Let's eat. I guess Minnie looks fantastic. I need to eat mushrooms. I'm Spider-Man in case you forgot. Did you remember that I'm Spider-Man? >> I did not. I also had a different dinner. Haven't talked about it yet. And now I'm at this dinner with Spider-Man and Minnie Mouse. Dream someone would make up in like middle school. Okay, these are the sauteed mitakei mushrooms. They look very good. I'm really sorry that you're full. These are so good. Huge pile of mushrooms in like a really nice gravy. Tons of umami flavor here on a bed of spinach that is perfectly bolty and soaks up all of the flavor. Obviously, this is like a kid's nightmare, an appetizer of mushrooms and spinach. But for me, an adult, it is incredible. All right, I've got the bread service here. We're gonna see how it is. The dip is heavy on the mayonnaise. And I'm gonna be honest, I'm not really sure what else is in it. I've asked twice and it's loud in here. And I can't hear what my server is saying, and I'm scared to ask again cuz I acted like I knew what he said the last time I asked. So, I'm going to try to identify by taste. Or maybe Emma could ask. She's shaking her head. >> Know that I see you. >> Hi, Daisy. Oh yes. Oh my god. The drama. The drama. I'm eating my filet minan. It's my entree course. It is like a peppered flamean with a peppercorn sauce. I love peppercorn sauce. I was very excited about this. Also, who doesn't love filetmenan if you eat steak? Um, this is hands down the best steak I have ever had at a Disney Cruise Line rotational restaurant. It is up there in quality with steaks I have had at the Upcharge restaurants on Disney Cruise Line. I'm going to lift a lot of steak. Just look at the color on this. Nice and rich. >> I'm not going to like it. It is beautifully cooked exactly to my temperature. And this is a high quality cut of steak. Shockingly high quality. It is so perfectly tender. It cuts like butter. I have been so picky about steak lately. I've had a lot of steaks that were expensive at very nice places lately, and this is much better. Okay, beret. Uh, >> my job is really good. My job's really good. >> I just had a just came from a steak that was objectively probably better than this. This is incredible. I honestly I'm sure everything else in the menu is good. My server recommended this, which I always recommend going with the server recommendations cuz they have tried everything. They do know what's good. Um, and he said this is incredible. And he was right. He was right. Chris is right. So, oh, it's good. I was feeling uh so full that I was borderline sick after my steak. And I he brought out the molten chocolate lava cake with matcha ice cream and I was like, "That sounds so horrible on a full stomach. I've eaten almost all of it. I thought it was delicious." The molten lava cake basically fell apart. It tasted like cake batter. It was so warm. And the matcha ice cream had like a pleasant earthiness to it, but it wasn't overwhelming. It was like a nice cold accompaniment to it. Uh I had heard from some folks today that this restaurant was amazing. I have to back it. I think it is gorgeous in here. I think the show was incredible. You get character time at the table, even if it's brief. And everything that I ate at this meal was awesome. So, the big thing I will say, obviously, it's a rotational dining. Navigator's Club is going to have a similar experience. If you are planning on skipping dinner one night for whatever reason, whether you want to have a chiller night in and do room service, or if you want to do an upcharge restaurant like Paulo or Manselli's, do not do it on your Hollywood Spotlight or Navigator tonight. Okay y'all, we're getting fancy. We are going to one of the additional dining options that you can check out here on the Disney Adventure that is not included in your initial fee that you pay and it's Mike and Sullies. Mike and Sullies is a very interesting experience. We're excited to learn quite a bit about it. Um I do have a reservation by myself. That's a okay, but it means we're going to be trying some exciting stuff together. Okay, we are starting off with one of the beginning and one of the sharables even though I'm by myself because why not? This is once in a lifetime. First, we have the Taraben Yagi. That's how I think he said it. It's a king crab tartlet, musk, melon, pearl, yuzu, agar, and caviar. Very fancy. He said it was the prettiest, so he really wanted me to order that. And that is what we're all about. That's insane. Then for the sharable, I ended up grabbing the kale. It's curly kale, pea puree, pine nut, puffed rice, yuzu, chia seed, vinegarette. These are so colorful and pretty. I'm very excited to try them. Both her recommendations and he said this is the only healthy thing on the menu. So, we'll put it to the test. I recently discovered I liked kale this year. So, this is crazy and so good. Okay, here we are on the main dish side of things. I ended up grabbing the pure black Australian strip loin, which is this right here. It comes with some fried garlic, um, some asparagus. I cannot remember what he said this was at the back, but I'm going to find out when I eat it. Tomato, uh, seaweed salt, and then another kind of salt. There's a lot going on, and he was he said it so fast and it looks so good. Then for our sides, he recommended the asparagus. So I grabbed the asparagus with a benny sugar hollandays and bonito flakes. And then he also ended up bringing me out the sauce flight that you can grab for your steak. So it has shashimi miso, daikon sweet showyu, garlic gma sauce, yaki niku sauce, and a border zu. I feel like the luckiest girl in the world potentially. Yeah. Finally, I ended up getting the Basque ube cheesecake for my dessert. It's blue butterfly pea flour crema and a matcha tul. They said this was inspired by the monsters. They wanted to make it kind of look like a monster itself. And the chef actually came out and talked to me a little bit about the cheesecake and then a caramelization on top. They cooked it really specific ways. Um which I just thought was a very nice um attention to detail. A nice way to pay attention to detail. Good morning. It's time for breakfast. must be so excited. She's screaming with excitement. We're doing a little bit of a different breakfast today. We are here at the Navigators Club and instead of it being buffet style breakfast like it was over at Pixar Market, um it is sitdown dining. So, it's closer to um if you've ever done the debarcation breakfast where you sit down and they bring it to you. That's what this is going to be like. There are lots of options, but honestly all mainly I think familiar to more western pallets. There's only a few things that I think are different or maybe a little bit interesting, but we're going to try some things. We've heard some good things about one of the kids menu items, so that's what I'll be trying out. And I'm excited. I'm hungry. I need I need a coffee. Ooh, we are starting off with a Berry Danish today. >> Yeah, we'll get a mix. Yeah, >> berry Danish. >> Actually, pretty nice all things considered. >> Light crispy and flaky. I got the pecan pastry. I learned that this is delicious on the Disney Fantasy and I'm never going back. Flaky, so nutty and delicious. Um, I have been sleeping on Disney Cruise pastries for years and I'm I'm I was wrong for that. For my entree, I got the Typhoon I almost said Typhoon Lagoon. The Typhoon pancake. This is technically on the kids menu, but we have seen this on other cruise line offerings and we wanted to try it. We haven't been able to get it, so today was my day. And it's basically just a pancake with peanut butter and jelly. Honestly though, for a kid and even if you're an adult who likes sweet things, I really enjoyed it. The pancake was thick and pretty heavy. Um, but then the the peanut butter was also thick and heavy, which I think normally could be a little bit off-putting, but the jelly kind of made it a little bit lighter. It didn't make it too heavy. Um, as the combination, it was good and creamy, fun flavors, nice and sweet. I also got sausage and hash brown. Both classic savory. No, let's just say I mean they're they're normal. They're fine. It also came with fruit. And Quincy got the most interesting thing. I got kimchi fried rice with a sunny side up egg. This is so delicious. I know if you're in the US, you're like fried rice for breakfast. We should all be eating fried rice for breakfast. >> Something that I really love about Asia is they do fried rices. They do savory broths and soups for breakfast. >> They do hot breakfast, right? >> Yes. And it's for me, I'm not a huge breakfast food person. I'm always getting like congi and all sorts of like and rice for breakfast. I love a breakfast soup in Asia. This is an incredible fried rice. Like really crazy good. I got the kimchi. They also had chicken, but I thought the kimchi would be a little lighter in the morning. This is legitimately has legitimate heat to it. Not like I have to slow down to eat it, but my mouth is like I can feel feet all in my mouth right now, which or if you don't like spicy, this is spicy enough that like you would notice. The sunny side up egg was perfect and burst in the rice and then like mixes all in with the great like savory egg flavor. Um, and then it does have that like very light like pickled taste of the kimchi which is adding just a ton of like complexity. Just a savory, delicious, hearty, filling breakfast. I told Emma I wasn't going to eat very much of it because I'm not a big breakfast person and I think I'm probably gonna finish it. >> I think you should. I've been taking bites. >> Hi. We're back at Navigator, but this time we were here for lunch. Um, so just trying out the menu here. I got clam chowder soup for my appetizer cuz I love clam cheddar and I wanted to try it. Very tasty, nice and creamy. I actually really like it. I didn't expect too much. It's very good. I got the chicken malagatani soup. Um, big piece of chicken. Tons of lentils. Very warm, very comforting, very filling. Um, and lots of great flavor, too. I really enjoy the cilantro on it. And I love the spices that are going on in here. There's celery, so a lot of nice aromatics. Um, yeah. I love getting a cup of soup on the ship. No, I don't like paying for soup. Feels silly. >> Unless it's my entree. >> It's also not silly. You can get soup if you want to get soup. >> I don't like paying for >> I love that there's a lot of clams in this. your cup of soup. I'm going to get soup. I want a bowl. I want a straw of soup. Yeah. Okay. But on a ship, you can get a cup of soup just like willy-nilly. You can do whatever you want with your soup. Lunch. I ended up going with the hyenese chicken and rice, which is a classic Singapore dish. We had it at one of the hawkers markets as we were running around Singapore. And you grabbed a regular iceberg and romaine salad with some grilled chicken. >> Yes, she did. Um, mine was actually lovely. Obviously, it was not quite up to the quality of the ones we had at the Hawkers Market, but if you are nervous about trying something new, maybe you've come over here and it's not necessarily um your comfort zone, this is a very safe place to try it. If you don't like it after that first bite or they bring it out and it looks bad, you're in a cruise. You can get something else and it costs you no additional money. So, I think this is the perfect place to try it out. And I honestly think this was really nice. The chicken was so um it was well prepared. It fell apart really easily. The rice was they've not made bad rice of flavor was really there. I also loved the accompaniment. They brought out like some sauce, some ginger. This is another one though. I cannot think of the name of the red sauce. They've told us >> chili sauce >> and just chili sauce. >> Yeah, chili sauce. >> Um it's the same one that they had at the Hawkers Market, so I didn't know if it was like a specific >> soy garlic sauce, but it is hot hot. Like I took the smallest bites possible just so that I could get the flavor, but my goodness, there are so many little seeds in there. Um, so if you want a genuine packed punch, put that all over your high chicken. I liked it a lot. Um, is it going to be the best you've ever had? Not necessarily, but I I cleaned my plate and I wasn't even that hungry. I enjoyed the flavors a lot. And uh, yeah, it's a it's a safe place to try something new. Mine was a bit boring, so I'll be brief. Everything was really fresh. The lettuce was nice and crisp. The chicken was well cooked. Um, I do think we've had our first, this is my first, I think, cultural misunderstanding with what I ordered. He asked me, it came with no dressing. He asked what dressing I would like. I said, "What do you have?" He said, "Ranch, blue cheese." I said, "Do you have like balsamic or Italian?" He said, "Yeah." I said, "Okay, great. Yeah, something like that." And he was like, "Okay." And he leaves. And a man comes back with to scoop my dressing on. And it's a white dressing. So, like, oh, they I think they brought ranch or blue cheese. This is tartar sauce. It's >> tartar sauce. like a bit of a looser tartar sauce. >> I love tartar sauce. I really like this. I might have tarter sauce as a salad dressing in the future, but it was not Italian or although >> it was not. I will also say >> I could have corrected that. >> If you don't mind me sharing, this is also not the salad she initially ordered. Um, but I agree with you. I think it was just like a cultural misunderstanding. They had two chicken salads. >> Yeah. And so I said chicken salad and I pointed I just make it out. I said the other. >> And if I were hungrier, like I could have just been like, "Hey, can I get the other salad?" And it's not a problem. >> And also, if I want to build salad, I got those salads. >> Absolutely. For those curious, we stopped at the market bar, which is right outside of Pixar Marketplace. And we're actually hiding in the only shady spot on deck. We ended up trying out one of their cocktails, and we got the Singapore Sunset because why not? We're in Singapore. It has Malibu rum, peach, pineapple, and cranberry. >> Isn't that delicious? It's really good. It is a perfect like cruise cocktail. Sweet, >> but not in a basic way at all. >> It's You think it is basic? >> Hold this. All I can taste is rum. >> Really? >> So like you're sip from the top. Sit from the top. I'm going to mix it and then we'll find out. Spicy. >> Yeah. Then we'll find out. We're not We're both right. >> We're both right. You said it's a perfect cruise drink and all you were drinking was straight rum. just like rum. I think it's so cruisy. I'm like >> it's still a lot of pineapple and rum, which I think is really good, but I don't the unique flavor. I am tasting a lot of the peach. I think sip sip instead of straw. Peach is all at the top. The peach is all at the top. Why would that be? I don't know. But it's delicious. The peach. Okay. So could just stir it constantly and sip from the top and also the bottom. >> Now all I can taste is peach. >> You just need to unlock it in your mind. >> Okay, we need to get water pallet cleanser. Start from the top. >> Um, very complex apparently cool drink, but very fruity refreshing pool drink. Delicious. >> Refresh. I mean neither of us have said it's bad and I think that's the key. >> Every version of it that we've tried has been good. Also, they told us this is the most popular. People keep coming back for it. Um, I see why. Also, it says the word Singapore in it, which I think is also probably contributing to its popularity. >> To get a Singapore sling. >> We need to find a one on the boat. >> Probably. >> Sorry, we went to a private karaoke room today. >> Have we told you guys that yet? We went to a private karaoke room. Pizza Planet. This is one of the really um fast casual dining options that you're going to find near the pools. We grabbed pizza to say we tried pizza planet pizza. They had four kinds. They had a plant-based one, margarita. Oh, no. They had more than four. They had a barbecue chicken. They had a margarita pizza. Cheese, pepperoni, and then they had a plant-based sausage and veg. It's pizza, but it's good pizza. How's it compared to the other ships, pizzas? >> It's I think it's the same. >> Okay. >> It's It's I'm really enjoying it. It is a little bit uh I will be honest like doughy. Like it's not crispy. Um but I like it. I think it's it's the same as others. We are in the enriching boba and bruise. This is the Ursula themed boba uh and tea spot that as soon as we walked in, I thought, why did we not come in here earlier? Even if you don't like it, it's just cool to come look at it. Especially if you're a villains fan. Yeah. Even if you don't try anything, at least come look inside. It's very neon dark. The ceiling is covered in like seaweed because you're under you're under the sea with her. Lots of fun. We both grabbed something different. I grabbed the Mystic Tide Matcha. It's milk and brown sugar boba. What is um I got the Mermaid's Berry Kiss. This is one of their blendeds and this is apparently their most popular blended. That's the most popular regular milk tea. Um this one is strawberry, blueberry, raspberry, and jasmine D. So it's just like a berry tea smoothie. Would you say it's very good? >> I would say it's very good. >> I would say it's very amazing. >> Oh, very nice. >> It's really tasty. It's a It's a tea smoothie, so it's just like a blended >> um >> fruit smoothie, but it's all really sweet, and there's the added sort of complexity from the jasmine tea there, which I think adds a lot of really great earthiness and some florals. It's really, really delicious. These are upcharge drinks. Um, but I love them and they are a staple. I think having boba regularly is a staple uh in Asia. So, I think they'll This place has been popping every time we've been by. >> Get it popping boba. >> No. Um, but this is I agree with you. She would have come here earlier. Um, what's cool is that this is a it's a nice which is a boba brand. So, this is not like Disney's take on Boba. It's a literal brand. Yeah. >> Where they've done it with Earth. >> Yeah. >> This is excellent. This is great matcha. Um it's nice and earthy. Very refreshing and bright. The milk kind of helps cut through the uh earthiness, the slight bitterness of it. Uh but then the brown sugar boba adds just enough sweetness that it makes it a little bit more fun, a little bit enjoyable. It is very traditional flavors. Um, if you're looking for something new and exciting and you have u access to good matcha and good boba, I wouldn't necessarily say that this is new and exciting, but if you're looking for something that's like classic signature, this is an excellent version of that. They also have a punch guard. We love a punch guard. Um, typically on other Disney cruises, you will find this at the novelty coffee shops or like Cove Cafe that it's here. Botcha knew that we would abuse a card if they gave it to us. So, we wish that's another reason we kind of wish we had come earlier. Might make if you like it, you want, you know, an excuse to get >> you get a free one. If you buy five, >> you get free ones. >> And we always share our punch cards. So, if we have two already, if we came one more time, we'd be only one away. >> Okay, Wayfinder Bar. Next stop. Cheers, everyone. Cheers. >> Cheers. I grabbed the Beyond the Reef sangria, savon block, Malibu rum, pineapple, passion fruit, lime, and agape. And I got one of their zero proof. This is the Islander Fizz with Liars London dry, mandarin, lemon, green tea, and soda. >> I actually manifested this drink for myself. She did. She sat down and she went, "Sangria." >> I I yelled at him >> and then the man said, "Okay, >> that's right." >> Which is also called ordering. >> Yeah. I didn't do that. I just really wanted him to say that this was the most popular drink cuz that's typically what we try to get. >> Yeah. >> And he did. So, I actually kind of built this life for myself. >> Yeah. And I've always said that about you. >> Um I really love mine. I'm excited to try the ZeroProof because they've been really doing more of a focus on doing like crafted zero proof cocktails since like more people aren't drinking and I think that's been really clear on the ship. Every bar has had like three ZerProofs in addition to the mocktails. And the zero proofs of course have non-alcoholic liquor in them which makes them taste more like a cocktail drink >> um and feel a little bit more grown up where mocktails can sometimes feel a little like kid kids >> beer a lemonade with glitter in it. >> Yeah. And there's popping boba, you know, that kind of thing. This um this Islander Fizz is so tasty. It is perfectly balanced. The soda water helps get kind of a balance to the sweetness from the mandarin and then you also have the more earthy flavors from the green tea. I the the Liars London dry in here. I can definitely taste, but I wouldn't say it tastes liquor forward. Um it's it's really mostly just kind of like almost like a sort of like very balanced spritzy drink kind of thing you expect in a highball glass. Um super refreshing and I would definitely really recommend this for like a little poolside drink. Mine is like the perfect I think um beachy sangria. To me, the main flavors I'm getting are the Malibu Ram, like the coconut, pineapple, passion fruit. Like, so fruity, so light. Um, I really wish I could taste the savon block a little bit more. That's just me. Um, to help cut through some of that fruiness, but really nice. I will say though, if you're looking for like a traditional sangria, I don't think this is going to give that. >> It's way beachier. >> It's way beachier. Uh, and I think that's coming from the Malibu rum >> and the passion fruit. >> Yeah. Very, very good. But if you want that like wine kind of berry sangria, I don't this is not gonna be that. >> I do wish there was more wine. >> I wish there was more wine. And at the end of the day, I need more wine. >> And that's what I've always said. >> And I've always said that. >> I've always said that. >> We are here. Tavern Porto. This is the Luca themed sports bar on deck. And let's try it out. >> You said she said a lot more a second ago. She >> said a lot more and I wasn't recording and I'm not going to read it. >> You made a Lady Gaga joke. >> Yeah. I was like I looked incredible. I made I made a million dollars. a long time ago though. >> Yeah. And so, you know, you can only recreate >> you can only recreate so much. >> A moment's pass. Okay. I have the 150 special. It's clarified using dairy products, which I Quincy told me I'd like it, so I'm going to try it. Amordo Kempari. >> I don't know that you'll like it. I know you'll like it better than this one. >> Okay. >> We just ask for the two prettiest and then just hope for the best. >> I do like it. I was right. You just Okay. I I said you would. >> It's actually really nice. Um I love a sweet Amordo flavor. The kari kind of helps like uh dilute it a little bit. There's slight bitterness. It's interesting. It's really good. >> Quincy. >> I have the other clarified cocktail. This is the 946. Um this one is uh Angels and Me Bourbon Karis Karo Antika formula and strawberry. Cheers. I love a clarified cocktail because it takes out a lot of the like harshness of the liquor and so um I am a really big fan of this. It's definitely heavy on the Campari, heavy on the bourbon. So there's a lot of the liquor flavor and a lot of the bitterness from the Campari, but still very refreshing, still very drinkable, which is great because this bar is outside. It's Luca themed and we're sitting like up in an elevated deck and it's very nice. It's open air though and it's humid as all get out. Um so it's good. This is refreshing. I'll get out. >> Oh, I don't know the last time we talked, but we are here at Tiana's Bayou Lounge, which >> like we've had a falling out. >> Well, I don't know the last time you heard from me. No, I just don't know. It might seem like we're doing bar to bar to bar, but it's been several hours since we last talked and >> does your cool aunt who like you sometimes hear from and you're not sure if she really likes you. >> But I do. And also, I really hope that's how you guys feel about me. Like cool aunt. Um, growing up my cousins would call me Auntie M. So if you guys want to start that, this is the year of Auntie TM. I am going to make my new nephew embrace that term. So if you guys want to call me that as well, I am embracing it, not the copyrighted version. That being said, it's been a while since we've talked to my knowledge. So we are here. We're going to be trying a few things. Qu trying a drink and I am going to be trying a dessert before dinner because I think that's cool. They have beignes on the cruise ship, which is pretty darn exciting. It was $2. So, this is an upcharge, but it comes with a chocolate, right? Chocolate syrup. And I want to know what it tastes like. And so, I shall. Is that chocolate? It didn't actually say on the menu. >> Say, yeah, and we'll find out together. It's syrup. >> It's like maple syrup. >> I think it's maple syrup, which is crazy. This is similar to the Disneyland Paris beignet where it's almost more like a donut. >> I love it. >> I love it. That's not a critique, >> but it's not a beignet like >> Oh, it's good. >> We would think like from Disney World or New Orle like a real beignet. I was going to Disney World and New Orleans comparison was crazy of me, but you know what I mean. This is more like donuty. Um, it's still light and fluffy, but it's just a little bit more dense than I would say. >> It's very good, though. I'm not a huge beignet person. >> I know I am. >> I'm a donut person though. >> Yeah. >> And this is very much good for me. >> I also think it's so funny that it's served with maple syrup. >> Yeah. >> That is crazy. And I don't just like it. >> That's so weird. >> It's good, but so it's just different. >> Swing that bad boy on over in my direction. Hey, don't know the last time we talked. Um, I got the absin frappe, which is an absent frappe made with perod absin, anet, and soda. So, I'm very interested in this. It is obviously a unique beverage. I'm not sure I've ever seen a blended absin focused beverage, if I've even seen a blended beverage that had absent in it. But, cheers. I really enjoy that. It is entirely the flavor of absent. It tastes like straight black licorice, but because it is a frappe and it's got this like light ice blend going on, it is so like refreshing, which I've never considered absence to be a refreshing flavor and it almost like mellows out the really intense like flavor of the absence. So, you get a lot of absence in your nose and then it's kind of just like cool, icy, slushy. Black licorice is the primary flavor here. I'm definitely tasting the star anise as well, which also kind of has a black licorice flavor. Yeah. So, wildly you might be looking around like, where is everybody? And that's a good question. We are at Tiana's Bayou Lounge. This is a Princess the Frog themed bar. As you can see, there's lots of flowers hanging from the ceiling. There's tons of seating. There's a little stage for live music and live music has been going on. And I did not know this was a thing. And Emma was like, "Hey, let's go inside the bar." I wanted to sit inside the bar >> because in the center the bar is a big beautiful circular bar under these flowers and there is this like open lily pad situation happening in the middle and you can just ask to be >> clearly no one had been bold enough to ask. >> No, you could just ask to be seated in here. There's tables with menus and we are in we're inside the bar. >> We're in the bar and you know what? This alone is going to make it one of the most interesting bars on the ship to make. >> I agree. I really enjoy a lot of the bars we've been to, but this place is neat. >> And the whole bar is really pretty and cool. And I think the drinks here are more interesting. They have a lot more coffee options. >> Agreed. I also love being Yay. >> I think this bar deserves some hype. >> I think so, too. And honestly, I think it's funny like we're kind of someone's walking in now and even then I'm like, "Oh, it's just us." This is our private room. >> Yeah, we have the We're in the private room. >> Yeah. So, I really love this. sense. >> Okay, today we are here. We are at Animator's Table for a show that is on other Disney cruise ships that I have never done and Quincy really thinks I'm going to love. >> Difficult to catch because it is the second night show at Animator's Pallet um on the Disney Fantasy I believe is the only way you can see it right now. And so you have to be on a show on a on a ship where you get two nights which is like a seven nighter cruise. Yeah. Um, I've only done this once on a seven nighter on the fantasy. I'm pretty darn excited about this. Um, basically we get to draw our own characters and I don't know where to go. I don't know how to start and I'm feeling overwhelmed. I have the thought of not drawing exactly what I have pictured in my head despite the fact that I have nothing pictured in my head. >> But I'm excited about it and I remain hopeful. So, we're drawing and I just wanted to show you guys what you're drawing. >> Yeah, we're going to make our characters and we also are a little late to dinner. So, we're going to have to draw a little fast. >> Yeah. But I think it will be okay. >> But we don't have menus on the table, so like not as much stress. >> No pressure cuz when you're older, >> can you guys get up? >> We're at dinner. Do not lay down. >> Brown bread with whatever the spread is. We We don't know this bite. The spread tasted like egg salad. Mayonnaise. Mayonnaise that you'd get out of egg salad. You want to know what's so funny? I've been trying to place it and I think you know what it tastes like. >> It's not bad at all. I actually like it better than some of the other dips we've had. Um, but texturally it's just kind of got like a like something's mixed in it. Yeah. Like an almost like a graininess. >> I want to say grainy, but that's the closest word to what I'm looking for. Um, yeah. and was like slightly vinegary. The bread's good though. It's like reminds me of Cheesecake Factory bread, but a little bit not as good. The special bread today is an onion cheese roll. Mhm. I taste a lot of onion and not a lot of cheese. >> Mhm. >> I like onion. Overcooked. >> Uh-huh. But not bad. For my appetizer, I got chicken saté. H. And it comes with a peanut sauce and a cucumber salad situation. I'm going to get a little bad at everything. Chicken, little rice. Actually, not everything. I'm going to add the cucumbers after the fact. Pretty good. The chicken's a little bit overcooked, but has a nice crisp outside, so I'm not super mad about that. The peanut sauce, also not my favorite. Not the best peanut sauce I've ever had. It's a little bit one note, but I like it a lot. It's enjoyable. I think it doesn't take much to overpower almost every other flavor on the dish, but I like the chicken sache. Not the best you're going to get in Singapore, but I think a decent decent start to the meal. I did. I had the dragon roll, which had eel. >> I caught you. >> Eel and tuna. Um, this was a it was sashini. It was a fine sushi roll. Um, it definitely tasted like it was prepped a long time ago and refrigerated. So, I think the sushi roll was really good itself. It's just that it was like kind of like a grocery store sushi because it had clearly been sitting in a fridge, which makes sense. >> I like grocery store sushi. So, do I. I buy grocery store sushi a lot. >> Um, I I really enjoyed the option to have sushi as an appetizer. And it was nice four little pieces, which I think is perfect because sushi is the kind of thing you're like, "Oh, I could eat an infinite amount." but you really can't and it will fill you up. So, I just really love this. Um, the fish itself was pretty quality. The way the roll was balanced was great. Um, it's just that it had been like refrigerated for a bit, but otherwise really enjoyed entree. I got the sea scallops on a bed of mushroom risoto. I got the locka lak which has prawns, shrimp, ta pac, laxa leaf, and chili. This is actually really surprisingly good. And the scallops are cooked well. They're nice and meaty. The mushroom risoto is perfectly creamy and it has a nice earthy flavor thanks to the mushrooms. There's a hint of truffle in it which is just excellent cuz I love truffle but I think it can be weaponized and I mean weaponized. I don't like too much truffle. And there are things that will attack you with how much truffle is in it. And this is like the perfect amount to me. I This is like a soup, a noodle soup with some fish um and a couple other accompiments going on. I really like the bean curd things. They're really tasty. They soak up all the flavor from the broth. The broth is really delicious. It's buttery, has a good kick to it. A lot of chili oil and a great flavor and it hasn't absorbed any of the like brininess of the fish, which I am not a fishy broth kind of person. This has a lot of great savory flavor without being fishy. Um, all of the fish that is in here is cooked really well. The noodles, I would say, are a little bit past al dente. They're a little mushy and not in a way that is pleasant, like is expected for a soup, you know? They're like a little mushy. Um, and then the egg is, I would say, a little overly hard-boiled. Um, I like a soft egg, especially in something like this. Um, but it has great flavor and it adds a nice uh touch of protein to the dish. dessert portion. Our last dessert of rotational dining. I got the salted caramel cheesecake. Really love it. The crust is different than like your traditional cheesecake. It is so texturally interesting. They're light and they're airy, crispy with the cheesecake on top. The cheesecake is probably a little bit undercooked for normal cheesecake standards. Like it doesn't hold together as easy. So, a little bit more creamy. I love it. Very good. Very flavor forward. Interesting. I got the uh almond and pear tart um with it has a matcha soil and h vanilla ice cream. I really enjoyed the filling of this. The almond was not quite as like really sweet as like Fran Japan, but it had a lot of the same great flavor where super super nutty almondy, but it was a more balanced sweetness. Uh texturally it was similar to like a a Fran Japan where it was like not quite like creamy. It was more like a um I don't really know what almost like a cakey spread kind of vibe. Um and then it had these beautiful like pears on top that were really well cooked and soft. Uh, my big complaint here is Disney loves to give you the thickest pastry shell you've ever seen in your life. It is just so thick and hard to get your your spoon through and it's dry and overwhelms the delicate filling. So, I literally I mean you can see I ate my filling out of the pastry shell place. >> Um, and what ask them what have you seen that meme? >> I don't think so. It was old. I'll tell you that later. Um the uh ice cream was really tasty and creamy and went really well with it. I love that this had ice cream because typically something like this wouldn't. Um and I thought mostly texturally outside of the pastry was really delicious and flavors wise as well. Spellbound. Um, Spellbound is the evil queen themed bar slash lounge next to guest services which has a very long line and it is very cute. You can even see the poison dripping off the bar back there. Um, it's I think one of the best themed bars. They really went big on some of the villain spaces which I enjoy. Um, and they also have some specialty drinks that are not just cocktails. They do have mocktails like the others but then they also have some coffees and even a fun like a matcha. Mirror, mirror on the wall. What is the drink in that glass so tall? I was trying to This is the queen. It has vodka, grape, lime juice, agave, and pome brutes. And it's glowing red because of the molten lava in it. Where is the smoke in it coming from? Because that was not there. He did a smoke bubble. It's dry ice we're about to ingest. >> Is it dry ice in that ice cube? >> I think there's something in the ice cube. It's not molten lava. I lied. It's a cube that lights up. First off. Second off, someone brought a bubble with smoke in it. wand, dropped it on the dropped it on the thing and then walked away after saying patch it. >> It's producing smoke. >> And then now you can see what the color actually looks like. And now >> what is happening? >> The cube is producing smoke for a magical experience. I'm so excited. >> I think this is going to be um a nice answer to your sangria problem today. Very interesting. Honestly, the lime juice is really coming through to me. >> Very nice. Um, kind of tart, acidic flavor. I think it's not overly sweet. The grape is more subtle. I think it's kind of after the after that lime juice. It adds a nice sweetness to it to kind of balance things out. That's good. I could also see this though being one of those drinks that by the end you're kind of like, I've had enough. Does that make sense? You know, sometimes you have an alcoholic beverage that is so sugary or just a certain type of um has a lot of fruit juice or something like that that you really enjoy and it's delicious, but then by the end of it, you're like, I don't I don't feel perfect anymore. I think that this could be one of those. Even though it I really enjoy it. There's something about I think there's a lot of what I think is like making me feel that way. I think it's heavy on the agave that mixed with the brute. >> It's very acidic. >> It's very acidic. Yeah, >> buccaneers. We're at Buccaneer Bar. This is the Captain Hook Game, which we somehow loved until the very last possible moment of our cruise. The grand finale >> to be fair. We never walked past it. No, it's kind of like in a little >> like unless you're coming for this, you're probably not necessarily walking that direction. >> Yeah. Which makes it a great spot to find a little >> It is also right next to Navigators, the restaurant, >> but you still have to turn a little. >> I don't want you guys to get on this boat and go to Navigators and be like, >> right there. It's right here. >> What are they talking about? >> It is right there. >> That is besides the point. We stop asking. >> Ordered a drink called The Dead Man's Chest, which is an experience for two. It is. It's $25. Rum, pineapple, lime, agave, and coconut froth and it comes out in a really cool like smoky box. >> And I thought that the foam was blue. It is not. It's not. The foam is amazing. The foam is so good. My initial impression as it like touched my lips was, "Oh, this is interesting. This is exciting. I love the smells. The flavors generally showed were different." And then as the liquid hit my mouth, I was like, "Oh, this is every rum drink I've ever had." Yeah, it's just the coconut zone. >> The coconut. But awesome. >> Yeah, but that is the Disney adventure. Hopefully this video was helpful. Helps you see the new ship. If you are still here, please like this video and drop this here in the comments so you know you made it all the way. Plus, don't forget to subscribe. We upload all sorts of stuff from all over the world all week because we are serious serious about fun. See you next time. Bye.
