---
video_id: nmgYNKb1dGE
channel: AllEars.net
title: "I Tried To Beat My Friends In The Most Frustrating Disney World Game"
published: 2026-02-20
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmgYNKb1dGE
---
I'm trying to win the most frustrating challenge in Disney World. >> Not if I can help it. >> Not if I can help it. >> Go helping. >> Okay. >> Like showing you my cards first. >> First thing I put is showing. >> Oh, starts with a wild. >> Emma, you can go first. You can put whatever you want down, I guess. >> Okay. >> Go ahead. >> Is it me or you? >> Um, it is your turn. >> My turn. >> Okay. I'm Dale. >> Cute. >> I didn't really know what the personalities are, so that wasn't like a read on either of us. Read how many. Yeah. >> Um I'm going to say >> uh yellow new spring rolls. Ah, >> good one. I'm sure you >> just sitting at a table. >> I'm starting to get nervous, too. >> I should have That feels nice. Okay, I have to draw now. >> You have to draw now. >> I have to draw. >> So, this is the end of the first round. >> So, we have to draw. >> So, we are all doing the new together. >> So, I Yeah, it actually worked out well. >> Okay. Okay. Okay. >> But go ahead and draw your cards. >> Okay. And I draw until I can >> You draw until you can play, but you do not play it yet. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> Okay. Yeah. All right. So, because a wild card was played, we all get to go do spring rolls together. >> That's actually very exciting. >> Okay. We are now in Toy Story Land. We are heading to a brand new snack stand that has just opened up within the past week or so when we're filming this. It's right across from Alien Swirling Saucers. It's a very cute Looks like a big popcorn box. Snack stand. They got a custo named popcorn in snacks, by the way. Oh, that's the official name for it. Official name roll. >> You know what? I like it. Straight to the point. >> We are all trying this for the first time. They have spring rolls and they have pizza spring rolls. So, if you love them in Magic Kingdom, you can now get them here in Hollywood Studios as well. >> Pizza Planet spring rolls, too, which is exactly theatic level. >> I think they also have popcorn and churros here. Little snacky things. But the >> they do also have some exciting spiked beverages if you're interested in like spiked floats and things like that >> which can be exciting if you're wanting an adult beverage. >> Yeah. And ice cream bars. >> Pretty long line, but people have heard the hype. We got to try the spring rolls. >> I was going to say, I mean, we're obviously joining in on it, so >> it' be fun. It is also important to say if you're coming here, they don't start serving the spring rolls until 10:30, which is why the line might be longer. They just started it about 20 minutes ago. Okay. Good, good, good. There you go. >> Cheese. >> I only want half marin. We're going to have to split them in half so that we can share. >> I thought we were all free. Go lady in the >> We can have one all at the same time. You side you side me middle. >> Yeah. >> Come on y'all. You commit to the bit. >> We can't. First use it. >> Yeah. Also, I don't know if we said this on camera yet. You might have marinara sauce. >> Marinara >> prepackaged, but >> still marinara. >> At the end of the day, how do we know that they're not just scooping that out in Magic Kingdom as well? >> Hey, fun fact from someone who worked in food and beverage. >> They are. >> They are. >> Hear that crunch. >> It's not as greasy, which we had heard from our reporter coming in. I totally agree with her. I think there's more fillings. >> Mhm. >> It looks visually it looks different. >> Sorry, I am double dipping. >> I'm going to find a um >> a lot of pepperoni. >> I'd say it's the same ingredients, the same recipe, but I think it's filled a little bit more. There's less grease. >> Mhm. >> And honestly, I do think the marinara is the same. >> Yeah. >> If not, it's pretty darn close. >> I like it a lot better with less grease. >> I do, too. >> I also think we're early in the day. No, I had half. Um, we're getting it earlier in the day. It's not sitting outside to soak in the grease. Maybe that's the key. At least here. >> And they have a whole kiosk. >> Yeah. >> Whereas the other ones, it's apart and they're >> you have to bring them in and out from a kitchen. Yeah. >> So, I think it's just a little bit easier for them here to make them. Both are still great. >> This is probably my preference. And you can still get cheeseburger and magic vehic. So, there's one for each bar. It's really good. And they're so crunchy. All right. That was really firm. Wait. My go. >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Cuz you kept drawing. >> Yes. >> And now you can go. Okay. >> Skapping. I'm really sorry. >> Oh, I'm going to have to draw again. >> I do. >> Karma. >> Karma. Listen. It was all I could play. >> I understand. No hard feelings in the game of Uno. >> Oh. >> Oh no. Still going. >> No, don't play it yet. Well, hold it in your hand. It's for next time. >> Oh, >> remember? But I can play this though. >> Next time. Yes. >> Okay. I was like, cuz it's blank. >> Yeah. No, you can play it. That's one of the ones where you'll get to decide. >> Okay. Well, >> guess we're going to meet the Incredibles. >> No, wait. >> And meet the Incredibles. >> We can we want our hands to try to get out of it. >> Oh my god. >> The catch is Emma has to give us a 5minute warning >> till I'm done. >> Yeah. And a meet up. You give us a meeting place in a fiveminute morning. Okay. And if we are late, we have to draw for every minute late we are. >> Okay. In the meantime. Wow. >> Bye. Let's get cooking. >> Woo. >> What did you guys do to my cards? >> Nothing. We all shuffle. >> We did all shuffle. >> Okay. I am running. I don't know what I have done. My karma. I guess whatever karma is coming back to get me, but I'm very lucky because this is not bad. I'm running to meet Frozone. because it has to be any Incredibles character. It doesn't necessarily have to be the Incredibles like Mr. or Mrs. I made sure to double check. Frozone meets in two minutes. Hopefully, I can snap a pick with him and then it'll go very very fast and they won't be able to get anything done and then we'll be I mean I'll still be losing cuz I have a lot of cards, but we'll be on equalish playing ground. >> Bye. >> I don't want to say what I have in my hands right here. >> I don't either, but I think you're about to figure it out. Oh, no way. That sucks. I only have really long things in my hand. Not really long, but Star Tours and the Villain Show are both like 15, 20 minute excursions. I just don't think I'm going to have enough time to do anything and I do not want to draw cards. I only have three in my hand and I'm pretty sure I'm winning at this point. So, I do think I'm going to just go over towards um the meet and greet that Emma's doing. We only have until she's done with her meet and greet. She has to meet Incredibles character. And I just looked in Frozone is coming out very soon. So we uh I do not think I'm going to have time to do the whole villain show which like a 20-minute show. Um and Star Tours or or Star Tours because even with a walk-on weight, which it has right now, Star Tours is still, you know, at least 10 15 minutes and I'll get back and have to draw cards even if I just got one out of my hand. So it's just not worth it. So, I am instead going to have a nice stroll to Toy Story Land, maybe drink some of my water bottle, stay hydrated. I could refill my water bottle with free ice water that can be found at all quick service locations. You know, there's so many options available to me um to do in this very brief time. But no cards I'm going to be able to get rid of, I think. >> Tiny fix the side. Perfect. Three. Please muscles. Very nice. One, two, >> can you look surprise a little bit to the side down here? >> Okay. And three. And it would be cool to stand out to the side like this. We got to place on our hol surprise there. >> Okay, here we are. Pixar. And there's a lot of fun stuff back here. mainly characters. You can meet Joy from Inside Out. You can find Sully back here, Mr. and Mrs. Incredible. You can also find Jack Jack's num num cookies, which are very popular, and Edna mode. So, this is her Edna mode experience. Now, Frozone does come out here. He typically roams around. Oh, he's already out. I see him kneeling on the ground. So, we'll go say hi to him or Mrs. who looks like she's just hanging out. Not honestly. Let's go say hi to Mrs. No one's talking to her. I'll go meet her. I love her so much. I was so close to I couldn't even explain what I was doing. One of my cards was Galaxy's Edge Photo Pass and we just did that and got rid of that card. So, that's awesome. Let me pull out what else I've got a plus two. Oh, and I can do another one here in Galaxy's Edge because I've got the data pad card. So, data pad is something that you can do in Galaxy's Edge. You download the Play Disney Parks app, which I will have to download. Um, but it's another thing you do on your phone and you can do little challenges around the land. So, let me get that first. Hi. Hi. Looking gorgeous as ever today. Of course. Have to be my favorite superhero every time we're here. Absolutely. Can we take a picture together? Karma's good again. We're back. We're back. Took less than 2 minutes. We sprinted. We met the best. Bobby and T. Now we need to find out where they are. Choose our central spot and give them their 5minute warning of jobs that you have to do. Ah, she's already giving me the warning. And I I think it's too late. We got to go. You know what? I did one and this one now I've got it all set up on my phone so it'll be easier to do if I have to do this again. So, we're going to go back to the spot, which am I taking the long way? I'm taking the long way. Just kidding. Ride speed. Let's go. I've never been so lucky in my life. I cannot wait to show you the video. I was like, "Bro, someone's going to meet. He's about to roam." And then I look up. Mrs. Incredible is just standing there. Not a soul in her line. So, I just walked up. We met, took a picture, called y'all immediately. >> Yeah. I knew that I wasn't going to have time to get anywhere and to make it back here. And I thought if I got one card in my hand, I would have to draw at least two, >> so I just didn't chance it. I went to the bathroom. >> Oh, I appreciate that. That's true. That's a good zone. >> That's I think that's actually a good use of time. >> Yeah. So >> that's how you think smarter. >> So I very easily did Galaxy's Edge photo pass. >> That's all I did. >> I did nothing. She went to the bathroom. >> I did go to the bathroom. >> Oh, that's good. >> Yeah. No cards out of my hand, but I did go to the bathroom. >> So many cards. >> Please, dude, that's so cute. >> This is great. Okay, my turn before I'm Oh my god. Okay. >> Oh, okay. Interesting. Um, blue. >> It doesn't matter. What? What is it? >> Oh, I get to choose an activity. >> Yeah. This is Will all together instead of anyone having to go to >> I want us all to try a nom nom cookie together. >> Yay. >> I was just thinking I love Nom Nom. >> I've not had one in years and I'm not a big fan of them. So I kind of want to see if that's old information. >> Okay. Well, I have to draw >> cuz you said blue. >> Is that how we went? >> No. No, it's your turn. >> No, it's my turn. >> It's you. >> Yeah, you're right. >> Okay. So, it's blue. >> Maybe I don't have to draw >> now. I have to face and I want to draw. >> I'm just trying to decide. Um, she's gone. >> I have to draw. Okay. Um, >> I love playing these like that we sent together. >> Yeah. >> Oh, that's one thing I was going to say. Well, we're not game. >> Oh my gosh. No. Spread them out. Spread them out. Spread them out. >> So sorry. >> Okay. I have two. I have two. Don't get too excited. You never know. You never know. You never know. And no one gets to get anything out of their hands. It's fine because the wild card where we're all getting a thumbnail cookie. which I'm excited about. That'll be fun together. >> Big snack day. >> Yeah, sure. >> Our customer just walked by and said we're a whole vibe cuz it looks like we're just playing Uno in Disney World, which is what we're doing. And I also do want to just do that just because >> um Num Num acquired. We don't have to go anywhere because it's right there. >> Yeah. Um everyone >> I'm excited. I've not had this in years. >> Me neither. >> I don't think I might have had one during a media event or something. >> No, I think maybe the everything series. I think the last time I had one was >> maybe not though my personal Disneyland trip. >> I've had one for work and people used to love this and I was I've never like loved it. >> It's like a rave about sort of thing and I I now to be fair I'm not a big chocolate chip cookie person. >> I said hot take >> I've always loved chocolate chip cookies. >> So we've got the whole spectrum. >> Yeah, we've got a big spectrum. >> These just looking at it >> a nice tear away. >> It's gooey on the inside but crunchy on the outside. Nobody cheers. Oh, sorry. I'm excited. >> Where's this going? >> The inside's really good. >> The inside's really good. >> Mhm. >> That stand needs to sell little cartons of milk. >> Mhm. >> I need a glass of milk with this. >> That's what they do in Disneyland. Is it? >> Yeah. You can at the Num Num stand. It's cookies and milk. >> That's what I need with this. >> I totally agree. I think that this is really good. I also think the earlier in the day, the better. The longer they sit, the less gooey and nice the middle is. And that >> that's the good part is the is the gooey middle. So, honestly, none cookies for breakfast. >> Yeah, >> I like the crunchy part. >> I like it, but I don't want the whole thing to be crunchy. >> You peeled a lot of today. >> It's my turn. >> Well, I Yeah, I put down a loaf. Now, you drew. >> Okay. Uh, sorry to you, >> Emma. >> Emma. >> It's going towards Emma. It's like the implication was that she forgot my name. Oh, >> it's a draw for um the color I'm going to go with is going to be uh yellow. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Yellow. >> That's terrible. >> You didn't even change. >> I draw first, right? >> Uh, you draw your four >> and then she plays. >> And then she plays. Yeah. Well, on a draw, it's only if you can't play that >> that you have to. We have to do vertebrae. >> Okay. No chocolate. No chocolate. That was a real earnest reaction. >> Keep it going. Keep it going. >> Oh, she's drawing. >> I'm drawing. >> Keep it going. >> Don't play it yet. But you have to do Toy Story Mania. You hold on to that until we come back. >> And while she does Toy Story Mania, we get to try to get stuff out of our hands. 40-minute post away for Toy Story Mania that Fry has to do. That gives us a lot of times to catch up with her, get these cards out of our hands. I'm going to start. I have meet Edna. So, I'm going to start by meeting Edna Mode at the Edna Mode Experience. Um, which is right here. It is open uh most of the day, 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Um the wait time is typically very short and it's a super cool meet and greet because it is all Edna mode. You're basically going into like a little experience that she's made. You've got the Incredibles costume. You can see the original Mr. Incredible costume. Elastig Girl's original costume. Got Edna, Jack Jackack, Violet suit with cloaking technology, Frozone suit, and Dash's suit. Okay, back into Toy Story Land we go. Let's all hope that Toy Story Land Toy Story Mania is not the full 40. Maybe it's a little bit higher posted, less actual weight time >> because I mean they both have a bunch of cards. I don't think they can really do a whole lot because the last round I mean it was a quick task for Emma. But I got one thing done and Quincy didn't get anything done. So depending on what cards they have, they might not really do a whole lot. And I still only have four cards. So I'm still very much in this game. Okay, we're in. It's 11:49. Also, I got myself a Garmin watch for Christmas and it's been counting my steps, which is really crazy for me to know. And now got a little timer, which is something any watch can do, I know. And also my phone can do it, but you don't know. I treated myself to a nice watch this Christmas, and I love it. Tracks my workout, tracks my runs. I think this is going to be a long wait. >> I'm on the move. I've got quite a few things that I think I can get done. Wait time for Bry is 40 minutes, which I am kind of jealous she gets to ride Toy Story. Maybe that will be a lot of fun. And wait times are not always 100% accurate. So, there's a world. She go faster, she could go slower. We're going to see. Um, I have like some show I have two shows. I am unwilling to attempt a show during this time. I won't do that until my hand is forced because I don't want to risk coming back late. But I've got some um I've got some stores and I've got some hidden details that I can check out. So hopefully we can get a few things out of my hand. You had any wonderful uh fashion shows lately. Of course, so many all over the world probably. Yeah. >> No capes. Absolutely not. That is a fashion faux. I was hoping we could get a picture so I could tell everyone I met you. Yeah. Of course. made my way over to sunset. I actually have one store in my deck twice. So, I just need to do like go in, choose a thing, come back out, then go back in and choose a thing. And it is the Pandora store. So, that is right up here at the front. Here's my card. They've got lots of new arrivals. I'm also a big Pandora girl. I love my charm bracelet and it's quite busy. So, we'll pick out something. Oh, I love the princess rings. The jewelry box is very cute. To not waste a ton of time, we'll pick something cute. I think I want to pick a ring this time. And I love that one. We'll see. This one. So, we're exiting and I'm going to go back in on this side and we'll choose something from the other half. It's still Pandora's store. It's all one store, but I won't look as crazy just staring at the cases even though I am a big Pandora girl. We'll come back in this way. Oh, that's cute. They've got some good good stuff right now. >> Yeah. >> Oh my gosh, that was a that was a true genuine audible gasp. I love the Chip and Dell cardigan. Let's see. I also spotted this. I love how soft that is. Oh, the pearl pants. I bet they're not selling, but very cute. Really loving all the girly soft vibes. Anything is possible little pixie. That's so true. >> That's cool to me. Okay, I honestly think Oh, I like the stony clover, too. I honestly think these really caught my eye. So, this would be my other choice. So, I chose the Pandora ring and these. And then I chose this also cuz it's still technically in the Pandora side of things. So, that's two cards down. Okay. So, next on my list is 5 and 10, which is the store Celebrity 5 and 10, which is right here on Hollywood. I'm going to peek into there, pick out an item, and then I will keep moving. This is so cute and so fun, and I love not being stressed out. Okay, we met Edna. That was quick. Um, so I'm just going to try to do as many quick ones as I can here, but I just have so many in my hand. The catch is I don't want to like do all in one color because then I could end up with like I could end up getting stuck having to draw a bunch again because I got rid of all my red cards or all my yellow cards. I don't have any blues right now, so I can't even protect a blue. But I do have all the other colors. I want to make sure I don't get rid of all my greens or all my reds or all my yellows. So I have options. Now, the colors. Now, the attractions are all in a similar area if they're the same color, which does mean we're going to be boppinging around to try to get to try to not get rid of all the colors in our hand, but that's okay. >> Um, headed to Toy Story Land to get Andy's footprints, which is a super quick one cuz we just have to show off the hidden detail. Andy's footprints can be found in Toy Story Land cuz of course Toy Story Land is Annie's backyard. We're toy size, though. And Andy has put together this roller coaster and all this stuff to play in um with his toys. We are toy size. Actually, we're kind of smaller than toy size cuz those guys are toy size, but we're green army men scale. Uh the you can find Annie's footprints throughout the land. And they're these big footprints in the ground because of course Annie's huge compared to us toys. He's walking through the land with his shoes leaving his little footprints in the in the concrete. Um, and you can see them all throughout the land. You can see where Andy walked. They're looking for these giant footprints. >> That's Andy's footprints. That's my favorite little alien up there. I just decided that one right there on the ferris wheel. That's me. So, if you ever see him, show me. >> Look at all these gorgeous stores. Disney and Co. And then this is Celebrity 5 and 10. Found lots of good stuff in here. Lots of classics. I do have my pins today, but nothing I'm looking for. You also find a lot of HomeGoods. And in the pin shop is actually down on the end. So, that's actually where I'm going to look because I also want to look there personally. So, we're going to go look. Lots of Christmas ornaments. Christmas is over despite what you see around the parks. Theme parks and resorts I'm interested in. But I'm also big on the packs. I really want to do the Disney Ducks pack. I think it's very, very cute. I also love the Pixie Plus pack. Both of these have been around for a while, so I'm not expecting them to stay around for too much longer. If I had to pick one today, I would probably go Pixie Plush cuz I just think they are so cute. So, there's my other choice. Next in my hand, I have meet Darth Vader. Also have vacation fun. Darth Vader is supposed to meet out here in Echo Lake in four minutes. So, we're going to go find some Darth Vader. Then maybe we'll do some vacation fun as well. All right, I am headed into Star Wars Galaxy's Edge now because um I only have two green cards in my hand. One of them is really easy to do. It's just photo pass to Tower of Terror. But because I have only two green cards, I don't want to get myself stuck if someone plays a green later. So, um, instead of going and doing that easier one, I'm going to do a couple of my harder ones that are red and yellow because I have an abundance of that. Now, in this land, um, my card says droid tracks, and I'm passing what looks like, I don't know, tonton, maybe banana tracks. Um, but we looking for droid tracks to show off the one of those little guys, one of the ones with two legs. You know what I'm talking about in Star Wars. Um, droid tracks start once you get actually into Black Spire Outpost, which is sort of the Galaxy's Edge proper. Um, and I think I see some just up here. Yes, here you go. Right by, of course, Droid Depot where you can go get uh droids can go get fixed up. You can buy your own droids, including some the kiddos can play with. Tons of droid tracks in the ground through here um as the droids make their way around Star Wars Galaxy's Edge. And of course, some are the roly droids. And then this looks like C3PO style footsteps. He's here. He's out. We'll see how this goes. That's how line is. >> We'll give it like 5 minutes to see how far we move. >> Hi, Chewbacca. How's it going? >> Thank you for picking this up. You know, I saw some storm troopers over there, but I don't think they're coming this way. >> Yeah. Are they looking for you? Okay. If if I see them, I'll tell them that you went the other way a long time ago. And that you're probably really far gone. They should get going after you. I got him. Not even on the plan anymore. Yeah. I'll tell them. I'll tell him. I'll get him. I'll get him to run around. Can we take a picture, Chewy? >> One time I got jump scared by Chewbacca like really badly while I was trying to film a video and he What video was that in? Because he really I think it was when we um built lightsabers. He really jump scared me like bad. Anyway, we saw Chewbacca, so that's a card. Um, I think next we're going to go try to meet a toy and we may have missed the window, but we can maybe catch the next one. And the good news is we'll be dear to Toy Story Mania. So if Fry calls time because she's out of Toy Story Mania, we will be close because if we're late going back, we have to draw cards. And it is not worth getting one car out of the hand if I'm going to have to go back and draw one card. So it's more important that we get back on time so I can bail if I'm late. That's why rides are such a problem because with like if you're in line for a character meet and greet, you can bail. If you are doing a secret detail or a store, you can bail. But if you have a ride card and you're in the middle of the ride or in really far in the line, a lot harder, if not impossible, to bail. So, it's good to know if you have something timesensitive like a dining reservation or you're on a walkup wait list for a restaurant or maybe your kiddo uh is prone to suddenly needing to go to the bathroom. Uh, the only place that you really have to be concerned is in ride lines. Now, especially in instances of that last one, Disney does allow you to leave the line and return to your place. Technically, you do have to have somebody who can stay in line. So, if it's just you and the kid, probably not going to work. Unfortunately, uh, with the adjustments to the disability access service here in Disney World, the Dash Pass, it applies to a more narrow set of disability than it used to, and some folks who might have trouble waiting in line might not qualify for the Dask Pass. If that applies to you, Disney's advice, official advice is to get out of the line, uh, leaving part of your party in the line, and then return to your spot in line. This is not easy to do, uh, because you will awkwardly be walking through a ton of people in line. It is not a fun thing. Um, it is not a great solution, but you can do it. Uh, my personal preference if I ever do have to get out of line, it has happened to me uh with kiddos and when I personally have been sick and needed to get out of line, um, but maybe wanted to return, is I always speak to a cast member and let them know my situation so that they can help show me the quickest way in or out of the line. Now, realistically, there are typically not a lot of cast members in the middle of a super long line, and you're just going to be walking for a while backwards past all the people, telling them, "Excuse me, so sorry." And then you have to be the one who's walking forwards past them where people might think you're skipping in the line. It is really not a great situation scenario. Unfortunately, it is truly what Disney recommends uh for that scenario at this time. If this is the case, if you ever have a really big issue, like you've been waiting an hour and a half for flight of passage and you have to get out of the line with your kid, no one can stay, uh you're not able to get back in line for whatever reason, go and speak to guest services, explain your situation. I can't guarantee that they will be able to help you out, but uh their goal is to make sure that you have a nice trip. So, as long as you are polite, go and explain what happened. Um they will do their best to make sure that your trip is as good as possible. Um and they might be able to help you out in some way. So, moral of the story, I'm not getting a line right now cuz that's too risky. But I will get lined for character meet and greet because those I can get out of it anytime. Now, Woody and Jesse are out, but it looks like their line is cut off. I think Buzz is the next one to come out. That stresses me out every time. I love Darth Vader. Thank you so much. But oh my goodness, he's so intense and he only says so much. So, I I never really know fully what to say to him. I'm just like, "You got it, bud. I'm in love with you, Anakin." So, there you go. That's my fourth card out of my hands. I've not heard from Fry. I have one more little thing I could do if I can get into Galaxy's Edge and find a little bit of a hidden hidden detail. I'm just looking for droid prints. So, hopefully I can find them pretty fast. Fry should be closeish depending on when she got in line. Um, but this will definitely be the last thing I do. Everything else would take too long. Sorry, I didn't realize I was filming down that way. I'm talking. I'm yapping. So, let's see what we can find. I refuse to acknowledge what's about to be behind me. So, I just look forward. Um, that used to be Muffet's courtyard, and it's going to become Monstropolis, and I just can't talk about it. We've talked about it a lot on the channel. It hurts my soul. I'll be excited when it's here, but for now, I refuse to acknowledge what's going on. All right, we're in the ride vehicle, and it only took 28 minutes. All right. Time to lock in. >> Okay. All right. >> My arm hurts. Let me see. 205. Best vehicle. We just got a warning from Fry, which means we have 5 minutes for turn before we have to start drawing cards. Uh, meet by Pixar Ball, she said. So, that is where I'm headed. No meaning buzz, but I think that was pretty good. We got >> four cards out of our hand. >> Yes. Yes. It's helpful. It's helpful. As long as any blues don't show up, I'm good. Droid tracks. Droid tracks. Hidden detail. So, there you go. That's my last card. I managed to get five, which is very exciting. And now I need to go to the bathroom if I have time. >> You rode to Armania. >> I rode Toaster Mania. It was only 28 minute wait. I timed it. >> That's good. >> That's awesome. Yeah. >> Um, I met Edna. >> I saw Andy Prince. I saw some droid prints and I met Chewbacca. >> Very nice. I met Darth Vader because apparently that was the theme of the day. >> I found droid prints in Galaxy's Edge. >> I went to the Pandora store. I went back to the Pandora store and I went to Celebrity 5 and 10. So, I got shopping. >> We got a lot of shopping done. >> Yeah. >> All right. Well, uh, Fry, I believe it is your turn. >> Okay. I have hives right now. We're going this way. >> You're after Fry, right? Yes. Okay. I think so. Okay. >> Right. I was after it. >> Yeah. >> Okay. Yep. I have to draw. >> So, you're going to have to watch the Frozen show. >> Mhm. >> That's brutal. >> And is it? >> And let's look at the time. >> Okay. Imagine I can play. Oh, honey. >> Okay, we're walking the same way. >> We are walking the same way. >> Um, but I know that you're not going to Frozen cuz that's the card you just played. >> I am not going to Frozen. No offense. Thank goodness. >> And it doesn't start for Yeah, it's a long experience. A lot of time. >> It is a lot of fun. I do think worth doing if you've never done it before. I think Bert I think worth doing if you uh have kiddos who love Frozen, of course. But it's actually a show that's great for the whole family. Um, even I went with my adult brother when we were adults cuz we never seen it. And we were surprised by how funny and fun it was. It's one of the more funny shows. >> Always go even if there aren't kids with us, especially to get out of >> Yeah. It's a great midday break. It's long. It's cushion seats. You can bring a drink in there. Goodbye. >> Bye. >> Yeah. So, I'm going to head over to Frozen Sing along. Good amount of time until the first show starts. So, my plan is I can't do any cards because I could only do this. So, my plan is instead to drink some water. Maybe like two of my water bottles would be good. But Frozen sing along when we do get to go is a singalong experience, but souped up. It is not like the Beauty B&amp;B sing along. It's not just the story with the songs. There are the songs, of course, you can sing along. The lyrics are on screen. Uh, but there's also two R&amp;D storytellers who tell the story. They're the historians. Um, and they are very funny. They tell some jokes that are definitely more geared towards the grown-ups. Uh, and then you'll see a lot of your favorite characters, Kristoff, uh, Anna, Elsa. It's a super fun little show and a must do for any Frozen fans. Great four little ones. Quincy and I have officially separated. I have two cards that I could do in this time. One is longer. I'm pretty sure I can get it done um, before Quincy watches and waits for the Frozen show. And it's Tower of Terror. Tower is saying it's a 45minute wait, which is about how long Quincy has to wait for her show. The other one is Vacation Fun. It rotates. It's a short little show that just kind of takes you through different Mickey comics, uh, cartoons. It's very cute. I love Vacation Fun. I actually kind of want to do Vacation Fun, but this is the best time to do Tower because if we have another short period after this, if Bry doesn't win, then I can maybe do Vacation Fun, but I couldn't do Tower. So, the play is to go to Tower. And if somehow someway it's too long and Quincy manages to watch Frozen, I'll just get out of line. So, not the end of the world. Okay, we're back in Galaxy's Edge. We're playing The Date of Had. We're going to hack hack tools. Okay. Searching for hackable items. We're close by the speeder. We'll hack the X34 land speeder. Oh goodness, it's a puzzle. Okay. Access granted. Okay. It gives me all this information about the subsp speeded land speeder. Okay. I think I did it. I did it. Woo! Tower of Terror is a drop ride that takes you into the Twilight Zone. Now, this and see it's one of the scarier rides in Disney World. It's haunting, daunting, dropping, a lot of fun. One that I really love, but definitely not for everyone. So, if you have some kids that are easily spooked, or maybe you're easily spooked, don't like heights or don't like the dropping feeling, would consider skipping this one. It says it's 45 minutes. I don't know. I'm going to start a timer and then we'll see. At the very least, this sh um at the very least this queue is nice and shaded. It has steamers. It can get pretty hot, but it feels very nice right now. >> Sorry to interrupt, but we'd like to know what you're doing on that data pad. >> Oh, I'm for the order. Don't worry. I'm trying to hack into other stuff to get information for you all cuz I'm on your side. >> All right, proceed. But stay on civilian frequencies. >> Of course. I'm not really for the order. Okay, our final card that we can do right now it is the Mortimer card and that is meaning there's a little Easter egg to Mortimer here in Hollywood Studios. Cute. Um, but if you don't know, Walt's original name idea for Mickey Mouse was Mortimer Rouse, and his wife Lillian told him to change it to Mickey. So, thank you, Lily and Disney, cuz Mickey is a lot cuter than Mortimer. But there's a nod to that here in Hollywood Studios. It's on the ground and it's right at the corner of Hollywood and Sunset right up here. Just a fun little Easter egg. If you know, you know. All right, let's find it. I can't remember what side it's on. If it's on both or one, I think it's on the other side. >> Oh, no. It's right here. >> So, here it is. Right here. Says Moren Co. 1928 contractors. There we go. >> Okay, I'm booking it. I'm running. Um, obviously not running. I'm walking fast because you can't run in Disney World. I definitely think I can make it to Vacation Fun. I'm feeling incredibly confident about that fact. Um, it runs frequently. It's not super long. Frozen's a lot longer than that. And her Frozen would have just started like 4 minutes ago. So, I feel honestly not even that. Frozen just started. So, I'm really excited. I feel good. I did not think I'd get through two, but the tower line was almost half of what it said. So, always try something new. If it says if it looks crazy, you know, trust your gut. But if you think that it's going to be shorter than it says, test it out. Set yourself a little timer and say, "Okay, if I don't move in x amount of minutes, I'm going to go." It works every time. You just got to trust your gut. And sometimes lines are wrong for good and bad reasons. So, just never, you know, never completely trust the time, although they try to be as accurate as they can. >> I saw Frozen. What did you guys do? I wrote the tower of tier and I did vacation pond. >> Thank you for that. >> I did our little Mona Easter egg and I did data pado. >> I thought she was explaining that she did data pad uno and I was like is that you darn galaxy the first one? It really took me a second to be like I just didn't want them to say it first. Yeah. No, I appreciate the grind. >> Well, I get to play. >> So, I will be playing this. >> Oh, I draw two. >> And I have to be honest, that's the only thing I could do. So, I am I'm not >> Well, that's really good because I'm out. >> Well, thank you guys so much for watching. Uh, Fry, congratulations on your win. >> Thank you. Thank you everyone. If you're still here, please like this video and drop this secret code in the comments so we know you made it all the way. Plus, don't forget to subscribe. We upload games, tips, challenges, and more from Disney World and beyond all week. Why? Cuz we're serious about fun. See you next time. Bye.
