---
video_id: xh7g2xaslT8
channel: AllEars.net
title: "I Stayed In The BEST and WORST Hotels in Disneyland Paris"
published: 2026-04-05
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xh7g2xaslT8
---
I've stayed at the best and worst hotels in Disneyland [music] Paris. One of them basically inside the park gates. One of them 15 minutes away doesn't have a shuttle and is kind of in the woods. And then there's one that just might be the best value of all. So here's the best two [music] worst Disneyland Paris hotels based on what actually matters. There are seven official Disneyland Paris hotels. I have stayed in four of them. Conveniently, the two best and the two worst. But this is not just my opinion. This is also based on ratings and reviews as well as our team's experiences to give an objective judgment of the theming, the location, the rooms, the amenities, everything. [music] We're judging it all. In last place, but also key to note, not really a hotel, we have Davy Crockett Ranch. Disney Davy Crockett Ranch is actually a threestar residential leisure park. So that is less hotel rooms and more there's nature. You're in a full cabin with your whole family and you kind of have your own little space. It is recommended for those driving cars. And through a series of circumstances, when we stayed there, we did not have a car. We were aware that you need to have a car for this hotel. Every other Disneyland hotel was booked. This is where we landed. The cast members said Uber would be fine. Uber was not fine. But Davy Crockett Ranch, this leisure park is themed to the land of the pioneers. [music] Uh, you're going to notice all of the Disneyland Paris hotels are themed to America stuff. This is the furthest one from the Disneyland Paris parks. It is a full 15 minutes away on the highway and it does require a car. So, that's the biggest downside of this hotel. The theming is very peaceful, very outdoorsy, and the rooms are the biggest rooms on property. They are full cabins with two bedrooms. Now, here's a caveat. The cabins are currently getting refurbished. They are getting made over into fancy nice new um new cabins with newer amenities. We were put in one of the unrefurbished trapper cabins and it was dated. It was clean. It was a good amount of space, but [music] the space was kind of poorly laid out. Um so even though it was a lot of space, even with two people, it could feel clustered and crowded. That said, the mornings in it very nice. the woods out the window and the sun trickling in and we got panos shakalot to eat. Oh, pot of coffee. Couldn't beat it. But the nights were kind of scary and kind of dark. Davy Crockett Ranch also does have a really cool indoor pool called the Springs Pool that I have heard from some Disneyland Paris inclined friends, but it's actually one of the coolest pools on property, but it was closed during our visit. Um, but still that's a plus. Amenities wise, there are some decent amenities, but it's not really Disney hotel level. You've got one restaurant. It's typically only open in the evenings. There is a bar, Crockett Tavern, and a shop. The shop is key because though you do have a full kitchen with kitchen amenities in your cabin, you won't have things like coffee for the coffee pot or any complimentary teas like you will at the other hotels. There is also not only no shuttle to the park, there is no internal shuttle to get around either. So, a car is super super important. Otherwise, you will be Ubering to and from this hotel, as happened to us. We knew this was going to happen, [music] but a warning, if you do end up needing to Uber to and from, you can call an Uber directly to your cabin. However, [music] the mapping is a little wonky. So, for us, the Ubers could never quite make it to our cabin, and we ended up making that 20-minute walk to and from reception a good handful of times. But from a value perspective, Davy Crockett Ranch does have pretty good value, particularly for larger parties and groups. [music] Now, I'm going to tell you the price of this hotel. One thing to note is that when booking Disneyland Paris hotels, your tickets are included in that price. If you are doing a split stay or want to book a stay without park tickets, you'll need to do it on the phone. But the with park tickets price of this hotel is starts at about $650 per night, which is pricey, but you can get six people in there and there's no shuttle at $650 a night. Ah, now since this is one of the hotels that we did stay in, here is Emma and I's full tour of our Davy Crockett [music] cabin. Bonjour, everyone, we've made it back to Paris. We left um Eftling today. We drove 5 hours. It was closer to 6:00. It was crazy. It was a long afternoon. We now are here at the Davy Crockett cabins at Disneyland Paris. Both of us are significantly scared of our location and the vibe of this cabin. We We don't love it. We don't We're not excited about this cabin. We don't love it. Um but yeah, we're we're back around the world. We're one step closer to being completely around the world. And you might be thinking like, "Girls, that's a lot of stuff." It's really all the same amount of stuff we've had. Um just for some reason, even though this sleeps six, it feels so tight. Yeah. And yes, we're covering the windows with pillows because there's nothing else to cover the windows with. Here's Quincy's room. A bed for Huey, Dewey, and Louie. Here on the bed, there's some nods to Tom Sawyer Island, which is actually the only thing that's comforting us. >> Actually, Disneyland Frontier Land. >> It's Oh, shoot. It is. Yeah, that's Davy Crockett. Um, which obviously he's a true Tennessee volunteer. He's a true Tennessee citizen. Like, I would trust him watching over you to sleep. It doesn't save the rest of the cabin's vibe. So, when it comes to Davy Crockett Ranch, you should get booking if you have a larger family or group, if you are roadtpping to Disneyland Paris, or if you're there for longer stays and maybe want the ability to skip [music] some meals in the park. Disneyland Paris food, not the best. So, the Full Kitchen is actually really great. You should keep looking if you do not have a car, if you are a firsttime visitor to Disneyland Paris, since it doesn't really have the Disneyland vibe, or if you are going for a shorter trip, as that commute can be a bit of a hassle and you probably don't need all that space. In sixth place, we have another of the worsts that we have stayed at, Disney Hotel Santa Fe. Disney Hotel Santa Fe is themed to the American Southwest and Pixar's Cars. This is the most value option of all the Disneyland Paris hotels. It has the cheapest rates and the fewest amenities of any Disney hotel I have ever stayed in anywhere in the world. It is located much closer to the parks than Davy Crockett Ranch. It is in walking distance, although the longest walk. All of the hotels besides Davy Crockett Ranch are walking distance. The walk to Hotel Santa Fe is probably around 20 to 30 minutes depending on your pace. It's a far walk, but it's doable. When we stayed there, we did do it once or twice. And if you don't want to walk, there is a shuttle to and from the parks via a bus. The theming is fun, but it's on the simple side. And there are several separate buildings where you'll be staying. The rooms basic. So basic. Shockingly basic. This is the only Disney World hotel room I've ever stayed in that did not have a coffee maker of some kind available. There's also no pool at all at Hotel Santa Fe, which is wild. That's absolutely wild. That's wild for a Disney hotel, but you know, not uncommon at hotels for them to not have a pool. It's just for the Disney hotel definitely a little little out there. But the biggest strength of this hotel is its value. Although, it's still not super cheap. I'm looking at these rates right now. Looks like it starts around $660 per night. Keep in mind that's park tickets, too. But oo. Now, for the record, 2 days of park tickets does cost around 250 bucks for a two park 2-day ticket. So, if you subtract $250 there, maybe we're in a more reasonable range. It's still expensive. It's still more expensive than the value resorts here in Disney World. And we'll give you a quick look at our room at Hotel Santa Fe. Perhaps our biggest complaint with this hotel was that our room was dirty. It was not very well cleaned. Um, there was even a false eyelash on the floor in the bathroom. But remember, if something like this ever does happen to you, you can absolutely speak to reception about getting moved to another room or at least having your room cleaned, and they will do whatever they can to accommodate you. But needless to say, we did not love Hotel Santa Fe. You should get booking if you are traveling to Disneyland Paris on a budget, but still want to be walking distance to the park and do one of those vacation packages with tickets included. You should also get booking if you are a park first traveler. If you really just need a place to lay your head, Santa Fe will do that for you. You should keep looking if you want some hotel downtime outside of a shockingly nice Starbucks. There's not a ton to do at this hotel. And you should also keep looking if you want nicer amenities, as this is going to be pretty bare bones. Next up, we have Disney Hotel Cheyenne. Hotel Cheyenne is themed to the Wild West Frontier. I absolutely love the theming of this hotel. Though we haven't fully stayed here, I have visited several times, both to take a look around and get some content, as well as to do some laundry. This is the only Disneyland Paris hotel that offers self-s served laundry. There are two washers and two dryers, but you can do laundry here. So, I have been to this hotel a couple of times at this point. And I absolutely love the theming. It really does look like you're wandering around the Wild West. Plus, the rooms have a little Toy Story theme to them. This is in the same price tier as Hotel Santa Fe, but I would say a noticeable step up both in quality and maybe in the cost that you'll pay per night. This one is extremely popular, though. This one is often booked because I think it is the most reasonably priced where you also still get good amenities. The location is very similar to Santa Fe, about a 20-minute walk from the parks. It [music] has a much stronger and more immersive theme to it. There are a lot of fun details in these buildings, and there's even a bar in the lobby that's a saloon. The rooms are still on the simple side, but a bit nicer than they are over at Hotel Santa Fe, but the amenities are still a bit limited. This hotel also doesn't have a pool, but you might find yourself meeting Woody and Jesse around the resort. And there are a number of fun dining options, um, including that salute I mentioned, as well as a buffet and a real authentic covered wagon. This one also has a Starbucks in the lobby, which is like again a weirdly nice Starbucks. So, the way Disneyland hotels work is that if you're booking them online, you have to book them with Disneyland park tickets included. [music] Now, Disneyland park tickets are not cheap. Per day per person for two parks, they are about $100. [clears throat and music] So, when you book a one night hotel stay, you are getting two days of entry into Disneyland Park, which for one person is about a $200 value. For two people is closer to a $400 value, which is why these hotel prices are going to sound so insane. Rooms here are definitely a bit more expensive with that $250 park ticket included. You are paying around $700 per night to stay at Hotel Cheyenne. Both Hotel Cheyenne and Hotel Santa Fe are really kind of akin to the Value Resorts like the Allstars here in Disney World. They are a bit more themed, so maybe a little closer to like Allstar movies. So, the starting price for two guests with one night at Davy Crockett Ranch and two days in the hotel is going to be around $630 at the lowest. If you subtract our $400 that those park tickets cost, then you're looking at around $230 per night at Davy Crockett Ranch. At Hotel Santa Fe, the starting rate for a room is around $650 per night. And remember, that includes those two days of park tickets. So, if we subtract that $400 for park tickets, then you're looking about $250 per night, which is reasonable and certainly value. At Disney's Hotel Cheyenne, the starting rate for hotels is going to be around $700 per night for two adults staying one night. That means with those two days of park tickets, we can subtract about 400 bucks and leave you at about a $300 per night rate. You should get book in at Disney Hotel Cheyenne if you are looking for not breaking the bank but still having really good fun Disney vibes. You should also get book in if you are families with kids as kids will love the Toy Story vibes around this hotel. You should keep looking if you want more of an upscale experience or if you have a little bit more room in the budget for just a more complete resort-like experience. All right, now talking about bang for your buck, we get to number four, which is Disney's Sequoia Lodge. This might be the best value that you can find, value for money that you can find on this list. Obviously, it's going to be more expensive than the ones we've talked about so far, but it's also going to have a lot more amenities. Disney Seoia Lodge is themed [music] to the Great American National Parks. Basically, if you're a Disney Worlder, think Wilderness Lodge. It's a very similar looking hotel on Vibes. This is a cozy forest lodge style hotel with Bambi themed rooms, and it is just a 15minute walk to the Disneyland parks. [music] You might spot some Disney characters during your stay here. And there is a pool, the Quarry pool, which is both indoors and outdoors. You'll also have access to a fitness center, a shop, and a couple of restaurants. The restaurants include two different all you can eat buffets, as well as the kind of nice and cozy Redwood Bar and Lounge. And this hotel actually even has a club level of sorts with the Golden Forest Club. When it comes to rates at this hotel, they start around $775 for one night with two days of park tickets. Subtracting that $400 bucks for the two days of park tickets, you're looking at around $375 per night starting [music] rate, which makes this one of the nicer spots that still you're paying under $400 a night for the actual hotel portion. It's not unreasonable. It's kind of a good balance. You should get book in if you are looking for that balance. you are okay spending a little bit more to have a nicer experience, but you don't want to seriously break the bank with some of these other options. On the other hand, you should keep looking if you want luxury or really strong IP theming because you won't find that as much here as you will at a couple of the others we're going to talk about. All right, our top three. And yes, these aren't going to be the more expensive. Unfortunately, their prices match our ranking exactly. In third place, we have Disney Newport Bay Club. [music] This one for my Disney Worlders, kind of similar to Yacht and Beach in the theme. It is themed to that like classic New England style. The hotel in general is themed around Mickey and Minnie, so very classic in every way. And the rooms are nautically themed. That walk similar to Sequoa Lodge going to be a 15-minute walk to the parks. You might spot some Disney characters and their nautical best. And this hotel does have an indoor/outdoor pool called Nantucket Pool. On top of that, not only do you have a full service gym, but there's a sauna. Ooh. And dining at this hotel focus on both land and sea specialties, [music] some international flavors, and there's even a yacht themed bar. This hotel does offer some club level rooms with the compass club, but their superior rooms are sort of their standard option and are definitely more in that Sequoa Lodge realm of how nice they are. Now, the catch here is that the rooms are good, but they aren't particularly standout, and the theming of this hotel can feel a bit dated. You should get book in at Newport Bay if you want proximity and a good amount of space. From a price perspective, we are stepping up again. Uh, one night here with two days of park tickets is going to start around $850. [music] So, subtracting park tickets going to be around $450 per night. Or if you're there with families, especially with those classic Disney characters wandering around and their nautical gear, the vibe here is very familyfriendly. You should keep looking if you want stronger Disney theming. The strongest Disney theming can actually be found with the Cars theming and Toy Story theming at the more budget options. [music] and at our most expensive options. Interestingly enough, you should also keep looking if you want sort of a smaller hotel feel. Newport Bay feels very big. You should also keep looking if we're starting to get out of that price range. This one honestly has pretty similar amenities to Sequoia Lodge and is priced much higher, so you could always knock back down to Sequoia Lodge. Now, to the bests that we have stayed at, which yes, are unfortunately the most expensive. First up, we have the most modern hotel at Disneyland Paris, Disney Hotel New York: Art of Marvel. This hotel is themed to New York City and Marvel Comics. [music] It is the only Marvel themed hotel anywhere on Disney property, and it is very cool for that reason. It was relatively recently redone to be Art of Marvel, and there is Marvel art everywhere, everywhere around this hotel. It is the most heavily themed hotel at Disneyland Paris. So, if you have a Marvel fan, you might want to check this one out. This one is just a 10-minute walk from the park. So, really great location, second only to the hotel that's basically in the parks. And there are a ton of amenities at this hotel. You might run into a Marvel superhero hanging out around here. And there is an activity where you can even become a comic book artist yourself. There is an indoor outdoor pool with the metro pool, a health club where you can train like an Avenger, and its own sauna and steam room. On top of that, a lot of different restaurants, including some that had some really interesting looking menus. And Skyline Bar, which is one of those bars where you look out the window at a faux skyline. And [music] that Skyline has like Avengers stuff happening outside of it. It is so cool. It's one of It like feels very cruise ship. And all the drinks are themed to Marvel. So, it's it's really awesome. These rooms are going to be a huge step up. They are very nice. They are relatively new. They've got that Marvel theme, but they still feel quite classy. And they have some pretty fun amenities, too, like Bluetooth speakers in the bathrooms. Okay, so we're watching Noir's vid on my phone. That's not where the sound's coming from. >> There's a speaker. That's a Bluetooth speaker. >> The TV is inside the mirror. There is a club level called Empire State Club here, too. And we actually have a full tour of this entire hotel on the channel now. So, if you want to see it a bit more in detail, you can see that right now. Prices, though, definitely expensive. [music] The starting rate for this hotel is going to be close to $900 or $500 without those park tickets. And most nights with park tickets, it gets above $1,000. [music] So, it's definitely on the pricier side, but the rooms are some of the best. The theming is kind of museum style and you can see just a ton of cool stuff around. Great location, strong amenities. That price is expensive, but it's not the absolute maximum, so it has that going for it. We have stayed in an Art of Marvel room. If you want to see the full room, make sure to check out that full Art of Marvel tour. You should get book in if you are a Marvel fan. This is kind of a like Mecca. You should really make your way here if you're a Marvel fan. Particularly if you are a fan of the comics and not just the movies. This hotel rules from that perspective. Over 350 pieces of Marvel art. You should also head to this hotel if you do want to have a more upscale hotel experience with more amenities. [music] This most expensive tier is where you're going to find that. You should keep looking if you want more classic Disney magic since this is going to be that Marvel feel. It's not going to feel as Disney as you might want. And you should keep looking if you outright don't care about Marvel. That's kind of the whole shebang here. Um, and though it's a nice hotel, if you outright don't care about Marvel, I think Marvel might sort of tamper how nice the hotel is for you. Obviously, also want to keep looking on if you are on a budget because the rates here are quite pricey. And in first place, our number one that comes with the catch that it is extremely expensive, we have [music] Disneyland Hotel. Disneyland Hotel has an unbeatable location. It is literally basically the park gate [music] for Disneyland. Actually, not basically. The park gates are under the hotel. It is the closest possible hotel to Disneyland because it's basically in the park. The theming is extremely beautiful. It's supposed to be that you are having your own royal experience and it's a very classically Disney theme. [music] It's a very regal setting all inspired by Disney stories. There are immersive and interactive experiences pretty much everywhere you look. There is a dedicated entrance and exit to Disneyland Park that is so convenient and royal service for all ages. Emma and I were lucky enough to be able to stay here for just one night on our recent trip around the entire world and it was very nice. Uh, we spotted Aurora having story time in the lobby with some kiddos. We also spotted Rapunzel several times. And there is even a character dining location where you can meet the princesses and their princes. This hotel also is home to their equivalent of Bibbid Bobby Boutique with My Royal Dream, a fairy tale makeover. And the number of kids I saw in [music] cute little princess and prince makeovers was astonishing. There's also the Royal Kids Club that has activities for princesses and princesses alike, plus the beautiful crystal pool and health club that features not only the pool, but also a sauna, high-end fitness suite, and a meditation and yoga space. Yes, there is a spa at this hotel with Disneyland Hotel Spa by Clarins. And some of the most fancy restaurants in Disneyland are here. There are two character dining options, Royal Banquet with Mickey and Minnie and Laaba De Lumiere, which is a little bit more of a high-end experience. That's the one with the princesses and the princes. There's also the hotel bar Florizly Bar, which I've heard very good things about the food and drinks there. And there's actually kind of a secret dining location, a very fine dining location called Lafor Secret Paranor, which is a fine dining experience in a magical forest setting at the Disneyland Hotel. Our even the basic rooms here called Superior Rooms are outfitted very beautifully. All of them are themed to one of the 12 Disney princesses. We got a frozen room and they have a lot of amenities to offer. A shocking amount of amenities. A level of amenities I definitely haven't seen even at the more fancy hotels in Disney World. So, it's weird. Their value hotels have fewer amenities that I've ever seen and their nice hotels have more than I've ever seen. Unsurprisingly, there is sort of a concierge level with the castle club level. And so that you can get a sense of the room, we did film a full room tour of the best hotel at Disneyland Paris. So, take a look at our full tour of Disneyland Hotel's room. Okay, let's take a look at the Disneyland Paris Hotel. She's screaming. She's screaming. She's screaming. She's so excited. We're in the most expensive and fanciest hotel at Disneyland Paris. This is Disneyland Hotel. We are in a Frozen themed room. They have 12 different princess themes. You can see nods to many of the princesses in the carpets here. We did request a Frozen and they had one available, so we got it. This is a two queen bed room. Lots of pillows on the beds. Very beautiful plush looking beds. Of course, we will do be doing bed science. At the end of the beds, there are these shazes that are also >> chairs. >> Two chairs. >> Wow. >> Under bed storage space. It exists. So, you can slide a suitcase under there. It's a little low, but even I think Emma's suitcase would go under there. So, that's pretty significant. It's big between the beds. Good amount of space. Lots of space in this room in general. It's a very big room. Um, side tables on either side are going to have a good amount of space, plus little drawer for you to keep things in. Outlets, mix in this room of European outlets, couple different European outlet styles, USBC and USB outlets. All the light switches have little tangled suns for when you want all the lights on, which is so cute. We have the main side table, which has a very fancy phone, lots of those light controls, survey for your stay, a notepad, your TV remote, and another drawer here in the middle. Reading lights on the beds. Beautiful Elsa above one bed and Olaf, Anna, Spinn, and Kristoff above the other bed. Throw pillows and decorative bed stuff. Very fancy looking beds. We're excited. And there are four pillows. And if those pillows aren't right for you, well, my monami, >> can I present to you the pillow menu? >> This is the pillow menu. Boom. >> You can ask for these pillows to be brought to your room, a pillow of your choice. And of course, we're gonna because that's amazing and every Disney hotel needs it. >> Science. And also, if you guys don't know, welcome. I cannot stand Disney pillows loves them >> and this might change my life. >> But that's kind of the general bed and pillow menu gist. Our window. This uh hotel does kind of serve as the entrance to Disneyland. You walk under the arches of this hotel to get into Disneyland Park. And that is very clear by the fact that that's Disneyland right there. Bam. That is the train station with the train there. Right now we can see Main Street. We can see Space Mountain. And we can hear all of that beautiful cute background music through the windows that we have cracked so that we have the ambiance. >> The ambiance and the vibe. >> Yeah. This is one of Emma and I's favorite things when we are lucky enough to stay parkside at these uh Disneyland hotels. And this is so awesome. It's the first thing we did was open this window. >> I think this is the second or third time we we've been able to do this. Like if you are staying here >> and you are able to just open that window and listen to the music and the sounds of the park, you need to. >> It's fantastic. Um we do have privacy curtains. very important because a lot of people will be walking by here at certain times and blackout curtains available which is great. In here in the corner we have a desk, nice little workspace that Emma is demonstrating. Um this does come with this little folio that had our pillow menu as well as um a postcard which is very cute. This is a room service menu for breakfast. You hang this on your door and then they will deliver your breakfast to you in the morning as well as the full room service menu via QR code. >> So nice tangled themed mirror and lots more outlets are here in the wall. Then we have first of our beverage stations. Um, Lavaza coffee maker, little coffee menu that explains how to use it. Your kettle, your ice bucket, and then here's all your fixings. And this looks amazing. Look at the flirt sugar. >> Know what's what they explain right here. >> Next up, look at all the spoons. I know the rest of the drawers are storage space, which is great. You have this nice little couch in the middle. And then this big kind of mirrored surface is also your TV. It's hidden in there. Does make it pretty hard to watch when there's lights on and the sun out. But you can always close the blackout curtains and you'll be able to see it much better as EMTT is doing now. You can see it's making it better. And if we were to fully close those and turn off the lights, it would be perfectly easy to watch during the day. But you can't have both sunny window and good TV viewing. Next up, we have the mini fridge, which this is wild. This is stocked. Um, and yeah, a lot of times, and ignore Emma Starbucks, but a lot of times, uh, mini fridges are stocked. It's just usually those are upcharge. But here at Disneyland Hotel, when you arrive, anything in the mini fridge is complimentary when you arrive. And any restocks are upcharge. But all of this is ours for keeps. There's this nice corner space, which is great for putting bags, as well as a full length mirror. You can see me do this. These are the light fixtures in here. They're cute. A little oldfashioned, little fancy, fancy, princessy vibe. And again, lots of space in here. Let's head to the front door. Big door. Um classic um evacuation room. Ever important. You've got your door bar, little do not disturb sign. And um this doesn't have a deadbolt, but it does have a classic scan lock. They use this key that's still in my hand to get through. Full like global roomwide light switch here. You can turn it off easily right when you come in. Closet with my Starbucks in it. Um we have two robes. These are not branded robes. Did you notice this? No. They don't have a Disneyland hotel brand on them. There's lots of laundry materials in here. Um, and shoe materials like a shoe mitt, sewing kit, shoe horn. Um, two sets of slippers. These are for keeps. And then your inner room safe is tucked into this drawer just below. Programmable. This is another drawer for storage. Storage space on the floor here as well as this big exterior part of the closet. That's all great for storage. Extra pillows and blankets are up here. Now we head into the bathroom. >> Wow. >> The bathroom. Um, a little on the older side. This is a refurbished hotel. As you can probably tell, it's an older hotel, but it has recently gotten this beautiful >> I believe it completed in like January 24. >> Like, yeah. So, pretty recent. Um, really nice size bathroom though. I love this Snow White mirror that has all the dwarves as well as Snow White. Um, hand towels, water glasses, double vanity here, so plenty of room for uh, everyone to get ready. the most beautiful little bottle of lotion ever. This little box that has a couple of extras in it like makeup remover pads and nail file, soap on a soap dish, tissues, and then below the sink, we have lots of towels as well as your hair dryer available, little trash can. Then in the shower, two showerheads, waterfall, as well as a like movable one. Um, you've got your controls, full-size bathtub, more towels, note for uh like keeping the environment good for the queens, kings, princesses, and princes. That's us. Um, and then we've got conditioner, shampoo, and shower gel available. As well as a heated towel rack. I can never work these things, so maybe Emma can figure it out. Commode room is separate. Um, but it isn't like if someone's showering, you cannot privately walk into the commode room. But that toilet here, of course, ever important. Um, it does have a little sprayer. So, that's Europe for you. Um, toilet paper, extra toilet paper, toilet brush, and a little phone that can get to housekeeping reception and an emergency line if needed while you are uh in the office. And that is our Disneyland hotel room. >> Bed science. >> Bed science. Maybe once we are changed out of our airplane clothes. Oh my gosh. Very wise of you to just How is it? [laughter] Look at her feet kicking. Is it firm? Is it plush? >> I would say it's on the firmer side. >> We've been in Asia, so the mattresses have been very firm. >> And we were in Istanbul where it was slightly less firm. Is it still firm? >> This is another step. We're working our way back to the plush beds of the United States. And that is the daily in Paris room. We are now going to rest and figure out laundry because if you don't know, we uh have had to surprisingly >> go home today >> extend our trip by 5 days and Emma and I packed one outfit for cold weather each. Now, unfortunately, I have to tell you how much this all costs. It is the best hotel and you pay for it if you want to stay there. It starts starts around $1,400 per night. [music] So that's about $1,000 per night if you don't consider that park ticket. It is extremely expensive to stay at this hotel. Most of the time it it gets up above 1,500 as well. So really, you're paying through the nose to stay here, but [music] at least it lives up to the price. It is very nice and feels luxury in many ways. You should get booking for any once-in-a-lifetime trips to Disneyland Paris or if you are a luxury traveler. I think you'll be pretty happy with this hotel. You should also get booking if you're looking for that maximum convenience if you can pay for it. The way that this hotel offers getting in and out of the parks is just unprecedented. You are right there. You should keep looking if you have budget to worry about at all. That is a lot of money spent per night that could be spent on other fun experiences during your vacation. You should also keep looking if you just don't need that proximity. You can always consider staying off property as well for experiences that are very equal to the experiences you have around these Disneyland Paris hotels, often for a much lower budget. Truly though, though this is based on ratings and amenities offered, the best hotel really isn't the same for everyone. For me, though I think the Disneyland Hotel is incredible, it will never be the best because I don't want to spend more than $1,000 per night on a hotel room. It really all depends on how you travel. But hopefully this video has helped you decide which hotel is best for you and just get an idea of where you can stay at Disneyland Paris in general. If you are still here, please like this video and drop this secret code in the comments so we know you made it all the way. Plus, don't forget to subscribe. We upload tips, [music] games, tours, and more from Disney parks all around the world all week cuz we are serious about fun. I'll see you [music] next time. Bye.
