---
video_id: ufai09ad4fE
channel: AllEars.net
title: "The Best Way to START Your Day in Magic Kingdom -- Early Entry vs Rope Drop EXPERIMENT"
published: 2026-03-20
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufai09ad4fE
---
What can you really get done when you rope drop Magic Kingdom? >> What can you really do when you rope drop Magic Kingdom? Today, we're putting it to the test >> right now. Well, we're arriving at the TTC, not at the front of the park. And you know why? We're not staying in a Walt Disney World resort. We do not have early entry this morning and we don't get to be dropped off in front of the park. We get dropped off at the TTC where we get to commute to the Magic Kingdom this morning. And that is great because that's what I do every day, but for you it might not be so great. This is exactly where you'll be dropped off too if you're staying at. There's the Shades of Green bus. If you're staying at Swan Dolphin, if you're staying at Four Seasons, Conrad, any of the fancy hotels in the area that aren't on property, including Four Seasons, which is on property, you're not going to be dropped off at the front bus station. You're going to be dropped off here at the TTC. And that means you have two options to get from here to the Magic Kingdom. You can either go by ferryboat, which is Quincy's favorite option, or you can go by Montreal, which is my favorite version. And Montreal Black arriving to take us to Magic Kingdom. If you're a veteran All Ears viewer, you'll have heard this trick a number of times before, but if you're brand new, this might be your first video, and this could be the day you learn about this hack, getting on the very last car of the Montreal, which means taking the right hand side ramp up and going all the way to the end. And I'll show you what happens when you exit at Magic Kingdom. >> Okay, good morning. It is 7:51. Early entry today starts at 8:30. I think honestly this is the earliest I've been to a Disney park in a long time. So early entry is a perk for Disney resort hotel guests. You get into the parks 30 minutes earlier than people who are not staying at a Disney owned or good neighbor hotel. So we are here to see how quickly I can ride the three most popular rides in Magic Kingdom with that early entry perk. I have a feeling it's going to be pretty fast. >> Good morning folks. Welcome to the Magic Kingdom. Early entry is going to be over this way. Please keep your party together and present one pass for party. It is 7:54 and we have scanned in early entry. So, just to make sure that people are actually staying at a hotel, people can walk into Magic Kingdom, they can walk all the way down to the castle and start taking pictures. But as soon as you get to Tomorrowland and Fantasy Land, they've got a line of cast members to check. You have to scan your Magic Band or your reservation. You only need one person in the party to scan for you. But they'll say how many people are with you. They check the number on the reservation to make sure it's the same. So, you can't sneak anybody in. But we 7:55. We're going to My plan is to do Seven Dwarfs first, then Peter Pan, then Tron. This is the kind of Disney science that I love. For today's experiment, we are both doing the same three rides. Seven doors mine Train, Peter Pan's Flight, and Tron Light Cycle Run. These are the three most popular rides in Magic Kingdom that can rack up some pretty lengthy weights throughout the day. So, if you are coming here on your Magic Kingdom day and get three of the most popular rides done before anybody else gets into the park, that could be a real game changer for your whole Magic Kingdom day and it could potentially save you money on Lightning Lane. So, that's why we are doing this experiment today. So they have not opened the queue yet, but we are one of the first people in the line. Five. Early entry doesn't even officially start for another 5 minutes. And we've already been on one attraction. Arguably the one of, if not the most popular attraction in all of Magic Kingdom. So, great day so far. Next up, we are heading to Peter Pan's flight. I've never seen it less crowded than this. This is crazy. And once you arrive at the station, you just take a left and there's a little staircase here and it's going to get you out and to the gate faster. A lot faster than everybody else. Is it really that bright? Is something going on with my colors? It looks like we're arriving in heaven. And for many of us, we are. Welcome to Magic Kingdom. Good morning. And look, everyone's still in a big crowd behind us. In 2021, the permanent shift away from extra magic hours to early morning entry occurred. And that was significant because it went from being something that was one or two days a week in a particular park to 7 days a week every single park offers early entry to resort guests who are eligible. So either Walt Disney World resort guests or certain Good Neighbor resorts that offered that access as well. Not only did it make it 7 days a week, that also made it so that 80 to 100,000 people every single day, an estimated 80 to 100,000 people every day, now had access to all four parks in the morning. So, those of us who didn't have access didn't have the option to say, "I'm going to skip the park this day because they're offering this extra magic hour offering in the morning. We're going to skip that and go tomorrow when they're not offering it." Now, you can't skip it 7 days a week, friends. So, what does that mean? Rope drop is different. Is it dead? Well, if you have that half an hour extra in the morning, as Fry Bucket does today, it's not completely dead. And if you're in Magic Kingdom, you have an advantage because the only lands open early are Tomorrowland and Fantasy Land. And Tron isn't even one of the rides that's open or eligible. That means the whole rest of the park and Tron you have first pick of if you are entering like me as a non resort guest. So looking at weight times right now, they're only showing weight times on the app for the rides that are open for early entry. So Fantasy Land Tomorrowland, we've got Astro Orbiter 5 minutes, Stormer, Dumbo, Mati, Carousel, Speedway, People Mover, Merly, Carousel Progress, all five minutes. Phil Magic is 10 because it's a show. Peter Pan's Flight says 30 minute wait, which is great for Peter Pan. Winnie the Pooh 45, seven doors mine train 45 minutes which is already done. It's a small world temporary temporarily closed now. Tran is different at the time they've changed it a couple times but it's technically not early entry because guests can go wait in line. So that one will be our long wait but only one. Thank you. >> Hi, Emma. Hi, Quincy. Hi, Fry. Peter. >> All right, time check. We got off the ride at 8:51. It was only a 20-minute wait for Peter Pan's flight, which is amazing. The park still hasn't even opened yet. We have a few minutes to get over to Tomorrowland for our last attraction for this experiment. And we're going to Tron My Run. This one might be a long wait. I don't know how long right now because the bar's not open yet. They don't have a wait time listed. So, we're going to see what it looks like when we get over there. But if we do one long wait in this experiment, even if it's, you know, 40 minutes, maybe a little bit more than that, I still think pretty good. Pretty good to get all three most popular rides in Magic Kingdom done before 10:00 a.m. Walking past Seven Doors Mine Train right now. The wait time says 50 minutes and we have done that already. I have early entry because I'm staying at a Disney hotel for my run Disney race for princess half marathon weekend. I didn't even say that before. Um but today I actually checked out of the resort. You can use early entry even on your checkout day. So this morning, very early at like 6:45 in the morning, I went to Bell Services at Animal Kingdom Lodge. I dropped off my luggage. I left it with them for the day. Said, "I'm checking out. I'm going to the parks. They will keep your luggage for you. I'm here having fun. Later, I'll go pick it up." So, even on your check-in day and your checkout day, you can use early entry in the parks. So early entry is that half hour that resort guests get to use and can get on certain attractions in Tomorrowland and Fantasy Land. Rope drop is the term when the park first opens to everyone. So today that's 9:00 a.m. in just a few minutes. When you get to the park earlier than it opens and you're waiting there, even if you're not a resort guest, you are rope dropping. So, you're going to get here as soon as the park opens, as soon as the quote rope drops to let people in and get on your first attraction. Even if you're not staying in a Disney hotel, rope dropping can really help you out because you'll still, even though the park is open to everyone, you'll still have very short waits for most attractions. Now, I can already see Tron going across that bridge, but that's only because they have not opened the queue yet or they probably are just now opening opening the queue because I see people moving. So, when you rope drop, lines are going to look a little crazy. They're going to look ridiculous, but that's because Disney has not opened up the actual cues yet. So, as soon as they do that, it looks more manageable. All right, here we go. Last one of this experiment. It's 8:57 and we're in line. So, still has at least 3 minutes from now. The park is still not technically open. So, we at least got in every line before the park opened. >> And we are off over the bridge to Fantasy Land. We're headed straight to Sevenors Mine Train. Starting the day just as Fry Bucket has. We'll see how we compare. This looks like Okay, I see a cast member with the end of the line sign. Here we go. Get it in line. So, there is actually a posted wait right now of 50 minutes 50 upon opening, which is really not bad. Um, you can see the queue behind me inside. It's full, but timer set. We'll see how long it really takes. 35 minutes and we're going inside. Ooh. Did you know if you get these all spinning at the same time, Snow White appears dancing in the middle? I've only seen it a couple times. I did catch it on camera once. Definitely something cool to, you know, try to get your fellow guests interacting and uh making some magic happen through teamwork. Oh my gosh, we've received a presort because I'm a party of one. I think we got fasttracked even though there isn't a single rider line or anything like that. They just added me to the to the shorter line. >> You should be free from high blood pressure problems. You should be free from motion sickness or other conditions that could be aggravated by this experience. >> All right, see you in a sec. All right, and just like that, we only waited half an hour for Tron. That is amazing. This ride will be an hour plus for the rest of the day. So, that was a great great option. Also, very magical moment just happened. Hold on. I'm so sorry I didn't see his name, but there was a cast member when I got off the ride the first time. Um, a girl came up to me and asked, "Do you want to ride again? It's just you, right?" And I said, "Sure, why not?" And then I they take me back into the loading room again. And the captain member, the trainer, he he was like he obviously watches our videos, so hey, I'm so sorry I didn't get your name. Um, but he's a trainer. And he was like, "Where do you want to ride?" And I was like, "Oh, it doesn't matter. Wherever." Like thinking they were going to single rider fill me in somewhere. And he was like, "No, I've got seven rows. You pick wherever you want to ride. You ran the half marathon. You deserve it. Oh my gosh. So, so that was amazing. Shout out to cast members. That is a magical moment and that's why you should wear things like your marathon medal or a celebration button so that cast members know that and they can sprinkle a little extra magic for your day. So, shout out to the Toronto cast members. Y'all are great. I rode Toronto twice in a row and we're done with this challenge and it is 9:45 in the morning. So, I've ridden three of the most popular attractions in Magic Kingdom, and I rode Truan twice, and the park has only been open for 45 minutes. This was a great day. >> Well, it's been 45 minutes, and we're sorted and ready to ride. frying bucket was in the line earlier. So, not only was her wait time probably shorter, but she definitely rode it long before us. She's on to the next thing. And so are we. Peter Pan's flight. Ah, continuing our theme of 50 minutes posted. 5-0 at the 9m minute mark. We just went inside and the air conditioning is working. Here's my obligatory. Second star to the right tattoo. Second star to the right artwork. >> 43 minutes and we're back outside. Shouldn't be too long now. And at exactly I mean it could not be more accurate. 50 minutes we're sitting down in our pirate ship. Hi, Fry Bucket. I know you were here a long time ago already. It's good to see you. We are featuring Extreme Accuracy this morning. Yes, we earned 5 minutes on Sevenorf's mine train boarding at 7:45, but this was right on time at 50 minutes. Very incredibly accurate. Maybe the most accurate I've ever experienced on a ride. We literally got on at the 50minute mark. Okay, we have one last ride for our rope drop strategy this morning. We're heading over to Tomorrowland chasing Fry Bucket and her Fry Speed accelerated this morning by her early theme park entry, that lucky resort guest. Oh, and we're featuring a standby posted wait time of 65 minutes, which is uh not horrible. I'm enthusiastically getting in this queue for Tron. Um, not that I have any choice. This is literally my job and I wouldn't have it any other way. Literally, I love it. Red, blue, yellow. >> That's actually pretty dope. So, smartphones and watches will not work. Magic bands will. So, I always use my phone to tap with Magic Mobile. Ooh, 444 is kind of a fun number. Um, but if you don't have one of those things, then you can get a card from them, which may or may not work. Oh, and it was working out. 444. Don't let me forget. >> 58 minutes and we are boarding. >> Posted wait time of 65 minutes. We only waited 58 minutes for that 444. And everything is going to be in the reverse order that you put it in. Not because someone went and rearranged your stuff, but we're picking our stuff up on the other side. This is the locker door that we closed to put everything in here. >> Well, the numbers are in. We officially know how long Frybucket and myself both waited today to compare what happens when you have that early theme park entry versus when you don't. Fry Bucket spent a total of an hour and 15 minutes in cues for the three rides we both rode today. I spent a total of 2 hours and 33 minutes in line for the same rides. just coming a half an hour behind her, but a lot of people can get in line in that period of time. Now, keep in mind that even though Tron is not one of the rides that is available to guests coming for early theme park entry, they are allowed to get into Tomorrowland and get in line for it. So, there's already a half an hour worth of people getting in line for this ride before we're even let in and able to get get in queue for it as well. In total, Fryb Bucket saved an hour and 18 minutes. That's more than the period of time that she actually waited in quue. So, was this very valuable for her today? Absolutely. Is this a valuable perk in general? Yes. Even though tons of people are getting in line, you're not probably going to walk onto your first ride anymore like the old days, but you are still going to be here with much fewer people than will end up in the park later in the day. So, I personally think early entry is absolutely worth it. If you are staying at a hotel that offers it, please take advantage of it. You are paying a lot of money for that hotel. Use the perks. Is this the rope drop strategy that I would have recommended for somebody who was in my position, somebody without a resort reservation that qualified them for that early entry? Probably not. Although it wasn't that bad considering how long these wait times get later in the day, especially during busy times. But keep in mind the fact that you have a level playing field with everyone else who's in the park if you rope drop rides like the Jungle Cruise because nobody is allowed in before you in this park if you're not staying at a Walt Disney World resort or a qualifying resort. You've also got Haunted Mansion. You've got Tiana's Bayou Adventure. Pretty soon, Big Thunder Mountain Railroad will be reopened after an extended refurbishment. You have options for big rides in this park that aren't available for early entry if you're not staying in a resort. And if you are, well, of course, you're going to want to get in line for one of these rides and ride it in the first half an hour. But if you get it done quickly, you could always go queue up close enough to the border of Fantasy Land and Liberty Square to get right on Haunted Mansion and be one of the very first people on that when the rest of the park opens. So, if you like this video, be sure to like and subscribe. Go ahead and put this password in the comments below and turn on notifications so you'll be the first to know when myself or one of my friends comes out with a brand new video. Something we do all week. And you know why? Because we're serious about fun. See you next time. This was serious. Very intense theme park math today. My brain's tired.
