---
video_id: _kiL2dKvO-Y
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Is Quincy Getting a NEW JOB?? 👀"
published: 2026-01-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_kiL2dKvO-Y
---
I actually came to see if you guys were I actually came to see if you guys were I actually came to see if you guys were going to be hiring anytime soon. going to be hiring anytime soon. going to be hiring anytime soon. &gt;&gt; You know, if we're hiring, we definitely &gt;&gt; You know, if we're hiring, we definitely &gt;&gt; You know, if we're hiring, we definitely need some drivers, man. need some drivers, man. need some drivers, man. &gt;&gt; Put in your application for the driver &gt;&gt; Put in your application for the driver &gt;&gt; Put in your application for the driver transportation. transportation. transportation. &gt;&gt; I see that you're missing one right now. &gt;&gt; I see that you're missing one right now. &gt;&gt; I see that you're missing one right now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but that's why we see a man. So, I &gt;&gt; Yeah, but that's why we see a man. So, I &gt;&gt; Yeah, but that's why we see a man. So, I stopped there. stopped there. stopped there. &gt;&gt; I drive around an errand alley. &gt;&gt; I drive around an errand alley. &gt;&gt; I drive around an errand alley. &gt;&gt; How long ago? &gt;&gt; How long ago? &gt;&gt; How long ago? &gt;&gt; It's been ages. &gt;&gt; It's been ages. &gt;&gt; It's been ages. &gt;&gt; Been a while, remember? I think he's &gt;&gt; Been a while, remember? I think he's &gt;&gt; Been a while, remember? I think he's stopping for a couple of bunch of beers stopping for a couple of bunch of beers stopping for a couple of bunch of beers there. there. there. &gt;&gt; Well, that that'll happen. That's That's &gt;&gt; Well, that that'll happen. That's That's &gt;&gt; Well, that that'll happen. That's That's &gt;&gt; saying we got to have more drivers, &gt;&gt; saying we got to have more drivers, &gt;&gt; saying we got to have more drivers, trustworthy folk. trustworthy folk. trustworthy folk. &gt;&gt; I'll I'll apply. I'll apply. &gt;&gt; I'll I'll apply. I'll apply. &gt;&gt; I'll I'll apply. I'll apply. &gt;&gt; All right. Now, if you become the new &gt;&gt; All right. Now, if you become the new &gt;&gt; All right. Now, if you become the new driver of the bus, just know you're driver of the bus, just know you're driver of the bus, just know you're going to be working under me.
