---
video_id: Wjx9xYOxbVc
channel: AllEars.net
title: "The Secret to Having the Best Day in Universal Islands of Adventure in 2026"
published: 2026-02-17
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wjx9xYOxbVc
---
Home to Harry Potter, Marvel, and Jurassic Park. I am Islands of Adventure to have the best day ever. Bringing along all of my best tips, tricks, and strategies so that you can too. And if you're not going to Islands of Adventure anytime soon, you can just live vicariously through me. Let's have the best day ever. [music] [music] [music] Did someone say perfect day at Islands of Adventure? Don't mind if I do. We're kicking things off just a little bit before the park opens at 9:00 a.m. because we want to be in there by the time it opens at 9:00 a.m. Probably going to be in a bit of a line at the little uh scan points, but we should be in pretty darn soon afterwards. Now, if you're staying in a Universal Hotel or if you have an annual pass, you get about an hour of early entry. So, those folks could be in there at 8:00 a.m. Highly recommend doing that. You'll see some rides are already going and wait times will already start climbing. And by wait times, I mean wait time. It's really just for Hagrid's Magical Creatures Motorbike Adventure. But I'm going to help you navigate that cuz yes, it's already getting long. Park just opened. It's officially 9:00 a.m. Going to go ahead and show you what wait times already look like because of that early entry. Everything in the park is sitting at 10 minutes or lower, except for Hulk, which is only 15 minutes, Flight of the Hippogri, which is 35 minutes, and Hagrid's Magical Creatures Motorbike Adventure, which is 180 minutes, 3 hours. We will not be doing that. That is not what I recommend doing. If you have early entry, you absolutely should rope drop Hagrids. You still might find yourself waiting quite a long time unless you are lined up at the park gates at 7:00 a.m. But if you have that early entry, you should start your day with Hagrids. You will get a shorter wait than Hagrids will have for the rest of the day if you go before 9:00 a.m. Now, if you do not have early entry, which I'm guessing a lot of folks don't, [music] which is why we're starting this day without it, do not rope drop Hagrids. We are going to do Hagrids later in the day and instead we're going to start our day with Veloca Coaster. Veloci Coaster is one that will get 40 minute to an hour long lines later in the day. So, we want to go ahead and knock it out while it's only a 10-minute wait, but we can get through a few rides that will get longer weights in the middle of the day instead of riding Hagrids. Hagrids actually has its longest wait of the day between usually park open and about 3 hours later. So, when everybody thinks, "Oh, park just opened. We should go straight to Hagrids." The line is usually the longest, but we're going to try to catch it at a 90 minute or lower. Universal does have a skip the line offering uh called Universal Express Pass. It is paid and it's quite expensive. It is cheaper if you buy it in advance, but it used to not include Hagrids and now it does. So, that could be very much worth doing. I personally don't think that you need the extra splurge to have the best day ever in Islands of Adventure, which is why we are skipping it today so I can show you some really good strategies that don't involve that express pass. Passing through Lost Continent, which at this time does appear to be very lost. There's no attractions in this land. Uh it's pretty much just food and a talking fountain. Good food, though. Now, here's our trick. Once you get uh into Lost Continent, instead of continuing and having to pass through Wizarding World of Harry Potter to get to the Jurassic World, Jurassic Park area for Velocic Coaster, we're going to make a left, cross right under the tracks, and go straight to the ride entrance. Velocic Coaster is a Jurassic World themed roller coaster where they have put a roller coaster through the Raptor Paddic. I'm sure it'll be fine. Um, it is a very intense roller coaster. It goes very high. It has a lot of really cool inversions. It is very fast, very thrilling. Um, so a good way to wake up. I'm getting dizzy. I'm not even on it yet. Now, this ride does mean leaving stuff in lockers. So, we're going to go through a little bit of the queue, see some cool dinosaurs, but I'm going to have to abandon you at the lockers because you can't take anything on this ride. The lockers are a part of the queue. Uh, but you do literally go through metal detectors. Nothing can go through um except maybe like a smartwatch. So [music] [music] yeah, [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] That is a crazy roller coaster. I want to wake you up, which is good cuz the Starbucks in this park is under construction. Very thrilling roller coaster. Um, very intense. It's definitely one that I like to ride earlier in the morning because that is when physically um I react better to a roller coaster. Less likely to get a headache. A little more likely to get queasy, which I am. The plan is for us to go get breakfast. I just wanted to pop in here and look at some dino merch before we do. For now, we're going to head into the Wizarding World of Harry Potter. Um which we'll also be making multiple trips to because Oh, that that'd be fun. Let's see what Hagrids is at now. Uh it's going down. It's only 120 now. Only two hours. So, that's not bad. It probably never was actually 180, but two hours is still longer than I'd like to wait. What I'm going to do is I'm going to set a wait time alert. Just something you can do in the Universal app that is super helpful. All you do is from the wait times page or attractions list. You select the attraction that you want to have a wait time alert for. You hit the little weight time alert button and then you can set it. So, I want it to tell me I want to tell me when it pops down to 90. And now I will get a push notification when Hagrids is a 90minute wait or lower, which is great. The other one that I might be interested Oh, the last coaster is down. Glad I made it on it. Um, the other one that I'm kind of interested in here is I don't want to wait too long for the Incredible Hulk. So, I'm going to set it to just tell me Oh, I can't tell it. You can't set it to go higher. So, only lower. Um, the other one that's like way too long right now is Fly to the Hippogri. 65 minutes is ridiculous for that. I'm going to get a 30 minute notification on that one just so we know when things are starting to chill out a bit in the Wizarding World of Harry Potter. One of the biggest theme park tips is to eat at off- peak meal times because at peak meal times, restaurants can get busy. And that's especially true here at Islands of Adventure because there aren't a ton of really popular options. So, the ones that are popular can get slammed at like that noon, 100 p.m. time or like around like 6:00 p.m. for dinner. So, we are going to eat a big breakfast [music] so that we can hold over until a later lunch um and hopefully not end up in any slammed meal times. It's definitely been a busier week in the theme parks. Um it's the second week of February and there's some cheer competitions going on over at Disney and also outside of the cheer competitions, it's just been really slam honestly for February. Um, obviously the chair competitions are making it worse, but I don't know if there's some deals or international deals going on that is just drawing people here, but it has been busy busy. The Hogwarts Express is closed. They have the very thematic cornhole going. They got the train engineer out, conductor of the Hogwarts Express. Always busy in the Wizarding World of Harry Potter and that's because it rules. [laughter] We are headed to the only full restaurant in this land for our breakfast. We're headed to the Three Broomsticks. Uh, and it has some pretty killer breakfast options. Also great for lunch and dinner. Honestly, it's like English food and wizarding drinks. So, the way ordering at most Universal like quick service restaurants works, I call it quable service because it's like quick service, but it's also like table service. You basically go into the restaurant and you'll find a table, which not on those peak times. Pretty easy to do. Then once you get to your table, you mobile order in the Universal app. And you can order at the counter, which you'll need to if you want to pay cash. You should do if you have any significant allergies that you want to talk to them about. Um, but you can just mobile order in the Universal app and then there's a QR code on your table that you scan and then they will bring the food to your table. So that's why I call it Quable Service cuz you're still kind of served, but you're not like at a full table service experience. Hot butterbeer. Yes, Coreies. It does auto apply discounts which is great if you have an annual pass or anything like that or a universal visa I think might have some discounts. Say I've arrived and we might order and then we just get to scan the QR code on the table. Hit submit and our food should be here soon. Okay, this is the kids breakfast. This is my hand. By the way, this is not a small breakfast. So I always get the kids cuz the adults is huge. It's certainly sharable. You've got a croissant, little tomato, eggs, sausage and ham, beans, mushrooms, and potatoes. plus butter jam. Uh, it comes with a drink. So, I got myself a hot butterbeer and you've got some condiments on the table. Now, for my UK friends, I know that this is not a very accurate English breakfast, but I love an English breakfast and I can't get them very often. So, best one I've ever had was of course outside of London, but this is a nice substitute while I'm here. Do I think you should get it being from the UK? No. Get the American breakfast. It also won't be the best American breakfast. The croissant usually on the dry side, but it's for some reason not looking it. Is this not dry? What? I mean, it's not the most like buttery delicious thing in the world, but I feel like a lot of times I get these and they're cold. The best part about this is the potatoes. That's why I get it. I love that they didn't like kidify the kids version of the breakfast, you know, but the portions here are way too big for a kid. So, I love that it's an option for me, honestly. If this is a little out there for you, mushrooms and beans for breakfast, then um you could always do the American breakfast here. They also have a pancake that's surprisingly good and a porridge breakfast. Also, hot butterbeer. Ready? Butterbeer stash time. I forget how much I love the hot butterbeer. It tastes a lot like a butterscotch cream soda, but with a like foam top, like a cream foam top. I always imagine the butterbeer in the books as warm. And so this to me feels like what butterbeer should have tasted like. Okay, breakfast check. Next up, I think we're going to go to an extremely cool experience. So, the line is a bit long. Maybe we'll wait till later in the day. Wizarding World just gets so busy early in the morning, but I do want to do Ollivander's Wand Experience. That is a really cool show. We're going to do Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey. [music] This attraction is the ride inside Hogwarts Castle. And the ride itself really fun, pretty motion sickness inducing, but you see a lot of things you'll recognize from the Harry Potter series. You'll see spiders in the forbidden forest [music] and the Chamber of Secrets and Quidditch and dragons, and it's a very, very exciting Harry Potter ride. It is probably the second most motion sickness inducing ride in Orlando behind the Jimmy Fallon ride. At least for me personally. I do ride it with my eyes closed for the screen parts and that helps me. But, you know, just uh be prepared to be a little queasy. The best part about this ride is the queue. It's incredible. You are actually exploring and walking through Hogwarts Castle. Um it is so cool. We do need a locker for this one. For most rides that require a locker, if you have a hip pack, like a fanny pack, you can keep that on. Um, but if you have a bag like I do, big bag that goes across your shoulders. You have to leave it in a locker. But no biggie, they're free. They last for the duration of your ride and you just use your park ticket to get into them. So, I'm going to grab a locker. When you enter the queue, you'll find yourself down in some of the lower floors of Hogwarts. You'll see the pipes that the bassilisk slithered through. Well, more important is the mirror of Verzette. [music] It's over here. You do head outside for a bit and into sort of the edge of the green houses. I would say it's the same ride system as the new Dark Universe Monsters Unchained attraction, which similarly uh does not get as long waits as other rides in the park because it can move so many people through so quickly. And then once we get inside, we're going to see some more recognizable stuff. The Hogwarts statue featuring the emblems of all four houses. Griffin is winning the house cup. Of course, it's cuz Dumbledore is biased. Portraits of the founders having a conversation in here. Listen, I don't claim SS are Slytherin. Exactly. was the last your house horrible the pensive which fans will definitely recognize very important in the later books and movies. Um, excuse me. We reckon we should warn you. If you stay much longer, you'll find yourself listening to Professor Bins go on about the history of Hogwarts, which should be pointed out is rather fascinating. Entrance to the Gryffindor common room. some newspapers with some moving pictures and then Gryffindor common rooms. Please use the seat back. And final little detail as we head to the room of requirement is none other than the sorting hat. And now I am going to see a quiddage game and hopefully not get motion sick. I noticed a couple things for the first time today. Um, for one, I guess I never pieced together that you actually are boarding the vehicles in the room requirement, which could happen theoretically in the books because the room requirement is whatever it needs to be. So, if it needs to be a fun ride for muggles, it could be. Also, you travel via flu powder, which I knew, but that isn't flu powder doesn't work in Hogwarts. So, that's a plot hole. There's a number of plot holes, actually. But that's okay. We're here for a good time, not an accurate one. Um, some new merch in here. I love looking at the Wizarding World merch. I mean, in general, Universal merch is awesome. When I first moved here, I had way, way more of an issue uh with my wallet at Universal than I did at Disney um because Universal's merch game is pretty strong. I like the gloves that can also be mittens. I live in Orlando, though. And you can see some things from the film Skeleiggrow, which is what uh Adam Humphrey has to use to regrow Harry's bones when Lockhart accidentally removes them. There's some of the brooms from the film, of course. And then all in the ceiling, lots of confiscated items, including a Quibbler right there. There's also some boxes from Weasley Wizard Wheezes, which you can now visit over at Universal Studios. Perhaps the best thing that Phil has confiscated is none other than the Marauders map. Now, what are we doing? Say it with me. We're not forgetting our stuff at the locker. That's right. We are not. We're going to get it. If you do forget your stuff, it's no biggie. The lockers are free while you ride. And then um it's like $5 per 30 minutes up to a $25 maximum or something. I think it might be like 2 or 3 hours is the while you ride window. Also, as you could probably tell because I vlogged the entire queue, that ride was a walk-on. I literally was the only person in my ride vehicle, too. So, I'm upset because I left my wand at home. And one of our reporters just dropped off the generation 2 wands that can do the new wand adventures. And I didn't bring that one either. So, that is in a video to come for sure. I did get my notification that Hagrids is down at a 90minute wait. I am super debating. It's a risk because it could go lower, but also this could be the lowest it goes all day. I did want to go look at the fight of the hypocrite line with my eyes. I just wanted to take a glance because this wait time is notoriously inaccurate and it says 75 minutes right now. I don't think this line can even fit 75 minutes worth of people. But I'm just taking a gander. Um especially because I don't consider this ride a must do. There's no way this is 75. Well, it goes all the way back there. Beware. Maybe 45. Still too long for it. It goes surprisingly high and surprisingly fast, but it is short. I'll tell you right now, if you wait 75 minutes for it, you're going to be disappointed. Later in the day, hopefully, we'll see a drop. So, we get to go see Buck Peak. 90 minutes for Hagrids. I've decided that we're going to go ahead and do it. It'll be our only wait that's long today. Everything else I'm going to try to keep super short. So, I'm going to go ahead and do the 90-minute hagrids, but I'm going to get a provision for the line. I am going to head to the Hogs Head. This is uh the pub owned by Dumbledore's brother, Aberforth. You can get butterbeer. You can get a lot of the wizarding drinks here. You can also get the wizarding exclusive beers. And they do even have some cocktails. Um they're on the secret menu. I'm going to see if they have one of the secret menu cocktails. Your younger today. I was like, I want to try one of these secret cocktails. So, I asked the bartender. I said, I'm looking for something with vodka. Maybe a cocktail. That's kind of fun. And he said, "We have a vodka and pear cider cocktail." It's one of our themed drinks. Vodka cider. Yes, please. This is vodka and pear cider garnished with a lemon and a cherry. Kicked them outside. And I'll be honest, it is so good. I also noticed that it wasn't that expensive. Um, for a single it was like around like $14. And then I think he said for a double it was going to be 17 something. So obviously that's really expensive for a cocktail when not in a theme park and not a specially themed cocktail. And also you can't find this on any menus. This is great though. I am wandering really quick into a Lost Continent because I need a Coca-Cola freestyle machine. Which brings me to my next big tip. This is a refillable universal Coca-Cola freestyle cup. Obviously, this is the one I got at Epic Universe, but you can find them here at pretty much any restaurant or walk up um like snack stand. And then when you buy them for a day, you can reactivate them on another day. So, they never expire. And to reactivate, I just reactivated this one for about $13. And I get unlimited Coca-Cola Freestyle refills all day, including ices. What? Yeah. I used to never do this because I'm not a big soda drinker, but then I realized they have Power Aid in these machines and that has changed things for me. I'm getting water right now because [clears throat] um I would like that to accompany my hair dazzle. They have obviously lots of different options. The Coca-Cola Freestyle and the Coca-Cola Freestyles are everywhere. Now, you don't need a refillable cup to be able to get water. If you want a little water, just come and fill whatever cup you have. The water will not cut you off. Hey you guys, what's Sprite Chill? What is that? I've never heard of that before. Well, I'm now nervous I'm going to have to go to the bathroom if I get in this line. I should have done that before getting the new drink. I don't have anyone with me to be able to watch this drink while I go in the bathroom. I'm certainly not taking in the bathroom. This is a conundrum. H I've decided I'll fight that battle when I come to it. I'm going to get in line. Um I do have to swing by the lockers to drop off my stuff first. Um I also just noticed, look at the bottom. It's Fang in the like marquee. How cute is that? Okay, I'm going to be honest. This is not looking like a 90 minute to me. I don't think we're going to do this because this looks very much not like a 90. Oh yeah, look at that. So, it's 130 now. No, we're not doing 130. We want 90 or lower. Or we're going to go very last minute of the park day. Those are the two options. But we're pivoting. We're pivoting. Do I want to go towards Jurassic or do I want to go towards Lost Continent? Let's go towards Jurassic. I wanted to point out they are doing posed photos with the Bobbitons and Durmstring students as well as the Hogwarts students. Again, they have not been doing that for quite a while. That's an update. That's exciting. And I'm going to set a new wait time alert for um Hagrids. We're going to spend a bit more time in Lost Continent later, but for now, I do hear something I really wanted to catch, which is the mystic fountain, who is a talking fountain. You're welcome. Congratulations. It's amazing. Hello there. Hi. How are you? I'm awesome, thank you. Good. Me, too. I'm the president of the office club. Really? Yeah. I found a new club. Can I join? Absolutely. Oh, cool. Then I'm in that I'm into I'll be treasurer. You want to be treasurer? Yeah. Or secretary. Okay. Why do you want that that job? I don't know. No, it just sounds important. Oh, okay. Do you think you fair enough? So, I'll see you at the club meeting then. Absolutely. Right here, I'm guessing. Yeah. Yeah. See you here. Hope so. I think I'm going to cross over to Jurassic Park now that I've talked to a fountain. King Julian is saying hi to some peeps over there. I had a crazy experience with King Julian here one time. It was I think my first visit to Universal Studios after it reopened for after CO and um I was walking through Lost Continent. There was not a soul in sight. No one. It was so empty. The theme parks were so weird in 2020 and not a soul in sight. I'm walking through Lost Continent and Kane Julian is there with about six backup dancers, all of them socially distanced and they were dancing to Despacito and no one was wa like there was no one to watch. It was just me and King Julian and six backup dancers and Despacito playing. It was like an alternate universe. Now, Islands Adventure is shaped like a big circle. So, I'm popping back and forth between two lands that are next to each other. But as I keep moving, we're not going to be doing as much zigzagging between lands because across the whole park is a big walk in this park. Um, so we want to stay sort of in one area. If you miss Dino Land USA or in Disney World, they've got Dino themed carnival games here still. Um, now I do want to recommend if you now because of that we're going to be kind of eating where convenient, not necessarily at the best spots. But, uh, if you are looking for a good meal and you happen to be in Jurassic Park, head to the Burger Digs. Really good burgers, um, including some specialty burgers that are pretty awesome. Um, and large portions, so again, maybe sharable. All right. Now, Jurassic Park River Adventure would definitely be my next stop. great time to do it as well during the day because it's a hotter part of the day and it is a water ride. [snorts] Unfortunately, it's closed for refurbishment right now, so I can't ride it. Um, but it is a super fun ride. It is a splashdown water ride. It typically is closed in the winter because that is when you do maintenance on water rides, but uh you can get wet on this. I have gotten like my jeans entirely soaked and I've also come off almost completely dry. So, it is a bit of a gamble. I usually take the gamble cuz it is such a fun ride. You are headed into Jurassic Park on a riverboat ride to see the dinosaurs. And in true Jurassic Park fashion, the dinos then find yourself um running from a variety of dinos in some pretty intense situations. It's very fun. Um and I do wish we could do it today. Instead, I'm looking at merchandise. I want one of these cup sleeves for my um refillable cup, but I don't know that that's the one I want. I wish this was half that price because I would get it for my dad's birthday. In fact, Camp Jurassic also closed. That is something to keep in mind if you are coming during the off season, which is winter pretty much uh after the holidays through before spring break. So, pretty much January and February, that is when all the theme parks, Disney, Universal, that's when they do their heaviest construction and refurbishments. That's when they'll close the most things. So, lot is closed at Islands of [clears throat] Adventure today. Honestly, I mean, between the train, Jurassic Park River Adventure, even the little play area, um, just a good amount is just not available. You should always check refurbishment dates before you book a trip and as you're leading up to it just to make sure that something is a total musto for your kid or you is not unavailable when you're there. I was going to go get in line for school island reign of Kong. That is still the plan, but it's currently delayed. It's just like broken for a minute. Hopefully they fix it soon. So, my plan is I'm going to sit here and drink my drink, which I didn't have time to do in Hagrid's line because we were not waiting in that, which by the way, it is now 170 minutes back almost [music] to the highest it was. So, thank goodness we didn't get in that 90-minute line and stay there. Um cuz it definitely would not have been 90 minutes. Skull Island Rain of Kong does get really long waits and if I can catch it right when it comes up, we could walk right on it. So, I'm going to give it, you know, how long do I 20 minutes of sitting here chilling? All right, it reopened after only 10 minutes and it's only a 15-minute posted. For record, I believe this morning it was like 4550 an hour um after the lines picked up. So 15 is really not [music] too shabby. So for most attractions, you can bring your drink in line. You just have to finish it before you get on the ride. And there are trash cans, which is good because I'm still not done with this. The queue for Skull Island Reign of Kong is pretty cool. Um it's like a spooky temple with skulls and such. [music] There's a single rider line. I didn't know that. I'm going to go through the regular queue though cuz it's such a short wait. But I bet you you can get on pretty quick on this ride with single rider. Immediate regret. It's so scary in here. I can't see. Okay. Nice. A lot of skulls. All right. So, when this first opened, they had live actors in the queue who would jump out and scare you. Horrifying noises coming from the That scared me so bad. Oh man. See, now there's other people and I'm cool. Really great animatronic in here. I just heard a dad do a loud scary laugh. I don't know if it was a dad, but I feel like that's just so dadcoded. Even if he's not a dad, he's a dad in that moment. Bodies. Honestly, this is scarier than like some Halloween horror nights houses. Perfect. A little line for me to drink my drink in. I only waited 10 minutes, which is great for that [music] ride. Um, that is a bus/motion simulator ride. Um, it's not a lot of movement. You'll notice you don't have a lap bar or no seat belt or anything. You're just sitting. There's not actually a lot of movement happening, but it does feel like a lot of movement and it feels a lot more intense even though there's not a lot of intense movement. Um, pretty intense visuals. Uh, there's a part where like King Kong is getting into it with a T-Rex and it's graphic. um scary stuff getting hacked up and gore flying at the cars. Um there's a big fall. So, I definitely think this one could be scarier um for little ones or just if you're more [music] averse to that kind of thing. Uh the whole ride is worth it just to see the King Kong animatronic [music] at the end. It's just it does get really long waits and it's not worth a really long wait in my opinion. So, I would try to stick to a [music] 30 minutes or less for this. Jurassic World is now proud to present the Mongol Lions, known to the world as Velocal Raptor. [screaming] Okay, Bravo, young lady. I thought we were going to calm down. CAN WE CALM DOWN, PLEASE? BRAVO, don't you even think about it. Leave it. Leave it. Young lady, right now you're up here in a tent. I need you down here with me at a sensible four. Can we do that, please? Let's calm down. Let's calm down. Good girl. We're going to stay calm and we're going to focus. Focus. This is literally me with my dog. Good girl. Bravo. Are we ready? [music] Okay, let's do it. All right, my first guess. How many do we have? If we could local, we're doing photos and a video. For the video, can you wave? Yeah. Uh, small problem here. Sometimes when people come up by themselves, Bravo thinks that you're like challenging her, which is bad. You're going to want to move quickly, please. All right, I got to meet Bravo. It's a little bit of a scary meet and greet because the dinosaur dinosaurs are scary. Um, but it's a very cool meet and greet. So, if you can handle the scary, definitely do it. The wait times really aren't bad. Um, even when that line is full, it's like 30 minutes to meet it. So, um, and honestly, like I really do think that's worth doing. It's [music] such a unique experience for me. I waited only 15, which was great. For now, we head on to Tune Lagoon. We're here. I am not sure if I'm going to ride anything here. Honestly, I love water rides. Both rides here are water rides, and they are both great water rides. One of them is Dudley Durites Ripaw Falls, which is this giant log lift style ride. Uh, it is taller than Tiana's Bayou Adventure. That drop is scary, I'll tell you. And you [music] do get soaked, but you get even more wet over on Popeye and Pluto's build barges just next door. Um, where you get wetter than you get in the shower. I really don't know what's possible. You could jump in a pool and then get out and you would come out wetter. I'll pop by the dry bar. You definitely get soaked on this. You can see all this water duct spray. It is warm enough to ride a water ride, which is why I was on the fence because it's a comfortable water ride temperature ride. However, I'm going to show you the reason I've decided not to. I'm in jeans. You cannot ride a water ride in jeans. Jord, [music] sure. Denim Bier, sure. Not jeans. So, I'm skipping it today. Um, but I'll tell you a little bit of tips about riding both of these water rides. For one, obviously, they are going to have shorter rides in the morning and in the evening. Um, particularly in the winter, they can be pretty much walk-ons. Uh, when it's colder, obviously, it's then colder. Not a great time to get on a water ride, but you know, you pick your poison. In the middle of the day, they're going to get very long waits, but Dudley D rides has a great single rider line. If you're willing and able to split up your party, which you don't get to ride next to your family anyway. You just all ride in the same log usually. But if you're willing and able to split up your party, a single rider line can knock a ton of time off of your weight for double d rides for softballs. So, make sure to ask a team member about that when you get up to the ride entrance. Shagon is interesting. It feels very dated because it is old school like newspaper cartoons, old school TV cartoons. Dudley Durite is based on Dudley Durite, the Canadian Mounty. But I definitely recommend checking out the tester seat. It's right here. Um, it is difficult to ride in this ride. Uh, depending on sort of your body type. For me, I physically um got stuck in the front seat. I can ride in the other seats just fine cuz you can straighten your legs more, but um I'm tall. I'm not even that tall. I'm 5' 9" or 10. And I was in that front seat and I physically couldn't get out of the front seat without help, which was super fun, especially because the person who helped me was a teenage boy. So, I ask not to be in the front anymore. Not because I don't like getting wet, but because I literally can't get out of the seat. Private tester seat. Um, otherwise, Tagon mostly has some fun photo ops that don't make a ton of sense anymore um to a lot of kids because kids don't remember Hagar the Horrible or Flash Gordon. If you only want to ride one water ride and you're between the two of them, my personal favorite is Papa and Pluto's Brack Barges. It is a heavily themed raft ride. Um, and it is so much fun. It's so surprising. I often talk about how the raft ride at Disney Cali River Rapids is a disappointment. Um, one of the reasons it's such a disappointment is because Popey and Blueos is so much fun. So, um, you can definitely do Popey and Blueos. Honestly, don't wait more than half an hour for them, but they are so much fun. Ah, so sorry to interrupt. Uh, but clearly if you're this far into this video, you are looking to unlock those niche secrets, very pro tips. You're probably already down with the basics. You know the transportation. You know Lightning Lane. Or maybe you're new here, but you're also cool with the euge. I get it. I get it. You know the basics. But what takes someone from being your everyday guest to leveling up to being like a real true Disney expert? You don't have to write everything in one day. I'll tell you that much. It's really just knowing the kind of quirky, niche, oddly specific tips. And for that reason, our team has painstakingly created definitive guides to having a perfect day in Disney World and they're free. For more help planning your perfect day in Islands of Adventure, you can get our free guide by heading to all earers.net/perfect day universal or scan the QR code on your screen. They're helpful. Chin Lagoon is also a great place for um kiddos to get some energy out because back in the back there's this play area called Mi Ship the Olive. Should we explore it? I think yes. Oh, a slide. I'm not going down that. You see how small that is? That is for children. [music] Okay, fine. Oh, there's a couple sides. That one's bigger. Oh, it is closed. I was going to say I'll go down that one. [music] Can of spinach spotted. [music] This reminds me of like Mickey and Minnie's house in Toontown Disneyland or Toontown Fair background within Disney World. Check out the views. Let's see how soaked some people are. Wow. See what I'm saying? It looks like they jumped in a pool fully closed. Also, there's um water guns up here that people are shooting them with. My jeans would be decimated. I would be in a horrific mood for the rest of the day. Oh, it's the oil room and a little place for little kiddos with little little ship stuff. Cute. [music] This dude's got a lot of spinach, I'll tell you. Anyway, this is super cute and super fun. I wish more of it was open. Um, and I've never explored it because the hours are always uh it closes at 7:00 today. Uh, sometimes it opens a bit late. So, if you want to see that play area, make sure to go check it out. I do think I'm getting in lunch territory. I do not like blondies. I don't recommend going there. It's like sandwiches that are very mid. Moving on to Marvel Superhero Island. going to be doing a lot of rides here. There's a restaurant here. One, it's got weird hours, so you might not catch it. And two, the food can be quite inconsistent. All of it is going to be kind of fine where there are a couple of things that I really like and really enjoy that I want to try to hit. Yeah. Oh, but great weight times here. Okay, Hulk is only 5 minutes. Heck yes. What a good time to come to the Marvel Superhero Island. Let's go see the menu at the diner. See if anything catches our eye. I think it's pretty basic like chicken and burgers. It is Captain America's diner after all. I don't know that he has the most variable taste. They do have a Coca-Cola freestyle and I'm out of water. So, I think it's Power Raid time. Hot honey chicken sandwich. Well, yeah, it's kind of basic. They've got a pork barbecue burger, hot honey chicken sandwich. Then everything else is like chicken or burgers. They do have shakes. I was just thinking outside they need shakes. And they have apple pie, which is cool. But I'm just going to grab my Coca-Cola freestyle refill. Something uh fun that we do on the channel is we play hide and seek. I am so hiding here. Fry, if you're watching this, don't remember that because next time we do an Islands of Adventure hideand-seek. I am so hiding on this patio behind the diner in Marvel Superhero Island. You would never find me probably. I highly recommend sort of exploring, boppinging around in Islands of Adventure. There are lots of little details. Uh, Marvel Super Island has a ton of them, like this, the Ultranet. To access, please press the black button. Attention all super villains. We have a Wolverine sighting near the Daily Bugle building. Be on the lookout for this heavy crime fighting freak. And if you must break the law in this area at this time, watch your back. Let's be careful out there, folks. That's all. Very helpful announcement because I was planning on breaking the law, but Wolverine's about by the Daily Bugle, I think he said. So, I shouldn't break the law because Wolverine might get me. It's only a 15-minute wait for The Amazing Adventures of Spider-Man. In the morning, this area was slammed. Hulk was an hour. Spider-Man was 50 minutes. Now dead because we are right back near that front entrance. So, everybody has now moved towards the back of the park. Some areas like Harry Potter World stay busy all day long. Nothing to be done about it. Um, and some areas really follow people's walking patterns. Um, I guess I'm walking back here, I can go ahead and do Dr. Doom's fearfall. This is a blast, honestly. Um, it looks like it's a drop tower, but it's less of a drop tower and it's more of a [music] shoot you up really fast and then slowly bring you down. It is very surprising, very thrilling, and definitely intense if you are scared of heights. Um, but I'm gonna ride it. It's only a 15-minute wait, which is pretty much a walk-on. Honestly, I like Dr. Doom, so he can harvest some my fear if he wants. That ride is a lot. I'm always super nervous about it because like it looks so scary and then the shoot up really will spike your adrenaline, but on your way back down it's almost like a peaceful view of all of Universal. It's really cool. I wish I could take my camera on it to show you guys the view, but I can't. So, just imagine it. That only took me like 10 minutes. Okay, I think I'm going to go ahead and hop in line for uh The Amazing Adventure of Spider-Man. Only a 15-minute wait. It's hard to pass after that. So, I definitely want to go ahead and knock that out. All right, this ride you can keep your stuff with you. No lockers. Um if the queue is This ride is worth the longer wait. I would say 30 to 45 minute wait. Um and on a busy day, I would wait even longer for this. It's certainly a must do. You have been hired at the Daily Bugle. I think you're an intern. um which is actually something that I'm familiar with. You'll see a lot of iconic Spider-Man buildings. Um it is a motion simulator attraction. I think it is super fun. I think it was way ahead of its time on an immersion standpoint and it still remains one of the coolest rides at Universal today. So definitely a must do. Such a good ride. Definitely one of my favorite here. Um I love it deeply. He lets you out of course exit through a retail in this case Spider-Man retail. All right, it's Hulk time, baby. I think this roller coaster is more intense than Veloca Coaster. Uh it's uh maybe they're equal. This one you are just uh you do actually have the over your head lock in bars. Basically, the plot of it is that you have been injected with the Hulk serum and when you launch out of the lift hill straight into a corkcrew, that's you hulking out. kind of a brutal one if you're more sensitive to roller coasters like I am, but I actually think this roller coaster is fun enough that I do it anyway. The metal detectors are right at the beginning of the queue for this ride. The lockers are located outside of the queue. This one is like veloci. Nothing in your pockets. Nothing metal, that's for [music] sure. So, uh I am going to head to the lockers, put up my bag and you guys and see you after. And I'm leaving my glasses because, [music] as you guys might know, a Universal Coaster took my prescription glasses one time over at Epic. So, I will be leaving my glasses. [music] I'll see you guys after. [music] [music] Heat. HEAT. [music] [music] [music] I'll be honest with you, that did give me a headache. It was kind of worth it. It's really fun. It's just really intense. It's a lot of positive G-forces. [music] Um, if you're the kind of like gray out on roller coasters, you will. Uh, so it's just a lot. But I think I this isn't a must do, but we have so much time in the day it feels like that I think that we should do Storm Forest Accelron behind me, which is basically superhero teacups. Might as well do it. Something that's definitely true about Islands of Adventure is it's a really big park, but there aren't a ton a ton of rides. Um, and what's really notable is that there's no like sit down shows, which means that if lines are short, which they have been, you know, summer short, summer long today, you can get through this park pretty easily. I think the ideal would be to give yourself a day for each park at Universal, but also give yourself the park hopper ticket so that you can like if you're bored out of Metro, you can go back over to Studios or go over to Epic. I think that you can be happy at Universal with two days um one day for Epic and two days for both of the other parks. But keep in mind, you might miss out on some awesome stuff uh if you do that. So, just make sure that you don't have a million priorities if you're going to do that. Anyway, I got distracted. Let's go ride Storm Force Excelron. All right, Storm Force Check. That is uh every ride in Marvel Super Island in almost no time. Again, those lines were so long earlier this morning, but everybody's moved deeper into the park now, and these lines are shorter. So, moving against the crowd is a big asset. Hey, Wolverine. Well, you must be a Weasley. Yeah, it's the hair. I've been hanging out in the wizarding world. Might as well embrace it. Yeah. What do you want? I just I I have a lot of friends who uh would love to say hi to you in here, so I just brought them over to say hi. Okay. Yeah, there you go. Got it. See you. It's not exactly the most personable. You can always ask team members in the area of wherever you want to be characters because there are characters that come out in Marvel Superhero Landing for meet and greed. Seuss has characters. On rare occasions you can see a baby dino and some dino trainers in Jurassic World. And then um there's of course the students that we saw from DRA from Hogwarts in Wizarding World. All right, port of entry with Jurassic World, Toon Lagoon, and Marvel Superhero Islands complete. [music] Uh, we only have Seuss Landing, which has a lot of rides that we're going to hit up, as well as any fun little things we want to do in Lost Continent, but that shouldn't take us long. And then finishing up the Wizarding World. But I do want to quickly pop into Port of Entry Trading Company. This is the biggest store in Islands of Adventure. It's actually my favorite store to shop in at either of the two North Campus Universal Parks. Look at the Alphaba and Glenda plushes. Those are so cute. They have tons of Wicked merch. Um, but this store has sections for all of the different like Universal IP. You can get wands in here, which is great because the wand shop in the Wizarding World gets so so crowded. Same thing with like just wizarding merch in general. It's obviously a lot chiller in here. If you're staying in a Universal Hotel, you can get package delivery. I like kind of want a plush of one of Dragon and Donkey's kids. Do you think they're going to be able to talk? It could go either way, right? Cuz Dragon doesn't talk, but Donkey does. So, it's like witch voice box. And Donkey, I guess, is a magical talking donkey. Like, there aren't other talking donkeys. It's like a crux of why the old woman is trying to get rid of him, cuz he's a magical creature. Granted, Oshi, that's kind of irrelevant. Anyway, do you think the kids are going to talk? I feel like No, hard to say. You obviously won't find like all merch from everywhere in here, but it is a great sort of one-stop shop if you're not a big like shopper to check out sort of the biggest pieces of merch from everywhere. My gosh, it's um I don't remember his name, but the little mouse. It's the Simpsons Jerry. And Port of Entry in general is kind of just about food, shopping, and guest services. Actually, there's a candy store, which I'm walking towards. I'm not meaning to be walking towards it, but it's too late now. I guess we're sending it and going in the candy store. Oo, that's a cool sweatshirt. That's dope. Look at the sleeve. I love Scooby-Doo, man. Um, there's also a Christmas store up here. So, if you're uh the kind of person who shops for Christmas ornaments year round, you can do that here. Look at little Cindy Louu. That's so cute. I got to tell you, if you guys are coming here for Christmas, you are in for a treat. Christmas at Universal is so much fun. And I especially do love it at Islands of Adventure because there's really fun stuff going on in Hogsme and particularly Merry Grinch happens in the Seuss land. Christmas is a great time to come to Universal. You can check out my full video of our Universal holidays last year if that's something you're considering. See, it might be worth it. It obviously does give you more stuff to do, which might make it a little harder to get through everything you wanted to. So, here is what I'm thinking for dinner, which will be backtracking, but I think worth it. Confiscoco Grill right on the right. I haven't decided yet. I'm typically kind of a quick service queen at Universal because the quick service food is pretty good and it doesn't take up a ton of your day. For now, I think we get silly. I think we get susicle. And I think we start that by having a smaller lunch since we might have a bigger dinner at Green Eggs and Ham. This is actually, funnily enough, my favorite spot to eat in Islands of Adventure because it is a giant green ham. That's not why, but I did love Green Eggs and Ham the book as a kid. And uh this place is loaded tater tots. Tots acquired. Loaded with green eggs, ham, and white cheese sauce. The white cheese sauce is really what I'm here for. They're big tots. Look at this. It's still good. The tots somehow don't get soggy and they turn the eggs green. They're not like food dye green. They're like herb green, which I love because I don't need to eat more food dye for no reason. But I do want green eggs. So, I love that they've done that. Um, this is a perfect lunch for me a lot of time or breakfast. And they have a couple other great ones like cheeseburger pizza. They had a buffalo, I think, and the huash, which I love. It tastes good. It looks good. I just recommend this spot. You're definitely going to want one of these to yourself, though, because I'm going to devour this. Okay, here's the plan. I don't want to miss seeing at least one of the two wizarding shows. The last ones are at 4 and 4:30. I'm going to start doing stuff in Seuss, and then I might take a break to go zigzag and catch one of those shows real quick before coming back and doing more Seuss if we're not done with Seuss. I did make a Go Grill reservation on my phone. All you do is you go to the restaurants web page and then if you scroll, you'll see reservations pretty close to the top. Um, there were tons of reservations available today, both for my party size of one, but also for bigger party sizes. Um, if you really want to lock in something or if you're going to like Mythos maybe or something in CityWalk, make your reservations a couple of days in advance at least, maybe a week or more. If it's last minute, you should be able to get reservations unless it's a super slammed time. And that just means I won't have the stress when I do get to Confiscoco having to like maybe wait 30 minutes [music] because I've decided to do prime dinner time of 6 PM. Now I have a reservation. I'm gonna be cool in it, chilling, confiscoing. You know, I am going to ride the Cat in the Hat ride despite finding it terrifying. Um mostly because it's really hot out and that ride is air conditioned. Seuss in general great for kids obviously bright, colorful, cartoonish, strange animals. Uh this area, if I ran the zoo, very fun little activity and play area for kids. And then kind of all around there's just little places you can explore. Um if you go in this courtyard that has both a big and a small door. I'm going to go through the small door despite it being too small for me. You'll find this egg from Horton. Here's a who? Well, actually this is from Horton hatches an egg. It's the egg that Horton sits on and you can sit on the egg and it's a really cute picture. Don't worry, got it handled. I'll keep a tush on this egg. Well, not for long, though, cuz I have to go ride Cat in the Hat. The Cat in the Hat is a dark ride that I do think your kids will love, but you as an adult might find scary just because it is a little bit unhinged. Thing one and thing two, pretty scary. Cat in the Hat himself, pretty scary. The general idea of a giant cat breaking into your house and then causing a ruckus, scary. I one time got trapped on this ride and they had to get a tech to come let me out of it. That hasn't happened to anybody else. It was just me. But I'm going to go sit on a couch and I guess be scared by the Cat in the Hat. I don't know why that has to be that scary. I always think I'm overreacting, but I'm not. It starts normal and like Cat in the Hattie and stuff and then there's like a whole trippy part in the middle where the things throw a piano at you and you can't see anything. It's dark and so it's flying around in neon and then the next thing you see it starts to resolve and the Cat in the Hat is in the back and it's scary. I am going to ride One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Bluefish because this is actually outside of nostalgia and historic [music] stuff with Dumbo. Probably my favorite Dumbo style attraction at the Orlando theme parks because there's a little game you play while you're on this one. Basically, how when you're in your fish, you can control it to go up and down. And there's a rhyme that plays that if you listen to it and you follow the instructions on the rhyme, you will not get squirted by one of these squirter guys. But you have to know what your fish color is and you have to follow the instructions for your fish color. I didn't get a yellow fish, but I did stay dry because I followed the rhyme and got lucky at the end. I got a little like hit in the arm, but nothing too bad. Even if you get hit every single time on that ride, you're not going to end up soaked. You're going to end up like spritzed. If I'm wise, I should cruise over and go catch that uh Potter show. I'm going to quickly go do that cuz I want to make sure that I catch one of them. And I think now is the time to do it just to go ahead and be safe about it. I missed the notification, but Hagrids is below 90 minutes is only 80 right now, which I might do. So, I could do that last minute of the park day, but a lot of folks do that and sometimes that can mean waiting a super long time because we've gotten through so much. If I could do that now, it could mean I could make it off of Hagrids before dinner, which would be awesome. All [music] [music] right, it popped up to 95. You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to I'm going to switch things up. I'm going to do all of and then do Hagrids. Unless it goes higher. 95 is just so iffy. It could be that it's on its way up or it could be that it's just on a little pop up to go back down. And my 90 is my goal. So I could always ride it at the end of the day. So I'm going to do Ollivanders and then uh I will pop back for Hagrids maybe or we'll head on to Seuss. Here at Allanders, only the finest elements are used for our ones and only a few particular types of wood are of one quality. [clears throat] What is your name? Francesca. Francesca. Yes, of course. I was wondering when I might see you. Please come into the light so that I may see you more clearly. Right here. Oh, yes. That's it. Very good. Oh, no. No, no, no. Interesting. Not quite what I had in mind, but very interesting. Descend. Yes, that's it. Very good. Oh. Oh my. No, that's not it at all, is it? That's all right. You're doing very well. We are getting closer. Repar. Very good. Okay. The Ollivander show is incredible. You really do have to see it. Only one person gets selected. I've never been picked and I still think it's worth it every time. It's also a little different every time because magic's being cast, baby. unpredictable. Okay, the wait time is 95 minutes. Unfortunately, [music] though, I would consider that it would put us too close to our dining time. So, I'm going to do is actually work my way towards the restaurant now. closing finishing up Lost Continent and uh Seuss and then we'll eat because then as soon as we're finished eating we can just motor straight to um Hagrids and make sure that we're getting on it in that last like you know hour 30 minutes of the day. It'll be the last thing we do. Perfect finale. Lost continent I think I mentioned earlier uh doesn't have a whole lot going on at this time. You can get a psychic reading. We do hint tattoos. You can buy like incense and crystals and stuff like that. um in this store. My favorite stores are the other two. I'm headed to the All Hallow's Eve store, which is Universal's yearround um Halloween store. And they do kind of other seasonal stuff. So, you can see that there's this Marty GR guy. He's a beignet, but I thought he was butter. The rest of the store is always spooky, scary Halloween stuff. Oh my gosh. What am I supposed to do about this? Look at Dracula and his bride dancing. So yeah, there's always Halloween stuff in here. Some of it is Universal merch, some of it is like other spooky non-universal merch. That's creepy. The creepy Christmas merch. [music] I love Halloween, but leave Christmas alone. Then there's a store over here that is uh used to be more of like a medieval store, but they've changed out to be How to Train Your Dragon since How to Train Your Dragon is now represented over at Epic. So, it's definitely more junior dragon focused than just like generic medieval. Yeah. Otherwise, Last Continent just doesn't have a lot going on. I mean, odds are it's on its way out. Um, there's mythos in the food, of course, but the big like landmark attraction in this land was called Poseidon's Fury and it was a show, but it's been closed for a good while now. So, I think chances are high that this will be getting a little bit of a rethe. Some uh rumors and theories online are that it could be home to Pokemon. It could be home to Legend of Zelda. Uh I think Legend of Zelda would be an easy shift here. But we'll keep you updated here on All Ears. And if you want the real time updates, you can follow us on social at all.net. Uh we just got a couple more Seuss rides to knock out. Maybe catch the Seuss story time, too. The very last tulent tree of them all. But there's good news, my friends. All right, I'm going to hop on the high in the sky Seuss trolley train ride. It is this track up all above Seuss Landing, and it takes you over all of the uh restaurants and stores and stuff, and all of them have stuff on the roof to look at, but there are different story lines you can get on this ride. I think there might be three different audio narrations that the ride will give you. So, honestly, if it's slow, it might even be worth a ride to try to catch one of the different stories. Regardless, the ride is super cute, and I think it's kind of akin to this park's people mover. The queue, though, outdoors, so it can get toasty, is pretty fun because it's like these like warpy walkways that go all the way up to the loading platform with this big old thingab in the middle. Carousel. Um, I love this carousel. Fun [music] fact, despite the fact that it is a very impractical carousel because the some of the seats are very small. Granted, as an adult, I should sit on the big seats, but I don't uh because the small seats are funnier. And actually, the main reason I don't sit on the small seats [music] is because um when I was a little kid and my family came to Universal Studios, my dad sat on the tiny pink elephant. And I thought that was so funny. And for like my whole every ever since after that in my childhood bedroom, there was a framed picture of my dad on that tiny pink Dr. Seuss elephant that I thought was so funny. Look how it's like that thing spotting water makes it look like it's raining just right there. Um, so I like to ride on the tiny pink elephant and that is what I intend to do, but it is not comfortable. But look how cute and fun this carousel is. Keep your eyes peeled for a pink elephant, kids. Now hold on to those yellow poles. Once again, friends, everybody needs a seat belt. I gave you all your very own. I see one. Woo! I almost tripped. Yeah, keras. That's a verb. You know what? Doctor made up words all the time. So can I. It's time for dinner. To be honest, we're a little early, but I'm okay with that. I might go through if I ran the zoo and then we'll go to dinner. earlier. I did think it would be fun to go through here. Should I go too near or too far? I'll go too far. Those kids just went too near. Insert camera here for fun picture. Oh, cute. Oh, no. You see, I almost spun this. But look at how wet it is. Nope. Knocking me. That kid just got the water got him. But a big flash play area, which what kid does not love that. There's lots for kids to do in here. I just think certainly worth stepping in if you need kids to burn off some energy. All right, Capisco Grill time. So, this is supposed to be um a bit of a traveler's lodge where they have collected their paraphernelia from different places they've traveled. And as you can see, they've got Sue stuff cuz of course S Landing is nearby. They've been there. Okay. Drink menu and then also food menu. Um as you can see, it's not super expensive, not super cheap. Uh entre are all like 20-ish to $30. So, with some fun appetizers like muscles and a tuna nachos and loaded nachos, some salads and entre. Not a huge menu, but definitely some good looking stuff on here. And I don't know what I want. Cheers. This is so good. I was not expecting this to be that good. This is their mango lassi. So, it's a mango drink made with yogurt. It's got some dried mango on the top. I was not expecting this to actually be good. Mango lassi. It was like a mango milkshake. [music] Okay. Compisco. I'm telling you, Mythtos good. Maybe a little overrated. Compisco. Okay. My fish is here. Which I wasn't going to order this, but I asked the guy what's the best stuff on the menu, and he said two things immediately. Didn't even like think or debate. He had two things. and he was like, "The staff isn't allowed to order these anymore because we were going too crazy on them." Okay, I'm interested. The two things were the grilled Angus beef tasco steak and the herb roasted corvina fillet. Um, I was in more of a fish than a steak mood, so I went with the Corvina fillet. Pan roasted with chimmy cherry marinade, parmesan, spinach orzo salad, baby heirloom tomatoes, and a tangy lemon butter sauce for $29.95. Let's see what the staff is going on about. Uh, by the way, my food came out really fast. My mango lassi is gone. This was so good. I wonder if you can get that at the bar because I will. Moment of truth. I got to tell you, that was way better than I was expecting. And I had a really good meal here last time I was here. I'm not the biggest Universal Table Service fan, but Confiscoco Grill is really doing something. And no one's ever in here. Look at all these empty chairs behind me. Come sit in here. Get this fish. The fish itself is very well cooked and I was skeptical when I first put my fork into it. The reason it wasn't like falling apart is because the outside has this perfect crispy um char on it on the top of the fish and then the inside is falling apart. Skin in general is crispy. It is like edible and crispy and delicious. Honestly, um the fish is well seasoned and then it's perfectly [music] well cooked. But what's making this so incredible is this sauce. This like butter sauce is like rich and buttery and delicious. The orzo is so cheesy with spinach and like black pepperc corns. This is shocking. If you don't have a whole day for just islands of adventure, I still think skip table service because there's good quick service food and it will let you have more time in your day. But honestly, this table service meal would not need to take me a long time. I'm going to get dessert, so it's gonna They had cookie butter cake for dessert. How was I supposed to pass that up? I'm very full. I think this is going to make me feel sick. But cookie butter cake. Come on. This is the kind of thing that's like your elderly neighbor's recipe she's made up and she just makes these and brings them around occasionally and you just look forward to when your elderly neighbor brings her cookie butter cake around. Is that Junice? So the cake box. Hurry, get the door. Dense and moist but not overly dense. It's just like nice and like a fluffy dense. And then you see those layers of cream just like the cookie butter is layered. It's like cookie butter cream is just layered and then it just has straight cookie butter kind of like thicker on the top. A little Islands of Adventure cookie medallion. This is so good. Okay, two things I'm going to find out after we get out of here. Can you get this cake at the Walkup Bakery? And can you get the mango lassi at the bar? Walk up bar. Cuz otherwise everybody's going to have to come in here and get these things. I bring you the the good news and bad news. Bad news is the cookie cake. The cookie butter cake not at the bakery, only at Confiscoco Grill. So if you want the cookie butter cake, you're going to have to sit down for a [music] whole Corvina fish fillet. However, the mango lassi, though not on the menu at Backwater Bar, can be made at Backwater Bar, which is incredible news for me because that was so good. What's wild is I'm not typically a fan of like mango lassi. So maybe it's a bad mango lassi. Or maybe I've had bad mango llosassi. I don't know. Somebody with better knowledge of mango lassi than I should come and try this mango lassi and let me know what you think. I just know that I loved whatever that was and I can get it at Backwater Bar and I will be doing that. Oh man, do I have time to also do a nighttime ride on Highway of the Sky trolley train? I mean technically I do. We are gonna try to get both of the Harry Potter rides I haven't done after this, which I should be able to do because I did just get my push notification that the wait time is dropping on Flight of the Hippogri. I got a different story this time. All right, a nighttime Seuss trolley train ride done. I do have a bit of a pep in my step, as do a lot of people. I'm seeing a lot of people just booking it towards the back of the park for Veloca Coaster and Wizarding World right now. Something we call the theme park run is a good speed walk, wide stride. Uh, keep that pace, but don't run in theme parks. It's not safe for you or for others. So, just don't run. I promise a good speed walk will do you good. And this is coming from someone who's ridden every single ride [music] in Disney World in one day. And uh, I didn't run a single step. As long as we get in line for Hagrids a minute before park closes, we will get to ride provided the ride doesn't go down. I know I keep saying that, but I'm paranoid. So, that's why. 25. That's what I'm talking about. This thing has been like an hour plus all day. I'm so glad I came back over here. Look how good Hogwarts looks at night. Oh, any heavily themed theme park land is worth seeing both day and night. And gosh, this one looks good. Now, at select times of year, there are projections on Hogwarts Castle. Um, the show most often is called Hogwarts Always. There's also a Holidays at Hogwarts one around Christmas. That projection show is very worth seeing. Um, and it does run pretty continuously starting at dusk when it is running. So, when you're booking and choosing your dates, if you want to see the projections on Hogwarts, make sure you're taking a look at when those usually happen because the Universal website does have the schedule for them. I want to show you Buck Beak. He's right there. And you said, "Yeah, I searched it up earlier, too. You asked me." I said, "Yeah." Fly to the book of Dun. Honestly, I liked it a little better at night. One, it's in direct sunlight, so it's helpful for there not to be direct sunlight. And two, the Wizarding World is so pretty at night. We are headed to Hagrids. And guess what? That way time is down. It is down to 50 minutes. So, even though we're still a good bit, like I would say 30 minutes before park close, I think there's a likelihood that there will be a rush of people going to the ride right at park close, um, that might end up with us waiting an extra long time. And I feel good about our everything we did today. I thought I might want to get a dessert, but I got dessert at dinner cuz how was I going to resist that cookie buttercake? So, instead, uh, we're going to do Hagrid's magical creatures motorbike adventure to finish the day out. I can't wait. What a perfect finale. Now, if it's you, go for the bike. I want the bike, but I always ask the person who I'm riding with if they get to ride a lot or if they're local, cuz if they're [laughter] not, I like to give them the bike. There also is a single rider line for Hagrid. And I'm seeing some people who just got off the ride getting back in the single rider line. In the middle of the day, that single rider line crawls. It moves slow. I would just stay with your family. Also, you're pretty much guaranteed to not get the bike in the single rider line. But in the it's if there are people getting off the riding going to get right back on. And that means it's going to be really quick. Even though I'm solo though, I want to show you uh what this day would be like if I were not a single rider. So I'm going to go through um the regular line 15-minute posted weight. Um and we're going to ride and hopefully it's not short. to finish. That ride feels way crazier at night. Something about it being dark makes it feel much faster and also it's easier to see when you go into the Forbidden Forest. Hagrids in general just an awesome ride. It is uh it is a story coaster, so not the most thrilling roller coaster we've been on today, but certainly the most interesting. There are some surprises on it that I will not spoil. What a great way to end the day. Definitely one of my favorite rides ever. But that uh is just about part close. And that is the perfect day at Islands of Adventure. I think we learned a lot of good strategies today, a lot of good tips and tricks, and I had a heck of a good time with you guys. Thank you so much for coming along. If you are still here, please like this video and drop this secret code in the comments so we know you made it all the way. Plus, don't forget to subscribe. We upload perfect days, tips, strategies, and more from Universal and beyond all week because we are serious about fun. I'll see you next time.
