---
video_id: ISvwYUoPUXU
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Why You Should AVOID Disney World This Year (Unless...)"
published: 2026-03-09
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISvwYUoPUXU
---
Disney is known for magic, beauty, attractions, and more. In 2026, though, things are looking a little less than magical in the theme parks. So, today we're breaking down why you should avoid Disney in 2026 and why maybe you should still go. Anyways, update. The dinosaurs are dead. Yes, it's very depressing that Dino Land is officially closed forever. The asteroid has hit and we won't be sneaking back in time with Dr. seeker ever again. Dinosaur officially closed on February 2nd, 2026 and along with it, the ride dinosaur. Now, this closure has been a long time coming and it started in January of 2025 when they slowly started closing the land section by section. We did shed many, many tears and rode dinosaurs as many times as we could before it closed. But there is a reason for the closure. PBLO Espironza, a tropical America's inspired land, will be replacing Dinoand USA with some pretty interesting stuff. The land is getting two major attractions inspired by Enkanto and Indiana Jones. The Encanto ride will take you along with the family Madreal inside the enchanted casita. The ride, which looks to be a boat ride from the very little concept art we've seen so far, will begin just as Antonio has received his special gift and his room becomes a beautiful rainforest. You go explore with him and according to Disney, you never know what member of the family you might bump into. The Indiana Jones ride will feature an allnew story and be different than its Disneyland counterpart. Disney has said the attraction will follow the man with the hat during a time when he has recently discovered a perfectly preserved Mayan temple, and that can only mean one thing. It's time to explore it. He's heard rumors about a mythical creature deep within the temple, and he's got to see it for himself. So, he brings us along on the adventure. But, will there be snakes? We'll just have to wait and see. Hopefully not, cuz I don't like snakes. There's also going to be a beautiful carousel with handcarved creatures, a playground, and one of the largest quick services in all of Disney World. And they better have those rapas or else I'm going to be mad. Until this land comes to fruition, Dino Land is sitting in the tragic section for now. But onto a happier note in Animal Kingdom, new attractions are here. In 2025, Zootopia: Better Zoo opened at the end of the year, so it deserves to fall into the 2026 bucket. This show follows Nick and Judy as Zootopia celebrates Zooter Day. Things start to go haywire, and it's up to the ZPD officers to find out what's wrong. It's very cute, and unlike It's Tough to Be a Bug, which was in the spot previously, it doesn't make kids cry. Also, parents rejoice. Belie is coming to Animal Kingdom in 2026. Blue and Bingo are going to be meeting and greeting in Animal Kingdom in this summer of 2026. The Bluey experience will also feature opportunities to play, dance, and interact with Blueie and Bingo along with elements inspired by Blueie episodes. The affection section and the Wildlife Express train will be temporarily closing on February 23rd as preparations get underway. All of the Bluey experience will be over at Conservation Station. So, the whole place pretty much is going to be closed just for a little bit so that they can get that all ready. Disney also shared that the animation experience at Conservation Station will close on February 23rd, 2026 to make way for the new experience. Our next tragic Aerosmith is gone. They're not dead like the dinosaurs, but they're gone from the Disney parks as of 2026. So, if you didn't know, boys, it's time to pack your bags because Aerosmith has fully been evicted from Hollywood Studios. And there are some good things coming out of it. But in the world of harsh truths and the reasons you might want to consider skipping in 2026, well, Rock and Roller is going to be closed for a time. And that's because Aerosmith is leaving. They're going, and it's so sad. The ride has been open since 1999. It's a real staple at the park. They have so many iconic songs and it's just like a for a lot of people the best ride at Hollywood Studios. Of course, there's rides like Rise of the Resistance and Tower of Terror, but for a lot of people, Rock and Roller Coaster really is that like thrill and excitement that you're searching for when you come to Hollywood Studios. Sadly though, with all of the changes that are going on right now throughout all of Disney World, which you're probably picking up on by now, it has been announced that it is their time to also hit the road. Unfortunately, they officially removed the pre-show back in December 2025, and we've known this was coming for a few months, and they actually announced the imminent closure as well as like the time frame in the same month. So, we've kind of known it was coming, but 2026 is really the end all be all. It's a real stab in the heart. I even worked there. Tom Hamilton, the basist of Aerosmith, actually stopped by not too long ago to kind of like rock out one last time and go see the band, which was really cool because we've not seen them on the ride in frankly a hot minute. So, it might have taken a closure to get them to come say goodbye or at least stop by. Now, the ride is officially closing on March 2nd, 2026. So, if you are going before then, great. But by the time you're watching this, it's probably not the case, which is really sad. Uh, writers are going to have one last chance to really rock out and enjoy the band and all the sights and sounds of Aerosmith. Now, as tragic as this is, there is some magic connected to this moment. Okay, there is some. Now, the magic aspect of this sad closure, which I am sad about, is that the Muppets are back, baby. The Muppets, Kermy, Piggy, all of them are back in 2026 and back in Hollywood Studios. And that is what I'm so thrilled about. I don't know if you guys remember, but I actually cried for months when Muppet Courtyards closed in Hollywood Studios. Yeah, it closed back in June 2025, and I cried a lot over it. Uh, publicly, privately, pretty much anywhere we talked about it, I was crying over Muppet Courtyard because I was so sad. And even at that time, we knew that Muppets were going to be taking over Rock and Roller Coaster, but we weren't really sure of timeline at that point. And frankly, I was a little hesitant because one of the beauties of Muppet Courtyard and Muppet Vision 3D is that anyone could enjoy it. So, I was a little bit disheartened to find out that the Muppets, while they are coming back, were taking over a roller coaster that not everyone can enjoy. That being said, beggars can't be choosers and I am thrilled that they are going to be back in some capacity. So, there is going to be a new story line which is of course very exciting and kind of part of a rethe. And it is time, finally time for Dr. Teeth and the Electric Mayhem to have their biggest concert ever. Um, but it turns out the band is missing. No one can find them. though. Across town though at GeForce Records, you are actually going to be getting like a very cool VIP private tour of this legendary rock and roll recording studio that has recently been purchased by JP Gross. Now, JP Gross just happens to be Scooter's uncle. Do you guys know Scooter? He's the manager of the Muppets. Well, that's his his uncle, and he's very rich. And so, he's purchased GeForce Records. And so the Muppets are fully taking over and the record studio is under new management. Things are going to be looking a little different. Of course, the guitar out front is going to get like a really groovy Reed theme paint job. And even the keyboard down in the front is going to have a little gold piece as kind of like a nod to Dr. Teeth, which is very cool. He's the leader of the band after all. He deserves a nod, I'd say. Disney has already also teased there's going to be new animatronics, which is very exciting because Disney's work with animatronics right now is really hitting. They're doing some good stuff lately. They've already teased that Scooter is going to be an animatronic in the pre-show and then they've also kind of hinted at the fact that there will be other animatronics. Miss Piggy and Kermit, of course, have been spotted in the concept art, which is very exciting and a necessity to me. It's not the Muppets without those icons, so of course they had to be included. The Muppet Coaster is going to reopen sometime in 2026. They've not really specified exactly when this is going to be happening. However, we're not expecting a super super long closure. I mean, at the end of the day, they could wait until December 31st, 2026. Although, I don't necessarily think they're going to be doing that. They've already closed the pre-show, which means they could be working on it right now because it's blocked off and you can't see. We are not expecting this to be like a hugely long closure. They have confirmed the Muppets are officially taking over in summer 2026. Now, they could technically wait until like September, October to do this. So, we don't really know for a fact exactly when it's going to be opening, but I have high hopes. They've already closed off that pre-show like we talked about. They actually did it a few months ago, so they technically could be working on that already. Although we've not really seen a lot of permits um for that side of things just yet. All I know is Muppets are back in 2026 in more ways than one, and I'm personally living for it. It's very magic to me. I'm so sorry to tell you this, but Magic Kingdom is just Walt Disney World. Now, Magic Kingdom is working on two huge land changes as well as two big ride refurbishments, but we'll get to those in a second. Right now, Magic Kingdom is developing Cars Land, formerly known as Piston Peak and Villains Land. Piston Peak will be in Frontier Land, and it's replacing Tom Sawyer Island and the Rivers of America. This area will include two new rides. One is for smaller racers, which Disney hasn't shared too much about. The other is a rally racers ride, which Disney has said is a racing ride where you will go on a thrilling rally race through the mountains. Take on wild terrain as you race across the landscape, climbing mountain trails, dodging geysers, and Mater's favorite, splashing through mud holes. Villains Land is an expansion onto the park, but still counts in the construction conversation. This new land Disney has remained very tight lipped about, so we don't know a ton of details. The land will have two major attractions, plus dining and shopping options. The land will be where tons of villains have been summoned to converge in one place. Disney has teased characters like the Queen of Hearts, Jafar, the Evil Queen, Emma, Kruella, Captain Hook, Maleficent, Geston, Mother Gothol, Ursula, Hades, Chernabog, and Maleficent as a dragon. Now, if you've read Kingdom Keepers, this is concerning and exciting. Now, neither one of these lands have an opening timeline at the time of filming, but of course, we will keep you updated on all of that to come. Now, this is not the first time we've seen major construction projects, of course, Epcot used to be Walcott, but now it's Magic Kingdom. We have seen big changes like Pandora, Galaxy's Edge, and the Epcot transformation over the last few years, but they didn't all happen at once, which is why this feels so big and important and notable. Now, let's get to the magic side of the Magic Kingdom. Buzz Lightyear and Big Thunder are back. Thank you. Thank you, Disney. We need this. On the bright side of things, the two currently closed attractions will be reopening this year in 2026. Big Thunder Mountain Railroad has been closed since January 2025, a full year this ride has been closed. But Disney has said some very exciting changes are in store thanks to this mountaintop to cavern deep refurbishment. Imagineers have added new elements and updated the storyline to follow Barnabas T. Bullion Bullion Bullion who struck gold in the Big Thunder region and quickly started the Big Thunder Mountain Company. But like any good Disney story, things didn't go exactly as planned. He found himself up against some pretty intense forces of nature and weird unexplainable events started happening in the mine. We're talking machine failures, cave-ins, and all sorts of spooky occurrences. Disney has confirmed the Rainbow Caverns, which were in the original Big Thunder Mountain concept art, are being added, and they've hinted at a few more exciting swaps. I cannot wait to ride this attraction again. I've missed it so much. Another heavy hitter, Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin is also currently under construction, but won't be for all of 2026. This ride is getting a new scene, a brand new character, updated ride vehicles, new blasters, and new targets. They're basically redoing the whole ride, but also not at the same time. Like, it's staying the same, but it's get very different. This ride closed in August of 2025, but both attractions are reopening in spring of 2026, which it's very magic. Okay, my next tragic is still somehow in Hollywood Studios because Hollywood Studios is a construction symphony right now. It's like you turn the corner and it's like, "Wow, what's that grading noise?" And it's construction cuz so much of it is going on. So, we already talked about the Muppets losing their courtyard. I know I talked about it, but I'm going to talk about it again because even though I am depressed and sad and heartbroken, it is leading to very exciting things. So, why did the courtyard close? Well, we're going to talk about it. Monsters Inc. land is finally coming to life, which is very exciting for some people, and I would be excited 100,000% if it weren't at the cost of Muppets's courtyard. That being said, that is where you're going to start finding Monstropolis when it eventually opens. So, Mike, Sully, and all of the monsters are headed to Hollywood Studios. The new land is going to include a massive suspension roller coaster which will be the first of its kind and you're actually going to get to shoot through that scene from Monsters Inc. when they're all they're hanging on the doors. You're going to get to be a part of that which is very very exciting. I think I will say of all the losses I am very excited about this because we've all wanted to swing on the door. I think so. And now it's finally our real life chance. So at least the Muppets didn't die for nothing. Now, this new land, Disney has also teased that it's going to be getting a new show. We're assuming where Muppets Vision 3D was, but they've kind of kept tight lipped about that. They've not really said a whole lot. I wonder if that means in the nearer future we will see a closure of Monsters Inc. Laugh Floor over in Magic Kingdom. They can have two Monsters Inc. shows. I just don't know that we need two Monsters Inc. shows, but that's just me. I love Monsters Inc. Laugh. I don't want it to close. The concept art also implies restaurants, quite a bit of shopping because of course you can't go to Disney without a little shopping. And we're personally hoping for a Harry's sushi kind of vibe. Now, they've not confirmed that, but it is in the concept art, so it's not that far of a reach. Now, why is this in the tragic if I'm clearly excited about it? It's because there's no opening timeline for this. It's just a lot of constructions and some walls and just like a lot of depression. Frankly, every time I walk past those walls, I just I feel like my heart goes, "That's what it sounds like." You can ask Quincy. She's heard it. It happens in real life. So, that's why it's in my tragic section because right now, just construction. There's so much construction. And even though it's all very exciting, there's like nothing to enjoy about it right now. So, it's going to stay firmly in the tragic section for 2026 because Disney has given us no opening timeline. So, we have no idea, but they're at least working on it. So, now, luckily for us, there is some magic coming to Hollywood Studios as well, because a brand new land is also opening in 2026. The Walt Disney Studios is coming to Hollywood Studios in summer 2026. And I think a lot of our team is excited about this land. So, this land was previously Animation Courtyard, which people felt for several years really needed a little TLC and really needed a little love. And I think Disney heard that and luckily for us is kind of revamping this to become the Walt Disney Studios. So this land is going to be inspired by the studios over in Burbank, California. So it's going to look a little bit familiar, but all the same iconic. Disney has said this new area is going to be where you find characters that leap off the page while the animators are away. So, it's going to be like you're really going to the studio, but then the animators are kind of like they're on a lunch break or they've had to go somewhere, and so the characters come to life while they're gone. It's very heavily inspired by Once Upon a Studio, which is a short film that Disney made that I highly recommend watching. It's one of my favorite things they've put out in years. It is on Disney Plus and it is on YouTube if you want to go see. And so, that's the big inspiration of this new land. The former home of Star Wars Launch Bay is actually turning into the magic of Disney animation, which is going to be inspired by the studios. One thing that is particularly exciting for Hollywood Studios fans is this land will see the return, the long awaited return of Mickey's Sorcerer Hat to Hollywood Studios. Now, it's not going to be as big as it once was. It's not going to be that like larger than life thing that you can stand under, but because it's going to mirror the animation studios, it's going to have that hat right on top of the entrance, which is very exciting. And it's going to mean our like sorcerer Mickey hat pictures are back, which we've all been begging for. Disney has specifically mentioned something called Off the Page, and this is going to serve as the land's kind of meet and greet area that is inspired by six different unique sections within animation. So, those are going to be story, layout, handdrawn animation, computer animation, lighting, and effects. They've kind of given us some concept art of like what this is going to look like. Rapunzel was actually in that concept art, which is very exciting. Hollywood Studios tends to have a lack of princesses um that aren't in shows. So, that will be very exciting if they do finally bring over some princesses for kiddos to see. There's also going to be a Drawn to Wonderland playground that's being added to this section of the park that's going to be inspired by Mary Blair's art for Alice in Wonderland, which is a personal massive win to me because I love Mary Blair. I love her so much. I actually have a cookie jar. I have a cake stand and I have plates all inspired by Mary Blair's Alice in Wonderland art. So, that's really big news. They're also giving the Disney Junior show in this land a makeover. They're going to be calling it Disney Junior Mickey Mouse Clubhouse Live, which we have previously seen, I believe, over in Disney's California Adventure. So, it's going to be exciting that they're bringing it back here. Okay, hold up, quick moment, big pause. Since I filmed the video the first time, Disney's also given us new information all about this, and it's super super exciting. They have confirmed the Animation Academy is going to be coming from Animal Kingdom and is going to be within this new land in Hollywood Studios. So, you're not going to have to go without learning how to animate for too long. One of the biggest things about this new announcement is they are actually creating a brand new audio animatronic figure of Olaf, who's going to be voiced by Josh Gad, who was actually Olaf in the films. We love Josh Gad. That's very exciting. They have also noted that it is not going to be a live animator anymore. So, it's going to be a little bit different than what we are used to. Now, it is going to be a pre-recorded animator teaching you how to draw those famous Disney characters. Each class will feature a different character um inspired by timeless classics like Disney has said and modern favorites. So, a few of the characters that Disney has said that you're going to be able to draw are people like Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, Donald Duck, Genie, Moana, Stitch, Olaf, Ursula, and Judy Hops, and Nick Wild. So, a big myriad of characters, and they might even add some more. Who knows? They have said you can you can look out for those characters specifically, though. All in all, this land really needed a good TLC, a good overhaul. We at the I can't speak for like the whole team, but I'm going to speak for the whole team. We're all pretty darn excited about this. It feels like a return to some classic Hollywood Studios things that we love. We also feel like they've definitely teased learning animation. So, bringing the animation classes back to Hollywood Studios and really just kind of going back to a lot of the roots that this park previously had. I love innovation. I love change. I love excitement and new rides and things, but I also really love that while this is all still new, it feels very much like the essence of Hollywood Studios, which I think a lot of us can really appreciate. So, lots of exciting things and that's why it is firmly landing in the magic. It is opening sometime in summer 2026. So, luckily it's not the whole year and that's why it can be in the magic section and not the tragic section. Now, we don't want to be repetitive, but it's kind of wild that we aren't being repetitive. These are all different projects in Magic Kingdom, Animal Kingdom, and Hollywood Studios. They're all happening at the same time. This means that these parks will have fewer attractions, which will cause the remaining attractions to have higher weight times. You can't really avoid it right now. It also means crowds won't have as many places to wander around. So, expect the lands to feel a little bit more crowded and congested cuz there's just not as many places for them to go. Plus, those walls can make getting around the parks feel pretty confusing. It can get very easy to get turned around because things don't look like they used to. It's all leading to good things, but it's honestly a tragic time to be in the parks if you are looking for a lot of things to be open and enjoy. However, on the magic side of things, they are dropping lots of deals to make up for it. Free Disney dining for kids is here for 2026. Throughout the year, kids can dine for free. When staying at one of the Disney World resorts, you can qualify for a free Disney dining package for kids aged 3 to nine when you purchase a dining plan with your vacation package for other members of your party. Now, we did a full dining plan video. If you want to learn more about that, you can check it out. Now, you can save up to $250 per night on a 4night, 4-day, or longer Walt Disney Travel Company room and ticket package at select Disney World hotels for stays most nights from February 22nd to July 25th, 2026. You can also save up to 25% on rooms for stays most nights from February 22nd to April 30th, 2026. or save up to 20% on rooms for stays most Sunday to Thursday nights from January 4th to February 19th, 2026. Sorry, this might be a little boring, but I'm I want to tell you about the deals cuz I want you to save money. So, just bear with me for a second. Canadian residents, you can save 25% or more on tickets for a 4-day or longer Disney World trip. Note that this is a datebased ticket deal, but if you live in Canada, you can get tickets for 25% off or more for a Disney World trip of 4 days or more. You'll need to buy tickets for January 4th through September 26th, 2026. Disney is also offering bounceback offers, limited time annual pass, and resident discounts, and they've even dropped the dropped the deposit to become an annual passholder. So, if you've been thinking about it, now might be the time. Now, Disney has been dropping new offerings every few weeks, it feels like, to incentivize guests to come to the park during all of this construction era of growth we're calling it. Now, we highly recommend following the Alers's blog so that you don't miss a single one of these deals because you probably can't find them all yourself. There's so many. They keep dropping more. The language is confusing. So, please go follow our blog so that you can get all the details easily summarized for you for any new deals and discounts. Disney has often done this in the past after major events like the 2008 recession, 9/11, CO 19 to get guests back into the parks, especially when they don't want to go on their own. So, just keep an eye out. Disney's going to drop deals and they're going to keep dropping them. So, you're welcome. My next tragic is that we lost two big restaurants in 2025 and into 2026. So before I even get into this, these restaurants were not necessarily the most popular restaurants, but they were big. They were large and in charge and frankly massive. In June 2025, Pizza Rizzo closed over in the Muppets Courtyard. And then in February 2026, Restauranttosaurus closed in Dino Land, USA. And you might be thinking, Emma, this isn't tragic. I didn't really like those places. Well, some people did, and sometimes I was one of those people. These two restaurants were really like the picky eaters palace when it came to Hollywood Studios and Animal Kingdom specifically. In Hollywood Studios, Pizza Rizzo had that like classic puffy pizza. It had subs, it had salads, and it actually had some really delicious desserts if you knew when to stop by. Restaurants in Animal Kingdom had burgers, chicken nuggets, like you know, really classic theme park fair. And for a lot of people, it was like, well, I kind of skipped it because they weren't really exciting or it wasn't what I wanted or, you know, whatever. But if you had kids or if you were with a large group or you just needed a place to sit inside, these were really like a beacon in the desert. They really were because both of them were physically large restaurants that had indoor seating with amazing air conditioning. One thing that I think is notable is that both parks are really missing the presence of these options. Now, now I will say in Animal Kingdom, you can find a lot of this style of food over at Harambe Market. They actually just relaunched it. It had been under construction for some refurbishment and they debuted a new menu. So, that was really nice. They debuted it um around I think on the same day that Dino Land closed or the day before. So there was like no missing any of those classic burgers and tenders. So if you have picky eaters and you're not really sure where else to go, Harambe Market is going to fill that gap. That being said, Harambe Market has entirely outdoor seating, which is why it cannot compare to restauranttosaurus in my opinion. If it is July in Orlando, you're going to be so angry you're eating a hot burger outside. Now there is some covering, but it's still hot. It's not AC like Restontosaurus was. I will also say for Animal Kingdom, Pizza Fari does still have indoor seating and does still have that puffy pizza as well as some questionable pasta. I will not judge you. I actually have gone through phases where I really enjoy those things. So, if you enjoy them, go eat them. Who cares what other people are telling you? In Hollywood Studios, you can head to Backlot Express to find some of those picky eater friendly items. You can find a lot of those classic chicken tenders, burgers. They even has some like more interesting bowls that don't feel too exciting. So maybe it's out of the ordinary but not unfamiliar. Now, I will say Backlot does also have indoor seating which is huge, but a majority of the seating is still outside even if it's covered and it's pretty limited compared to Rizzo's. It is also now a lot busier because Rizzos has closed. So getting a seat inside might be a little bit more difficult than it has been in the past. So both of these losses are tragic for lots of reasons that isn't just about the food itself. Now if you are a big Disney diner, there are some magic things going on in 2026 when it comes to Disney food, which is very exciting. First, the Garden View Tea Room over at Disney's Grand Fidian is finally reopening. This guy has been closed for years to the point where honestly I thought they'll replace it. Like they're not going to open it. It's been closed for so long. Jokes on me because on March 19th, this iconic tea room is finally reopening which is a real thrill. This spot has a new redesigned menu that's going to be heavily inspired by Alice in Wonderland and they're describing it as a whimsical dining experience. Now, I think that just means the treats are themed, but it could mean glitter. What? I don't know what else whimsy would imply, but I I feel a lot of glitter. I feel a lot of pretty colorful options and a lot of Alice in Wonderland. They're going to have a lot of Twinings loose tea options, and they're also going to have tea based cocktails as well as non-alcoholic specialty beverages. So, lots of different things to sip on while you go and dine in this nice atmosphere. Now, Disney has given us a first look at the new menu that's coming. And boy, there is a lot. There's a lot coming. So, I'm actually going to read it while you guys look and see this g the gorgeous photos of food that they're going to show. So you can try out the orange cranberry scone with all the traditional accompaniments, curried chicken salad, playing card tart, the footsman feast, tweedle egg sandwiches, caterpillar cucumber rolls, the matcha mad hatter, the tea party tart, the flamingo croquet shoe, and painting the rose. So a lot of that is very exciting. A lot of those are themed to, of course, Alice in Wonderland. And I think, frankly, they look gorgeous. I also love a tea experience. I've only gotten to do a few in my life and every single time I have just felt so like fancy and fun and it's just been really really lovely and I've heard incredible things about this tea room. So, I'm personally very very excited to see it back. If you are not feeling the fancy vibes or the fine dining vibes, but you really want to get in on some new dining experiences in Disney World in 2026, this is where we're going to talk about Level 99. Level 99 is going to be located over in Disney Springs. It is going to be massive. And this is not just dining. This is an experiencebased location. So, it's going to be a realworld challengebased social entertainment spot. That's all the way they describe it. It sounds very exciting. It is geared toward adults, but families technically can go. And it's going to have a lot of like mental and physical challenges um that are set in an arcadel like environment. So, it's going to be a lot of games, a lot of ways that you can kind of interact with each other. And this is a chain, so it's not really something that's brand new, but it's something that is new to Florida, which is very exciting. This will actually be the largest of all of the chains, and it's going to have over 60 rooms, as well as a chef crafted menu with Level 99's awardwinning Detroit style pizza. So, that's where the food aspect comes in. This is literally award-winning food, which is pretty exciting. And I love a game. I love having a cocktail and a dinner and then a game and an activity. So, this sounds like it's really calling my name. Now, Disney has not released what's going to be on the menu for this location. However, our team has actually gone and checked out the other locations to kind of get an idea of what might be coming. So, other locations have like an array of snacks, small uh dips, of course, that Detroit style pizza, handheld salads, a lot of like more elevated bar food, but we did review it really, really well, which is exciting for Disney Springs because I want an activity, but not if the food is bad. So, the food needs to be kind of, you know, better than average at least if I'm going to go into that building. There is no confirmed opening date as of yet for Level 99, but that is two different dining experiences that are coming back to Disney in 2026. And so, magic, magic all around when it comes to new food and experiences. >> Okay, but let's get serious for a second because some of you might be watching this video and need to decide if you really should go this year or if you really shouldn't and maybe kind of wait a year or two. So, let's talk about it. Let's talk about why you might should not go to the parks this year. It really is a year of growth in the parks, which is fine. We love it. We love all the new things that are coming. We're excited, but it does take time to build these new rides and new lands and new experiences, and it's probably not the best year to go. If you're looking to have a wonderful Disney vacation where every ride is open, there's no loud construction sounds, there's no dense crowds that are worse than usual, and normal wait times, this is absolutely not the year for you to go. So instead, you could consider saving up more money for a year later or 2 years later. Or you could consider going to another theme park like Disneyland in California or the Universal parks on either coast, which Universal has very minimal construction right now. And they also have a brand new theme park, Epic Universe. So maybe you might want to take a break from Disney World this year and go somewhere else. There is no judgment at all coming from any of us if you decide not to go to Disney World this year. >> Now, sure, we have talked about the reasons why you should not go to Disney World in 2026, but I'm going to be here as the um opposing voice and say why you should go to Disney World in 2026. And there actually are a few reasons. Okay, so all of the the tragic that we've talked about, that is all true and it's all accurate. But that being said, there are so many exciting changes on the horizon that really fall into our magic category. Things like the Walt Disney Studios, the Muppets Rock and Roller Coaster, the finally reopening Big Thunder Mountain that's been refurbished, a refurbished Buzz Light, your Space Ranger Spin, Monsters, Inc. Land, Piston Peak, Villains Land, um, Pueblo Esparonza. All of these things are on Disney's docket for the next few years and a lot of them are actually happening in 2026. Now, those big lands outside of the Walt Disney Studios, we're going to be seeing those later, but a lot of these things are actually finally coming to fruition in 2026. All of this to be said, Disney, it's a very bittersweet time to be here and also a very exciting time for a lot of people. We're saying goodbye what feels like once a month, but we're also getting to see brand new changes that frankly are going to be here for a huge amount of our lifetimes. And frankly, our kids and the people in our lives, like they're going to get to grow up knowing these things, which is very exciting. And I will also say in 2026 specifically, a few good things come along with construction, which you might think sounds crazy, but it's true. Now, there's going to be potentially lower crowds. Even if they are um more dense, like we talked about earlier, like they're more packed in, it might I mean, people are waiting. They're waiting for the new things to open. So, there's a huge plausibility that those crowds are not going to be as bad as we've seen them in the past. Another thing is the crowds are going to be pretty darn predictable. Now, yeah, they might still be there. Hopefully, they're lower than they have been in the past and there's a good chance that they are, but we're going to know where they're at. That is predictable. There's not many places to go right now, especially in the theme parks. You know, it's that's why it's more dense, but you're going to know where they are and how to more easily avoid them. Those deals, those Disney deals that we talked about, those frankly for me are reason enough to go in 2026. Disney does not often run deals like these as far as talked about. So missing out on them because maybe one or two rides that you want to go on is closed, I just don't think it's worth it. I think these Disney deals are a huge incentive to go this year. My final talking point is I would argue that even though we are in this huge era of change, if you go to Disney World every single year, this is not enough of a reason to skip. Yes, there's a lot of construction. Yes, there's a lot of changes going on. But there's also a lot of classic and new and exciting rides still open, still there. There's still the same level of entertainment and there's still those delicious snacks that you're always enjoying. So, yes, I could see if you're if you go very rarely, I could see waiting absolutely until everything is open. But if you go once a year, just keep going. I see no harm in it. Go have fun. That's just me. I think you should do what you want to do. Now, if you've made it this far, be sure to drop this in the comments below so we know you made it and watched the whole thing. >> Be sure to like and subscribe because we upload games, tips, tricks just like this almost every single day of the week from Disney World and beyond. Why? >> Because we're serious about fun. Thanks for watching.
