---
video_id: VrSmgWSaU3w
channel: AllEars.net
title: "The Secret to Having the Best Day in EPCOT"
published: 2026-01-05
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrSmgWSaU3w
---
Hey there, I'm Quincy from All Ears and Hey there, I'm Quincy from All Ears and Hey there, I'm Quincy from All Ears and we are having the best day ever at Epcot we are having the best day ever at Epcot we are having the best day ever at Epcot today. Every tip, every trick, every today. Every tip, every trick, every today. Every tip, every trick, every strategy, and just a great time along strategy, and just a great time along strategy, and just a great time along the way. Whether you are coming to Epcot the way. Whether you are coming to Epcot the way. Whether you are coming to Epcot or you just want to live vicariously or you just want to live vicariously or you just want to live vicariously through me, join me. Get in my backpack. through me, join me. Get in my backpack. through me, join me. Get in my backpack. I'm not wearing a backpack. Just hang I'm not wearing a backpack. Just hang I'm not wearing a backpack. Just hang out with me. Let's go. Let's have a out with me. Let's go. Let's have a out with me. Let's go. Let's have a great day at Epcot. &gt;&gt; Hey, good morning. &gt;&gt; Hey, good morning. &gt;&gt; Hey, good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Epcot. Good morning. Okay, &gt;&gt; Thank you, Epcot. Good morning. Okay, &gt;&gt; Thank you, Epcot. Good morning. Okay, big fun, incredible day today at my big fun, incredible day today at my big fun, incredible day today at my personal favorite Disney park, Epcot. personal favorite Disney park, Epcot. personal favorite Disney park, Epcot. We're here a little bit after rope drop. We're here a little bit after rope drop. We're here a little bit after rope drop. Now, rope drop is when you arrive before Now, rope drop is when you arrive before Now, rope drop is when you arrive before a park opens and enter the park before a park opens and enter the park before a park opens and enter the park before it opens so that you can be the first on it opens so that you can be the first on it opens so that you can be the first on ride. But the park that you do not have ride. But the park that you do not have ride. But the park that you do not have to do it in is Epcot, provided one thing to do it in is Epcot, provided one thing to do it in is Epcot, provided one thing is true, and that's that you have a way is true, and that's that you have a way is true, and that's that you have a way to ride Guardians of the Galaxy Cosmic to ride Guardians of the Galaxy Cosmic to ride Guardians of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind. That is the only thing we have Rewind. That is the only thing we have Rewind. That is the only thing we have purchased a Skip the Line pass for purchased a Skip the Line pass for purchased a Skip the Line pass for today. Otherwise, we're going to be in today. Otherwise, we're going to be in today. Otherwise, we're going to be in the standby line. A lot of the rides at the standby line. A lot of the rides at the standby line. A lot of the rides at Epcot get really long lines in the Epcot get really long lines in the Epcot get really long lines in the morning before the majority of World morning before the majority of World morning before the majority of World Showcase starts to open, which is a Showcase starts to open, which is a Showcase starts to open, which is a closer to 11:00. That's also when closer to 11:00. That's also when closer to 11:00. That's also when festivals pick up. So, if you delay your festivals pick up. So, if you delay your festivals pick up. So, if you delay your rope drop a little bit, you actually rope drop a little bit, you actually rope drop a little bit, you actually might skip a good flux of crowds in the might skip a good flux of crowds in the might skip a good flux of crowds in the front of the park. We are going to use a front of the park. We are going to use a front of the park. We are going to use a little bit of our rope drop time to go little bit of our rope drop time to go little bit of our rope drop time to go get a nice 25 uh it's up to 30, but a get a nice 25 uh it's up to 30, but a get a nice 25 uh it's up to 30, but a nice 30 minute wait on Test Track, which nice 30 minute wait on Test Track, which nice 30 minute wait on Test Track, which is uh a newly updated attraction that is is uh a newly updated attraction that is is uh a newly updated attraction that is very popular with its new updates. Test very popular with its new updates. Test very popular with its new updates. Test Track is a ride that takes you through a Track is a ride that takes you through a Track is a ride that takes you through a little bit of uh the technology of little bit of uh the technology of little bit of uh the technology of transportation. transportation. transportation. Uh, it is newly updated and it sounds Uh, it is newly updated and it sounds Uh, it is newly updated and it sounds pretty boring when you say it like that, pretty boring when you say it like that, pretty boring when you say it like that, but it is actually also the fastest ride but it is actually also the fastest ride but it is actually also the fastest ride in Disney World. You end up on this in Disney World. You end up on this in Disney World. You end up on this track along the side of the building track along the side of the building track along the side of the building going 60 m an hour. Very fast. So, let's going 60 m an hour. Very fast. So, let's going 60 m an hour. Very fast. So, let's start our day off with a little thrill. &gt;&gt; That was a thrill. My eyes [laughter] &gt;&gt; That was a thrill. My eyes [laughter] &gt;&gt; That was a thrill. My eyes [laughter] were watering. [music] They're going so were watering. [music] They're going so were watering. [music] They're going so fast, but I'm future now, I think. So, fast, but I'm future now, I think. So, fast, but I'm future now, I think. So, worth it. Uh, very fun ride. If you've worth it. Uh, very fun ride. If you've worth it. Uh, very fun ride. If you've ridden Test Track before this year, um, ridden Test Track before this year, um, ridden Test Track before this year, um, it is a very different ride now. The it is a very different ride now. The it is a very different ride now. The ride track is the same, but they've ride track is the same, but they've ride track is the same, but they've [music] really made some serious [music] really made some serious [music] really made some serious improvements to the ride itself. And you improvements to the ride itself. And you improvements to the ride itself. And you exit, I guess some actual cars, General exit, I guess some actual cars, General exit, I guess some actual cars, General Motors. [music] Motors. [music] Motors. [music] Um, the Corvette's the cool one and then Um, the Corvette's the cool one and then Um, the Corvette's the cool one and then there's other cars and you can actually there's other cars and you can actually there's other cars and you can actually start the process of buying a car here. start the process of buying a car here. start the process of buying a car here. That is [music] not part of our perfect That is [music] not part of our perfect That is [music] not part of our perfect day. Now, I waited under the posted wait day. Now, I waited under the posted wait day. Now, I waited under the posted wait time, but it has rocketed up. It looked time, but it has rocketed up. It looked time, but it has rocketed up. It looked like it was much longer. Um, we'll see like it was much longer. Um, we'll see like it was much longer. Um, we'll see in a second just how long it [music] in a second just how long it [music] in a second just how long it [music] actually got while we were in there. One actually got while we were in there. One actually got while we were in there. One thing about Test Track is that it does thing about Test Track is that it does thing about Test Track is that it does have a single rider line that works have a single rider line that works have a single rider line that works [music] very, very well. It moves much [music] very, very well. It moves much [music] very, very well. It moves much faster than the regular line. I'm going faster than the regular line. I'm going faster than the regular line. I'm going to try not to use any single rider lines to try not to use any single rider lines to try not to use any single rider lines today because in some cases, families today because in some cases, families today because in some cases, families can't split up and you can have a can't split up and you can have a can't split up and you can have a perfect day without being able to use perfect day without being able to use perfect day without being able to use the single rider line. But if you're the single rider line. But if you're the single rider line. But if you're willing and able to split up, the single willing and able to split up, the single willing and able to split up, the single rider line can get you on these rides rider line can get you on these rides rider line can get you on these rides much faster. Epcot is a massive theme much faster. Epcot is a massive theme much faster. Epcot is a massive theme [music] park with no real way to like [music] park with no real way to like [music] park with no real way to like cross the whole park quickly. There cross the whole park quickly. There cross the whole park quickly. There aren't shortcuts. Um, so we are going to aren't shortcuts. Um, so we are going to aren't shortcuts. Um, so we are going to do our best to do everything kind of in do our best to do everything kind of in do our best to do everything kind of in the same area before moving on with one the same area before moving on with one the same area before moving on with one exception, which is when we get to skip exception, which is when we get to skip exception, which is when we get to skip the line at Guardians of the Galaxy the line at Guardians of the Galaxy the line at Guardians of the Galaxy later. But that means I'm going to go later. But that means I'm going to go later. But that means I'm going to go ahead and knock out the other world ahead and knock out the other world ahead and knock out the other world discovery ride, which is Mission Space. discovery ride, which is Mission Space. discovery ride, which is Mission Space. Now, a perfect day doesn't necessarily Now, a perfect day doesn't necessarily Now, a perfect day doesn't necessarily mean actually doing everything in the mean actually doing everything in the mean actually doing everything in the park. That's often time overwhelming. park. That's often time overwhelming. park. That's often time overwhelming. But in the case of Epcot, there actually But in the case of Epcot, there actually But in the case of Epcot, there actually aren't too many rides. So, I do think aren't too many rides. So, I do think aren't too many rides. So, I do think we're going to aim to do all of them we're going to aim to do all of them we're going to aim to do all of them today just because why not? Mission today just because why not? Mission today just because why not? Mission space is a unique attraction. It does space is a unique attraction. It does space is a unique attraction. It does have two sides, um, an intense side, have two sides, um, an intense side, have two sides, um, an intense side, orange, and a more chill side, green. orange, and a more chill side, green. orange, and a more chill side, green. Orange, uh, is has been compared by NASA Orange, uh, is has been compared by NASA Orange, uh, is has been compared by NASA astronauts to be one of the most similar astronauts to be one of the most similar astronauts to be one of the most similar experiences they've had to launching experiences they've had to launching experiences they've had to launching into space. And that is the plot here is into space. And that is the plot here is into space. And that is the plot here is that you are training to launch into that you are training to launch into that you are training to launch into space. as you can see from all the space. as you can see from all the space. as you can see from all the astronaut quotes and the planet stuff. astronaut quotes and the planet stuff. astronaut quotes and the planet stuff. Um, but we're going to do the more Um, but we're going to do the more Um, but we're going to do the more intense mission because I enjoy it. If intense mission because I enjoy it. If intense mission because I enjoy it. If you tend to get motion sick, hit the you tend to get motion sick, hit the you tend to get motion sick, hit the Earth mission. And if you tend to get Earth mission. And if you tend to get Earth mission. And if you tend to get claustrophobic, this might be one to claustrophobic, this might be one to claustrophobic, this might be one to skip. skip. skip. &gt;&gt; This meteor storm is directly over your &gt;&gt; This meteor storm is directly over your &gt;&gt; This meteor storm is directly over your Mars landing site. Proximity alert. Mars landing site. Proximity alert. Mars landing site. Proximity alert. &gt;&gt; If you guys feel mission space, I do. We &gt;&gt; If you guys feel mission space, I do. We &gt;&gt; If you guys feel mission space, I do. We are doing some intense stuff this are doing some intense stuff this are doing some intense stuff this morning. Going very fast and feeling morning. Going very fast and feeling morning. Going very fast and feeling very silly on mission space. One thing very silly on mission space. One thing very silly on mission space. One thing that's fun about Epcot is that when you that's fun about Epcot is that when you that's fun about Epcot is that when you get let out of rides, a lot of the times get let out of rides, a lot of the times get let out of rides, a lot of the times you're in these very funny rooms you're in these very funny rooms you're in these very funny rooms like this, which are very like, you like this, which are very like, you like this, which are very like, you know, old school sort of like play know, old school sort of like play know, old school sort of like play areas. A lot of them have games. Uh, and areas. A lot of them have games. Uh, and areas. A lot of them have games. Uh, and there is postcards from space in uh this there is postcards from space in uh this there is postcards from space in uh this room. And I think that we should make room. And I think that we should make room. And I think that we should make one record a postcard from space. Okay. one record a postcard from space. Okay. one record a postcard from space. Okay. What do we want? Yeah. I mean, I'm What do we want? Yeah. I mean, I'm What do we want? Yeah. I mean, I'm feeling alien abduction. Ready? [music] Oh man, this is so funny. Yeah, this is great. Um, I'm going to Yeah, this is great. Um, I'm going to Yeah, this is great. Um, I'm going to email this to Sage. email this to Sage. email this to Sage. That's kind of World Discovery except That's kind of World Discovery except That's kind of World Discovery except for Guardians of the Galaxy Cosmic for Guardians of the Galaxy Cosmic for Guardians of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind, which is going to be in the Rewind, which is going to be in the Rewind, which is going to be in the evening for us because that is when our evening for us because that is when our evening for us because that is when our Lightning Lane single pass is. Uh Lightning Lane single pass is. Uh Lightning Lane single pass is. Uh Lightning Lane is how you skip the Lightning Lane is how you skip the Lightning Lane is how you skip the standby line. It is paid. There are a standby line. It is paid. There are a standby line. It is paid. There are a couple ways to access it. Lightning Lane couple ways to access it. Lightning Lane couple ways to access it. Lightning Lane Multipass lets you skip a bunch of Multipass lets you skip a bunch of Multipass lets you skip a bunch of different rides. Three. You can have different rides. Three. You can have different rides. Three. You can have three reservations at a time all around three reservations at a time all around three reservations at a time all around Disney World, but that doesn't include Disney World, but that doesn't include Disney World, but that doesn't include the most popular rides in the park. Uh the most popular rides in the park. Uh the most popular rides in the park. Uh in this case, it doesn't include in this case, it doesn't include in this case, it doesn't include Guardians of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind. Guardians of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind. Guardians of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind. I'm pretty confident that we can have a I'm pretty confident that we can have a I'm pretty confident that we can have a great day even if we have some weights great day even if we have some weights great day even if we have some weights for Frozen or for Remy. And we're going for Frozen or for Remy. And we're going for Frozen or for Remy. And we're going to try to avoid weights that are too to try to avoid weights that are too to try to avoid weights that are too long for them anyway. And that means we long for them anyway. And that means we long for them anyway. And that means we didn't have to pay for multipass. We didn't have to pay for multipass. We didn't have to pay for multipass. We [music] just paid for single pass. A [music] just paid for single pass. A [music] just paid for single pass. A perfect day also doesn't mean splurging perfect day also doesn't mean splurging perfect day also doesn't mean splurging as much money as possible to make sure as much money as possible to make sure as much money as possible to make sure that you can get on everything you want that you can get on everything you want that you can get on everything you want to get on. You can also get on to get on. You can also get on to get on. You can also get on everything you want to get on with good everything you want to get on with good everything you want to get on with good strategy and save yourself some money, strategy and save yourself some money, strategy and save yourself some money, which is definitely our goal today. which is definitely our goal today. which is definitely our goal today. Epcot is one where I don't necessarily Epcot is one where I don't necessarily Epcot is one where I don't necessarily recommend multipass. Uh because you can recommend multipass. Uh because you can recommend multipass. Uh because you can have a great day without it and it's have a great day without it and it's have a great day without it and it's just an unnecessary spend. Of course, if just an unnecessary spend. Of course, if just an unnecessary spend. Of course, if you have money to burn, why not? But I you have money to burn, why not? But I you have money to burn, why not? But I think it's mostly an unnecessary spend. think it's mostly an unnecessary spend. think it's mostly an unnecessary spend. Might be time for a little bit of Might be time for a little bit of Might be time for a little bit of Spaceship Earth now. Uh typically that Spaceship Earth now. Uh typically that Spaceship Earth now. Uh typically that one uh has some longer lines in the one uh has some longer lines in the one uh has some longer lines in the morning though as folks walk into the morning though as folks walk into the morning though as folks walk into the park and see it first thing. Um they park and see it first thing. Um they park and see it first thing. Um they tend to just hop on it. I would say in tend to just hop on it. I would say in tend to just hop on it. I would say in most cases I will hop in a line for most cases I will hop in a line for most cases I will hop in a line for spatial birth as long as it says it's 20 spatial birth as long as it says it's 20 spatial birth as long as it says it's 20 minutes or lower because when it's close minutes or lower because when it's close minutes or lower because when it's close to 20 minutes it's often a little less to 20 minutes it's often a little less to 20 minutes it's often a little less than 20 minutes. So we will see if than 20 minutes. So we will see if than 20 minutes. So we will see if that's the case. But first we're going that's the case. But first we're going that's the case. But first we're going to get cool. This is one of my favorite to get cool. This is one of my favorite to get cool. This is one of my favorite most nostalgic things to do in our pot most nostalgic things to do in our pot most nostalgic things to do in our pot is visit club pool. Basically you can is visit club pool. Basically you can is visit club pool. Basically you can try sodas from around the world. It's try sodas from around the world. It's try sodas from around the world. It's free. You can just come in and there's free. You can just come in and there's free. You can just come in and there's these soda samplers on the wall over these soda samplers on the wall over these soda samplers on the wall over here. You can try whatever sodas you here. You can try whatever sodas you here. You can try whatever sodas you want. My favorite one is Russia's want. My favorite one is Russia's want. My favorite one is Russia's cucumber sprite. cucumber sprite. cucumber sprite. See that one-handed technique? Spage of Birth is the ride that is in Spage of Birth is the ride that is in Spage of Birth is the ride that is in the iconic Epcot ball, which is really the iconic Epcot ball, which is really the iconic Epcot ball, which is really cool. Takes you through the history of cool. Takes you through the history of cool. Takes you through the history of human communication human communication human communication on a dark ride with tons of on a dark ride with tons of on a dark ride with tons of animatronics, 60 to be exact. Um, it is animatronics, 60 to be exact. Um, it is animatronics, 60 to be exact. Um, it is a really cool ride. A really fun ride a really cool ride. A really fun ride a really cool ride. A really fun ride and you even get to create your own and you even get to create your own and you even get to create your own little sort of future at the end of it. little sort of future at the end of it. little sort of future at the end of it. But yeah, 15 minutes is not bad for But yeah, 15 minutes is not bad for But yeah, 15 minutes is not bad for Yeah, 15 minutes. Looks like it'll Yeah, 15 minutes. Looks like it'll Yeah, 15 minutes. Looks like it'll probably be between 10 and 15. Let's probably be between 10 and 15. Let's probably be between 10 and 15. Let's ride some Spaceship Earth. I love that ride some Spaceship Earth. I love that ride some Spaceship Earth. I love that ride. That's so much fun. It's just so ride. That's so much fun. It's just so ride. That's so much fun. It's just so classic and relaxing and like dark and classic and relaxing and like dark and classic and relaxing and like dark and soothing and cool. I just love it. It's soothing and cool. I just love it. It's soothing and cool. I just love it. It's also very like nostalgic. Definitely also very like nostalgic. Definitely also very like nostalgic. Definitely could use a little update, I think. But could use a little update, I think. But could use a little update, I think. But I love her. Uh, we are in another of I love her. Uh, we are in another of I love her. Uh, we are in another of those weird little rooms. It's called those weird little rooms. It's called those weird little rooms. It's called Project Tomorrow. Wait, what if we send Project Tomorrow. Wait, what if we send Project Tomorrow. Wait, what if we send I think we can send this. Yeah, let's I think we can send this. Yeah, let's I think we can send this. Yeah, let's send Sage another postcard. This will send Sage another postcard. This will send Sage another postcard. This will let me send a postcard of my little let me send a postcard of my little let me send a postcard of my little message from the future that we just message from the future that we just message from the future that we just made last. made last. made last. &gt;&gt; Sage is getting another postcard from &gt;&gt; Sage is getting another postcard from &gt;&gt; Sage is getting another postcard from me. He's going to be like, "Wow, she's me. He's going to be like, "Wow, she's me. He's going to be like, "Wow, she's in space getting abducted by aliens. in space getting abducted by aliens. in space getting abducted by aliens. She's in the future." The Mickey meet She's in the future." The Mickey meet She's in the future." The Mickey meet and greet in this park is awesome. It uh and greet in this park is awesome. It uh and greet in this park is awesome. It uh typically has pretty short [music] typically has pretty short [music] typically has pretty short [music] lines, which is amazing. And on top, in lines, which is amazing. And on top, in lines, which is amazing. And on top, in fact, this line is so short. Um, and in fact, this line is so short. Um, and in fact, this line is so short. Um, and in fact, you don't just meet Mickey, you fact, you don't just meet Mickey, you fact, you don't just meet Mickey, you typically also meet Minnie and Goofy as typically also meet Minnie and Goofy as typically also meet Minnie and Goofy as well. Um, if Mickey's the only well. Um, if Mickey's the only well. Um, if Mickey's the only guarantee, but most of the time, you're guarantee, but most of the time, you're guarantee, but most of the time, you're meeting like two other friends also. Oh, meeting like two other friends also. Oh, meeting like two other friends also. Oh, hello. You know, I'm having the [music] hello. You know, I'm having the [music] hello. You know, I'm having the [music] perfect day today, so I thought I would perfect day today, so I thought I would perfect day today, so I thought I would come see you guys cuz, you know, come see you guys cuz, you know, come see you guys cuz, you know, [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] I brought my friends along. They they I brought my friends along. They they I brought my friends along. They they live in here. They're very small. live in here. They're very small. live in here. They're very small. &gt;&gt; They're little. Yep. Oh, thank you. Hello, Daisy. You're Oh, thank you. Hello, Daisy. You're Oh, thank you. Hello, Daisy. You're looking fabulous as always. [laughter] looking fabulous as always. [laughter] looking fabulous as always. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yes. Oh, thank you. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yes. Oh, thank you. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yes. Oh, thank you. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm hiding my I have a Mickey &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm hiding my I have a Mickey &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm hiding my I have a Mickey necklace here. I was hiding it. I didn't necklace here. I was hiding it. I didn't necklace here. I was hiding it. I didn't show him, but you know, it's we can show him, but you know, it's we can show him, but you know, it's we can know. You can tell him later. know. You can tell him later. know. You can tell him later. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm going to have to get a daisy &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm going to have to get a daisy &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm going to have to get a daisy one. I'll need like daisy earrings or one. I'll need like daisy earrings or one. I'll need like daisy earrings or something. Wouldn't that be fabulous? something. Wouldn't that be fabulous? something. Wouldn't that be fabulous? &gt;&gt; Daisy earrings. &gt;&gt; Daisy earrings. &gt;&gt; Daisy earrings. &gt;&gt; I'm having the perfect day today, so I &gt;&gt; I'm having the perfect day today, so I &gt;&gt; I'm having the perfect day today, so I thought I would come see you guys. Yeah. thought I would come see you guys. Yeah. thought I would come see you guys. Yeah. [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] Oh my gosh. Well, it's good to see you. Oh my gosh. Well, it's good to see you. Oh my gosh. Well, it's good to see you. You look fabulous as always. I love your You look fabulous as always. I love your You look fabulous as always. I love your classic look. It's the best. classic look. It's the best. classic look. It's the best. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I got the Mickey necklace. You &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I got the Mickey necklace. You &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I got the Mickey necklace. You see? see? see? &gt;&gt; You need one of these. [laughter] &gt;&gt; You need one of these. [laughter] &gt;&gt; You need one of these. [laughter] Yeah. I met all my friends. That was Yeah. I met all my friends. That was Yeah. I met all my friends. That was great. That was awesome, too. It was great. That was awesome, too. It was great. That was awesome, too. It was only a 5minute wait for that meet and only a 5minute wait for that meet and only a 5minute wait for that meet and greet. And then I met Mickey, Daisy, and greet. And then I met Mickey, Daisy, and greet. And then I met Mickey, Daisy, and Minnie. All of them. Moana Journey of Minnie. All of them. Moana Journey of Minnie. All of them. Moana Journey of Water is a walkthrough attraction that Water is a walkthrough attraction that Water is a walkthrough attraction that actually teaches you about the water actually teaches you about the water actually teaches you about the water cycle using the magical water from cycle using the magical water from cycle using the magical water from Moana. Uh it is very fun and keep your Moana. Uh it is very fun and keep your Moana. Uh it is very fun and keep your eyes peeled because hidden in the rocks eyes peeled because hidden in the rocks eyes peeled because hidden in the rocks are tons of hidden shapes like Teiti are tons of hidden shapes like Teiti are tons of hidden shapes like Teiti here. Characters you might recognize. here. Characters you might recognize. here. Characters you might recognize. It's like a very fun little scavenger It's like a very fun little scavenger It's like a very fun little scavenger hunt for kids. And then there's lots of hunt for kids. And then there's lots of hunt for kids. And then there's lots of interactive interactive interactive magical water effects. magical water effects. magical water effects. For instance, this musical water here For instance, this musical water here For instance, this musical water here [music] that we can play. [music] [music] [music] Now, this attraction has like wet paths Now, this attraction has like wet paths Now, this attraction has like wet paths and dry paths. And even on the wet path, and dry paths. And even on the wet path, and dry paths. And even on the wet path, it's pretty easy to stay dry. [music] it's pretty easy to stay dry. [music] it's pretty easy to stay dry. [music] Your kid will not stay dry. No matter Your kid will not stay dry. No matter Your kid will not stay dry. No matter what you want, your kiddo getting what you want, your kiddo getting what you want, your kiddo getting soaked. Uh this is a very fun attraction soaked. Uh this is a very fun attraction soaked. Uh this is a very fun attraction for kids. You send a toddler in here, for kids. You send a toddler in here, for kids. You send a toddler in here, they're coming out like they just got in they're coming out like they just got in they're coming out like they just got in a pool. Okay, dry path is not keeping us a pool. Okay, dry path is not keeping us a pool. Okay, dry path is not keeping us dry today. I'll tell you that. It is dry today. I'll tell you that. It is dry today. I'll tell you that. It is actively raining on us. Uh, might be a actively raining on us. Uh, might be a actively raining on us. Uh, might be a good idea to go inside the land good idea to go inside the land good idea to go inside the land pavilion, eat some stuff in there to pavilion, eat some stuff in there to pavilion, eat some stuff in there to stay dry. So, the best thing about this stay dry. So, the best thing about this stay dry. So, the best thing about this is that it's a walkthrough attraction. is that it's a walkthrough attraction. is that it's a walkthrough attraction. So, even if it only seems kind of So, even if it only seems kind of So, even if it only seems kind of [music] cool to you, you can still you [music] cool to you, you can still you [music] cool to you, you can still you can just stroll through it. This is my can just stroll through it. This is my can just stroll through it. This is my favorite thing. There aren't enough favorite thing. There aren't enough favorite thing. There aren't enough people back here right now for this to people back here right now for this to people back here right now for this to be great. But if everybody works be great. But if everybody works be great. But if everybody works together and raises their arms all at together and raises their arms all at together and raises their arms all at once, it can create this massive wave. once, it can create this massive wave. once, it can create this massive wave. There's nobody here, so it's just my There's nobody here, so it's just my There's nobody here, so it's just my pitily little just that guy. There's pitily little just that guy. There's pitily little just that guy. There's some more people here. some more people here. some more people here. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, [music] I'm going to Oh, [music] I'm going to Oh, [music] I'm going to You'll notice I didn't eat breakfast. You'll notice I didn't eat breakfast. You'll notice I didn't eat breakfast. That is not because I didn't have time. That is not because I didn't have time. That is not because I didn't have time. Since like Road Drop is a little chiller Since like Road Drop is a little chiller Since like Road Drop is a little chiller in this park, I would have had time to in this park, I would have had time to in this park, I would have had time to eat breakfast. It's more because we're eat breakfast. It's more because we're eat breakfast. It's more because we're on the side of the park that doesn't on the side of the park that doesn't on the side of the park that doesn't have great breakfast options unless you have great breakfast options unless you have great breakfast options unless you were to do a table service. My were to do a table service. My were to do a table service. My recommendations if you want to do recommendations if you want to do recommendations if you want to do breakfast in Epcot is either to do breakfast in Epcot is either to do breakfast in Epcot is either to do breakfast at Garden Grill, which is a breakfast at Garden Grill, which is a breakfast at Garden Grill, which is a seated table service restaurant, family seated table service restaurant, family seated table service restaurant, family style, all you care to enjoy breakfast. style, all you care to enjoy breakfast. style, all you care to enjoy breakfast. I'm like so curious if this is actually I'm like so curious if this is actually I'm like so curious if this is actually I feel like it might be. What if it I feel like it might be. What if it I feel like it might be. What if it isn't? Whatever. I'm going to get in isn't? Whatever. I'm going to get in isn't? Whatever. I'm going to get in line or at least go look at the line and line or at least go look at the line and line or at least go look at the line and then turn around if it looks really then turn around if it looks really then turn around if it looks really long. But that's my favorite table long. But that's my favorite table long. But that's my favorite table service breakfast. It's also a character service breakfast. It's also a character service breakfast. It's also a character breakfast. So like Mickey um and Chip breakfast. So like Mickey um and Chip breakfast. So like Mickey um and Chip andale Pluto are all there. Very [music] andale Pluto are all there. Very [music] andale Pluto are all there. Very [music] fun. If you want a quicker breakfast, fun. If you want a quicker breakfast, fun. If you want a quicker breakfast, Leal, which is the bakery in the France Leal, which is the bakery in the France Leal, which is the bakery in the France pavilion at the very back of the park is pavilion at the very back of the park is pavilion at the very back of the park is a good option. If you're coming from the a good option. If you're coming from the a good option. If you're coming from the front of the park, if you are busing to front of the park, if you are busing to front of the park, if you are busing to Epcot or driving or taking the Montreal, Epcot or driving or taking the Montreal, Epcot or driving or taking the Montreal, I don't recommend that. But if you are I don't recommend that. But if you are I don't recommend that. But if you are walking from an Epcot resort, taking the walking from an Epcot resort, taking the walking from an Epcot resort, taking the Skyliner or a boat, you'll enter at the Skyliner or a boat, you'll enter at the Skyliner or a boat, you'll enter at the back of Epcot. And Leol is a great It's back of Epcot. And Leol is a great It's back of Epcot. And Leol is a great It's very dark. Le is a great breakfast very dark. Le is a great breakfast very dark. Le is a great breakfast option back there. It was 17 minutes. [music] [music] [music] The Finding Dory is friends, a fantastic The Finding Dory is friends, a fantastic The Finding Dory is friends, a fantastic scavenger hunt. The Finding Nemo ride scavenger hunt. The Finding Nemo ride scavenger hunt. The Finding Nemo ride does let off in the seas aquarium. does let off in the seas aquarium. does let off in the seas aquarium. There's a massive aquarium. This is like There's a massive aquarium. This is like There's a massive aquarium. This is like the second largest aquarium in the the second largest aquarium in the the second largest aquarium in the country. Um or the second largest tank, country. Um or the second largest tank, country. Um or the second largest tank, something [music] like that. It's huge. something [music] like that. It's huge. something [music] like that. It's huge. We have this scavenger hunt that comes We have this scavenger hunt that comes We have this scavenger hunt that comes with its own little map of the aquarium with its own little map of the aquarium with its own little map of the aquarium and it will help us find Dory's friends. and it will help us find Dory's friends. and it will help us find Dory's friends. I think I have a friend in Bruce's shark I think I have a friend in Bruce's shark I think I have a friend in Bruce's shark world. Oh, and I came up with a song to world. Oh, and I came up with a song to world. Oh, and I came up with a song to remind me. She looks like a ray. I often remind me. She looks like a ray. I often remind me. She looks like a ray. I often remark and like she's from heaven. This remark and like she's from heaven. This remark and like she's from heaven. This winged winged winged I solved the riddle, but let's go find I solved the riddle, but let's go find I solved the riddle, but let's go find her. [music] All right. All right. All right. &gt;&gt; Ah, got it. Angel shark. &gt;&gt; Ah, got it. Angel shark. &gt;&gt; Ah, got it. Angel shark. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, no way. Our timing is so good. I don't no way. Our timing is so good. I don't no way. Our timing is so good. I don't want to miss this. We're going to stand want to miss this. We're going to stand want to miss this. We're going to stand here. here. here. &gt;&gt; So, this is the Okay. &gt;&gt; So, this is the Okay. &gt;&gt; So, this is the Okay. Water. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; I've never seen that before. I did not &gt;&gt; I've never seen that before. I did not &gt;&gt; I've never seen that before. I did not know that they ever used that. I just know that they ever used that. I just know that they ever used that. I just have never caught it. I've never been in have never caught it. I've never been in have never caught it. I've never been in here when they were doing that. That was here when they were doing that. That was here when they were doing that. That was insanely cool. That was a lockout tank insanely cool. That was a lockout tank insanely cool. That was a lockout tank which they use in submarines and like in which they use in submarines and like in which they use in submarines and like in space to help people go from one space to help people go from one space to help people go from one environment to another. That was crazy. environment to another. That was crazy. environment to another. That was crazy. There are manatees here in the seas. And There are manatees here in the seas. And There are manatees here in the seas. And these are my friend Emma's favorites. these are my friend Emma's favorites. these are my friend Emma's favorites. You always have to say hi to the You always have to say hi to the You always have to say hi to the manatees for Emma. And it looks like manatees for Emma. And it looks like manatees for Emma. And it looks like they are going to town on some lettuce they are going to town on some lettuce they are going to town on some lettuce right now. Wow, look at it floating up. right now. Wow, look at it floating up. right now. Wow, look at it floating up. They are really going to town on that They are really going to town on that They are really going to town on that thing. Pro tip, I'm just discovering thing. Pro tip, I'm just discovering thing. Pro tip, I'm just discovering today. Um, I feel like I usually end up today. Um, I feel like I usually end up today. Um, I feel like I usually end up at the seas towards the afternoon at the seas towards the afternoon at the seas towards the afternoon because it just doesn't seem like the because it just doesn't seem like the because it just doesn't seem like the most high priority activity. Go to the most high priority activity. Go to the most high priority activity. Go to the seas uh earlier in the day. Animals are seas uh earlier in the day. Animals are seas uh earlier in the day. Animals are getting fed. They're demonstrating the getting fed. They're demonstrating the getting fed. They're demonstrating the lockout tank. It's really cool in here. lockout tank. It's really cool in here. lockout tank. It's really cool in here. GO82 is a brand new lounge here in Epcot GO82 is a brand new lounge here in Epcot GO82 is a brand new lounge here in Epcot that is um themed to Spaceship Earth. It that is um themed to Spaceship Earth. It that is um themed to Spaceship Earth. It is supposed to be as if you are dining is supposed to be as if you are dining is supposed to be as if you are dining right against the wall of Spaceship right against the wall of Spaceship right against the wall of Spaceship Earth. and it's in the same building, so Earth. and it's in the same building, so Earth. and it's in the same building, so it's very cool. Um, greating or upscale, it's very cool. Um, greating or upscale, it's very cool. Um, greating or upscale, adults only. Um, but great food and adults only. Um, but great food and adults only. Um, but great food and incredible drinks. This one is a bit of incredible drinks. This one is a bit of incredible drinks. This one is a bit of a trickier reservation to get, but it's a trickier reservation to get, but it's a trickier reservation to get, but it's not impossible. I do recommend grabbing not impossible. I do recommend grabbing not impossible. I do recommend grabbing it well in advance if you want a it well in advance if you want a it well in advance if you want a reservation here, but if you don't see reservation here, but if you don't see reservation here, but if you don't see one, keep your eye out because one might one, keep your eye out because one might one, keep your eye out because one might appear. Hi. appear. Hi. appear. Hi. &gt;&gt; Would you like a tranquility scented &gt;&gt; Would you like a tranquility scented &gt;&gt; Would you like a tranquility scented hand towel? hand towel? hand towel? &gt;&gt; Please. Thank you. And this is my &gt;&gt; Please. Thank you. And this is my &gt;&gt; Please. Thank you. And this is my tranquility scented hand towel. And it tranquility scented hand towel. And it tranquility scented hand towel. And it is tranquility scented. Smells like a is tranquility scented. Smells like a is tranquility scented. Smells like a spa. Thank you. Okay, my drink arrived. Thank you. Okay, my drink arrived. Thank you. Okay, my drink arrived. Caramelized leak martini. That is an Caramelized leak martini. That is an Caramelized leak martini. That is an onion in it. It's forged in dry onion in it. It's forged in dry onion in it. It's forged in dry shamblies shamblies shamblies leak and pickled onion. Now, the first leak and pickled onion. Now, the first leak and pickled onion. Now, the first time I got this on their opening day, time I got this on their opening day, time I got this on their opening day, they put like an entire pickled onion in they put like an entire pickled onion in they put like an entire pickled onion in here. I do miss that guy. This one's here. I do miss that guy. This one's here. I do miss that guy. This one's little, but it is delicious. little, but it is delicious. little, but it is delicious. briney onion meat. They literally cook briney onion meat. They literally cook briney onion meat. They literally cook like caramelized leaks on the stove and like caramelized leaks on the stove and like caramelized leaks on the stove and then infused the gin with it. And my fun then infused the gin with it. And my fun then infused the gin with it. And my fun little clock credit here. I wish you a little clock credit here. I wish you a little clock credit here. I wish you a two smell of the gin. I wish you could two smell of the gin. I wish you could two smell of the gin. I wish you could smell this. It's obviously extremely smell this. It's obviously extremely smell this. It's obviously extremely mushroomy. I see anokei mushrooms all mushroomy. I see anokei mushrooms all mushroomy. I see anokei mushrooms all over it. Tons of big blotches of over it. Tons of big blotches of over it. Tons of big blotches of mozzarella. That's got like a nice oily mozzarella. That's got like a nice oily mozzarella. That's got like a nice oily sheen. Positive. And tons of onions. It's so like creamy, cheesy, buttery. It's so like creamy, cheesy, buttery. It's so like creamy, cheesy, buttery. &gt;&gt; It's like packed with amami. &gt;&gt; It's like packed with amami. &gt;&gt; It's like packed with amami. &gt;&gt; Have all these mushrooms flew on top. &gt;&gt; Have all these mushrooms flew on top. &gt;&gt; Have all these mushrooms flew on top. That was one of the textural challenges That was one of the textural challenges That was one of the textural challenges of mushrooms. Just like incredible of mushrooms. Just like incredible of mushrooms. Just like incredible aromatics. aromatics. aromatics. Gio82 done. That was a quick I'm looking Gio82 done. That was a quick I'm looking Gio82 done. That was a quick I'm looking I just tried to check my watch. So, it I just tried to check my watch. So, it I just tried to check my watch. So, it was a quick reservation. Less than like was a quick reservation. Less than like was a quick reservation. Less than like it was like 30 40 minutes. really um it was like 30 40 minutes. really um it was like 30 40 minutes. really um perfect to just like sit, have my perfect to just like sit, have my perfect to just like sit, have my drinks, my little snack, but not eat a drinks, my little snack, but not eat a drinks, my little snack, but not eat a ton of my day. Now, Jo was pricey for ton of my day. Now, Jo was pricey for ton of my day. Now, Jo was pricey for one drink and one food item. I spent one drink and one food item. I spent one drink and one food item. I spent about $43 before tip, about $43 before tip, about $43 before tip, &gt;&gt; which it's an upscale experience. &gt;&gt; which it's an upscale experience. &gt;&gt; which it's an upscale experience. &gt;&gt; We know we have so many family experts &gt;&gt; We know we have so many family experts &gt;&gt; We know we have so many family experts here today. here today. here today. &gt;&gt; We really do. &gt;&gt; We really do. &gt;&gt; We really do. &gt;&gt; Now, if we can talk about Bruno, &gt;&gt; Now, if we can talk about Bruno, &gt;&gt; Now, if we can talk about Bruno, &gt;&gt; can we sing about him, too? &gt;&gt; can we sing about him, too? &gt;&gt; can we sing about him, too? &gt;&gt; What those guys say? Yes. &gt;&gt; What those guys say? Yes. &gt;&gt; What those guys say? Yes. &gt;&gt; Anyway, it's kind of like an &gt;&gt; Anyway, it's kind of like an &gt;&gt; Anyway, it's kind of like an incandalong. Um, definitely worth seeing incandalong. Um, definitely worth seeing incandalong. Um, definitely worth seeing if we got kiddos that loving content. I if we got kiddos that loving content. I if we got kiddos that loving content. I know a lot of them do. I am kiddos. We know a lot of them do. I am kiddos. We know a lot of them do. I am kiddos. We are going to venture into World are going to venture into World are going to venture into World Showcase. We haven't finished World Showcase. We haven't finished World Showcase. We haven't finished World Nature or technically World Celebration, Nature or technically World Celebration, Nature or technically World Celebration, but I have a plan for that. That's going but I have a plan for that. That's going but I have a plan for that. That's going to result in us not taking 8 million to result in us not taking 8 million to result in us not taking 8 million steps today. If you think we're going steps today. If you think we're going steps today. If you think we're going left towards Mexico and that that's the left towards Mexico and that that's the left towards Mexico and that that's the right direction, you're wrong. And if right direction, you're wrong. And if right direction, you're wrong. And if you think we're going right towards you think we're going right towards you think we're going right towards Canada and that that's the right Canada and that that's the right Canada and that that's the right direction, you're also wrong. Our timing direction, you're also wrong. Our timing direction, you're also wrong. Our timing is very bad because the boat's pulling is very bad because the boat's pulling is very bad because the boat's pulling away. But we are still going to do this away. But we are still going to do this away. But we are still going to do this run showcase as a lap around going run showcase as a lap around going run showcase as a lap around going between Germany and right here at the between Germany and right here at the between Germany and right here at the friendship landing dock since we just friendship landing dock since we just friendship landing dock since we just missed the boat. I don't know. Do we missed the boat. I don't know. Do we missed the boat. I don't know. Do we need another snack? Maybe. One thing need another snack? Maybe. One thing need another snack? Maybe. One thing about Epcot is that year round there are about Epcot is that year round there are about Epcot is that year round there are four festivals. Festival of the Arts in four festivals. Festival of the Arts in four festivals. Festival of the Arts in the beginning of the year, then in the the beginning of the year, then in the the beginning of the year, then in the spring flower and garden festival, then spring flower and garden festival, then spring flower and garden festival, then in the fall food and wine, and in the in the fall food and wine, and in the in the fall food and wine, and in the winter festival of the holidays. winter festival of the holidays. winter festival of the holidays. Currently, when I'm filming this, it's Currently, when I'm filming this, it's Currently, when I'm filming this, it's Festival of the Holidays. By the time Festival of the Holidays. By the time Festival of the Holidays. By the time you're watching this, it's getting you're watching this, it's getting you're watching this, it's getting closer to Festival of the Arts and closer to Festival of the Arts and closer to Festival of the Arts and there's other fests. But regardless, the there's other fests. But regardless, the there's other fests. But regardless, the festivals are where you'll find a lot of festivals are where you'll find a lot of festivals are where you'll find a lot of specialty entertainment, snacks, and specialty entertainment, snacks, and specialty entertainment, snacks, and things to see and do all around Epcot. things to see and do all around Epcot. things to see and do all around Epcot. These will happen in festival booths These will happen in festival booths These will happen in festival booths like you see up ahead of me. And if you like you see up ahead of me. And if you like you see up ahead of me. And if you are here during a festival, which odds are here during a festival, which odds are here during a festival, which odds are you are, there are only a handful of are you are, there are only a handful of are you are, there are only a handful of weeks in the entire year that do not weeks in the entire year that do not weeks in the entire year that do not have a festival going on. These are have a festival going on. These are have a festival going on. These are absolutely part of a perfect day. I just absolutely part of a perfect day. I just absolutely part of a perfect day. I just had savory, so I think we switched to had savory, so I think we switched to had savory, so I think we switched to sweet at this time. uh and get a hot sweet at this time. uh and get a hot sweet at this time. uh and get a hot cocoa flight, which sounds really tasty. cocoa flight, which sounds really tasty. cocoa flight, which sounds really tasty. So, what they have at the festival does So, what they have at the festival does So, what they have at the festival does vary from festival to festival depending vary from festival to festival depending vary from festival to festival depending on which one you're at. If you're on which one you're at. If you're on which one you're at. If you're curious about the festival that is going curious about the festival that is going curious about the festival that is going to be happening during your trip, uh we to be happening during your trip, uh we to be happening during your trip, uh we do record a video on opening day of do record a video on opening day of do record a video on opening day of every festival where we try every single every festival where we try every single every festival where we try every single booth and show off all the entertainment booth and show off all the entertainment booth and show off all the entertainment and everything you can possibly do. We and everything you can possibly do. We and everything you can possibly do. We do it every single year for all four do it every single year for all four do it every single year for all four festivals. So, if you're headed to festivals. So, if you're headed to festivals. So, if you're headed to Disney World, go look up what dates the Disney World, go look up what dates the Disney World, go look up what dates the festival is happening. You can learn all festival is happening. You can learn all festival is happening. You can learn all about it on all.net, our blog. And then about it on all.net, our blog. And then about it on all.net, our blog. And then when that opening day happens two days when that opening day happens two days when that opening day happens two days later, you will see the post from Mers later, you will see the post from Mers later, you will see the post from Mers on YouTube with a full review of the on YouTube with a full review of the on YouTube with a full review of the festival to give you all of our festival to give you all of our festival to give you all of our recommendations. I got this hot cocoa recommendations. I got this hot cocoa recommendations. I got this hot cocoa flight with a Christmas sugar cookie hot flight with a Christmas sugar cookie hot flight with a Christmas sugar cookie hot cocoa, a gingerbread hot cocoa, and cocoa, a gingerbread hot cocoa, and cocoa, a gingerbread hot cocoa, and cookie butter hot cocoa. cookie butter hot cocoa. cookie butter hot cocoa. Oh, it's sweet. So, the back half of Oh, it's sweet. So, the back half of Oh, it's sweet. So, the back half of Epcot is dedicated to World Showcase, Epcot is dedicated to World Showcase, Epcot is dedicated to World Showcase, [music] and that is 11 different [music] and that is 11 different [music] and that is 11 different pavilions dedicated to countries around pavilions dedicated to countries around pavilions dedicated to countries around the world. Uh the only way to get around the world. Uh the only way to get around the world. Uh the only way to get around World Trac is to walk it and it is uh I World Trac is to walk it and it is uh I World Trac is to walk it and it is uh I think about a mile and a half around the think about a mile and a half around the think about a mile and a half around the entire loop. The only shortcut there is entire loop. The only shortcut there is entire loop. The only shortcut there is is this boat which at the time of is this boat which at the time of is this boat which at the time of filming goes between the Canada pavilion filming goes between the Canada pavilion filming goes between the Canada pavilion which is where we just took it from to which is where we just took it from to which is where we just took it from to Germany which is where we are now. But Germany which is where we are now. But Germany which is where we are now. But as it used to go between Canada and as it used to go between Canada and as it used to go between Canada and Morocco. So it might have a little bit Morocco. So it might have a little bit Morocco. So it might have a little bit of variance. The goal though is to get of variance. The goal though is to get of variance. The goal though is to get you a crossworld showcase. I'm debating you a crossworld showcase. I'm debating you a crossworld showcase. I'm debating right now. We're a little later in the right now. We're a little later in the right now. We're a little later in the day, so the tip isn't as solid. But if day, so the tip isn't as solid. But if day, so the tip isn't as solid. But if you're doing a drink around the world you're doing a drink around the world you're doing a drink around the world day, a festival day, either of those day, a festival day, either of those day, a festival day, either of those things, the boats typically start around things, the boats typically start around things, the boats typically start around you need to walk away from France. you need to walk away from France. you need to walk away from France. [music] That's your goal. If you walk [music] That's your goal. If you walk [music] That's your goal. If you walk away from France, you're going to end up away from France, you're going to end up away from France, you're going to end up going the opposite direction of the going the opposite direction of the going the opposite direction of the crowds coming from Mexico. You're going crowds coming from Mexico. You're going crowds coming from Mexico. You're going to end up many, many, many pavilions to end up many, many, many pavilions to end up many, many, many pavilions ahead of the crowds coming from the back ahead of the crowds coming from the back ahead of the crowds coming from the back entrance near France. And for those in entrance near France. And for those in entrance near France. And for those in drinker Canada, it means you are some of drinker Canada, it means you are some of drinker Canada, it means you are some of the only people whose World Showcase the only people whose World Showcase the only people whose World Showcase pace is different. Um, and it does mean pace is different. Um, and it does mean pace is different. Um, and it does mean that that like crowd eb and flow does that that like crowd eb and flow does that that like crowd eb and flow does land a little bit in your favor. I'm land a little bit in your favor. I'm land a little bit in your favor. I'm trying to decide if I want to go watch trying to decide if I want to go watch trying to decide if I want to go watch the American adventure right now. So, the American adventure right now. So, the American adventure right now. So, we're going to go Italy and then America we're going to go Italy and then America we're going to go Italy and then America and then we're going to just pass back and then we're going to just pass back and then we're going to just pass back through Italy and continue that way. through Italy and continue that way. through Italy and continue that way. Finishing up our day uh in Japan for Finishing up our day uh in Japan for Finishing up our day uh in Japan for dinner. Let's start our world showcase dinner. Let's start our world showcase dinner. Let's start our world showcase exploration in Italy. All right. Bjouro exploration in Italy. All right. Bjouro exploration in Italy. All right. Bjouro Italy Pavilion. Uh, this is actually my Italy Pavilion. Uh, this is actually my Italy Pavilion. Uh, this is actually my least favorite pavilion. There's not too least favorite pavilion. There's not too least favorite pavilion. There's not too much to do here. No attractions. [music] much to do here. No attractions. [music] much to do here. No attractions. [music] There's a lot of really great sit down There's a lot of really great sit down There's a lot of really great sit down dining, but that's not what we're doing dining, but that's not what we're doing dining, but that's not what we're doing right now. We just did sit down dining. right now. We just did sit down dining. right now. We just did sit down dining. So, it's kind of just a beautiful So, it's kind of just a beautiful So, it's kind of just a beautiful pavilion to explore. And then my pavilion to explore. And then my pavilion to explore. And then my favorite thing to do is to go look at favorite thing to do is to go look at favorite thing to do is to go look at some of the unique merchandise. We some of the unique merchandise. We some of the unique merchandise. We cruise back here in this little secret cruise back here in this little secret cruise back here in this little secret back door. This back room is home to back door. This back room is home to back door. This back room is home to masks. Venian style masks. They have masks. Venian style masks. They have masks. Venian style masks. They have pink masks and then just incredible pink masks and then just incredible pink masks and then just incredible beautiful beautiful beautiful masquerade masks and just the artistry masquerade masks and just the artistry masquerade masks and just the artistry is insane. is insane. is insane. Look at these ones that are shaped like Look at these ones that are shaped like Look at these ones that are shaped like violins. There's a dragon up there. violins. There's a dragon up there. violins. There's a dragon up there. Um, and in general, all the World Um, and in general, all the World Um, and in general, all the World Showcase pavilions do have [music] Showcase pavilions do have [music] Showcase pavilions do have [music] imported merchandise. So, uh, here in imported merchandise. So, uh, here in imported merchandise. So, uh, here in Italy, some designer merchandise, Italy, some designer merchandise, Italy, some designer merchandise, fragrances, [music] bags, that kind of fragrances, [music] bags, that kind of fragrances, [music] bags, that kind of thing. Um, so you can actually find some thing. Um, so you can actually find some thing. Um, so you can actually find some very unique souvenirs if you are very unique souvenirs if you are very unique souvenirs if you are actually traveling the world throughout actually traveling the world throughout actually traveling the world throughout World Showcase. There is La Jalaseras World Showcase. There is La Jalaseras World Showcase. There is La Jalaseras Pascana right here, [music] which is a Pascana right here, [music] which is a Pascana right here, [music] which is a really incredible gelato. It is also really incredible gelato. It is also really incredible gelato. It is also really expensive. $8 for a small, I really expensive. $8 for a small, I really expensive. $8 for a small, I think, is what it costs. They also have think, is what it costs. They also have think, is what it costs. They also have avocado here. One of my favorite avocado here. One of my favorite avocado here. One of my favorite desserts in the world. But we've made desserts in the world. But we've made desserts in the world. But we've made our way into America. Now, America is an our way into America. Now, America is an our way into America. Now, America is an interesting pavilion because on the interesting pavilion because on the interesting pavilion because on the surface kind of seems like there's not a surface kind of seems like there's not a surface kind of seems like there's not a lot going on. There is a really tasty lot going on. There is a really tasty lot going on. There is a really tasty barbecue restaurant, which is one of my barbecue restaurant, which is one of my barbecue restaurant, which is one of my favorite quick services in Disney World. favorite quick services in Disney World. favorite quick services in Disney World. A fun fact is that there, you know, A fun fact is that there, you know, A fun fact is that there, you know, there's some barbecue around Disney. there's some barbecue around Disney. there's some barbecue around Disney. There's actually a good amount of There's actually a good amount of There's actually a good amount of barbecue around Disney. A lot of people barbecue around Disney. A lot of people barbecue around Disney. A lot of people say Polite pick in Disney Springs is the say Polite pick in Disney Springs is the say Polite pick in Disney Springs is the best barbecue in Disney World. I best barbecue in Disney World. I best barbecue in Disney World. I disagree. I think the best barbecue in disagree. I think the best barbecue in disagree. I think the best barbecue in Disney World is found right here in Disney World is found right here in Disney World is found right here in Epcot at Regal Eagle Smokehouse. And I'm Epcot at Regal Eagle Smokehouse. And I'm Epcot at Regal Eagle Smokehouse. And I'm from North Carolina, so I have big from North Carolina, so I have big from North Carolina, so I have big barbecue opinions. My good friend AJ barbecue opinions. My good friend AJ barbecue opinions. My good friend AJ from Disney Food Blog agrees with me and from Disney Food Blog agrees with me and from Disney Food Blog agrees with me and she lives in Texas, so she also has big she lives in Texas, so she also has big she lives in Texas, so she also has big barbecue opinions. And this is the barbecue opinions. And this is the barbecue opinions. And this is the winner in my book. It's all about the winner in my book. It's all about the winner in my book. It's all about the sauces. You know, they got a vinegar sauces. You know, they got a vinegar sauces. You know, they got a vinegar based sauce here that is delicious. Of based sauce here that is delicious. Of based sauce here that is delicious. Of course, I'm still full, so we won't be course, I'm still full, so we won't be course, I'm still full, so we won't be going there. Instead, we'll be going to going there. Instead, we'll be going to going there. Instead, we'll be going to the attraction at the American the attraction at the American the attraction at the American Adventure, which is Disney's epic Adventure, which is Disney's epic Adventure, which is Disney's epic theatrical event on stage and screen, theatrical event on stage and screen, theatrical event on stage and screen, where there's an animatronic stage show where there's an animatronic stage show where there's an animatronic stage show uh going through a little bit of the uh going through a little bit of the uh going through a little bit of the history of America and the American history of America and the American history of America and the American Adventure. On the way in, it looks like Adventure. On the way in, it looks like Adventure. On the way in, it looks like we are just in time to catch the Voices we are just in time to catch the Voices we are just in time to catch the Voices of Liberty, a renowned ac capella group of Liberty, a renowned ac capella group of Liberty, a renowned ac capella group that sings here in the incredibly uh that sings here in the incredibly uh that sings here in the incredibly uh acoustic rotunda. Um, a lot of folks are acoustic rotunda. Um, a lot of folks are acoustic rotunda. Um, a lot of folks are moved to tears when they hear them. So, moved to tears when they hear them. So, moved to tears when they hear them. So, this is certainly part of a perfect day. this is certainly part of a perfect day. this is certainly part of a perfect day. They are in their Christmas wear, but They are in their Christmas wear, but They are in their Christmas wear, but they sing year round. they sing year round. they sing year round. [singing] &gt;&gt; Glory to [singing] &gt;&gt; Glory to [singing] &gt;&gt; Glory to [singing] the newborn the newborn the newborn king. king. king. [music] [music] [music] [cheering] [cheering] [cheering] [applause] [applause] [applause] It was so wonderful. You have to see the It was so wonderful. You have to see the It was so wonderful. You have to see the I'm like emotional. It was so wonderful. I'm like emotional. It was so wonderful. I'm like emotional. It was so wonderful. You have to see the voice of Liberty. You have to see the voice of Liberty. You have to see the voice of Liberty. They are so good. Soaring incredible They are so good. Soaring incredible They are so good. Soaring incredible vocals. Everybody in the audience was vocals. Everybody in the audience was vocals. Everybody in the audience was silent, including the little little kids silent, including the little little kids silent, including the little little kids just enraptured cuz they are that good. just enraptured cuz they are that good. just enraptured cuz they are that good. Uh, make them a part of your ref. Uh, make them a part of your ref. Uh, make them a part of your ref. They're part of a perfect day. Um, and They're part of a perfect day. Um, and They're part of a perfect day. Um, and that will segue us perfectly into seeing that will segue us perfectly into seeing that will segue us perfectly into seeing the American adventure. It is so fun if the American adventure. It is so fun if the American adventure. It is so fun if you are interested in history, which is you are interested in history, which is you are interested in history, which is not me. I mean, I'm interested in not me. I mean, I'm interested in not me. I mean, I'm interested in history, just not like a meabuff, but I history, just not like a meabuff, but I history, just not like a meabuff, but I love this show because I love love this show because I love love this show because I love animatronics and the robots on this are animatronics and the robots on this are animatronics and the robots on this are awesome. Um, it's also the single best awesome. Um, it's also the single best awesome. Um, it's also the single best place in Epcot to hit in the middle of place in Epcot to hit in the middle of place in Epcot to hit in the middle of your day for a little bit of rest. We your day for a little bit of rest. We your day for a little bit of rest. We have had a go- go go morning, a big have had a go- go go morning, a big have had a go- go go morning, a big lunch, and I'm feeling a little ready to lunch, and I'm feeling a little ready to lunch, and I'm feeling a little ready to simmer down for a minute. So, I'm going simmer down for a minute. So, I'm going simmer down for a minute. So, I'm going to go watch the American Adventure. And to go watch the American Adventure. And to go watch the American Adventure. And no one will know if you go to sleep. I'm no one will know if you go to sleep. I'm no one will know if you go to sleep. I'm not going to today, but sometimes I do. not going to today, but sometimes I do. not going to today, but sometimes I do. So, that's an option. [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Right. I'm feeling both rejuvenated and &gt;&gt; Right. I'm feeling both rejuvenated and &gt;&gt; Right. I'm feeling both rejuvenated and patriotic, which is how you should feel patriotic, which is how you should feel patriotic, which is how you should feel after seeing the American adventure. after seeing the American adventure. after seeing the American adventure. Whether you slept through it or not, you Whether you slept through it or not, you Whether you slept through it or not, you you'll you'll get the patriotism. It'll you'll you'll get the patriotism. It'll you'll you'll get the patriotism. It'll come into your skin through osmosis. come into your skin through osmosis. come into your skin through osmosis. It's how it works. Um, all right. Now, It's how it works. Um, all right. Now, It's how it works. Um, all right. Now, I'm going back towards Germany. So, I I'm going back towards Germany. So, I I'm going back towards Germany. So, I get that break back over in uh the front get that break back over in uh the front get that break back over in uh the front of the park from World Showcase. [music] of the park from World Showcase. [music] of the park from World Showcase. [music] But Germany looking quite swell. Uh we But Germany looking quite swell. Uh we But Germany looking quite swell. Uh we got to stop by one of my favorite things got to stop by one of my favorite things got to stop by one of my favorite things to see and one that I definitely to see and one that I definitely to see and one that I definitely recommend you take a gander at, and that recommend you take a gander at, and that recommend you take a gander at, and that is the tiny train town. is the tiny train town. is the tiny train town. There do seem to have been some train There do seem to have been some train There do seem to have been some train accidents here. accidents here. accidents here. Uh this train down, that train also Uh this train down, that train also Uh this train down, that train also down. They do have a guy who guy for down. They do have a guy who guy for down. They do have a guy who guy for this. He's probably on his way as we this. He's probably on his way as we this. He's probably on his way as we speak to come and uh reset these trains speak to come and uh reset these trains speak to come and uh reset these trains back on their tracks. But that one up back on their tracks. But that one up back on their tracks. But that one up there's running okay. there's running okay. there's running okay. Although it looks like that might be Although it looks like that might be Although it looks like that might be only some of the cars. They even do only some of the cars. They even do only some of the cars. They even do little mini festivals. Look at the little mini festivals. Look at the little mini festivals. Look at the banners down there. That's little banners down there. That's little banners down there. That's little festival banners just like the ones you festival banners just like the ones you festival banners just like the ones you can see around Epcot cuz they're having can see around Epcot cuz they're having can see around Epcot cuz they're having their own festival. Now we find their own festival. Now we find their own festival. Now we find ourselves in Germany. Most showcase the ourselves in Germany. Most showcase the ourselves in Germany. Most showcase the pavilions do not have rides in them. a pavilions do not have rides in them. a pavilions do not have rides in them. a lot of shows and entertainment. There's lots of Rapunzel and Snow White There's lots of Rapunzel and Snow White There's lots of Rapunzel and Snow White merch usually in Germany because those merch usually in Germany because those merch usually in Germany because those princesses are from here. And on the princesses are from here. And on the princesses are from here. And on the pavilion, you can usually find imported pavilion, you can usually find imported pavilion, you can usually find imported merchandise like we saw in Italy. Then merchandise like we saw in Italy. Then merchandise like we saw in Italy. Then there's usually also imported candies there's usually also imported candies there's usually also imported candies and chips and snacks. They're obviously and chips and snacks. They're obviously and chips and snacks. They're obviously going to be a little pricey, but very going to be a little pricey, but very going to be a little pricey, but very fun to try stuff that you can't fun to try stuff that you can't fun to try stuff that you can't typically find elsewhere in the US. This typically find elsewhere in the US. This typically find elsewhere in the US. This shop is uh where I recommend if you are shop is uh where I recommend if you are shop is uh where I recommend if you are headed to drink around the world in headed to drink around the world in headed to drink around the world in Germany. There are lots of German lors, Germany. There are lots of German lors, Germany. There are lots of German lors, beers, wines that you can get at this beers, wines that you can get at this beers, wines that you can get at this wine counter in here. Um particularly wine counter in here. Um particularly wine counter in here. Um particularly popular are the Mozart chocolates. And popular are the Mozart chocolates. And popular are the Mozart chocolates. And then I really recommend uh the apple then I really recommend uh the apple then I really recommend uh the apple tastes like apple juice. And I really tastes like apple juice. And I really tastes like apple juice. And I really love this uh pear lore which even has a love this uh pear lore which even has a love this uh pear lore which even has a pear in it. Fun fact, the way they do pear in it. Fun fact, the way they do pear in it. Fun fact, the way they do the pear thing is they actually grow the the pear thing is they actually grow the the pear thing is they actually grow the pears in the bottle. So they when the pears in the bottle. So they when the pears in the bottle. So they when the flowers happen which is before the fruit flowers happen which is before the fruit flowers happen which is before the fruit they put the bottle on the stem tie it they put the bottle on the stem tie it they put the bottle on the stem tie it on so the pear grows in the bottle cuz on so the pear grows in the bottle cuz on so the pear grows in the bottle cuz otherwise how would you get it in there otherwise how would you get it in there otherwise how would you get it in there which is very cool. This is caramel which is very cool. This is caramel which is very cool. This is caramel kukia uh which is a Worther's caramel kukia uh which is a Worther's caramel kukia uh which is a Worther's caramel shrub. The smell in here is absolutely shrub. The smell in here is absolutely shrub. The smell in here is absolutely dectable and they have a whole case of dectable and they have a whole case of dectable and they have a whole case of delicious looking Worther's treats. delicious looking Worther's treats. delicious looking Worther's treats. We're going to have to switch the savory We're going to have to switch the savory We're going to have to switch the savory next time we get get something. next time we get get something. next time we get get something. I did get a caramel butter bar. Wait I did get a caramel butter bar. Wait I did get a caramel butter bar. Wait till you see this. It's so like buttery. till you see this. It's so like buttery. till you see this. It's so like buttery. Here she is. Doesn't look all that Here she is. Doesn't look all that Here she is. Doesn't look all that exciting, but exciting, but exciting, but [music] it's like on another level. I'm [music] it's like on another level. I'm [music] it's like on another level. I'm not going to eat it all right now. It's not going to eat it all right now. It's not going to eat it all right now. It's so rich. African Outpost is not really a full African Outpost is not really a full African Outpost is not really a full pavilion. It's kind of just a little pavilion. It's kind of just a little pavilion. It's kind of just a little pass through. Um, but you can get your pass through. Um, but you can get your pass through. Um, but you can get your face painted here. They do actually have face painted here. They do actually have face painted here. They do actually have some like traditional African some like traditional African some like traditional African merchandise merchandise merchandise um and keepsakes. You can get uh a lot um and keepsakes. You can get uh a lot um and keepsakes. You can get uh a lot more of those over in Africa in Animal more of those over in Africa in Animal more of those over in Africa in Animal Kingdom. But this is kind of just a Kingdom. But this is kind of just a Kingdom. But this is kind of just a little spot to cruise through. little spot to cruise through. little spot to cruise through. [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] You can drum or your children can drum. You can drum or your children can drum. You can drum or your children can drum. Children love drums almost as much as Children love drums almost as much as Children love drums almost as much as they love jets of water. really it's they love jets of water. really it's they love jets of water. really it's kind of hotly debated uh in the children kind of hotly debated uh in the children kind of hotly debated uh in the children communities whether [music] drums or communities whether [music] drums or communities whether [music] drums or jets of water are more exciting. But jets of water are more exciting. But jets of water are more exciting. But that brings us into China. China does that brings us into China. China does that brings us into China. China does actually have its own film. Little bit actually have its own film. Little bit actually have its own film. Little bit outdated, but it's a circle vision film, outdated, but it's a circle vision film, outdated, but it's a circle vision film, which means the screen goes all the way which means the screen goes all the way which means the screen goes all the way around the entire theater. [music] around the entire theater. [music] around the entire theater. [music] Honestly, what time is it? We have I we Honestly, what time is it? We have I we Honestly, what time is it? We have I we have until like 9:30 here tonight. The have until like 9:30 here tonight. The have until like 9:30 here tonight. The park closes at 9:30 park closes at 9:30 park closes at 9:30 and I feel like we're making really good and I feel like we're making really good and I feel like we're making really good time. So, I'm almost tempted to see time. So, I'm almost tempted to see time. So, I'm almost tempted to see Reflections of China. We might as well Reflections of China. We might as well Reflections of China. We might as well just see all the little movies. You just see all the little movies. You just see all the little movies. You know, it's 3:27, so we have 6 hours. know, it's 3:27, so we have 6 hours. know, it's 3:27, so we have 6 hours. Let's skip it. Let's skip it because Let's skip it. Let's skip it because Let's skip it. Let's skip it because with dinner, a little nervous that if we with dinner, a little nervous that if we with dinner, a little nervous that if we did this, we might have to skip did this, we might have to skip did this, we might have to skip something we want to do later. something we want to do later. something we want to do later. Otherwise, good spots to stop in China Otherwise, good spots to stop in China Otherwise, good spots to stop in China are at Joy Tea, which is a great spot are at Joy Tea, which is a great spot are at Joy Tea, which is a great spot for cocktails. They have really tasty for cocktails. They have really tasty for cocktails. They have really tasty cocktails. Um, and then they have really cocktails. Um, and then they have really cocktails. Um, and then they have really fun like merchandise shops in the back. fun like merchandise shops in the back. fun like merchandise shops in the back. Think we're going to continue on though. Think we're going to continue on though. Think we're going to continue on though. If you want really indepth exploration If you want really indepth exploration If you want really indepth exploration of every World Showcase Pavilion, of every World Showcase Pavilion, of every World Showcase Pavilion, Breedlove and I recently ranked them Breedlove and I recently ranked them Breedlove and I recently ranked them all. It's a hot debate. Uh, very all. It's a hot debate. Uh, very all. It's a hot debate. Uh, very intense, but we came to a pretty solid intense, but we came to a pretty solid intense, but we came to a pretty solid conclusion, I think. Um, and in that conclusion, I think. Um, and in that conclusion, I think. Um, and in that video, we do sort of show you everything video, we do sort of show you everything video, we do sort of show you everything the pavilions have to offer. But we are the pavilions have to offer. But we are the pavilions have to offer. But we are on to one of the most popular pavilions on to one of the most popular pavilions on to one of the most popular pavilions in Woki, and that is Norway. Why is it in Woki, and that is Norway. Why is it in Woki, and that is Norway. Why is it so popular? Because it is home to Frozen so popular? Because it is home to Frozen so popular? Because it is home to Frozen Ever After, the Frozen attraction. Uh, Ever After, the Frozen attraction. Uh, Ever After, the Frozen attraction. Uh, this attraction is getting an update this attraction is getting an update this attraction is getting an update soon where the animatronics projection soon where the animatronics projection soon where the animatronics projection faces are getting turned into actual faces are getting turned into actual faces are getting turned into actual robotics faces. I do think we're going robotics faces. I do think we're going robotics faces. I do think we're going to ride Frozen Ever After. It's not an to ride Frozen Ever After. It's not an to ride Frozen Ever After. It's not an Epcot perfect day if you don't. It's Epcot perfect day if you don't. It's Epcot perfect day if you don't. It's only a 45minute wait, which is really only a 45minute wait, which is really only a 45minute wait, which is really amazing. And it means my strategy is amazing. And it means my strategy is amazing. And it means my strategy is working because 45 minutes for Frozen working because 45 minutes for Frozen working because 45 minutes for Frozen Ever After is not that bad and often Ever After is not that bad and often Ever After is not that bad and often moves a little bit faster than it says. moves a little bit faster than it says. moves a little bit faster than it says. &gt;&gt; Let it go. Let it go. You'll never see &gt;&gt; Let it go. Let it go. You'll never see &gt;&gt; Let it go. Let it go. You'll never see me. me. me. &gt;&gt; All right, I was 40 minutes clean &gt;&gt; All right, I was 40 minutes clean &gt;&gt; All right, I was 40 minutes clean &gt;&gt; to boarding. [music] [music] [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; That ride is such a must do for me. &gt;&gt; That ride is such a must do for me. &gt;&gt; That ride is such a must do for me. Makes me feel like a little kid again. Makes me feel like a little kid again. Makes me feel like a little kid again. It's so like classic. Like you're just It's so like classic. Like you're just It's so like classic. Like you're just seeing the character scenes in the movie seeing the character scenes in the movie seeing the character scenes in the movie and the ride track has always been and the ride track has always been and the ride track has always been great. Even back when it was Maelstrom. great. Even back when it was Maelstrom. great. Even back when it was Maelstrom. Shout out Maelstrom. Shout out the Shout out Maelstrom. Shout out the Shout out Maelstrom. Shout out the trolls and the puffins. part of the trolls and the puffins. part of the trolls and the puffins. part of the waterfalls off. So, the hidden sword is waterfalls off. So, the hidden sword is waterfalls off. So, the hidden sword is very visual visible today. Look at that. very visual visible today. Look at that. very visual visible today. Look at that. Usually that's hidden behind water. One Usually that's hidden behind water. One Usually that's hidden behind water. One thing about World Showcase is that you thing about World Showcase is that you thing about World Showcase is that you never know what doors you can open. Like never know what doors you can open. Like never know what doors you can open. Like this one looks like you probably aren't this one looks like you probably aren't this one looks like you probably aren't allowed in there, but you are. It's a allowed in there, but you are. It's a allowed in there, but you are. It's a exhibit. This is called the stave church exhibit. This is called the stave church exhibit. This is called the stave church and it has a little um Norse mythology and it has a little um Norse mythology and it has a little um Norse mythology exhibit. What we got here? Viking casket exhibit. What we got here? Viking casket exhibit. What we got here? Viking casket key. That's a replica. This gold key. That's a replica. This gold key. That's a replica. This gold brackate is from 400 to 550 AD. Just brackate is from 400 to 550 AD. Just brackate is from 400 to 550 AD. Just like actual real like actual real like actual real historical artifacts in here. Just very historical artifacts in here. Just very historical artifacts in here. Just very cool. cool. cool. &gt;&gt; Don't miss it. You can walk in without a &gt;&gt; Don't miss it. You can walk in without a &gt;&gt; Don't miss it. You can walk in without a line, so it's worth seeing. Something line, so it's worth seeing. Something line, so it's worth seeing. Something new happening here. There's like a new happening here. There's like a new happening here. There's like a grassy roof over what looks like a new grassy roof over what looks like a new grassy roof over what looks like a new kiosk. Um, this used to just be like a kiosk. Um, this used to just be like a kiosk. Um, this used to just be like a little cart basically, but now it's little cart basically, but now it's little cart basically, but now it's looking like it's going to be a little looking like it's going to be a little looking like it's going to be a little more themed. Speaking of Donald more themed. Speaking of Donald more themed. Speaking of Donald Sombrero, you can meet him right over Sombrero, you can meet him right over Sombrero, you can meet him right over here. Why she's swirling a little girl? here. Why she's swirling a little girl? here. Why she's swirling a little girl? She's getting dizzy. Silly Donald. We She's getting dizzy. Silly Donald. We She's getting dizzy. Silly Donald. We are actually going to go see Donald uh are actually going to go see Donald uh are actually going to go see Donald uh but on his ride that's here in the but on his ride that's here in the but on his ride that's here in the Mexico pavilion, Grand Biasa tour Mexico pavilion, Grand Biasa tour Mexico pavilion, Grand Biasa tour starring the three caviaras. This is one starring the three caviaras. This is one starring the three caviaras. This is one of my favorite pavilions. It is so much of my favorite pavilions. It is so much of my favorite pavilions. It is so much fun. There's a lot of dining outside and fun. There's a lot of dining outside and fun. There's a lot of dining outside and then once you get inside, uh, it looks then once you get inside, uh, it looks then once you get inside, uh, it looks like you're outside in a Mexican market like you're outside in a Mexican market like you're outside in a Mexican market with tons of shopping with authentic with tons of shopping with authentic with tons of shopping with authentic Mexican souvenirs. Mexican souvenirs. Mexican souvenirs. Um, a crystal shop. There's Coco merch Um, a crystal shop. There's Coco merch Um, a crystal shop. There's Coco merch in there and Coco is my favorite. So, I in there and Coco is my favorite. So, I in there and Coco is my favorite. So, I love looking at the Coco merch. Um, and love looking at the Coco merch. Um, and love looking at the Coco merch. Um, and then a really cool Dias Mus exhibit, one then a really cool Dias Mus exhibit, one then a really cool Dias Mus exhibit, one of the most famous and popular and of the most famous and popular and of the most famous and popular and incredible bars in all of Epcot, and a incredible bars in all of Epcot, and a incredible bars in all of Epcot, and a whole boat ride. It all looks like it's whole boat ride. It all looks like it's whole boat ride. It all looks like it's outside. Ram fiesta tour sometimes will outside. Ram fiesta tour sometimes will outside. Ram fiesta tour sometimes will have a weird spike up in the weight, but have a weird spike up in the weight, but have a weird spike up in the weight, but most of the time it is a five minute or most of the time it is a five minute or most of the time it is a five minute or underweight. underweight. underweight. Um, and this is max 5 minutes even Um, and this is max 5 minutes even Um, and this is max 5 minutes even though it looks pretty pretty full just though it looks pretty pretty full just though it looks pretty pretty full just cuz the boats are very large capacity. cuz the boats are very large capacity. cuz the boats are very large capacity. So this line kind of stays moving. [music] That ride is so funny because they That ride is so funny because they That ride is so funny because they literally like find Donald and they're literally like find Donald and they're literally like find Donald and they're like, "Finally, Donald, we found you." like, "Finally, Donald, we found you." like, "Finally, Donald, we found you." And then Donald is like trying to get And then Donald is like trying to get And then Donald is like trying to get away from them to go talk to some ladies away from them to go talk to some ladies away from them to go talk to some ladies and they're like, "Donald, we have a and they're like, "Donald, we have a and they're like, "Donald, we have a show. We got you, Muchacho. Get in the show. We got you, Muchacho. Get in the show. We got you, Muchacho. Get in the flying carpet." Um, and then they do flying carpet." Um, and then they do flying carpet." Um, and then they do make it to the show, which is good cuz make it to the show, which is good cuz make it to the show, which is good cuz it's a good show. Thinking we'll pass on it's a good show. Thinking we'll pass on it's a good show. Thinking we'll pass on Lava today. We did already get at one of Lava today. We did already get at one of Lava today. We did already get at one of the best bars in Disney World with the best bars in Disney World with the best bars in Disney World with Gio82. The fact of the matter is there's Gio82. The fact of the matter is there's Gio82. The fact of the matter is there's no one way to have the perfect day in no one way to have the perfect day in no one way to have the perfect day in Disney World. And any day can be perfect Disney World. And any day can be perfect Disney World. And any day can be perfect provided you have two things. Well, I'll provided you have two things. Well, I'll provided you have two things. Well, I'll we'll make it three. It's a good we'll make it three. It's a good we'll make it three. It's a good strategy. You've maybe done a little strategy. You've maybe done a little strategy. You've maybe done a little reading in advance. Um, and that's not reading in advance. Um, and that's not reading in advance. Um, and that's not even 100% a need. You do, however, need even 100% a need. You do, however, need even 100% a need. You do, however, need willingness to pivot. Number two, uh, willingness to pivot. Number two, uh, willingness to pivot. Number two, uh, when things go wrong, just don't stress when things go wrong, just don't stress when things go wrong, just don't stress about it and just pivot to something about it and just pivot to something about it and just pivot to something else. You'll notice, uh, with perfect else. You'll notice, uh, with perfect else. You'll notice, uh, with perfect days, you'll constantly hear me saying days, you'll constantly hear me saying days, you'll constantly hear me saying like, "Ah, this is what I'm thinking like, "Ah, this is what I'm thinking like, "Ah, this is what I'm thinking we'll do. We're going to go this way and we'll do. We're going to go this way and we'll do. We're going to go this way and do this and then, you know, maybe we'll do this and then, you know, maybe we'll do this and then, you know, maybe we'll do this." And like I would say six times do this." And like I would say six times do this." And like I would say six times out of 10 I end up doing something a out of 10 I end up doing something a out of 10 I end up doing something a little different from what I said just little different from what I said just little different from what I said just because something's changed and things because something's changed and things because something's changed and things go wrong and rides go down and lines go wrong and rides go down and lines go wrong and rides go down and lines look longer than they say they are. And look longer than they say they are. And look longer than they say they are. And as long as you're willing to make little as long as you're willing to make little as long as you're willing to make little changes, you can have a great day. Uh changes, you can have a great day. Uh changes, you can have a great day. Uh and the three is mindset. It's all about and the three is mindset. It's all about and the three is mindset. It's all about mindset. Give me one more. mindset. Give me one more. mindset. Give me one more. &gt;&gt; Uh Disney obviously is an awesome place &gt;&gt; Uh Disney obviously is an awesome place &gt;&gt; Uh Disney obviously is an awesome place and you spend a lot of money to be here and you spend a lot of money to be here and you spend a lot of money to be here and it can be very crowded and there's a and it can be very crowded and there's a and it can be very crowded and there's a lot to do and you might think to get lot to do and you might think to get lot to do and you might think to get your money's worth that means doing it your money's worth that means doing it your money's worth that means doing it all. I do encourage you to do as much as all. I do encourage you to do as much as all. I do encourage you to do as much as you can and that's what our videos are you can and that's what our videos are you can and that's what our videos are all about is getting through everything all about is getting through everything all about is getting through everything that you want to do. But the two things that you want to do. But the two things that you want to do. But the two things that I will remind you is one the real that I will remind you is one the real that I will remind you is one the real magic at Disney is that it's a very magic at Disney is that it's a very magic at Disney is that it's a very cool, very awesome place to make cool, very awesome place to make cool, very awesome place to make memories with your family and friends memories with your family and friends memories with your family and friends and or yourself. the people that you're and or yourself. the people that you're and or yourself. the people that you're visiting with. Um, that is for me what I visiting with. Um, that is for me what I visiting with. Um, that is for me what I cherish so much about Disney. Disney cherish so much about Disney. Disney cherish so much about Disney. Disney unfortunately doesn't have the ease that unfortunately doesn't have the ease that unfortunately doesn't have the ease that it did a couple decades ago where there it did a couple decades ago where there it did a couple decades ago where there were days in the year where you could were days in the year where you could were days in the year where you could come and it would be empty and come and it would be empty and come and it would be empty and everything was a walk-on and the vibes everything was a walk-on and the vibes everything was a walk-on and the vibes were incredible. Um, it's always were incredible. Um, it's always were incredible. Um, it's always crowded. It's always busy and it's only crowded. It's always busy and it's only crowded. It's always busy and it's only gotten more expensive. So, knowing that gotten more expensive. So, knowing that gotten more expensive. So, knowing that is half the battle. Uh, you just don't is half the battle. Uh, you just don't is half the battle. Uh, you just don't want to be surprised. No nasty want to be surprised. No nasty want to be surprised. No nasty surprises. Uh, it's 5 right now. My surprises. Uh, it's 5 right now. My surprises. Uh, it's 5 right now. My Guardians of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind Guardians of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind Guardians of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind reservation to go skip the line with the reservation to go skip the line with the reservation to go skip the line with the Lightning Land Single Pass is at 5:35. Lightning Land Single Pass is at 5:35. Lightning Land Single Pass is at 5:35. So, we have exactly enough time to go So, we have exactly enough time to go So, we have exactly enough time to go grab a little snack right now. And on grab a little snack right now. And on grab a little snack right now. And on the way to find a snack, we're going to the way to find a snack, we're going to the way to find a snack, we're going to do some window shopping. Creation Shop do some window shopping. Creation Shop do some window shopping. Creation Shop is the biggest shop in Epcot. Obviously, is the biggest shop in Epcot. Obviously, is the biggest shop in Epcot. Obviously, I actually kind of prefer shopping in I actually kind of prefer shopping in I actually kind of prefer shopping in World Showcase, but if you're looking World Showcase, but if you're looking World Showcase, but if you're looking for the most merch in one spot, it's for the most merch in one spot, it's for the most merch in one spot, it's here. I've already found it. This is here. I've already found it. This is here. I've already found it. This is what this is what I would pick up. I what this is what I would pick up. I what this is what I would pick up. I might have said this this morning, but might have said this this morning, but might have said this this morning, but this is my favorite Disney park. So, uh, this is my favorite Disney park. So, uh, this is my favorite Disney park. So, uh, any upcom I'm a sucker for. I'm thinking any upcom I'm a sucker for. I'm thinking any upcom I'm a sucker for. I'm thinking that I'm going to get a little coffee that I'm going to get a little coffee that I'm going to get a little coffee pickme up. I'm getting sleepy. This is pickme up. I'm getting sleepy. This is pickme up. I'm getting sleepy. This is the midday crash. Your other option is the midday crash. Your other option is the midday crash. Your other option is to take a midday break. Go back to your to take a midday break. Go back to your to take a midday break. Go back to your hotel, take a nap. I actually very much hotel, take a nap. I actually very much hotel, take a nap. I actually very much support that. Like, that's what you want support that. Like, that's what you want support that. Like, that's what you want to do. Now, you can get coffee here at to do. Now, you can get coffee here at to do. Now, you can get coffee here at Captain's Cafe. This is the park Captain's Cafe. This is the park Captain's Cafe. This is the park Starbucks location. All four parks do Starbucks location. All four parks do Starbucks location. All four parks do have their own Starbucks. Lines are have their own Starbucks. Lines are have their own Starbucks. Lines are typically long, but they're a lot typically long, but they're a lot typically long, but they're a lot shorter in the evening. Now, obviously, shorter in the evening. Now, obviously, shorter in the evening. Now, obviously, you probably have Starbucks at home. you probably have Starbucks at home. you probably have Starbucks at home. There's Starbuckses on like every street There's Starbuckses on like every street There's Starbuckses on like every street corner. It's like as a ubiquitous stop corner. It's like as a ubiquitous stop corner. It's like as a ubiquitous stop sites, basically. Um, so if you want sites, basically. Um, so if you want sites, basically. Um, so if you want something a little more unique, there is something a little more unique, there is something a little more unique, there is a company called Joffre Coffee and Tea, a company called Joffre Coffee and Tea, a company called Joffre Coffee and Tea, which uh sells coffee here at Disney which uh sells coffee here at Disney which uh sells coffee here at Disney World. Really, really, really delicious World. Really, really, really delicious World. Really, really, really delicious coffee, really delicious lattes, um, coffee, really delicious lattes, um, coffee, really delicious lattes, um, incredible cold brew. They do like incredible cold brew. They do like incredible cold brew. They do like spiked coffees. I go back and forth spiked coffees. I go back and forth spiked coffees. I go back and forth between the two. So, me and my coffee between the two. So, me and my coffee between the two. So, me and my coffee from Joffrey's are having a sit. from Joffrey's are having a sit. from Joffrey's are having a sit. It's really hot. I can tell I don't want It's really hot. I can tell I don't want It's really hot. I can tell I don't want to burn my tongue. So, all is going to burn my tongue. So, all is going to burn my tongue. So, all is going well. It is time. Guardians of the well. It is time. Guardians of the well. It is time. Guardians of the Galaxy Cos rewind. Easily one of my Galaxy Cos rewind. Easily one of my Galaxy Cos rewind. Easily one of my favorite rides in Disney World. Easily favorite rides in Disney World. Easily favorite rides in Disney World. Easily one of the most fun rides in Disney one of the most fun rides in Disney one of the most fun rides in Disney World. Uh can get some folks with motion World. Uh can get some folks with motion World. Uh can get some folks with motion sickness. I'm very motion sickness prone sickness. I'm very motion sickness prone sickness. I'm very motion sickness prone and I do not get motion sick on this. It and I do not get motion sick on this. It and I do not get motion sick on this. It is an omni coaster themed to Marvel's is an omni coaster themed to Marvel's is an omni coaster themed to Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy where you rocket Guardians of the Galaxy where you rocket Guardians of the Galaxy where you rocket through space. Homie Coaster means your through space. Homie Coaster means your through space. Homie Coaster means your ride vehicle can turn 360°, so it really ride vehicle can turn 360°, so it really ride vehicle can turn 360°, so it really does feel like flying through space. Uh, does feel like flying through space. Uh, does feel like flying through space. Uh, to a very fun soundtrack. There are six to a very fun soundtrack. There are six to a very fun soundtrack. There are six different songs you can get. My fa my different songs you can get. My fa my different songs you can get. My fa my favorite is Everybody Wants to Rule the favorite is Everybody Wants to Rule the favorite is Everybody Wants to Rule the World. So, that's what I'm crossing my World. So, that's what I'm crossing my World. So, that's what I'm crossing my fingers for, but they're all good. So, fingers for, but they're all good. So, fingers for, but they're all good. So, then we are heading in to the Lightning then we are heading in to the Lightning then we are heading in to the Lightning Lane. The line for the regular line is Lane. The line for the regular line is Lane. The line for the regular line is all the way outside. It says 95 minutes all the way outside. It says 95 minutes all the way outside. It says 95 minutes now. We're still skipping over an hour now. We're still skipping over an hour now. We're still skipping over an hour and a half long line with this Lightning and a half long line with this Lightning and a half long line with this Lightning Lane. And look, you can see this is all Lane. And look, you can see this is all Lane. And look, you can see this is all the line over here [music] that goes way the line over here [music] that goes way the line over here [music] that goes way way that way. Whereas we're going up way that way. Whereas we're going up way that way. Whereas we're going up that path along the wall. You just see that path along the wall. You just see that path along the wall. You just see people walking and not stopping. Which people walking and not stopping. Which people walking and not stopping. Which guardian is your favorite? Which do you guardian is your favorite? Which do you guardian is your favorite? Which do you [music] think you're most like? That's [music] think you're most like? That's [music] think you're most like? That's what I want to know in the comments. what I want to know in the comments. what I want to know in the comments. Drax is my favorite. Drax is my favorite. Drax is my favorite. I don't know which one I most like. You I don't know which one I most like. You I don't know which one I most like. You guys have to tell me. [music] I want to guys have to tell me. [music] I want to guys have to tell me. [music] I want to say Gora, but I think I might be being say Gora, but I think I might be being say Gora, but I think I might be being too generous. too generous. too generous. And now, as the culmination of the And now, as the culmination of the And now, as the culmination of the wonders of Xandar, you will be wonders of Xandar, you will be wonders of Xandar, you will be teleported to a nova ship above your teleported to a nova ship above your teleported to a nova ship above your planet. planet. planet. &gt;&gt; Our cosmic generator has been stolen. &gt;&gt; Our cosmic generator has been stolen. &gt;&gt; Our cosmic generator has been stolen. &gt;&gt; How do we think that? That thing's got &gt;&gt; How do we think that? That thing's got &gt;&gt; How do we think that? That thing's got to be worth a fortune. to be worth a fortune. to be worth a fortune. &gt;&gt; I am. &gt;&gt; I am. &gt;&gt; I am. &gt;&gt; I waited [clears throat] 5 minutes to &gt;&gt; I waited [clears throat] 5 minutes to &gt;&gt; I waited [clears throat] 5 minutes to get to the pre-show. And then after the get to the pre-show. And then after the get to the pre-show. And then after the pre-show, another about 5 minutes. And pre-show, another about 5 minutes. And pre-show, another about 5 minutes. And I'm not on the ride. What have we done? What have we done? What have we done? &gt;&gt; I think we're back. &gt;&gt; I got conga. Also, this mirror in &gt;&gt; I got conga. Also, this mirror in &gt;&gt; I got conga. Also, this mirror in Xandarin. I don't know if that's what Xandarin. I don't know if that's what Xandarin. I don't know if that's what the language is called. That's something the language is called. That's something the language is called. That's something that is backstage just like right here that is backstage just like right here that is backstage just like right here for every cast for all the cast members. for every cast for all the cast members. for every cast for all the cast members. So when they walk out, they can make So when they walk out, they can make So when they walk out, they can make sure that their costume looks good. Um, sure that their costume looks good. Um, sure that their costume looks good. Um, their appearance looks good for guests. their appearance looks good for guests. their appearance looks good for guests. And that's the same mirror, and it has And that's the same mirror, and it has And that's the same mirror, and it has the same language cast members read, but the same language cast members read, but the same language cast members read, but in Xandarin, because you're supposed to in Xandarin, because you're supposed to in Xandarin, because you're supposed to be exiting through sort of a backstage be exiting through sort of a backstage be exiting through sort of a backstage area. If you do not want to pay to skip area. If you do not want to pay to skip area. If you do not want to pay to skip the line for Guardians of the Galaxy, the line for Guardians of the Galaxy, the line for Guardians of the Galaxy, which again, I do recommend uh just cuz which again, I do recommend uh just cuz which again, I do recommend uh just cuz it is a big time saver. I highly, it is a big time saver. I highly, it is a big time saver. I highly, highly, highly, highly recommend riding highly, highly, highly recommend riding highly, highly, highly recommend riding it in the first two maybe 3 hours of the it in the first two maybe 3 hours of the it in the first two maybe 3 hours of the park day. The Guardians of the Galaxy park day. The Guardians of the Galaxy park day. The Guardians of the Galaxy just gets a longer line as the day goes just gets a longer line as the day goes just gets a longer line as the day goes on and in the evening kind of just on and in the evening kind of just on and in the evening kind of just continues to have a long line for a lot continues to have a long line for a lot continues to have a long line for a lot of rides all around Disney World. Uh of rides all around Disney World. Uh of rides all around Disney World. Uh that last hour of the park day, those that last hour of the park day, those that last hour of the park day, those lines start to drop off. You can get lines start to drop off. You can get lines start to drop off. You can get much shorter weights. uh once you get much shorter weights. uh once you get much shorter weights. uh once you get into that last hour of the park day. into that last hour of the park day. into that last hour of the park day. Guardians is typically an exception to Guardians is typically an exception to Guardians is typically an exception to this because Epcot this because Epcot this because Epcot is a big park that locals love to go to is a big park that locals love to go to is a big park that locals love to go to and locals like to go to this park after and locals like to go to this park after and locals like to go to this park after work or in the evenings to do the work or in the evenings to do the work or in the evenings to do the festivals for dinner. And locals don't festivals for dinner. And locals don't festivals for dinner. And locals don't need to ride Frozen Ever After every need to ride Frozen Ever After every need to ride Frozen Ever After every time or Remy, but locals love Guardians time or Remy, but locals love Guardians time or Remy, but locals love Guardians of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind, which means of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind, which means of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind, which means uh the line typically stays long well uh the line typically stays long well uh the line typically stays long well into the evening. So, I would ride it in into the evening. So, I would ride it in into the evening. So, I would ride it in the morning if you do not know how to the morning if you do not know how to the morning if you do not know how to skip the line pass. skip the line pass. skip the line pass. Super fun ride for us there. We are now Super fun ride for us there. We are now Super fun ride for us there. We are now going to cross through going to cross through going to cross through uh the main Heart of World Celebration, uh the main Heart of World Celebration, uh the main Heart of World Celebration, which is rocking out right now, I'll be which is rocking out right now, I'll be which is rocking out right now, I'll be honest. Um because the stage of birth honest. Um because the stage of birth honest. Um because the stage of birth show is happening and we are going to show is happening and we are going to show is happening and we are going to head over to World Nature. It is now head over to World Nature. It is now head over to World Nature. It is now left in our park day. We still going to left in our park day. We still going to left in our park day. We still going to go to Mount Taju. Got the land pavilion go to Mount Taju. Got the land pavilion go to Mount Taju. Got the land pavilion that I want to do two rides there. We that I want to do two rides there. We that I want to do two rides there. We got Figment. I want to do that. I'm got Figment. I want to do that. I'm got Figment. I want to do that. I'm seeing five minutes for Figment when we seeing five minutes for Figment when we seeing five minutes for Figment when we get over there, which is perfect. We're get over there, which is perfect. We're get over there, which is perfect. We're going to pop in here and ride both going to pop in here and ride both going to pop in here and ride both Saurin and Living with the Land. Uh a Saurin and Living with the Land. Uh a Saurin and Living with the Land. Uh a second ago, it was funny. Saurin was a second ago, it was funny. Saurin was a second ago, it was funny. Saurin was a for Living with the Land right now. Uh for Living with the Land right now. Uh for Living with the Land right now. Uh at the time of filming, Living with the at the time of filming, Living with the at the time of filming, Living with the Land does have a seasonal overlay. 45 Land does have a seasonal overlay. 45 Land does have a seasonal overlay. 45 minutes is extremely strange for Living minutes is extremely strange for Living minutes is extremely strange for Living with the Land. Um without the seasonal with the Land. Um without the seasonal with the Land. Um without the seasonal overlay, that won't happen. So, we'll overlay, that won't happen. So, we'll overlay, that won't happen. So, we'll hop into a Saurin and then switch around hop into a Saurin and then switch around hop into a Saurin and then switch around and hopefully Living with the Land will and hopefully Living with the Land will and hopefully Living with the Land will have dropped a bit. Now, even with have dropped a bit. Now, even with have dropped a bit. Now, even with things that I really recommend like things that I really recommend like things that I really recommend like living with the Land, uh I think that living with the Land, uh I think that living with the Land, uh I think that it's important to have a have a no uh it's important to have a have a no uh it's important to have a have a no uh for certain situations. For instance, for certain situations. For instance, for certain situations. For instance, because Living with the Land is because Living with the Land is because Living with the Land is glimmering green houses right now, the glimmering green houses right now, the glimmering green houses right now, the line is all the way out of the queue and line is all the way out of the queue and line is all the way out of the queue and down the hall. 65 minutes. For me, down the hall. 65 minutes. For me, down the hall. 65 minutes. For me, that's going to push Living with the that's going to push Living with the that's going to push Living with the Land out of its spot as something I Land out of its spot as something I Land out of its spot as something I would really want to do. Living with the would really want to do. Living with the would really want to do. Living with the Land is something that I'd wait 20 Land is something that I'd wait 20 Land is something that I'd wait 20 minutes for, you know, even 30 if I had minutes for, you know, even 30 if I had minutes for, you know, even 30 if I had the time, but I'm not going to wait 65 the time, but I'm not going to wait 65 the time, but I'm not going to wait 65 minutes for it. And I don't think you minutes for it. And I don't think you minutes for it. And I don't think you should either necessarily even should either necessarily even should either necessarily even Glimmering Green Houses, which is very Glimmering Green Houses, which is very Glimmering Green Houses, which is very pretty. So, at this point, if it was a pretty. So, at this point, if it was a pretty. So, at this point, if it was a must do for me, I would consider trading must do for me, I would consider trading must do for me, I would consider trading fireworks to ride Living with Land right fireworks to ride Living with Land right fireworks to ride Living with Land right as the park was closing. I really want as the park was closing. I really want as the park was closing. I really want to see the fireworks. So, that's what my to see the fireworks. So, that's what my to see the fireworks. So, that's what my the decision I'm making. and fireworks the decision I'm making. and fireworks the decision I'm making. and fireworks are going to win out. If you're coming are going to win out. If you're coming are going to win out. If you're coming any other time of year, living with plan any other time of year, living with plan any other time of year, living with plan would be a five 10-minute wait right would be a five 10-minute wait right would be a five 10-minute wait right now. Uh, and I can prove it because all now. Uh, and I can prove it because all now. Uh, and I can prove it because all year's vlogs wait time data for every year's vlogs wait time data for every year's vlogs wait time data for every hour, every day of the entire year. So, hour, every day of the entire year. So, hour, every day of the entire year. So, I know what I'm talking about. But in I know what I'm talking about. But in I know what I'm talking about. But in lie of me riding with the living with lie of me riding with the living with lie of me riding with the living with the land, you guys can ride it through the land, you guys can ride it through the land, you guys can ride it through the power of movie magic. Uh, as I wait the power of movie magic. Uh, as I wait the power of movie magic. Uh, as I wait in a nice 20-minute line for Saurin. Hey, [music] [music] hey, hey. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] [music] &gt;&gt; a wonderful ride on Saring. Uh, it was &gt;&gt; a wonderful ride on Saring. Uh, it was &gt;&gt; a wonderful ride on Saring. Uh, it was shorter than 20 minutes. I only waited shorter than 20 minutes. I only waited shorter than 20 minutes. I only waited backstage stuff sometimes. And I was backstage stuff sometimes. And I was backstage stuff sometimes. And I was headed into Saurin and they [music] headed into Saurin and they [music] headed into Saurin and they [music] closed down the theater in front of me closed down the theater in front of me closed down the theater in front of me so that Steven Spielberg could ride it. so that Steven Spielberg could ride it. so that Steven Spielberg could ride it. And uh I really had to go to the And uh I really had to go to the And uh I really had to go to the bathroom. So I was leaving my group so I bathroom. So I was leaving my group so I bathroom. So I was leaving my group so I could go to the bathroom and they held could go to the bathroom and they held could go to the bathroom and they held me long enough that I couldn't get me long enough that I couldn't get me long enough that I couldn't get anywhere near Steven Spielberg, but not anywhere near Steven Spielberg, but not anywhere near Steven Spielberg, but not long enough that I didn't see the very long enough that I didn't see the very long enough that I didn't see the very back of his head as he walked out of the back of his head as he walked out of the back of his head as he walked out of the building. That I did see. So you know, building. That I did see. So you know, building. That I did see. So you know, call me famous. I'm getting my famous call me famous. I'm getting my famous call me famous. I'm getting my famous directors confused. It was George Lucas, directors confused. It was George Lucas, directors confused. It was George Lucas, which is kind of even crazier. We only which is kind of even crazier. We only which is kind of even crazier. We only have one more ride left. Besides that, have one more ride left. Besides that, have one more ride left. Besides that, in the entire front of the park, and in the entire front of the park, and in the entire front of the park, and it's back into World Showcase, we're it's back into World Showcase, we're it's back into World Showcase, we're doing well on time. That that short doing well on time. That that short doing well on time. That that short store and wait did us good. 5 minute store and wait did us good. 5 minute store and wait did us good. 5 minute wait. That's a walk on. I almost dropped wait. That's a walk on. I almost dropped wait. That's a walk on. I almost dropped my water bottle. This ride is a little my water bottle. This ride is a little my water bottle. This ride is a little uh controversial. Some love it, some uh controversial. Some love it, some uh controversial. Some love it, some hate it, some think it's a skippable. hate it, some think it's a skippable. hate it, some think it's a skippable. For me, it's a must do since it's very For me, it's a must do since it's very For me, it's a must do since it's very nostalgic for me. this version. There nostalgic for me. this version. There nostalgic for me. this version. There have been other versions that other have been other versions that other have been other versions that other people love more, you know, varied people love more, you know, varied people love more, you know, varied feelings, but I think you should try it. feelings, but I think you should try it. feelings, but I think you should try it. And I think you can probably walk on it And I think you can probably walk on it And I think you can probably walk on it for the 5-minute wait. So, [music] I love that ride. I don't care who I love that ride. I don't care who I love that ride. I don't care who knows. And yes, uh this does have knows. And yes, uh this does have knows. And yes, uh this does have another of those little rooms where you another of those little rooms where you another of those little rooms where you can play and you can actually meet can play and you can actually meet can play and you can actually meet Figment in here a little earlier in the Figment in here a little earlier in the Figment in here a little earlier in the day right here. World Showcase typically day right here. World Showcase typically day right here. World Showcase typically gets really slammed in the evening. Uh gets really slammed in the evening. Uh gets really slammed in the evening. Uh you'll notice just a lot more people. you'll notice just a lot more people. you'll notice just a lot more people. Luckily, we did a lot of World Showcase Luckily, we did a lot of World Showcase Luckily, we did a lot of World Showcase earlier. We are covering the other half earlier. We are covering the other half earlier. We are covering the other half now. All right. Did just kind of cruise now. All right. Did just kind of cruise now. All right. Did just kind of cruise through Canada. I didn't even say through Canada. I didn't even say through Canada. I didn't even say anything about it. There's live music anything about it. There's live music anything about it. There's live music happening in Canada, but it was really, happening in Canada, but it was really, happening in Canada, but it was really, really crowded, so I didn't kind of really crowded, so I didn't kind of really crowded, so I didn't kind of cruise through. Um, Canada does not have cruise through. Um, Canada does not have cruise through. Um, Canada does not have too much going on besides a really good too much going on besides a really good too much going on besides a really good movie called Canada Far and Wide. Um, we movie called Canada Far and Wide. Um, we movie called Canada Far and Wide. Um, we don't really have time for it. Um, since don't really have time for it. Um, since don't really have time for it. Um, since I want to get a sit down dinner, but I I want to get a sit down dinner, but I I want to get a sit down dinner, but I do recommend it. UK. Uh, I want to do do recommend it. UK. Uh, I want to do do recommend it. UK. Uh, I want to do some exploring here. This is another of some exploring here. This is another of some exploring here. This is another of my favorite pavilions. Really great my favorite pavilions. Really great my favorite pavilions. Really great stuff. There's Rose and Crown Pub, which stuff. There's Rose and Crown Pub, which stuff. There's Rose and Crown Pub, which is a classic English pub scenario. In is a classic English pub scenario. In is a classic English pub scenario. In fact, it's called Rose and Crown. Rose fact, it's called Rose and Crown. Rose fact, it's called Rose and Crown. Rose and Crown are the two most common words and Crown are the two most common words and Crown are the two most common words used in pub names, which is why they used in pub names, which is why they used in pub names, which is why they called it that, which is very funny. called it that, which is very funny. called it that, which is very funny. Also, a full sitdown restaurant that is Also, a full sitdown restaurant that is Also, a full sitdown restaurant that is very highly rated. A lot of the very highly rated. A lot of the very highly rated. A lot of the pavilions have really pretty gardens. My pavilions have really pretty gardens. My pavilions have really pretty gardens. My favorites are here. Uh, Canada has the favorites are here. Uh, Canada has the favorites are here. Uh, Canada has the Victoria Gardens with the waterfall that Victoria Gardens with the waterfall that Victoria Gardens with the waterfall that I love to walk through, and then Japan I love to walk through, and then Japan I love to walk through, and then Japan has some really beautiful gardens, too. has some really beautiful gardens, too. has some really beautiful gardens, too. Uh, not tonight it seems, but there is Uh, not tonight it seems, but there is Uh, not tonight it seems, but there is often live music happening at this here often live music happening at this here often live music happening at this here gazebo. gazebo. gazebo. So, keep your ears peeled. It is often So, keep your ears peeled. It is often So, keep your ears peeled. It is often loud cuz it's usually rock music that loud cuz it's usually rock music that loud cuz it's usually rock music that happens back here. Do you want a sword? happens back here. Do you want a sword? happens back here. Do you want a sword? They sell them. Actually, there are many They sell them. Actually, there are many They sell them. Actually, there are many places around World Showcase that they places around World Showcase that they places around World Showcase that they sell real swords. sell real swords. sell real swords. And there's dragons here as well. And And there's dragons here as well. And And there's dragons here as well. And then this room here, you can actually uh then this room here, you can actually uh then this room here, you can actually uh find out your own family press. Uh you find out your own family press. Uh you find out your own family press. Uh you can look at it for free, but uh you can look at it for free, but uh you can look at it for free, but uh you can't take a picture. You can look at can't take a picture. You can look at can't take a picture. You can look at it. And they often put together really it. And they often put together really it. And they often put together really fun ones. Let's see what they have out fun ones. Let's see what they have out fun ones. Let's see what they have out right now. The Pokes, Fairy Tale of New right now. The Pokes, Fairy Tale of New right now. The Pokes, Fairy Tale of New York. They have uh Merry Christmas York. They have uh Merry Christmas York. They have uh Merry Christmas everybody. Shake and Stevens and Slade everybody. Shake and Stevens and Slade everybody. Shake and Stevens and Slade Family History of Band-Aid. &gt;&gt; Leona Lewis. One more sleep. So, they've &gt;&gt; Leona Lewis. One more sleep. So, they've &gt;&gt; Leona Lewis. One more sleep. So, they've got Christmas songs in here for got Christmas songs in here for got Christmas songs in here for Christmas. Sometimes they'll do Taylor Christmas. Sometimes they'll do Taylor Christmas. Sometimes they'll do Taylor Swift um to show off the product. It's Swift um to show off the product. It's Swift um to show off the product. It's really cool. They will pull up your really cool. They will pull up your really cool. They will pull up your family crest and you can get all sorts family crest and you can get all sorts family crest and you can get all sorts of like merch with your family crest on of like merch with your family crest on of like merch with your family crest on it. But remember, you can look at it for it. But remember, you can look at it for it. But remember, you can look at it for free also without buying any merch. So, free also without buying any merch. So, free also without buying any merch. So, I recommend doing that. If we weren't I recommend doing that. If we weren't I recommend doing that. If we weren't going to a big dinner, we would be going to a big dinner, we would be going to a big dinner, we would be joining these throngs of people in the joining these throngs of people in the joining these throngs of people in the Yorkshire County Fish Shop line for some Yorkshire County Fish Shop line for some Yorkshire County Fish Shop line for some fish and chips. Uh but we are on our way fish and chips. Uh but we are on our way fish and chips. Uh but we are on our way to a sitdown dinner uh that I don't have to a sitdown dinner uh that I don't have to a sitdown dinner uh that I don't have a reservation to. We're gonna try a walk a reservation to. We're gonna try a walk a reservation to. We're gonna try a walk up weight list. So there actually is a up weight list. So there actually is a up weight list. So there actually is a world where we are back at the fish and world where we are back at the fish and world where we are back at the fish and chips because that is our backup plan. I chips because that is our backup plan. I chips because that is our backup plan. I am considering hop skipping a jump in am considering hop skipping a jump in am considering hop skipping a jump in over France for now for a couple of over France for now for a couple of over France for now for a couple of reasons. One, there is something that I reasons. One, there is something that I reasons. One, there is something that I would really like to do for my dessert would really like to do for my dessert would really like to do for my dessert here in France. Uh, and two, Roy's R2 here in France. Uh, and two, Roy's R2 here in France. Uh, and two, Roy's R2 adventure does follow the rule of adventure does follow the rule of adventure does follow the rule of popular attractions getting shorter wait popular attractions getting shorter wait popular attractions getting shorter wait times closer to the end of the night. times closer to the end of the night. times closer to the end of the night. So, if we came and did France after So, if we came and did France after So, if we came and did France after dinner, we could do either dessert or dinner, we could do either dessert or dinner, we could do either dessert or Remy with a shorter weight or both. The Remy with a shorter weight or both. The Remy with a shorter weight or both. The only challenge there is that I'm hoping only challenge there is that I'm hoping only challenge there is that I'm hoping to watch the fireworks from Italy. So, to watch the fireworks from Italy. So, to watch the fireworks from Italy. So, it is a little bit of a double backtrack it is a little bit of a double backtrack it is a little bit of a double backtrack if I do that. But, you know what? I'm if I do that. But, you know what? I'm if I do that. But, you know what? I'm going spry. I'm going with it. The whims going spry. I'm going with it. The whims going spry. I'm going with it. The whims of what you have to follow in Disney of what you have to follow in Disney of what you have to follow in Disney World. In third place is your must World. In third place is your must World. In third place is your must juice. That actually comes behind some juice. That actually comes behind some juice. That actually comes behind some other things. In second place are your other things. In second place are your other things. In second place are your bodily needs. Make sure you are eating bodily needs. Make sure you are eating bodily needs. Make sure you are eating when you want to. Make sure you are when you want to. Make sure you are when you want to. Make sure you are drinking enough water. Make sure you're drinking enough water. Make sure you're drinking enough water. Make sure you're resting when you need to. Otherwise, resting when you need to. Otherwise, resting when you need to. Otherwise, you'll start to have a bad time no you'll start to have a bad time no you'll start to have a bad time no matter how many masters you get through. matter how many masters you get through. matter how many masters you get through. And the first is your kids needs. Uh And the first is your kids needs. Uh And the first is your kids needs. Uh mostly their bodily needs, but make sure mostly their bodily needs, but make sure mostly their bodily needs, but make sure your kids having a good time cuz your kids having a good time cuz your kids having a good time cuz otherwise you'll be having a bad time otherwise you'll be having a bad time otherwise you'll be having a bad time and it might be harder to meet your and it might be harder to meet your and it might be harder to meet your bodily needs. Morocco is our next bodily needs. Morocco is our next bodily needs. Morocco is our next pavilion. I absolutely love this pavilion. I absolutely love this pavilion. I absolutely love this pavilion. Although there's almost pavilion. Although there's almost pavilion. Although there's almost nothing to do here uh except eat and nothing to do here uh except eat and nothing to do here uh except eat and meet Princess Jasmine during the day. meet Princess Jasmine during the day. meet Princess Jasmine during the day. Don't just cruise right past it. With Don't just cruise right past it. With Don't just cruise right past it. With Canada, you can cruise right past. Canada, you can cruise right past. Canada, you can cruise right past. That's why I did it. But it's not the That's why I did it. But it's not the That's why I did it. But it's not the most exciting unless you're seeing most exciting unless you're seeing most exciting unless you're seeing Canada far online. This pavilion you Canada far online. This pavilion you Canada far online. This pavilion you really want to get in and explore. But really want to get in and explore. But really want to get in and explore. But it was originally designed, they it was originally designed, they it was originally designed, they actually brought in the architect uh who actually brought in the architect uh who actually brought in the architect uh who worked for the king of Morocco at the worked for the king of Morocco at the worked for the king of Morocco at the time uh to help design it. And the time uh to help design it. And the time uh to help design it. And the mosaic and tile work in here is mosaic and tile work in here is mosaic and tile work in here is absolutely incredible. There are visuals absolutely incredible. There are visuals absolutely incredible. There are visuals that are just jaw-dropping in this that are just jaw-dropping in this that are just jaw-dropping in this pavilion and I really encourage you to pavilion and I really encourage you to pavilion and I really encourage you to get in and explore. Uh this work at the get in and explore. Uh this work at the get in and explore. Uh this work at the beginning you're going to be like, "Oh, beginning you're going to be like, "Oh, beginning you're going to be like, "Oh, I mean it's nice is new and was done by I mean it's nice is new and was done by I mean it's nice is new and was done by Disney and it's not nearly as incredible Disney and it's not nearly as incredible Disney and it's not nearly as incredible as what you will see in the actual as what you will see in the actual as what you will see in the actual pavilion." So get in here, look around, pavilion." So get in here, look around, pavilion." So get in here, look around, even if it's just a quick stroll. And even if it's just a quick stroll. And even if it's just a quick stroll. And it's beautiful day or night. So no it's beautiful day or night. So no it's beautiful day or night. So no matter when you're walking past here, matter when you're walking past here, matter when you're walking past here, make sure to give it a look around. Uh, make sure to give it a look around. Uh, make sure to give it a look around. Uh, and because there's not too much to see and because there's not too much to see and because there's not too much to see in the Morocco pavilion, you can get in the Morocco pavilion, you can get in the Morocco pavilion, you can get back here and it really does feel like back here and it really does feel like back here and it really does feel like you're wandering Moroccan streets just you're wandering Moroccan streets just you're wandering Moroccan streets just completely alone. Sometimes if you find that the walk up um bars at if you find that the walk up um bars at if you find that the walk up um bars at the front are too busy, you can come the front are too busy, you can come the front are too busy, you can come back here. They also have henna. Beautiful tile in that fountain. Beautiful tile in that fountain. Beautiful tile in that fountain. Engraved carvings on the side of it. Engraved carvings on the side of it. Engraved carvings on the side of it. Rest in peace to restaurant Marrakesh. Rest in peace to restaurant Marrakesh. Rest in peace to restaurant Marrakesh. This used to be a really delicious This used to be a really delicious This used to be a really delicious Moroccan restaurant. has been closed Moroccan restaurant. has been closed Moroccan restaurant. has been closed since co and they recently removed the since co and they recently removed the since co and they recently removed the sign so I'm not sure it's ever coming sign so I'm not sure it's ever coming sign so I'm not sure it's ever coming back. For me the real star of the back. For me the real star of the back. For me the real star of the Morocca pavilion is a little theming Morocca pavilion is a little theming Morocca pavilion is a little theming room called the Fez House which we are room called the Fez House which we are room called the Fez House which we are coming up on. Basically a recreation of coming up on. Basically a recreation of coming up on. Basically a recreation of a traditional Moroccan courtyard as you a traditional Moroccan courtyard as you a traditional Moroccan courtyard as you can see beautiful tile work. You if you can see beautiful tile work. You if you can see beautiful tile work. You if you listen closely you can hear the family listen closely you can hear the family listen closely you can hear the family who lives in the house having who lives in the house having who lives in the house having conversations upstairs. It is open to conversations upstairs. It is open to conversations upstairs. It is open to the sky. You will get rained on it here, the sky. You will get rained on it here, the sky. You will get rained on it here, but it is just such a beautiful, but it is just such a beautiful, but it is just such a beautiful, peaceful space. There is this beautiful peaceful space. There is this beautiful peaceful space. There is this beautiful fountain. This bench is where I love to fountain. This bench is where I love to fountain. This bench is where I love to hang out. hang out. hang out. One really cool thing about World One really cool thing about World One really cool thing about World Showcase is that World Showcase is Showcase is that World Showcase is Showcase is that World Showcase is staffed by cultural representatives. staffed by cultural representatives. staffed by cultural representatives. These are folks who are from the These are folks who are from the These are folks who are from the countries that you see in World countries that you see in World countries that you see in World Showcase. So, in Morocco, a lot of the Showcase. So, in Morocco, a lot of the Showcase. So, in Morocco, a lot of the cast members you see are from Morocco. cast members you see are from Morocco. cast members you see are from Morocco. In Japan, a lot of the cast members you In Japan, a lot of the cast members you In Japan, a lot of the cast members you see are from Japan. and they are doing see are from Japan. and they are doing see are from Japan. and they are doing this work program to come and share this work program to come and share this work program to come and share their culture. You know, a lot of these their culture. You know, a lot of these their culture. You know, a lot of these cast members jobs is just regular cast members jobs is just regular cast members jobs is just regular uh ride management, store management, uh ride management, store management, uh ride management, store management, food run, food work, stuff like that. I food run, food work, stuff like that. I food run, food work, stuff like that. I recommend asking a few questions about recommend asking a few questions about recommend asking a few questions about their home country. Uh a very fun thing their home country. Uh a very fun thing their home country. Uh a very fun thing for your kids can be assigning them a for your kids can be assigning them a for your kids can be assigning them a word that they have to learn in every word that they have to learn in every word that they have to learn in every country. Um and maybe they get a prize country. Um and maybe they get a prize country. Um and maybe they get a prize from you at the end and it can be a from you at the end and it can be a from you at the end and it can be a simple prize. It can be a sticker. But I simple prize. It can be a sticker. But I simple prize. It can be a sticker. But I have done that for games before where we have done that for games before where we have done that for games before where we had to learn uh hello and goodbye from had to learn uh hello and goodbye from had to learn uh hello and goodbye from cast members in every country and it was cast members in every country and it was cast members in every country and it was some of the most fun I've had in Epcot. some of the most fun I've had in Epcot. some of the most fun I've had in Epcot. It was such an incredible little It was such an incredible little It was such an incredible little activity. I still remember most of them activity. I still remember most of them activity. I still remember most of them and so I do I do really recommend that. and so I do I do really recommend that. and so I do I do really recommend that. We are here in Japan Konichiwa where we We are here in Japan Konichiwa where we We are here in Japan Konichiwa where we are going to do a couple of fun things are going to do a couple of fun things are going to do a couple of fun things including hopefully cross your fingers including hopefully cross your fingers including hopefully cross your fingers dinner. With a lot of restaurants in dinner. With a lot of restaurants in dinner. With a lot of restaurants in Disney World, you can actually use a Disney World, you can actually use a Disney World, you can actually use a walk up weight list. So, even if you walk up weight list. So, even if you walk up weight list. So, even if you don't have a reservation, you can check don't have a reservation, you can check don't have a reservation, you can check how long the wait time is in the My how long the wait time is in the My how long the wait time is in the My Disney Experience app. And when you're Disney Experience app. And when you're Disney Experience app. And when you're close enough to the restaurant, you can close enough to the restaurant, you can close enough to the restaurant, you can actually join the walk up weight list. actually join the walk up weight list. actually join the walk up weight list. But you can always keep an eye on that a But you can always keep an eye on that a But you can always keep an eye on that a little before you're ready to eat. And little before you're ready to eat. And little before you're ready to eat. And then if the wait time is like 30 then if the wait time is like 30 then if the wait time is like 30 minutes, 40 minutes, you can go over and minutes, 40 minutes, you can go over and minutes, 40 minutes, you can go over and join the walk up weight list in advance join the walk up weight list in advance join the walk up weight list in advance and then go kill time as long as you're and then go kill time as long as you're and then go kill time as long as you're not starving when it's time. Oh my gosh. not starving when it's time. Oh my gosh. not starving when it's time. Oh my gosh. They have Is this This Pinky probably. They have Is this This Pinky probably. They have Is this This Pinky probably. They have Pinky Ghost plushes. This is They have Pinky Ghost plushes. This is They have Pinky Ghost plushes. This is This is Pac-Man, right? Or is this a This is Pac-Man, right? Or is this a This is Pac-Man, right? Or is this a Nintendo thing that just looks like Nintendo thing that just looks like Nintendo thing that just looks like Pac-Man? Pac-Man? Pac-Man? Everything else is Nintendo. So, it must Everything else is Nintendo. So, it must Everything else is Nintendo. So, it must be something Nintendo, but it looks like be something Nintendo, but it looks like be something Nintendo, but it looks like Pac-Man. Pac-Man. Pac-Man. Oh, it is Pac-Man. &gt;&gt; I love Pac-Man. A fun fact is I'm &gt;&gt; I love Pac-Man. A fun fact is I'm &gt;&gt; I love Pac-Man. A fun fact is I'm actually very good at Pac-Man. I grew up actually very good at Pac-Man. I grew up actually very good at Pac-Man. I grew up with a Pac-Man machine in my house and with a Pac-Man machine in my house and with a Pac-Man machine in my house and I'm very very good at Miss Pac-Man. At I'm very very good at Miss Pac-Man. At I'm very very good at Miss Pac-Man. At most arcades, I can get on the high most arcades, I can get on the high most arcades, I can get on the high score screen on the first try. We're in score screen on the first try. We're in score screen on the first try. We're in Miss Koshi. This is uh probably one of Miss Koshi. This is uh probably one of Miss Koshi. This is uh probably one of the most cool stores in all of Disney the most cool stores in all of Disney the most cool stores in all of Disney World. It is Japan's store and it has a World. It is Japan's store and it has a World. It is Japan's store and it has a lot of non-D Disney merch. Lots of lot of non-D Disney merch. Lots of lot of non-D Disney merch. Lots of Nintendo. They've got um Hello Kitty. Nintendo. They've got um Hello Kitty. Nintendo. They've got um Hello Kitty. They have Studio Ghibli, which is some They have Studio Ghibli, which is some They have Studio Ghibli, which is some of my favorite merchandise to look at. of my favorite merchandise to look at. of my favorite merchandise to look at. And then there's a lot of stuff in here. And then there's a lot of stuff in here. And then there's a lot of stuff in here. There's apparel and kimonos, Japanese There's apparel and kimonos, Japanese There's apparel and kimonos, Japanese swords, there's little zin gardens. You swords, there's little zin gardens. You swords, there's little zin gardens. You can get a pearl out of a clam. I carried can get a pearl out of a clam. I carried can get a pearl out of a clam. I carried a wallet that I got from here for a very a wallet that I got from here for a very a wallet that I got from here for a very long time. I love buying chopsticks from long time. I love buying chopsticks from long time. I love buying chopsticks from here that used to be like a every time I here that used to be like a every time I here that used to be like a every time I came, I would get myself a fun pair of came, I would get myself a fun pair of came, I would get myself a fun pair of chopsticks. I have some at home that chopsticks. I have some at home that chopsticks. I have some at home that have little cats on them that I got have little cats on them that I got have little cats on them that I got here. These are pretty, too. here. These are pretty, too. here. These are pretty, too. And then in the very back there's a And then in the very back there's a And then in the very back there's a whole section that is just food and whole section that is just food and whole section that is just food and drink, sweets and like ramen, all sorts drink, sweets and like ramen, all sorts drink, sweets and like ramen, all sorts of stuff. It is like basically its own of stuff. It is like basically its own of stuff. It is like basically its own little mini Asian market. Matcha Kit little mini Asian market. Matcha Kit little mini Asian market. Matcha Kit Kats. They have dried crabs. Not for me, Kats. They have dried crabs. Not for me, Kats. They have dried crabs. Not for me, that's for sure. And there's gotcha that's for sure. And there's gotcha that's for sure. And there's gotcha ponds outside which are basically like ponds outside which are basically like ponds outside which are basically like machines where you put quarters in, you machines where you put quarters in, you machines where you put quarters in, you get a random little toy out. is huge in get a random little toy out. is huge in get a random little toy out. is huge in Japan. Um there's so many gacha machines Japan. Um there's so many gacha machines Japan. Um there's so many gacha machines in Japan. There are whole buildings full in Japan. There are whole buildings full in Japan. There are whole buildings full of floor ceiling gacha. You can see in of floor ceiling gacha. You can see in of floor ceiling gacha. You can see in our video exploring Tokyo. Um it is our video exploring Tokyo. Um it is our video exploring Tokyo. Um it is really just like wild. So they've added really just like wild. So they've added really just like wild. So they've added some gacha to this pavilion. During the some gacha to this pavilion. During the some gacha to this pavilion. During the day you might catch some drummers, but day you might catch some drummers, but day you might catch some drummers, but Mitsy Koshi department store is Mitsy Koshi department store is Mitsy Koshi department store is definitely my must do. I never get tired definitely my must do. I never get tired definitely my must do. I never get tired of going in there and you you have to of going in there and you you have to of going in there and you you have to see it. We are headed up these stairs. see it. We are headed up these stairs. see it. We are headed up these stairs. There is an elevator if you need one. um There is an elevator if you need one. um There is an elevator if you need one. um to the Mitsy Koshi restaurants. Shiki to the Mitsy Koshi restaurants. Shiki to the Mitsy Koshi restaurants. Shiki Sai and Teenato. Teeno is tanyaki. So Sai and Teenato. Teeno is tanyaki. So Sai and Teenato. Teeno is tanyaki. So like uh Benihana, they cook in front of like uh Benihana, they cook in front of like uh Benihana, they cook in front of you on a big flat top. Shiki Sushi you on a big flat top. Shiki Sushi you on a big flat top. Shiki Sushi isakaya is a surprisingly reasonably isakaya is a surprisingly reasonably isakaya is a surprisingly reasonably priced and surprisingly authentic priced and surprisingly authentic priced and surprisingly authentic Japanese restaurant. So authentic that Japanese restaurant. So authentic that Japanese restaurant. So authentic that one of the cast members here from Japan one of the cast members here from Japan one of the cast members here from Japan said when she misses home, she eats at said when she misses home, she eats at said when she misses home, she eats at Shiki Sai. Okay, confirmed. I got on the Shiki Sai. Okay, confirmed. I got on the Shiki Sai. Okay, confirmed. I got on the list. Uh it was a 30-minute wait, which list. Uh it was a 30-minute wait, which list. Uh it was a 30-minute wait, which is not bad. Also, this is like a real is not bad. Also, this is like a real is not bad. Also, this is like a real life thing that I feel. I think that life thing that I feel. I think that life thing that I feel. I think that almost always the weight is shorter than almost always the weight is shorter than almost always the weight is shorter than what restaurants tell you. So, I will what restaurants tell you. So, I will what restaurants tell you. So, I will usually say yes unless they say an hour. usually say yes unless they say an hour. usually say yes unless they say an hour. And my uh restaurant theory remains And my uh restaurant theory remains And my uh restaurant theory remains true. It is only 9 minutes uh since I true. It is only 9 minutes uh since I true. It is only 9 minutes uh since I got the text that my name was on the got the text that my name was on the got the text that my name was on the list to getting called back when it said list to getting called back when it said list to getting called back when it said it was going to be 30. Let's go get some it was going to be 30. Let's go get some it was going to be 30. Let's go get some Japanese food. Japanese food. Japanese food. [music] I got I had people sit down like right I got I had people sit down like right I got I had people sit down like right next to me, so I didn't want to talk next to me, so I didn't want to talk next to me, so I didn't want to talk about my food, but I'm going to talk about my food, but I'm going to talk about my food, but I'm going to talk about it now cuz I am out of dinner. My about it now cuz I am out of dinner. My about it now cuz I am out of dinner. My shoes untied. Okay, so I'll talk about shoes untied. Okay, so I'll talk about shoes untied. Okay, so I'll talk about while I walk to a bench. I got the miso while I walk to a bench. I got the miso while I walk to a bench. I got the miso soup. The miso soup was very delicious. soup. The miso soup was very delicious. soup. The miso soup was very delicious. classic miso soup. I had tofu that had a classic miso soup. I had tofu that had a classic miso soup. I had tofu that had a little sear on it. Lots of seaweed. Very little sear on it. Lots of seaweed. Very little sear on it. Lots of seaweed. Very flavorful and savory and warm. Um, and flavorful and savory and warm. Um, and flavorful and savory and warm. Um, and then the I got nigiri, which are the then the I got nigiri, which are the then the I got nigiri, which are the sushi pieces that have the big piece of sushi pieces that have the big piece of sushi pieces that have the big piece of fish just on a little bit of rice. Um, I fish just on a little bit of rice. Um, I fish just on a little bit of rice. Um, I they come with two pieces for like $8 they come with two pieces for like $8 they come with two pieces for like $8 and then it varies depending on what and then it varies depending on what and then it varies depending on what kind of sushi you get. I got hamachi, kind of sushi you get. I got hamachi, kind of sushi you get. I got hamachi, which is yellow or yellow tail yellow which is yellow or yellow tail yellow which is yellow or yellow tail yellow tail tuna. Regular tuna often has like a tail tuna. Regular tuna often has like a tail tuna. Regular tuna often has like a kind of metally taste in my opinion. If kind of metally taste in my opinion. If kind of metally taste in my opinion. If you have that same situation, but you you have that same situation, but you you have that same situation, but you like tuna, go for the hamach. I got like tuna, go for the hamach. I got like tuna, go for the hamach. I got their Ishiyaki rice, which is made in a their Ishiyaki rice, which is made in a their Ishiyaki rice, which is made in a hot stone bowl. They bring it out and hot stone bowl. They bring it out and hot stone bowl. They bring it out and then they use the stone bowl to like then they use the stone bowl to like then they use the stone bowl to like make the rice crispy and get it all make the rice crispy and get it all make the rice crispy and get it all cooked and mixed together. It's very cooked and mixed together. It's very cooked and mixed together. It's very indulgent. Honestly, this is certainly indulgent. Honestly, this is certainly indulgent. Honestly, this is certainly picky eater friendly because it's more picky eater friendly because it's more picky eater friendly because it's more familiar flavors than you might expect. familiar flavors than you might expect. familiar flavors than you might expect. Um, and this restaurant is a little on Um, and this restaurant is a little on Um, and this restaurant is a little on the adventurous side for American the adventurous side for American the adventurous side for American pallets just because it is really pallets just because it is really pallets just because it is really authentic Japanese food, but I think it authentic Japanese food, but I think it authentic Japanese food, but I think it really exemplifies some of the best that really exemplifies some of the best that really exemplifies some of the best that Ekka has to offer when it comes to Ekka has to offer when it comes to Ekka has to offer when it comes to experiencing other parts of the world. experiencing other parts of the world. experiencing other parts of the world. So, fully recommend Shiki Sushiakaya. I So, fully recommend Shiki Sushiakaya. I So, fully recommend Shiki Sushiakaya. I am so almost uncomfortably full at this am so almost uncomfortably full at this am so almost uncomfortably full at this point. Um, so I don't know that that point. Um, so I don't know that that point. Um, so I don't know that that dessert is going to happen, but we are dessert is going to happen, but we are dessert is going to happen, but we are definitely going to go ride Remy because definitely going to go ride Remy because definitely going to go ride Remy because we do have time to ride Remy. And I we do have time to ride Remy. And I we do have time to ride Remy. And I think we are going to backtrack to get think we are going to backtrack to get think we are going to backtrack to get the really good spot for fireworks over the really good spot for fireworks over the really good spot for fireworks over in Italy. They're really good from any in Italy. They're really good from any in Italy. They're really good from any angle. You can't really go wrong. So, angle. You can't really go wrong. So, angle. You can't really go wrong. So, don't feel like you have to rush over to don't feel like you have to rush over to don't feel like you have to rush over to a great spot. I'm just having the best a great spot. I'm just having the best a great spot. I'm just having the best day ever. You know, that's like a lofty day ever. You know, that's like a lofty day ever. You know, that's like a lofty goal. So, uh, I'm going to try to goal. So, uh, I'm going to try to goal. So, uh, I'm going to try to hightail it to Ali with the fireworks. hightail it to Ali with the fireworks. hightail it to Ali with the fireworks. But, let's go catch Birmy's ride to the But, let's go catch Birmy's ride to the But, let's go catch Birmy's ride to the adventure and see if we want some adventure and see if we want some adventure and see if we want some dessert or not after that. France, dessert or not after that. France, dessert or not after that. France, similar to the others, a lot of imported similar to the others, a lot of imported similar to the others, a lot of imported goods, shopping, designer items. They goods, shopping, designer items. They goods, shopping, designer items. They have a whole gallon store, perfume. The have a whole gallon store, perfume. The have a whole gallon store, perfume. The movie back here uh in the evening in the movie back here uh in the evening in the movie back here uh in the evening in the morning is Impressions of France, which morning is Impressions of France, which morning is Impressions of France, which is a beautiful film about France. It is is a beautiful film about France. It is is a beautiful film about France. It is quite long, so we're not going to be quite long, so we're not going to be quite long, so we're not going to be seeing it. So, we can make sure we get seeing it. So, we can make sure we get seeing it. So, we can make sure we get Remy and our fireworks spot. But it is Remy and our fireworks spot. But it is Remy and our fireworks spot. But it is beautiful. I do recommend it. For most beautiful. I do recommend it. For most beautiful. I do recommend it. For most of the day, though, this theater plays of the day, though, this theater plays of the day, though, this theater plays the Beauty and the Beast sing along, the Beauty and the Beast sing along, the Beauty and the Beast sing along, which is a great one for kiddos as well. which is a great one for kiddos as well. which is a great one for kiddos as well. the star sort of food location in the star sort of food location in the star sort of food location in France, which was where I was France, which was where I was France, which was where I was considering dessert. Although now I'm considering dessert. Although now I'm considering dessert. Although now I'm stuffed to the brim with rice. What do stuffed to the brim with rice. What do stuffed to the brim with rice. What do you guys think of this lady? you guys think of this lady? you guys think of this lady? She's cool. She's also kind of scary. Um She's cool. She's also kind of scary. Um She's cool. She's also kind of scary. Um is Leolon is Leolon is Leolon Petisari back here, which is a full Petisari back here, which is a full Petisari back here, which is a full French bakery. Creme brules and French bakery. Creme brules and French bakery. Creme brules and croissants and all sorts of tarts. croissants and all sorts of tarts. croissants and all sorts of tarts. Really delicious. incredible options in Really delicious. incredible options in Really delicious. incredible options in here. Um, and it was what we were going here. Um, and it was what we were going here. Um, and it was what we were going to do, to do, to do, but I don't think that my stomach can but I don't think that my stomach can but I don't think that my stomach can handle it. Maybe we'll pop back over handle it. Maybe we'll pop back over handle it. Maybe we'll pop back over after Remy if time and my appetite after Remy if time and my appetite after Remy if time and my appetite allows, but I'm not anticipating it. Uh, allows, but I'm not anticipating it. Uh, allows, but I'm not anticipating it. Uh, another star attraction for us to wrap another star attraction for us to wrap another star attraction for us to wrap up our rides with tonight is Rey's up our rides with tonight is Rey's up our rides with tonight is Rey's Ratatouille Adventure. This is a fairly Ratatouille Adventure. This is a fairly Ratatouille Adventure. This is a fairly new attraction. It is a trackless dark new attraction. It is a trackless dark new attraction. It is a trackless dark ride where you hop inside a rat and find ride where you hop inside a rat and find ride where you hop inside a rat and find yourself visiting the kitchen at yourself visiting the kitchen at yourself visiting the kitchen at Gustau's. You find yourself [music] Gustau's. You find yourself [music] Gustau's. You find yourself [music] visiting Rey's restaurant. Uh you'll see visiting Rey's restaurant. Uh you'll see visiting Rey's restaurant. Uh you'll see iconic characters from the movie like iconic characters from the movie like iconic characters from the movie like Linguini, Chef Skinner, of course, Remy Linguini, Chef Skinner, of course, Remy Linguini, Chef Skinner, of course, Remy and a meal. Um you end up in the pantry and a meal. Um you end up in the pantry and a meal. Um you end up in the pantry at one point and there's a really big at one point and there's a really big at one point and there's a really big fish in there. Just lots to see, lots to fish in there. Just lots to see, lots to fish in there. Just lots to see, lots to do. So that is tucked back in this do. So that is tucked back in this do. So that is tucked back in this entire huge expansion of the France entire huge expansion of the France entire huge expansion of the France pavilion. And a 45minute wait is not too pavilion. And a 45minute wait is not too pavilion. And a 45minute wait is not too bad for it. I am hoping it's a little bad for it. I am hoping it's a little bad for it. I am hoping it's a little shorter. And looking at it, I've shorter. And looking at it, I've shorter. And looking at it, I've definitely waited in a 45minute wait definitely waited in a 45minute wait definitely waited in a 45minute wait that was through all of these. So I'm that was through all of these. So I'm that was through all of these. So I'm optimistic. We're going to hop in line. optimistic. We're going to hop in line. optimistic. We're going to hop in line. And even if it is the 45, it's about an And even if it is the 45, it's about an And even if it is the 45, it's about an hour till fireworks. So that gives us a hour till fireworks. So that gives us a hour till fireworks. So that gives us a little bit of wiggle room. [music] &gt;&gt; [music] [music] [music] [music] &gt;&gt; That ride also has smells. It's I think &gt;&gt; That ride also has smells. It's I think &gt;&gt; That ride also has smells. It's I think maybe a little bit overrated, but I do maybe a little bit overrated, but I do maybe a little bit overrated, but I do think kids really love it, so it's kind think kids really love it, so it's kind think kids really love it, so it's kind of tricky. Um, it is worth doing and the of tricky. Um, it is worth doing and the of tricky. Um, it is worth doing and the lines do stay really long. So, I do lines do stay really long. So, I do lines do stay really long. So, I do recommend. Although, I don't really feel recommend. Although, I don't really feel recommend. Although, I don't really feel bad about waiting a long wait for it and bad about waiting a long wait for it and bad about waiting a long wait for it and you want to know if something else was you want to know if something else was you want to know if something else was priced because it was only a 36-minute priced because it was only a 36-minute priced because it was only a 36-minute wait [music] to get up there, which is wait [music] to get up there, which is wait [music] to get up there, which is shorter than what was supposed dessert shorter than what was supposed dessert shorter than what was supposed dessert and fireworks if we want. [music] Do I and fireworks if we want. [music] Do I and fireworks if we want. [music] Do I Am I still too full? I'm in Disney Am I still too full? I'm in Disney Am I still too full? I'm in Disney World. World. World. Who cares if I'm too full? All right, I Who cares if I'm too full? All right, I Who cares if I'm too full? All right, I am going to grab my dessert [music] am going to grab my dessert [music] am going to grab my dessert [music] and then head over to my fireworks spot and then head over to my fireworks spot and then head over to my fireworks spot um and just have a nice leisurely end to um and just have a nice leisurely end to um and just have a nice leisurely end to my evening. I have opted for Lard Zombie my evening. I have opted for Lard Zombie my evening. I have opted for Lard Zombie Glass. This is by many considered to be Glass. This is by many considered to be Glass. This is by many considered to be the best ice cream in Disney World. Oh, the best ice cream in Disney World. Oh, the best ice cream in Disney World. Oh, ice cream sounds really good. All right, ice cream sounds really good. All right, ice cream sounds really good. All right, I got the apple cinnamon car cinnamon I got the apple cinnamon car cinnamon I got the apple cinnamon car cinnamon caramelized apple crumble. Um, and it is caramelized apple crumble. Um, and it is caramelized apple crumble. Um, and it is I just got like a single scoop in a cup I just got like a single scoop in a cup I just got like a single scoop in a cup cuz I am still full, but I got to get cuz I am still full, but I got to get cuz I am still full, but I got to get dessert. I'm having a perfect day. So, dessert. I'm having a perfect day. So, dessert. I'm having a perfect day. So, I'm going to take this to my fireworks I'm going to take this to my fireworks I'm going to take this to my fireworks spot. We're going to watch Luminous spot. We're going to watch Luminous spot. We're going to watch Luminous Symphony of Us and then we're going to Symphony of Us and then we're going to Symphony of Us and then we're going to head and see a little bit of the head and see a little bit of the head and see a little bit of the Spaceship Earth lights on the way out. Spaceship Earth lights on the way out. Spaceship Earth lights on the way out. [music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [music] Oh, [music] [music] [music] [singing] heat, heat. [music] &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Me and the rest of the exit crowds have &gt;&gt; Me and the rest of the exit crowds have &gt;&gt; Me and the rest of the exit crowds have made it up to Spaceship Earth, uh, which made it up to Spaceship Earth, uh, which made it up to Spaceship Earth, uh, which is lit up right now. They're not I They is lit up right now. They're not I They is lit up right now. They're not I They haven't done any of the music music haven't done any of the music music haven't done any of the music music shows in a second. I don't know if shows in a second. I don't know if shows in a second. I don't know if they're doing up that. I'm going to they're doing up that. I'm going to they're doing up that. I'm going to stare at the lights uh like this. Very important part of any Epcot day is Very important part of any Epcot day is Very important part of any Epcot day is doing this. This has been such a fun day. I've This has been such a fun day. I've This has been such a fun day. I've literally had the best time. I love literally had the best time. I love literally had the best time. I love Epcot Epcot Epcot and I hope that this video helps you and I hope that this video helps you and I hope that this video helps you guys have the best time when you're here guys have the best time when you're here guys have the best time when you're here or I hope that you just had the best or I hope that you just had the best or I hope that you just had the best time also being at Epcot with me today. time also being at Epcot with me today. time also being at Epcot with me today. I had a great time with you. You. But I had a great time with you. You. But I had a great time with you. You. But with that, [music] I'm going to go get with that, [music] I'm going to go get with that, [music] I'm going to go get some rest. You know, a Disney day takes some rest. You know, a Disney day takes some rest. You know, a Disney day takes you out. So, if you're still here, like you out. So, if you're still here, like you out. So, if you're still here, like this video and drop this secret code in this video and drop this secret code in this video and drop this secret code in the comments so I know you made it all the comments so I know you made it all the comments so I know you made it all the way. Plus, don't forget to the way. Plus, don't forget to the way. Plus, don't forget to subscribe. We upload tips, games, subscribe. We upload tips, games, subscribe. We upload tips, games, perfect days, and more from Disney World perfect days, and more from Disney World perfect days, and more from Disney World and beyond all week because we are and beyond all week because we are and beyond all week because we are serious about fun. I'll see you next serious about fun. I'll see you next serious about fun. I'll see you next time.
