---
video_id: IcnhoKmOSbE
channel: AllEars.net
title: "How to Request a Quiet Room in Disney World"
published: 2026-03-02
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IcnhoKmOSbE
---
How to request a quiet room. Here are the things that you can do to improve your chances. Number one, request an upper floor. The higher up you go, the less noise you will hear. Number two, you can ask to be away from pools, elevators, and transportation. This in general is going to get you away from the louder crowds. Number three, avoid exterior hallways when possible. Again, you can request this. They might be able to help you out. Number four, you can also call Disney 1 to two days before your arrival to confirm requests politely. key word, politely. And just all in all, you need to know that nothing is guaranteed. Disney will try their best to accommodate you, but again, like I said, if you do it politely, they will be more inclined to help you. My other other pro pro tip to get the room that you request is checking in at the desk in person. I know you can do mobile check-in from your phone, which is very nice and convenient, but you are more likely to get approved the request that you wanted if you go in person and actually talk to a cast member face to face. Cast members love helping people out. They love helping to make the magic where they can. So, if you are nice in person and just request something, the cast member can actually look on the computer. I've experienced this in my own Disney trips. the cast member will pull it up, look at the computer, and see all the rooms that are available right now. And they're going to go, "Hm, this one is the farthest away from a pool. Let me put you in this one." Instead of the one that the computer is automatically going to just put you in. Again, it's just all in all, it's a more magical experience and encounter with a cast member. And they will try to help you. But again, nothing is ever guaranteed, but they're going to try. A promise.
