---
video_id: fRI12wtpNzo
channel: AllEars.net
title: "FULL Guide to Universal Mardi Gras in 2026"
published: 2026-02-12
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRI12wtpNzo
---
You guys hear that? That jazz. You smell that? Is that [snorts] Ben? >> I can almost hear the sound of bees flying in the distance. That's because it's time for Universal Martyra and I am taking you on a full guide for everything you can see at Universal Martyra. [music] Hey, first thing in the guide, guess what? This baby's free. Well, not free. You still have to pay for the park ticket, but if you're headed to Universal Studios, all the Marty GR festivities are included. This is not a separately ticketed [music] event. It happens during your park day. And everything you're about to see is something you can do during your park day. 2026 [music] Martyra runs from February 7th to April 4th. That is a lot of good times to let roll. And I'm coming in in the evening because we're having a Marty GR evening tonight where we're going to check out everything that you can see for Universal Martyra. And I can already see some [music] fun in the distance. You probably can't yet, but I'm seeing a lot of people on stilts. So, the absolute main event of Marty GR is starting pretty soon. And that is why there are many still [music] walkers just walking around in the street. A very tall gator. Look at her gator arms. Plus some royalty it looks like behind. Let's uh let's follow this little tree party and just see where [music] it's going. I think that's a good way to start. I like this Florida ibis. Look at that girl. Look at the birds. I love the birds. >> Happy Martyra. It's so fun already. Yeah, the parade [music] performers all come out into the street uh about an hour before the parade. So, if you're wanting to get some really cool pictures, hang with them a bit. That's where you're going to want to be. Uh sort of hanging out in the general area of the parade route. Parade route is big. It runs all the way through Hollywood, [music] then around up that main stretch through Minion Land through New York, and then back down through Hollywood again. It is a long parade route. If you are towards the end of [music] it, that parade is probably not getting to you for 30 minutes after it steps off. I can't [music] wait. Uh, brand new this year is also a new character walking around Marty Gro who you might run into. His name is Prince Gator, and he's the son of King Gator, the parade float, and he is so cute. Universal [music] throws a mean event. There are three major seasonal events at Universal during the year. You've probably heard of Halloween Horror [music] Nights. That's probably the biggest, but it's also a separately ticketed event. Around Christmas, there's the holidays at Universal, which I adore. They rule. They're not separately ticketed, included in your visit. [music] And then in the spring, late winter, early spring, Universal Marty GR Martigra has been getting more and more popular over the years, as well as bigger and bigger. Every year they're adding more. They're doing more for the event. And it is absolutely a reason to plan your trip to Universal this time of year. All the squirrels headed to Martyra in a truck. I don't think all the squirrel can drive a truck. Uh, I was hoping to catch up to this literal marching band that is hyping everybody up for the parade, but they are quite a bit ahead of me now. So, instead, I think we [music] are going to take a look at the tribute store. One of my favorite things to do for any of those events I just listed at Universal. Now, they also sometimes do a summer one. This is Tonton's Roadhouse, a fully themed immersive Marty GR store experience. This will have all the Marty GR merch as well as like [music] if you want some souped up beads, they'll have souped-up beads. The real reason I like to come to the merch store, cuz I'm not a big Marty Gro merch girl, is because [music] of the theming. Check it out in here. You step right into like sort of a speak easyy style New Orleans big easy sort of bar. Lots of posters on this bar. You can always find some uh fun Easter eggs. Who keeps hiding the little skulls around the bar? Me. Well, stop. No, G. G is a llama. He's an Easter [music] egg you'll always find in the tribute store is G the llama. You can also uh find a lot of Earl the Squirrel, who was originally a Christmas icon, but he can be found in the tribute store all the time. Some schnobs. I picked the right time to come in here. There's nobody in here. The tribute store can get so busy. I just like the jazz playing. It's so chill and relaxed. Do not stare into the eyes of Magdal. That's what I've been saying. Magdal is in the ET ride. She's very scary. Um, so it's good to know that [music] they're finally telling people not to stare into her eyes. Phone is broken. Please don't ask. Sorry. Should I try to pick up the phone if you can't? This is so cool. Why is nobody in here? I I cannot stress enough. This is usually like slammed with people. Oh, that's a good shirt. Not as good as mine, which I'll show [music] you guys in a bit, but good shirt. Check this guy out. He's a beignet, but he kind of just looks like a piece of butter. I love him dearly. [music] I love the neon vibe on the merch this year. Kitchen this way. Kitchen stuff. This way. Oh, it smells like vignettes. Yeah, it [music] smells like it's like one of those um sweet treat baked candles. They have hot sauces. They have a Dracula hot sauce. I wasn't going to buy anything, but like it's also garlic. I love garlic. I don't know. We might come back for the Dracula hot sauce. My general rule when shopping at a theme [music] park. Oh, sorry. Wait, hang on. POV, you're going through this bearded beaded curtain. Oo, I don't have any beads yet. We got to fix that. Please stop taking the tiny babies there for King. That's funny. I have a bead in my hair still. This is so fun. Oh, we went to the back alley. We've exited through the kitchen to the back alley. What? These are so cool. Look, a little rat and a crawfish hanging out. That's me and Emma. Back alley is the Big Easy, but with a little Marty Gro magic going on. This is cool. This is cool. This is I don't know if it's just cuz I've been here by myself, but this is one of the cooler tribute stores that I've seen in a while. There's band posters [music] all through the alley. So cool. Like the stylized blacklight [music] New Orleans. Now we're headed to the House of Tonton. Okay, I'm getting the vibes. singing some voodoo. Voodoo magic. Rattling bones. I like those guys. [music] I want them on a shirt. Oh, we're in a graveyard. There's crawfish everywhere. Literally, there's crawfish everywhere. Oh, hang on. This is a good place for a pig. Fashion sits when you're going to put it on the put it on the roots or in the movie. Thank you, doctor. Coming right out to Earl Square Earl Squirrel's car. This is great. Okay. Well, that was awesome. Store open all day. Um, it is just like a store, but the [music] coolest store ever. Also, I didn't even like clock this when I was walking in. You got this like gas [music] pump facade on the outside. It's a good vibe. It is a good vibe for Marty GR. You can see people are definitely sticking out for the parade, but it's a week night, which means we don't have to be too wild about sticking out for the parade. Pros and cons to coming to Marty GR on a week night. Pros, a little easier to get a spot for the parade. Lines are shorter both for the rides and for anything Marty GR just easier to navigate Universal. Cons, no concert. One of the flagship things for Marty GR is their concert series. You wouldn't believe the artists they get to play here for Marty GR. H incredible artists. Um I'll tell you about some of them in just a minute. Some that are here this year, but those concerts are on Saturdays. So for the full Marty GR experience, you want to be here on a Saturday. I think though we should look at a bit of the food. I'm tempted to go here to Ireland. And you're like, Quincy, why is there an Ireland booth? And I'll tell you. That's because Marty GR is a little bit of Universal's kind of food of the world festival. Sort of similar to Epcot food and wine because their food booths are inspired by carnivals from around the world. And they typically have over 50 food and drink items all around the festival. This stuff looks good. [laughter] But I think we're going to go more classic. Smarty after all. We're going to eat some Cajun food, some New Orleans food. So, I'm going to head over where I know that always is and hope that it's where I expect it to be. Yeah, there's tons of food booths at Marty GR. Tons. And they're all inspired by the food at those carnival celebrations around the world. Um, so you can really eat around the world at Universal Martyra. Makes it quite a good time. Now, I'm here for a night as we head over to find some Marty Grub. >> THIS GUY STINKS. >> I AM HERE FOR a Marty GR only night, which is awesome. Um, and great maybe if you're an annual passholder. However, if you just happen to find out that you are visiting Universal during Mardigra or if you intentionally visit during Marty GR but you need to have your Universal Studios day as well, you can check out our Universal Marty GR best day ever from last year where we show how to have the perfect day at Universal Orlando with Marty GR included in that. Marty GR is different every year. So, I got you on the new offerings and the whole day is in last year's video which should be popping up right here for you to click on or maybe over here, I don't know, but one of those places. So, typically you can find the like classic Marty GR food over here in the New York section right by the park. Beet and pancake. Okay, that's sweets. Lots of cute booth. It looks like a little gator. You'll be able to find a lot of variety of drinks at this bar. This is my preferred bar for events because it has some of the drinks from around usually has a couple of good draft beer options. Baked Cajun Mac and Cheese, fried oyster poboy, fried green tomato poboy. I mean, we're getting the baked cajun mac and cheese, right? How are we not? And then I think I think we had to get one of the frozen drinks. That's so New Orleans to me is a frozen beverage. So I think I'm going to grab a frozen drink from here, a baked Cajun mac and cheese from here. We're going to try it out. Okay, parade impending. So we've got quick quick movement here. Also, I've made a mistake that we're going to have to rectify, but we'll get there. We'll get there. So, first of all, Cajun baked mac and cheese. Um, it looks really good. I'm curious about what makes a Cajun. I got to get it in there. I got to stop messing around. Dang, I'm very happy with the portion on this. The noodles are kavatapi, which is the king macaroni noodle. Becker and cheese noodle. It's better than macaroni for macaroni and cheese. Kavatapiwah, I love it. Loaded up with cheese and the cheese is like kind of that like crusty baked on top. It's not crispy. Like I'm not There's breadcrumbs, but the breadcrumbs aren't as baked in. It's kind of just that like um edges of baked mac and cheese across the entire top of the mac. I'd say the baked quality is like missing a little something, but once you get into it, super cheesy and it's got a little bit of like a heat in sort of a I think a cumin kind of way. Lots of savory flavors going on. Some very surprising flavors. And I was really shocked. There's I believe and sausage in here. And I was really shocked because there's celery um which celery on its own seems kind of boring in a dish, but it's an aromatic so it actually changes the quality of a dish by quite a lot. And I was really shocked to see celery in this. Uh, it does have andwi sausage. It has holy trinity. Um, and it's tossed in a spicy Cajun cream sauce with scallions. Uh, I'm impressed. I'm impressed with this. I'm impressed with it. I do think that my my classic mac and cheese lovers, you're going to be a little uh thrown off. It's going It's going a bit far a field of classic mac and cheese. Do I look insane in this lighting? I feel like maybe red head not suited to purple lighting, but we're invested now. It sure looks kind of cool. It says, "I like my drinks like my parades over the top." And it has the Mardigra, Universal Martyra King Gator. And it has this giant loaded Bloody Mary, which I have to get and that's why I was saying I goofed because I already got a drink. But that's okay. It's Marty GR. We're letting the good times roll. So, we'll get our loaded Bloody Mary, too. But this is an All Ears.net shirt. You can get it on our merch store along with lots of other fun uh unique theme park merch if you're an All Ears fan. I also got a drink. I did get one of the frozen ones. I went with the Canal Street Colada, pineapple juice, lime juice, mango syrup, and cream of coconut. Um, and with a lot of the Marty god drinks, what's really cool is you can get them in the souvenir crew cup, of which they have three different options you can pick from. They have a yellow, a purple, and a green. I went with the yellow cuz it's my favorite color. All right, it's good. I was on the fence there. I was wavering. I thought maybe it was a little too strong. Uh, but it comes around at the end. Very acidic. Lots of acid in this. Um, but it's definitely tasty. It's got the rum is really prominent on the front end, which is when I was like, "Oh, no. There's that overproof." But then the mango juice, especially in the lime juice, really helped to mellow it out. Definitely acidic. Um, but very perfectly blended, very smoothly blended. Great dairy, honestly. It doesn't taste anything like a pin colada. I can barely taste the cream of coconut. If you get it in a souvenir cup, it's $16. If you get it as a single serve, it is $14, but if you get the souvenir cup, you can get your cup refilled for just $13. So, you get a dollar knocked off. Beer, also, you get a dollar knocked off with the souvenir cup. So, I always recommend if you're going to get multiple drinks at Martigra or if you're coming multiple days, just grab the souvenir cup because, you know, if it if it saves you a dollar over time and you get a fun cup, why not? I'm going to house this mac and cheese. I'm going to tell you about a way Martyra and we're going to find a Bloody Mary break. Hey, I did not think that through because my I sold an entire daquiri. I can't get a Bloody Mary right now. We'll get a Bloody Mary later. I have 15 minutes before the parade starts. I want to be right at parade start because I like to catch it right when they're coming out. There's a good reason for that. Uh the Martyra parade is unique in that you could ride on it. Yes, you. Uh two ways to do that. Either if you're an annual passholder, you can book to ride on a float or you can do the universal martyr ride and dine or you get a reservation at a table service restaurant and you get to ride on a Marty GR float. I have done this. It was so fun. like a silly amount of fun because you get beads and you get to throw beads to the screaming throngs of people. It was a blast. A blast. Um I absolutely recommend doing it. The ride and dine experience includes like your dinner in a full like prefix package. If you do it as an annual passholder, it's complimentary. You just have to [music] make sure that you sign up. But it is cool. If you're at the beginning of the parade, usually people aren't stingy with the beads right at the beginning. They're excited. A lot of beads get thrown out. They might hit you in the face, but you'll get a lot of beads. A little later in the parade, people start to panic that they're going through their beads too fast and they might be a little more stingy. And then at the end of the parade, they might run out. Hopefully not. Hopefully, people ration their beads correctly. But anyway, I'm not risking it. I want a lot of beads. It's Martyra after all. Now, if you're familiar with New Orleans Martyra, you might [music] know that not everything about it is familyfriendly. That's not the case at Universal Orlando. Everything about Universal Orlando's Martigra is made to be family friendly, just like the rest of the park. Okay, thank goodness. We've identified the location of the Bloody Marys. They are where they always are, but in a different stand. This is uh this is cute. I love that they have their own little stand. And you know what the little stand means? It means they're not going to take them away from me next year. I always fear that I'm going to come to a Marty GR. There's not going to be Bloody Marys. But I made a t-shirt with the Bloody Mary on it. Okay, it's like [music] 8 minutes of parade time. I had to ask the Bloody Mary booth what time they stopped serving cuz I was so scared. I'm going to miss the Bloody Mary. I'm not. Everything's fine. I just had to check. [laughter] Um they stopped serving uh at the bars about 30 minutes prior to park closed. So some of the bars will serve a little bit later than that. Usually the bigger bars, but the little bars like the Bloody Mary Bar um some of the food booths will start to close up a bit earlier. So I'm going to go get my parade spot over there cuz that's where the parade kicks off. As you can see, it's a bit more crowded around the parade route. I can see the floats on the other side of that wall getting ready to come out. If you do have an annual pass or you are a Universal Visa card holder, there are designated viewing areas for you. So don't miss those. Makes it a bit easier to get a good spot for the parade. We are gonna head I think over here. I do want that [music] like right a parade kickoff spot. Good beads. Good beads. Say it with me. Good beads. [music] You will get hit in the face. Be collection begins. I got more. There was a girl on the top who was trying to throw it to me and she successfully threw it to me. I'm a girl. I'm not even looking at the floats. I'm like so focused on catching [music] the beans. The floats are great. The dancers are kind of going crazy this year. Where are they finding people to walk on soap? Should I learn to walk on silk? They're coming. They're fish. They're [music] so cutie. It looks a little bit like a bachelorette party. Yeah. [screaming] Woo. It was Dionis. Look at the Dionis clothes. [music] I'm going to come out with a measly three beans. Bail me out. Bail me out. Now's my TB. >> [music] >> It's like an egregious amount of still walkers, right? Like [music] a lot. Look, that's me. She also only has three screens. Glitter lipstick. I take a glitter lipstick. I'm in like a be dead zone. They throw them in front of me or behind me. Never. [music] There has yellow lights. That's crazy. Yeah. Yellow lights. Buries overhead. Yeah. All gators. Oh. All right. Ready? You see him? You see him? Right in front of the kid's face. That was meant to be. I would have [music] stopped crying. I got the best shot of all time. I just got hit in the head by four glasses. >> Hey, uh, that parade rules. It's so much fun. Okay, my final count is five. It's not exactly a bead record. little bit of craziness was my spot choice to keep moving. But the good news is I'm kind of following the parade. So the parade doesn't end for me. As you can see, this is sort of the centerpiece of Marty GR Universal. Huge floats that are actually made, I believe, in New Orleans by the same folks that make floats for Marty GR in New Orleans. Tons of people on the floats throwing tons of beads. I see this parade every year. I love this event. This is I'm seriously at this event. The dancers this year, they were getting down, man. Like seriously, [music] the dancing was awesome. And there were so many still walkers and they were all going in with the dancing. Just incredible. Incredible parade. Reason to come this time of year is the parade. The Christmas parade is also good. So is the summer parade. But this one's the most fun. I think you actually can't stop dancing. [music] I'm tired. I couldn't stop dancing. I got five beads. Five beads. Where are they? I got five beads. All right. I had to sit for a second, let the parade clear cuz I couldn't have them blocking my path to [music] the very important Bloody Mary bar. I think I'm going to go mild today because I don't think I'm in a spicy mood. I [music] have a little acid reflux. Here's the deal. I got my Bloody Mary with my Jackings jerky in it. Not bad. I'm pretty excited about this, especially the pickle and the celery. Just in general, the Bloody Mary. Right now, I feel the urge to find a photo op, take a picture with my Bloody Mary and my Bloody Mary Martyrash shirt. And I saw one earlier that I'm going to go find. But I promised you I would tell you a way to save money and I still haven't done it. Now I'm going to. Um, when you are at Universal Martyra, if you're planning on eating around the fest or going for multiple days, there is an offering called the Universal Martyra food and beverage [music] card. This card you pay $65 for and it is a $75 value and you can use it like a gift card at any of the Marty GR food and beverage stops. And if Marty GR ends before you finish using it, it never expires. It's just a regular gift card that you can use at any food and beverage locations all around Universal forever. So, that's basically a free $10, which is great. And you can use at any food and beverage location. [music] If you're going to spend $75 on food, or really more than 65, as [music] most people will get this, get this morning food and beverage card. And there's an even better [music] version of it for passholders where you pay more, but you get more free money. >> Do you want to take a picture? >> I would love that. Thank you [music] so much. >> Yeah. Solo traveling. >> Oh, I love that brio. It's kind of dark. Is it supposed to be? >> Uh, let me put on a flash. >> Yeah. >> I'm so glad that girl offered to take my picture because the selfie I was taking was not going to sway. I can drink my bloody mary, but I'm realizing that this whole time my brain's been computing [music] the beef jerky stick as having a straw. Beef jerky sticks aren't hollow, so that's problematic. Go find a straw. Uh, and then I'm going to tell you about the concerts because that's what would be happening if it were a Saturday. And it would certainly [music] not be this empty in here. So on Saturdays, there are concerts on this big old outdoor stage that's right over here. And basically, this whole area will be filled with people. You'll want to get there early. Heading to the earliest point of the parade and then going straight to the concert is not a bad idea. And yes, doing that even when the concert [music] is at 8:30 and the parade is at 7:00. That can really get you a good spot, especially if it's an artist you're really excited about, which there might be because you might be shocked by the kind of artist that this concert series [music] has. You might see this year alone. RuPaul is doing a DJ set. BB Rexa is coming. The Bare Naked Ladies, the All-American Rejects. I'm so sorry, but I would lose my mind to see Gives you Hell Live. Lose it. That all happens right here. And it's free. Huge names in like pop and electronic and rock right here, including your park ticket. [music] It's hard to beat that. You will deal with some crowds. Saturdays get busy. A lot of the locals, the annual passholders, they come out for those concerts. So it gets busy, but that's pretty cool. Pretty cool part of Marty GR. One time my brother and I were here during Marty GR with my parents. This was I think in like 2019. It's probably the first year of Marty GR. And we were just walking around and we like heard um Love Shack playing like over the speakers and we were like that's a weird version of Love Shack. That's because it was live. It was the B-52's live singing Love Shack. We just had it. We just didn't know. So we were like what a weird version of Love Shack. It was live. It was live Love Shack. WE'LL DO IT LIVE >> NOW. As you can tell, the day is kind of waning in Universal Studios. Universal Studios is the hub for Mardigra, but Martyra has started to creep out of Universal Studios. You can certainly find some Martyra food offerings around CityWalk and the hotels. So, keep your eyes peeled for that on menus, especially if you're staying in a Universal hotel. Uh, so that the good times don't have to stop rolling. But you can also find maybe the second best experience of Marty GR. like trying to think. Bloody Mary is third. Parade is first. I think it's second. You can find it in CityWalk. Don't even need a park ticket for it. And we're going to check that out after park closed because it also stays open while after the park's closed. Universal Studios is open till 9:00, but that's a little early to call Marty GR at night. So, we won't be. We're headed to Citywalk to check out second best thing in Marty GR. While I finish my Bloody Mary, there's some stuff we got to talk about. For one, Massive, Furious Hollywood Drift. Yeah, Universal announced a new roller coaster coming Universal Orlando Resort in 2027. That's next year. Brand new Fast and Furious roller coaster. I'm super excited, especially because Rip Ride Rocket not my favorite. Fast and Furious ride also not my favorite. So, replacing definitely Rip Ride Rocket and I'm hoping the Fast and Furious ride is big for me. Now, the new Fast and Furious roller coaster that is coming soon over in Universal Studios Hollywood looks absolutely insanely intense. I don't know about that one, folks. So, I wonder how intense this one is going to be. Of course, I'll be keeping you a breast of all the updates right here on All Ears. So, you just stay tuned and I'll tell you everything about the family about the family coaster. And another very important update for me personally, nothing is happening to the Revenge of the Mummy attraction, but they did announce the release date for the new Mummy movie with Brandon Fraser and Rachel Weiss reprising their roles as Rick and Eevee Oonnell. It is coming in May 2028, y'all. I'm gonna be a mess in May 2028. I love The Mummy. It is easily in my top 10 movies of all time. I believe it's in my top five. It was on my top four on Letter Box. I bumped it for four things, but honestly, sometimes I waver and I almost want to say sorry, Emma Stone and Yorgosamos. [music] I have to get the mummy back. I love the mummy and the mummy returns and I tolerate the scorpion king as well and anything else I do not acknowledge. Okay, so you're at Universal Martyra. The park is closing. The good times, they seem like they're slowing to a fault. I I got to stop saying different ways of [music] let the good times roll. The bars are closing up. You maybe hop on your last ride. Maybe some random girl shouts at you about the new Mummy sequel, and you realize the vibes are that it's time to get out of the park. So, you do. Where do you go? It's so early. It's only 9:00 and it feels like there could be a lot more fun had tonight. Well, that's where Citywalk comes in. CityWalk is Universal's shopping and dining district. It is located steps from Universal Studios and Universal Islands Adventure. In fact, if you're heading to either of those places, unless you are coming from Part Rock Hotel, you are walking through CityWalk. If you park at the parking decks [music] or get dropped off by an Uber or take a bus from Universal Hotel, you will be dropped off prior to security in Citywalk all the way on the other end of it and have to walk all the way through it [music] to get to the parks. If you are coming via boat or walking path, you'll come pretty close to the park gates. Uh but still in Citywalk in most cases, so you'll definitely see it. And the Universal parks do tend to close while a lot of folks still have energy to have some fun. Citywalk tends to stay open until midnight on week nights and 1:00 a.m. on weekends. Now, of course, just like the [music] theme parks, those hours are subject to vary, but that is several more hours of shopping, dining, dancing if you want, drinking if you want, uh live band karaoke if you want after the parks closed. So, you're going to want to know what's in CityWalk. We do have a video on the [music] channel explaining everything there is to see and do in the shopping and dining area so you know your options. But right now, I'm going to show you the stars of Marty GR that are located out there. I do think we're going to need to stop by a cola freestyle machine first though. They have a Mardigra soda flavor. I fear it to be honest. I fear it's going to be a lot of purple dye. Uh but we will try it for science and for bon. All right, kids. Welcome to CityWalk. for stopping by the refresh Coca-Cola stand because they have Coca-Cola freestyle machines and we can get that Martyra flavor. I do have my refillable cup. I activated it earlier. So, okay. I was scared. Oh no, it's grayed out. Why is it grayed out? Oh, okay. Let's see if it's grayed out if I put my cup on. I didn't plan for this or think it would happen. The Coca-Cola Freestyle machines in Citywalk are out of the sodas needed and also ice. And there's no other Coca-Cola freestyle machines for the refillable cups in Citywalk. So, I could probably There's like 10 minutes left till the park actually closes. I could maybe make it, but I think that we'll just skip the Marty Grass soda. I was dreading it anyway, to be honest. I'll find out what it is for you, though. Okay, it was a Fanta Bayou Breeze. It was green and filled with bayou water probably. I don't know. Probably not. They have it in zero sugar and regular. A special Fanta for Marty GR. Okay, let's have some fun in Citywalk. I'm upstairs in Citywalk. going up the escalator to [music] see what kind of stuff is going on. Now, this one doesn't need to be on your list if you have access to it elsewhere, but I want to shout it out because it is a particularly good spot for Marty GR. Fat Tuesday. There's also a Fat Tuesday stand down by the water, but the Fat Tuesday up here uh is a little bit bigger. And this is a daquiri bar just like the Fat Tuesdays you can find in New Orleans. So, it's just like an authentic New Orleans experience. I gotta say, I really recommend mixing the orange with the electric blue one. Really good stuff. Now, we are two drinks deep. And one thing about a Universal cocktail is they pour them strong. So, I think we might be calling it for the night on drinks. But that doesn't mean that we can't go have some fun at a surprising spot. Pat O'Brien's. So, look for this giant hurricane glass. When you see a hurricane glass, you might think New Orleans. That's with good reason. Oh, is that Marty GR decor I see? It sure is. Pat O'Brien's is a pretty significant spot. We'll tell you why. The Pat O'Brien's was born as a speak easy in New Orleans during the days of Prohibition. And of course, they go all out for Marty GR. Beautiful Marty GR garland and things like that. The bar pretty lively even on a uh Tuesday night that I'm here. And then just a beautiful vibe all around. This is the room to be in though because there's dueling pianos. This is a year- round offering, but they add a little bit of Martyra flare around the holiday. >> [music] >> is very fun. [singing] >> The menu is a selection of New Orleans favorites and therefore things that are pretty fitting for Marty Gro. Hurricane and a souvenir glass is a great way to go and they do take requests at the pianos. Pretty cool. [music] Now, the last spot is my favorite spot. It's called the Cursed Coconut [music] Club. There is a bar at Citywalk called the Red Coconut Club, and they do a different themed vibe when Universal has their big events as well. So at Halloween Horror Nights, it's going to be a spooky bar. At Martyra, it's a cursed bar. Also spooky, different spooky vibe. Now this year, the cursed coconut club is the Salon Dami with crypted spirits and a dive bar. Spirits is kind of a double meaning. Dive bar is funny. Bigfoot's in there. Now, as you can see, it is not open uh every night of the week. It's open Wednesdays through Sundays. And of course, those hours can vary. But oh my gosh, look at that Bigfoot drawing. Very good. It's open Wednesdays through Sundays. Those hours can vary, but that is what to look out for it. And this bar is kind of like the tribute store where even if you're not drinking, you want to go in and look around just for the theme. It is incredible. The theming is so cool at this every single year. Uh as you're as I'm talking, you can see a couple of years past. Just awesome. On top of that, pretty good bar, great drinks, and often you can find some incredible live entertainment as well. In the past, you might even have caught some performances by an all yours friend Sage. So, Cursed Coconut Club, very cool. Definitely a must. If you happen to be here on a night that has it, make sure to stop [music] by the Cursed Coconut Club. And it does follow CityWalk's hours, so it's going to be open way later than the parks. And that is a quick guide to Mardigra at Universal Orlando Resort. Remember, if you want to see more of how that event works into a regular park day, check out our perfect day from last year. And hopefully this video helps you have the best time at Universal Marty GR. Maybe helps you plan a trip to come during Universal Martyra. or if you can't do either, let you live a little vicariously through me. Thank you so much for watching. If you are still here, please like this video and drop this secret code in the comments so we know you made it all the way. Plus, don't forget to subscribe. We upload tips, games, and more from Universal and beyond all week because we are serious about fun. Lazy lemon rule, baby. Happy Martigra. King King gator prince gator gator gator later gator
