---
video_id: x8Fuvl56fM0
channel: AllEars.net
title: "The Muppet Show Ft. Sabrina Carpenter 🐸🐽"
published: 2026-01-03
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8Fuvl56fM0
---
Everyone, shut up. They finally dropped Everyone, shut up. They finally dropped Everyone, shut up. They finally dropped a full trailer for the new Muppet a full trailer for the new Muppet a full trailer for the new Muppet special that's coming out on February special that's coming out on February special that's coming out on February Of course, we had to put our Kermit Of course, we had to put our Kermit Of course, we had to put our Kermit sweater on. And I'm so excited. sweater on. And I'm so excited. sweater on. And I'm so excited. &gt;&gt; It's the return of the Muppet Show. &gt;&gt; It's the return of the Muppet Show. &gt;&gt; It's the return of the Muppet Show. &gt;&gt; I'm going to cry all February 4th. &gt;&gt; I'm going to cry all February 4th. &gt;&gt; I'm going to cry all February 4th. [music] [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Depending on how &gt;&gt; Depending on how &gt;&gt; Depending on how &gt;&gt; pausing that because that's what we're &gt;&gt; pausing that because that's what we're &gt;&gt; pausing that because that's what we're all hoping for. We're really hoping if all hoping for. We're really hoping if all hoping for. We're really hoping if this su like this goes well, they're this su like this goes well, they're this su like this goes well, they're going to bring back the whole show. So, going to bring back the whole show. So, going to bring back the whole show. So, everyone, please watch it just for me, everyone, please watch it just for me, everyone, please watch it just for me, just for my personal sake. And I'm glad just for my personal sake. And I'm glad just for my personal sake. And I'm glad they're acknowledging that out the gate. &gt;&gt; You're too sweet. &gt;&gt; You're too sweet. &gt;&gt; You're too sweet. &gt;&gt; Two icons. &gt;&gt; Two icons. &gt;&gt; Two icons. [music] &gt;&gt; It's always been a dream of mine to be &gt;&gt; It's always been a dream of mine to be &gt;&gt; It's always been a dream of mine to be here. here. here. &gt;&gt; Got any other dreams? &gt;&gt; Got any other dreams? &gt;&gt; Got any other dreams? &gt;&gt; That's so funny. H. Okay, it's only 30 &gt;&gt; That's so funny. H. Okay, it's only 30 &gt;&gt; That's so funny. H. Okay, it's only 30 seconds. I'm so excited. Yeah, I do plan seconds. I'm so excited. Yeah, I do plan seconds. I'm so excited. Yeah, I do plan on re-watching this multiple times and on re-watching this multiple times and on re-watching this multiple times and it's the only thing I'm doing on it's the only thing I'm doing on it's the only thing I'm doing on February 4th. So, let's all just do it February 4th. So, let's all just do it February 4th. So, let's all just do it together. We can have like a watch together. We can have like a watch together. We can have like a watch party, like a virtual watch party, party, like a virtual watch party, party, like a virtual watch party, because I want the Muppets back forever because I want the Muppets back forever because I want the Muppets back forever and ever. If you guys could just help me and ever. If you guys could just help me and ever. If you guys could just help me with that. Overall takeaways from the with that. Overall takeaways from the with that. Overall takeaways from the trailer, I think it looks so fun. I trailer, I think it looks so fun. I trailer, I think it looks so fun. I think it looks classic Muppets with a think it looks classic Muppets with a think it looks classic Muppets with a little bit of updated touches, and little bit of updated touches, and little bit of updated touches, and there's multiple icons, but the choice there's multiple icons, but the choice there's multiple icons, but the choice of Sabrina Carpenter was absolutely of Sabrina Carpenter was absolutely of Sabrina Carpenter was absolutely perfect. She's funny. She has all the perfect. She's funny. She has all the perfect. She's funny. She has all the great comedic timing that is needed for great comedic timing that is needed for great comedic timing that is needed for the Muppets. She's an absolute talent the Muppets. She's an absolute talent the Muppets. She's an absolute talent and she is the girl of the moment. So, I and she is the girl of the moment. So, I and she is the girl of the moment. So, I think everything is coming together to think everything is coming together to think everything is coming together to really make a great special. We just all really make a great special. We just all really make a great special. We just all have to go watch
