---
video_id: 3RvVlwR-5e0
channel: AllEars.net
title: "How to Do the MOST in Disney World -- ALL 4 Parks"
published: 2026-01-23
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RvVlwR-5e0
---
We're racing [music] to do the most in Disney World. >> We only have 1 hour at each park. >> This is how to do the most in Disney World. >> You're going down. >> You're going down. You're going down. >> All right, we're off to the races. Only 1 hour in Magic [music] Kingdom. That is not a lot of time. Uh to try to get a lot done. >> What's included in this challenge? Attractions, meeting characters, as long as you're waiting in the line. Um any live entertainments, like if we saw the band, the show. The show counts. Hold on. We're watching the show. >> Castle show is happening right now. If we watch [music] one minute of a show, it counts for us. So, I am actually going to cruise that way. She's probably doing the same, but might as well catch a quick minute of the castle show. [music] >> [music] [music] [music] [music] >> I got to say, Let It Go is a banger. I've probably heard it 3,000 times. Still a banger. Since when I walked out there, I got close to Liberty Square. I was thinking it might be fun to come to Haunted Mansion if it's got a short wait, which I can find out by checking the My Disney Experience app on my phone. The app has all the wait times across all of Disney World. You can filter by park. You can look at it via a map or a list to be able to see stuff that's close to you. It is a 13-minute wait for Haunted Mansion. That is a walk-on. So, we are going to go ahead and knock out Haunted Mansion. I would also like to do a lot of characters because characters are relatively quick and if you wait in one line to meet two characters then each character counts. So that's going to really help get our numbers up. If we [music] meet like all four princesses and all four story book circus Mickey and Friends characters. Oh, although they are not all meeting right now because it's under construction. It's okay. It's okay. Haunted Mansion's a good start. Also just like in general a great way to start the day. So I'll take it. All right. So that's one for Magic Kingdom already on our list. I am heading back to Fantasy Land. We were checking the times while we were on the ferry. Everything is a really low weight. I will give you a little behind the scenes. We are filming this the day of the Disney World Marathon. So, it is Sunday, January 11th. And a lot of the times we tell people not to come during a race weekend cuz it does get pretty busy. But so many rides were at 5 minutes when we first got here. I don't know if that's still the case, but a lot of these rides in the back of Fantasy Land are going to be short waits. So, marathon >> should be mostly wrapping up now. I think there are still a few people who are probably running, but for the most part, everybody's asleep in their hotels. And let's see. Mad Tea Party. 5 minutes. Let's go. All right, now I'm awake. Forget coffee. Just go ride the mad tea party. Oh, look. New cast members. How cute. Now, we're going to keep going. My goal for most of this is to stay in Fantasy Land because there are so many attractions and they're all going to have low weights right now. So, we're going to head to the very back. I think we'll we'll just make a lap. We'll do Dumbo. We'll do Barntormer. We'll meet the characters back there. That would get us a lot of points and just be the less the most the what am I trying to say? The least amount of walking possible. We'll just hit up all these attractions and call it a day because I mean it's only been 8 minutes. Only been 8 minutes since we started this. Oh, look. Oh, interesting. Minnie and Goofy are out right now. Why are they out here? That's so strange. I've never seen that. Okay, Dumbo. 5 minutes. Let's go ride Dumbo. I'm kind of thinking I head towards Fantasy Land, which is not what I intended to do originally. I was going to go to Adventureland, but thing about Adventureland rides, even though there's actually really short waits over there right now, is that the rides themselves are long. Um I don't really want to ride anything that's going to take over 5 minutes. Uh which is true of both Pirates of the Caribbean and well sometimes but most of the time and uh Jungle Cruise definitely [music] Tiana's definitely. So it would really just be Magic Carpets of Aladdin over there whereas over here there's a number of rides that take less time but the wait times are longer. So I don't know. The thing that's really driving me into land is that characters are going to be more of an option over here. I also want to check entertainment times. I think that's going to be a saving grace for us getting our numbers up today. Captain Hook strolling through. Where's he going? Unfortunately, strolling characters don't count. Five minute wait for Small World will be good, but 5 minute wait for Small World long. That was a long attraction. This is probably going to be too long a wait. Wait a minute. Yeah, 40. I thought that was about to be a single digit. So, I think carousel is calling to me. The Dapper Dans are at 11:55. I should probably meet somebody. And I do think we're going to go meet these princesses. They're supposed to wait say 10 and 15 minutes. Those are likely going to be walk like walk-ins because um these weight times are notoriously inaccurate. They are often posted much higher or lower than they actually are. Um the best way to judge them is to look at them with your eyes. If the line is outside, you're looking at 45 minutes plus [music] to an hour. If the line is uh inside in that first room, probably 20 30 minutes. And if you are in that main hallway that we're about to walk into, you're looking at usually like under 20, definitely it's worth waiting if they're all in that main hallway for sure. And then I'll often wait, especially if I've got if it's a must do for me or my godkids or anything. This first room I will wait in. But I never wait outside because the line will drop from there unless it's a super busy day. As you can see, there's nobody in here. So, this is going to be as fast as possible. We're going to do I think this side and [music] then the other side. Four princesses meet in here. You wait in one line to meet two and on one side it is Cinderella and the visiting princess and on the other it is Tiana and the visiting princess. You will not know who the visiting princess is until you walk into the room. The cast members cannot tell you who it is. So you just have to head on in and find [music] out. So we'll see who we get to meet today. So fun fact, if you're ever wanting to do like this on your own, pick the Dumbo that's by the exit cuz they land in the same spot. So by picking this one, we'll be right by the exit ready to go once it's over. That's a pro pro fry tip. Hi Belle, how are you? >> Very good. >> Thank you. Yeah, I have a couple around. >> How are you? >> Yeah, just a little extra magic. >> Of course. Of course. But it looks beautiful. >> Thank you so much. >> Would you could add a little bit of extra magic in my hair, too. >> Yeah, that would be good. That would be good. I think she's pretty good at hair. Your hair looks great as is, but I think you could use a little extra magic. >> Oh, yeah. There you go. I'm switching gears because who knows when these characters are going to go away. So, I'm going to go do this now and then I can do all the rides in a minute. Shouldn't be too long. Hello, Cinderella. How are you? >> Did the mice and birds help you with your hair? >> Absolutely. Yeah, they help me get a little extra magic in there. >> You know, they always like to help me with mine, too. >> Oh, especially when there's a roll for >> Oh, yeah. >> Have you been to a ball before? >> I've never been to a ball. I would love to go to a ball. >> Okay, just an update. It's been about 10 minutes since I was on Dumbo. It's been 10 minutes. Go Luffy and Minnie had to go away, check something, and then come back out. Um, so I think this will still be okay cuz 10 minutes will probably be closer to 15 when we get up there. Kind of longer than I wanted to wait, but I will get two points for this cuz it's two different characters and I'm waiting in a line. So, I think it'll be fine. I think it's still good strategy because the rides will stay there forever. I wasn't sure when they were going to the characters were going to go back inside. So, [music] I feel I feel good about this decision. >> Two princesses. Check. Uh, I'm going to do two more princesses. I did help out my competitor a bit and tell her uh I didn't want to, but I did tell her that Belle is meeting with Cinderella because Belle is her favorite princess and I did not want her to miss out on that. So, even though I know it's going to help her get her numbers up to meet two characters in one line, she can't miss meeting Belle because she loves Belle so much. So, hopefully she comes over here and meets her. Uh, I think I'm missing the dapper dance right now. Should I go see the dapper? I'm gonna go see the dapper dance. Hopefully I can catch them. It's not a short walk to where they sing. But maybe they'll be singing on a Main Street vehicle. That would be great. We could potentially get get them when they come up by the castle. They're singing at the bottom of Main Street. We're going to really need to haul it over there. Uh, while I do, I'm going to check out if there's any uh like roaming characters. I would love it if the steps sisters would come out. That would be another two for one. Hey, Goofy. Just me. Hi. So nice to see you. Great to see y'all two together. I won't take up much of your time. I just wanted to say that I'm competing in a race with my friend. We're trying to see who can do the most stuff and characters count as one point each. So, you're giving me two points. So, hopefully I win. Yeah. >> Here come the dance. We are on a main street vehicle. Yes. down [singing] our way. [music] >> This is great cuz they're moving with me as I walk back to Fantasy Land. Okay, Quincy is a really good friend because she texted me. She's meeting or she met Cinderella in Princess Fairy Tale Hall and she said Belle is the visiting princess. [laughter] Belle is my favorite. So, I am completely ditching my strategy selfishly. I want to go meet Belle because she's never she's rarely in Princess Fairy Tale Hall. That means she's in her yellow dress. Okay, so this is a little selfish, but I'll still get two points. So hopefully this will put me in the lead. I'll give you a time check. It is 10:54. So this is probably the last thing we're going to do, but maybe that means either Quincy and I might tie or I might be get one more than her. I don't know. I don't know what she's done. But she is a really good friend and I appreciate that cuz I love Belle. This has been a good day. Also, I never know the best way to film meeting characters. I never know to film out or to film myself at that time. I filmed myself. I know that Minnie or Goofy were not on the screen. They were like really far apart. They weren't getting that close to me. So, I should have should have filmed out and I didn't. So, I apologize for that. Um, but that was really fun to meet the two of them together. That doesn't usually happen. We're headed to Princess Doll. Okay. I'm going to go see Belle and hopefully they don't switch her out before I get there. Everybody cross your fingers. You know what? I didn't even look at the posted wait time, so I don't know how long this is going to be. But I I feel like this might be the last thing we do, but maybe it'll get through quickly. I don't know. >> Oh my gosh. No way. The stuff sisters was looking and it said the next time they came out was going to be 12:10. That's because they were coming out right now at 11:00, which is great. >> Did you prevent half red hair to me? >> I did. Obviously, >> naturally, you wore a red hair. >> Yes. And I wore it because of you. And actually, >> kind of you, somebody has to do it, you know. Not everyone can pull off the brew. >> It's It's very striking. I I do I partial to Red, but it's >> Hi to you. >> Nice to see you, too. This is a great surprise. >> Oh, I'm so glad you were able to stop. >> Of course. >> Cat's picking a lovely bouquet of flowers for the little friend. >> Yes. >> Oh, I think they adore this one. Although, I do need to be careful not to pick any golden rods. always makes sneezy sneeze. >> Oh yeah, we can't have that. Hi, Cinderella. >> I just wanted to come say hi. >> You brought a little >> I did this. Whoops. He fell off. My little alien friend. He comes with me everywhere. >> Almost the same size, too. My ne. >> Yeah, I do. I love a bow. I think any outfit needs it. >> Nothing like meeting Anastasia. They are so funny. Um, okay. It is 11:11. 10 minutes left. This is so little time. Um I think I want to get another ride in, but I could meet two more princesses in that time. But if I only get through one in the 10 minutes, then I would only get one thing anyway, and I would love to have another ride. I think I'm going to go for another ride. Okay, listen. I love Snow White, but that was [laughter] kind of I'm a little disappointed, but it's okay. That That's why The Visiting Princess, they never tell you who it is, because if they tell you in line that it's going to be Belle, and then you walk in there and it's Snow White, you're going to be disappointed. So, love Snow. That's a great surprise cuz she doesn't always meet. Great, great interactions overall and I got two points. It is now 11:12. What can I do in 8 minutes? I'm going to try the carousel. That might that might be it. Oh, Quincy. She didn't hear me. Let's see if I can get on. >> Oh, I [laughter] was like, what is this person doing? >> What is this stranger getting really close to me? >> Teenage influencer. >> That's a good way to end the round. >> Yeah, but not really cuz we're tied. Here we are. Time. We could if we get off this, there's a chance we could get in to meet. It's only a five minute wait for the other princess. We could go together >> and get two more points up. >> Yeah. >> We must be doing lots of adventuring today. >> Oh, absolutely. >> But with all that hopping around, you two must have worked up quarky appetite. >> I am getting kind of hungry. It's almost lunch. >> Well, we all going to have to do some cooking together. >> I think so. >> Oh, after all, my daddy did say food brings everyone together. Do you have anything in mind for us to make? >> We can make a big heap of swan gumbo. >> Sounds good to me. I did. I did. >> He's no Pascal, but he's pretty close. >> He is. Although he has three eyes. I've never seen a chameleon with three eyes. >> It's just part of his pattern. He's just blending in, and we just got a little confused. >> Well, that's really fun. And I like his outfit, too. You must have made it for him in your tower. >> She is getting good at sewing. I am. >> Are you really? I'm very beginner. >> Oh, that's all right. Well, this looks pretty good. I think you're better than beginner. >> Thank you. I appreciate that. >> In 1 hour, we both did 10 things. So, >> it's like we're pros. >> It's like we're pros or something. We are tied. Um, but there's three more hours in this day. Uh, we're going to make our way over to our next park, Epcot. You think? >> Sure. >> And then we're going to see uh if we can break this tie a bit over there. >> What if we tie the whole game? >> Then that just means we're pros. It also means we're pros if we don't tie because we just are pros, but we're we're extra pros if we tie the whole game. So, over to Epcot. [music] >> All right, Epcot time. An hour. >> 1 hour. See you in an hour. >> All right. Okay. I really have a strategy for Epcot. I should have thought about it. I'm wait over here. Of course, I'm sure she's going here as well. I'm going to go hop in line for Mickey and Friends. It's a meet and greet in World Celebration. and you meet three characters. So, this will be three points. >> All right. Right now in Kanto, a musical celebration is going on or a celebration in Kanto. I can't remember what it's called. But anyway, that is a show. That's why we're going to count really quick. We're going to watch a minute of it to make it count and we're going to onto some quicker rides so we can make it happen. 1 hour is on a very big park. So, let's see what we can do. Lookie there. Jams. I can see them. So, you know what? This counts. >> All right. I headed into celebration. No, wait. I just saw a celebration in KZO. I am headed into journey to imagination with Figment. Uh, slowmoving dark cry takes you to the imagination institute where they are taking you on a tour of their labs. Um, the lab, sight lab and smell lab, sound lab, taste lab. Some of those you don't make it to. Um, because Figment, the little purple dragon, uh, who is the figment of imagination, derails the tour a bit. I love this ride. It's definitely a little controversial. Some folks don't love it. I had some better versions before this one I've heard. But this is the one I grew up with, so I'm partial to it, and I do think you have to write it to understand Figment, who is an icon, and beloved by many. It is a walk-on right now, which also makes it good for our game. Hi, Mickey. How are you doing? >> So good to see you. Happy to see you. I am doing a challenge with my friend. We're trying to see who can do the most in an hour in Epcot, and you're the [music] very first thing on my list. So hopefully hopefully I win. But you, Goofy, and Minnie all count as three points because I'm meeting three characters. [music] So, I saw those dance moves. >> They're good. They're good. I mean, I can't I'm not as good as you. So, >> yeah, I know. >> Hey, how are you doing? Good to see you. Hi, Minnie. Good to see you. Had to come say hi. Hi. hug. [music] I've been telling everybody, all your friends, I'm doing a challenge with one of my friends today to see who can do the most. So, meeting all of you, I just got three points and I only waited in one line. So, I feel like that's that's the right strategy. Mhm. Yeah. So, also, you're my favorite, so I love coming to say hi to you. [music] >> Wow, that was three great character interactions all around. I Sorry, I'm trying to get my phone out of my pocket. I'm using a new bag for the first time this trip. It's It's doing good. I think I like it. But that was so fun. All three character interactions were really good. I think I'm a little rusty cuz I was a little a little out of it for some of them. I couldn't understand what Mickey was trying to say. Sorry, Mickey. Um, but I don't know what I'm trying to say. Anyways, [music] that was three points. It was kind of the longest line, longer than I wanted to wait, but that's okay cuz we got three points. We are now going to go do Moana journey of water and I think we will probably stay in the world nature section for a minute. I don't know if I want to do Finding Nemo. Living with the Land is too long. We've made it to Journey of Water inspired by Moana. This is a walkthrough attraction, but it's going to count for this. This is basically teaching you all about the water cycle and it's really beautiful. It's beautiful during the day and at night. So either either time you're going to love it. There's also dry paths and wet paths in case you don't really want to get wet. You don't really get that wet in [music] this. You'll be fine. Oh, I got a new watch. I hit my goal. But look at how pretty this is. See, like this is considered the wet path. And it's just a little water on the ground. So, you'll be all right. Just kidding. I take that back. You can do this little this little moment where you walk through the water, but it doesn't really get you wet. But then there's also a dry path. And there are some restrooms back here just in case you need to know. That storm that dark those dark clouds that's scaring me. Look, it's Teeiti. I mean, this is absolutely beautiful. I think this is a wonderful addition to Epcot. I love it. >> Okay, I was hoping to catch the jamters because they're performing over here, but not feeling optimistic um because they're set started. [music] I doubt they play for 10 full minutes. They'd have to play for 10 full minutes for me to catch them right now, but it's okay if we don't. Um so, I got other stuff [music] I want to do over here. I'm not hearing any percussion, which is like I'd be able to hear it by now. Yeah, I think we missed them. No worries though because we're going to cruise right up this pathway here. Um, one of the best possible uses of our time. It was the Mickey and Friends meet and greet, which is a three for one line for three characters, which is incredible. And they just moved a group in. So, if we hop in line, we will probably be in the next group to go meet uh Mickey and friends. And it's always Mickey and we don't know what the other friends are. Although, they are extending the line right now. But, it's a three. How do we pass up on that? Okay, I do think I messed up by not going to see Celebration and Kanto before I got in that line because now they're taking a lunch break. Should I do Nemo? >> I'll just do Nemo. Hi, Mickey. How's it going? It's pretty good on my end, too. I mean, at Epcot, it's pretty cool place. Yeah. You having a good day so far? Yeah. I got my friends in here. They wanted to come see you, too. Yeah. They're really small, but they live in there. [laughter] Well, thanks, Mickey. Can we take a picture? Yeah, I know. They're so little. Hi, Goofy. How's it going? Oh, pretty good. Me, too. I'm at Epcot. How can it not be going well? Yeah, I know. We're matching and we match a lot. I like I'm a fan of your style. I think you really got the best get up. Everybody talks about Minnie and Daisy and Mickey, but they're really overlooking the goof style. Hi, Minnie. How's it going? Oh, very good. Very good. You know, I really like your backdrop. You got the Montreal. It's pretty cool. >> Yeah. Zooming by. Best way to get around, right? [laughter] That took a minute, but I got three things, so it's kind of okay. I think I want to do a journey into imagination. Looks like it's going to rain, which isn't the worst thing in the world. Um, so I want to do a journey, not journey into imagination, journey of water. A lot of journeys here at Epcot. Maybe the seas with Nemo and friends. Um, we'll see how we're feeling. Otherwise, I know that like I've just been looking at kind of characters, entertainment. We only have 20 minutes left. I feel like this has gone by so much faster than Magic Kingdom did. Um, but we've got five things down. I think we can probably do three more maybe. One challenge with uh Epcot, I think Animal Kingdom will give us the run around as well, is that it is a farther walk to different things. And I'm staying kind of in one area, but there's lots of characters that I could quickly meet, but they're all over in World Showcase, and World Showcase is super spread out, so I don't want to do that. So, it's just a little tricky getting stuff done quickly here. I'm thinking that we'll probably do on a journey of water and then decide on the season with Nemo and Friends. It's a pretty quick ride, but line can fluctuate. It's 10 right now. I'd love for it to be 5. Um, we don't want it to be 20, which it could also go up to. I've seen it at like 40 at this time of day, so who knows, you know? Also, with those rain clouds, that might mean some characters aren't coming out and they normally would. So, I don't know. We'll see. Maybe could get Pluto. I don't know. We're going to do the fastest journey of water anyone's ever journeyed. I think as long as I touch some water or interact with some water at some point in here, that will count. But this is such a beautiful attraction. Day or night, rain or shine, gorgeous, gorgeous walkthrough attraction. Also smells like garlic right now, which is a good smell. >> All right, it's about that time. We are about to channel our inner fry speed because mariachi cobra is out. If I can get over to Mexico, mariachi cobra, ride grand fiesta, then oh boy, it's going to rain and then um maybe I come back. Oh, it's already raining. It's raining right now. So, do we think mariachi? We should still be out. Okay, the plan. We're going to mariachi coay. Then we're going to ride. Then we're going to try to come back ride and hopefully meet Pluto up at the front at Epcot by 1:45. To be honest, that's in 10 minutes to do all of that. That won't happen. So, we need to pick and choose. Pluto will be last. I might not do Figment cuz it's not going to be fun to walk all the way to Mexico. But, I don't know what else we could do. I looked up all the entertainment and that's the only [music] one that is happening in the 1:00 hour and close to when it'll work out for us. Man, I can't believe we didn't look at the weather. I didn't think it was supposed to rain today. It's January. Is it going to rain the rest of the day? No. [music] Typical Florida fashion just in the next little hour. So, that will be fun cuz I [music] have no reindeer. That's okay. All right, everyone channel your speed. I'll see you in Mexico. Decided to do the seas. Provided the wait time doesn't change in the next 5 [music] seconds that I'm walking into the ride. So, it's a 10-minute wait. If we get inside and it looks bad, we might fail cuz I do think we can do two more things in 15 minutes. >> Okay, I don't hear them. We're going to go just to check cuz I would hate to miss it. But I doubt that they're not outside because of the rain. They're standing there. They're standing there, but they can't play. Dang it. Okay. Oh my gosh. I'm all wet. Thankfully, I have my hat, but we're going to go inside, ride the Grand Fiesta tour, and pray that this rain doesn't last much longer because this is ruining my plants. And because of the rain, that means the ride is probably going to have a longer line because people came inside to get out of the rain. I'm also hungry. I think this will be our last thing that we do. Okay, pardon my mic lights, but they just said they have to power down and power the ride back up. And I'm in the EAC and I am getting busy cuz this is what I'm looking at. >> This is my friends, please remain seated. The arrived vehicle will begin moving immediately. Thank you. >> Please, please move. I'm not I don't like getting motion sickness when I'm not moving. Am I moving? No. >> About to get started again. >> They keep saying we're about to move and then we don't move. All right, with our ride stop. That takes us to time. But I'm okay with that showing. We'll see how far I did. Um, I love the aquarium. I used to want to be a marine biologist. And so the aquarium is a great place for me. Problem with me wanting to be a marine biologist. I don't particularly like being underwater. And I'm only good enough at swimming for it to not be the end of the world if I were to fall like off a boat. So, it's really not a good option for me. I'm not really sure. I actually specifically wanted to be an aquinaut, which is like an astronaut, but you live in bunkers at the bottom of the ocean to study fish. That's what I wanted to do. Now, I'm not sure why, but I do still really like aquariums. [music] Game on hour 243. 243. Okay, >> I think got a real quick record. Oh, I saw them yesterday. >> Hey, friends. Should we get a photo? I think it's a good idea. You guys are long, but Donald Duck is over here. Do you think you should? >> All right. Record setter scene. [laughter] >> I don't like this. No, me neither. Whoa, where'd she go? That was crazy. Interesting. [music] Okay, so it's no longer raining and Donald was outside, which bodess well for our character catching. We just got to see who's out. Uh my plan here is single rider uh single rider [music] central is sort of my vibe, which there are two good single riders in this park. Both of them are in Galaxy's Edge, so I'm [music] headed that way. along the way. Star Tours, very short weight, probably a walk-on. Pretty short ride, but I'd like to leave that to the end. Um because I think there's two rides that I can do faster with the single rider. Both Galaxy's Edge rides, which would be really cool. Yes, including Rise of Resistance. Um so I'm headed that way. Um along the way, I don't think we're going to duck in Olaf yet. I've been keeping an eye on his weight times when we were in the other parks and he's been 5 minutes for hours [music] and hours and hours. So, and I guess we should do it though. Just nah, no, no, no. Let's stick with the plan. Stick with the plan. We're going to go back to those single riders and then move forward. The reason I'm cruising past Olaf is because in 5 minutes, Goofy and Max come out together up here. And I would love to get those two. This one line for two characters [music] is good for us. And uh it's not a very obvious character meet and greet spot, so lots of folks aren't going to be lined up in advance for that. There is a Mickey and Minnie character meet and greet. It has been about a 25 minute wait when I'm looking today. Right now it is a 30 minute wait. So that's definitely not going to play into our hour. Said we're just going to try to catch the goof boys man and sun and then head into Galaxy's Edge. We're going to go meet Daisy. Perfect timing. There's only one family in front of us. Hi Miss Daisy. How are you? Staying cool. I hope with the rain a little bit. Yeah. But it feels much better now than before. I had to come see you. [music] I'm playing a game with my friend to see who can do the most stuff. and you count as one point. So hopefully I'm going to win. We're tied right now. So I'm trying to win. >> Bad news for the start of our go. We should have stopped at Olaf. There was a We were waiting in line. It was dry. Rain started trickling but on and off not enough. And then the person in front of me, the family in front of me saw there was a lightning warning which means no characters outside. In the instance of lightning, there will be no characters outside. Uh rides will not run. Outdoor attractions won't run. So definitely put a pause on things. The good news is uh typically also when the weather's bad, people tend to clear out um and folks don't want to be moving around too much. So wait times can drop in general. If you have a Lightning Lane for a ride that's gone down, you'll get an experience redemption that you can use on any almost any attraction at any time. So you can use it for that ride or you can use it for a different ride and you no longer have to worry about your reservation time. You just get to use that experience redemption. So can actually be a good thing if you have Lightning Lane. Now the single fesence is a little tricky to find. They have a sign out for it. So when in doubt, ask a cast member. But you actually go in the exit. All these people are coming out. Go upstream. It is typically a pretty short line. Even when you see people here, with no people here is looking very good. That's very good. We're catching up to the single rider line right as they move through. >> Thank you. Well, that at least was good timing because you basically have to hold between this pre-show and then they bring you back in this little back hallway. So you see it breaks the immersion of the ride, breaks the story a bit. Um cuz we're going to be held here. Then we're going to be sent across the Stormtrooper room. So, you still see a lot of it, but you don't get the full story. Okay. Then we cruise through the Stormtrooper room. This is a wild I I was going to destroy me this time because of that Max and Goofy mess up. Unless she had a similar stitch. Then we get routed straight into interrogation, which is awesome. Uh that it looks this empty because when it's this empty, that means that we are going to get moved pretty quickly into boarding. >> Oh, this is amazing. Yeah, something must have happened with their spacing. >> Still going. This is wild. It's super empty. So, typically you have to wait there. I would not be with the other single riders. OMG and Chip and Dale are right there. I don't know if they have a line, though. They look like they might be roaming. I can't tell. Okay, we're quickly going to look. I don't think they have a line. They're not going to count. Who's over here? This is usually where No. No. We're moving on. We're moving on. Quincy and I were talking the whole car ride. I didn't have a chance to look. Wait times list. Oh, we could go meet Olaf and Star Tours. Star Tours is a long attraction kind of. Just the boarding takes forever. Maybe we do Olaf and then Star Tours and then meet Darth Vader. That's what I'm going to try to do. [music] [music] >> [music] >> Hi Olaf. How are you? I had to come say hi. Good to see you again. I wanted to say I'm doing a challenge with my friend. Trying to see who can do the most. So counting you meeting you counts as one point. So hopefully I'm going to win. It's a little hard right now. All the rain. I can't meet all the characters. But I mean, I of course wanted to come get a warm hug from you. >> Oh no, it's raining again. All right, we met Olaf. We'll say I'm running out of steam with my characters. I'm saying the same thing to all of them, which is fine, but that might be boring for you. I don't know. Okay, because it's raining and we're very close. I'm going to go hop in line for Star Trek. >> Right, time to go save the galaxy again. All right, the good news, I did have a um rises that moved way faster than usual because um I don't know what had happened. their pacing had gotten off or something and there was nobody um nobody really on the ride in front of us. So we basically walked right in. Didn't have to wait at all. Walked on Rise of Resistance. Unheard of. And then uh the ride itself, they even like skipped the last dialogue with Lieutenant Beck at the end because there was nobody unloading in front of us. So we literally just went straight to unload. Really wild. Um so that at least helped us make up a little bit of time. It is actively raining right now, so I'm not optimistic about any outdoor live entertainment or characters right now. Um, I am headed to our next quick ride. I'm headed to the Millennium Falcon Fers Run because it has a really good single rider line most of the time and right now posted 15-minute wait, which is awesome. The parks have been very slow today, January in general. Good time to be in Disney World. Uh, just watch for events and holidays. But funnily enough, today is an event. It is the Walt Disney World Marathon. typically a day that is uh discouraged. I wouldn't do it because the marathon runners are all in the parks, but it's weirdly slow. So maybe uh enough people were discouraged from coming that has been weirdly slow. So it's literally marathon day. It's a Sunday. I don't know. Weird. Uh we're going to head in the single rider line. The pros of the single rider line is that you're going to get on the ride very very very fast. You're willing able to split up [music] your party. Great option. On this ride in particular, you know, in rides that have the con of you skip the pre-shows. on this ride. It has a big climb that you will most likely be the engineer, which as of right now is the least fun position on this ride. Now, this ride is getting some updates. One of which is that the engineer will get to choose where you go. So, [music] it's getting a new Mandalorian story line that does have different experiences when you ride. The engineer gets to choose the destination for the Falcon. So, the roll is going to start having a little bit more fun to it. [music] Right now, there's going to be no one missing other lives. Feel free. Okay, next up, I'm thinking meeting Mickey Mini at Red Carpet Dreams. When I checked in line, it was a 20-minute wait, and right now it's gone down to 15. So, I think that would be a good option to get two more points and then we might head into Galaxy's Edge for Smugglers Run Single Rider. I don't know. I think it's pretty dry. Nope. A little drizzle happening, but maybe not enough to me and the characters aren't out. There's definitely uh the first part of my plan was to see the First Order little moment show with Kylo Ren that happens over there. It is not happening. I can see from here. Oh man, I think we just go back towards Olaf and Star Tours. We've still got Oh man, this is not going well. Still got 20 minutes here. It is so far very clear that it's much easier to do a lot in an hour in Magic Kingdom, which is funny. I'm not sure I would have guessed that. I guess I would have. There's a lot in a small amount of space in Magic Kingdom. You don't have to walk as much. There's a lot of entertainment, a lot of characters, a lot of indoor characters. So, definitely wild. I think I would have guessed it was hardest to do a lot in Hollywood Studios or Epcot. A Mickey Mini meet over here at Red Carpet Dreams. This is a wonderful Mickey Mini meet and greet, honestly. um because their outfits are super cute. Minnie meets as a movie star in her beautiful premiier dress. Um and Mickey meets as a movie star in his Fantasmic outfits. Of course, they start in Fantasmic. It is an indoor meet and greet, so rain or shine, it will be happening. Um and you wait in one line to meet both. Nice. So, let's see. Ooh, this line is long. I don't know about this, friends. Well, they're not using a ton of the switchbacks. Let's just see what happens. Oh my goodness. Hello, Minnie. I love this outfit. I don't think I've seen it yet. It's beautiful. I love it. Oh my gosh. Very cute. You're taking me by surprise. Oh my goodness. Good to see you. I may have [music] made a grave mistake because if I'm not through those doors in the next 3 minutes, [music] then I won't be able to count Mickey and Minnie for my hour. And the line is moving, but I don't know if it's going to get me through those doors. And my count might be really low for this [music] park. Hi, Mickey. So good to see you in your wonderful sorcerer outfit. Can I get a hug? Thank you. Oh, thank you so much. It's good to see you. I'm doing a challenge with my friend. We're trying to see who can do the most. So, I just got two points for meeting you and meeting Minnie. So, hopefully that puts me in the lead, but we've been tied all day. >> Horrible news. That's time. Uh, and I did not make it in the building for making a mini, which means my account for this park is three. At least the tie is done. I've got a lot of ground to make up in Animal Kingdom. Hopefully this rain is clearing out. It looks like it on the radar. Oh, that's rough. That was very [laughter] >> That was very bad for me. >> Sorry if that was loud. >> I had a bad time. I actually had a really good time at Hollywood Studios. The great hour >> riding those two rides and seeing the record breaker setters and seeing the record setters. >> But uh I did not get anywhere near. So I got a lot of ground to make up in Animal Kingdom. [music] >> Oh no, she's turning the price. You know, I don't have that. I'm not for hike. Also curious, [clears throat] baby. Anyway, now one challenge we have is that it is uh pretty late in the day at this point. Animal Kingdom closes earlier than the other parks. In addition to that, a lot of stuff. Uh I think we're going the same way. Does appear. So, she's faster than me. I just got a better strategy. Okay, here's the thing. We got to get to the characters. A lot of the characters are going to be wrapping up here in the next 15 minutes or so, or it'll be their last set soon. So, we're going to try to head over to Dino Land. There's four characters over there. Donald and Daisy and Chip and Dale. Oh, you know what? We're just going to do it. We're just going to do it. I do have three points ahead of her, so I can [laughter] I can probably do this and be fine. Hi, friends. How's it going? Gosh, I love the dino fits. Those are really good. Yeah, it's really good. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I mean the tail whole whole new level of good. Yeah. You guys are really fashionistas I think. Okay. Chip and nail met. Going to see if I can get mine for Donald and Daisy. Odds are if I can get mine for Donald and Daisy that she'll be able to get mine for Chip and Dale. But still um hopefully she got in a very long line for Donald and Daisy. So what if I dinosaur and then come back? Do I think Do you think they'll still be out? I'm going dinosaur. I'm going dinosaur. If she gets double the double up, it might be bad for me. But I might be able to get Mickey and Minnie because I'm saving some time here. >> I'm going to I'm going to do it. I'm going to wait. It's It's a It's a twofer. It's a twofer. >> That's why she's beating you. >> Well, I did that, too. Oh, never mind. I'm not standing here. That's why I'm not standing here. Goodbye. That is the slowest moving character line I have ever seen. Um, we will have a chance here. Uh, so here's the plan. I'm going to do Everest. I may do Maharaja Jungle Truck. May because I think it's a little bit of a trap because it will take me like only 5 minutes to get I guess it's not a trap. Only take me 5 minutes to get through it if I don't stop and look at any of the animals, which is the worst possible way to do it. But, you know, we can glance and see the Komodo dragon. Um, and I want to do Mickey and Minnie. for another two for meet and greet and they have had a 20-minute posted which might be shorter than that and that would be a good way to help big up some time. Cali River Rapids in addition to it being cold does have a 5-minute wait but Cali is not the fastest ride in the world. It takes like I would say like between 5 and 10 minutes and then the loading and unloading process can take a long time uh depending on like if I need to stop it for anyone and I don't want to get wet. So all those things considered I don't think it's a good choice. >> Hi guys. It's so nice to see you together. I love this. Do Yes, I do love ducklings. Yes, I do. I got this today, actually. But yeah, I'm doing a competition with my friend and we're trying to see who can do the most. So, y'all are getting me two points right now. So, I really appreciate you meeting together. This is very nice. Thank you so much. Can we take a picture? We did it. How was that? That ride is a lot for me. And we got to keep it moving here. Okay, I might be doing the Maharaj as a jungle truck because there is a musician called Beats and Strings that will play uh outside of the Fathered Friends and Flight Theater in 5 minutes. I think I can do Maharaja Jungle Track and get over there before his sight ends to see enough of it to count. I basically was able to do in the time that Fry was waiting for Donald and Daisy, I was able to do two more things. So, if I can make it one more, then we'll at least tie at the end of the game. Yeah. I don't know, though, cuz I think she's probably out of line by now. That uh single ride line was super quick on her wrist, though. Super super quick. So, nothing I can really do about that one, cuz that'll catch her up pretty quick. I was just betting on Chip and Dale being gone by the time she got out of the Donald and Daisy line. So, we shall see. Hi, how you doing? Good to see you. Had to come say hello. Hey, how are you doing? I was just telling my friend I'm really sad about I'm not going to see you in your costumes anymore, you know. Oh, yeah. These are all my friends. They're in there. They're very small, but they love you, too. Yes. Give. Yes. This is amazing. This is exactly what I wanted. I don't There's a chance I could win here depending on how much she can get done in this last bit, but I need Beats and Strings to come out and Beats and Strings is not out yet, and it's after 5 there. The only chance I have at winning involves Beats and Strings and Mickey Mini. Mickey Mini have a 35minute posted weight. My hope is that they have >> they're doing kind of a up and down thing. They've been 25, they've been 15, they've been 35. So my hope is that because it's 35 right now, people are going to say like, "Oh no," and they're not going to go and that it's actually much shorter than that. And [music] then I also need Beats and Strings to start. If I don't get Beats and Strings, then I could potentially get at 5 the last literally the last few minutes. There are some performances in Africa. There's two performances in Africa. And if I could see both of those and get a Wildlife Express, that would be three more points. I just don't know about that. And honestly, that might be the better move than going for Mickey and Mini. It says five. Let's go do it. We're going to try to ride dinosaur. And maybe if we have Wo, I almost slipped. [laughter] Maybe if we have time, we're going to go do Single Rider to Everest. And that's probably all we can do. But oh, this is about to make me sad. One half of Beats and Strings is walking up, but there's two of them, I'm pretty sure. You know, all the other shows for the day for them are listed [music] at um 10 past, and this one is the only one that's listed at on the hour. So, I actually wonder if the app is wrong and that their time is actually 10 past, which would be really rough and would mean real dicey chances for us. [music] They're getting set up right now. There's nothing I can do fast enough that would get me like a point that I could still get this. [music] If I get this and the performance in Africa and get on Wildlife Express, that I think is my best chance at three points at this point because [music] Mickey Mini is at 35 minutes and it's not wavering. So that's my best chance. I really wish I could stay and watch because the music is so beautiful. If ever you're hearing Oh, it's so beautiful. If ever you're hearing live music in Disney World, walk towards it. Give it a listen. Everything should not be go go go all the time. That is not how you have a perfect trip. The best trip ever. Having some The biggest tip I can give you for Disney World is to make sure that you don't spend the whole time [music] starting from place to place trying to get all your must dos done. Also, take some time taking the atmosphere, [music] soak it up. We do it in our games and challenges and such to push Disney World to its limits and try to make sure that we know all the best strategies for having the best time so you can apply those strategies to a normal trip. Not so you can do crazy challenges and stuff unless you really want to do that in which case have a good time. It's fun. I do it professionally. Um but if you uh but if you take any of the tips we've shared today or in any of our other challenges, you can apply them to a regular park day to have a very good time. Now, my plan is out the window because the Wildlife Express closed today at 4:45. So, no train to Rafika's Planet Watch, which was going to be our final point. So, we might be done here with the live entertainment that I'm catching. We're going to see if we can't get something else [music] in. >> This is some of my favorite live entertainment in Animal Kingdom. >> Super recommend it. >> [music] >> Uh they don't play all day, but this is the Harambe Village Street Band. [music] >> They'll get you dancing. >> They're very talented. I'm crying a little. I I think that might have been our last ride. That might have been my last ride. All right. Sorry, Emma. Got to go. Got one more ride. One more. Let's go. Now, I don't really know what to do. So, I'm going to walk towards Discovery Island because I know there's nothing for me over towards Pandora. And I'm going to see if there's a Hail Mary of some kind that I can get in the last 5 minutes of the game. We're so close. We're so close. Come on. We're almost there. >> Well, you won. >> Sorry. Should be done. Should be done. >> You won. Fry won. I would have just tied in Hollywood Studios. We would have tied. >> Well, I'm glad we didn't. >> Yeah. Well, congratulations. Good game. >> Thank you. Good game. >> That was fun. My legs hurt. >> Yeah. >> And uh thank you guys for watching. My step count was 20,585 steps. >> 19.6K because >> I beat you again. >> Well, you have you have to take more steps than me because you're >> Anyway, if you're still here, like this video and drop this secret code in the comments so we know you made it all the way. Plus, don't forget to subscribe. We upload games, challenges, tips, and more from Disney World and beyond all week. Why? Cuz we're serious about fun. See you next time. Bye. >> I don't want to brag, but I got 7,000 steps. >> Wow. >> Just going on circles [laughter] at Dinosaur. >> Good job.
