---
video_id: dUdVj9llbsk
channel: AllEars.net
title: "I Forced My Friends to Compete in The Ultimate Disney World Challenge -- MEGA GAMEMASTER"
published: 2026-02-14
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dUdVj9llbsk
---
We have five tasks to do in Disney World. The problem is none of us know any of them are. And this time it's extreme. Three rounds. Only one of us will win. It's every man for himself. I'm a man. I'm a woman. Hello, Emma. My competitor and also teammate. Um, don't say competitor. No, we're not competitors. We're in love. Um, okay. Emma, who I'm in love with. Uh, we don't get any tasks done the whole round. I don't mind as long as we get to keep talking. First question I want to ask is, um, we're in Fantasy Land right now. I'm going to say, should I stay in Fantasy Land? Yes. Okay. Um, I should stay in Fantasy Land. Should I like the last Probably not. Should I stay in Storybook Circus? Yeah. What? All right. For real? For real? For real. For real. Should I do something in the ACs? No. Okay. Well, most of it's outside, so it really doesn't narrow anything down. Yeah. Should I Should I ride something? No. Okay. Um, bye. Fry. Sage. It's the ultimate game master. Um, I'm excited. You uh and um like we're it's team fridge. It's been so long. Uh I know. I'm excited. I think I I feel good about this. We both need points. I feel so good. Okay, it's fine. Um even though we're even though we're technically not on a team, we're on a team, so that's fine. Um Exactly. Okay, we have an hour. I'll start by asking questions. Ready? Yes. Okay. Um, should I go to a land based in real time? Like a No. Okay. Should I stay in Fantasy Land? Yes. Yes. Should I stay in Storybook Circus? No. Okay. We're leaving Storybook Circus. Fun fact that uh anytime we do in park game master stuff, we go over to the store book circus like relaxing tent over there cuz it's just quiet and nice seating area. Bye, Quincy. Okay. All right. So, we're in fantasy land, but we are non-story book circus. Let's go. Keep going. Should Okay. Should I go indoors? Yes, I should go indoors. Okay. Should I involve I was going to ask, should I involve something that like has me waiting like in a queue for something, but like I guess Yeah, I'll say that. Should I Should I do something that involves me waiting in a queue? Yes. Like I Yes. That was five questions just to give you. Um, okay. So, I could uh that potentially means meeting a character, uh, a ride. I don't think that includes food because you could mobile order and you don't really have to essentially wait in a long line for that. So, should I meet a character? No. Okay. Okay. So, just I'm going to confirm cuz I I'll be silly if I don't. Should I ride an attraction? Yes. Okay. But it's indoors. He has to do more. So, think about the outdoor attraction. Barntormer. I would consider Mad Tea outdoors cuz it's still technically covered. The carousel is covered. Okay. Should I But what's indoors that Uh, you want a bar? Should I stay in the new Fantasy Land area, which would be, you know, from Belle's Enchanted Tales and all the stuff like in the Little Mermaid and all the above. You asked, should you stay there? Should I stay in the new Fantasy Land area? Yes, I should. Oh, okay. So then if I'm not meaning characters, the the attractions in New Fantasy Man that are not Storybook Circus would be Oh, it's the Little House. But the song Under the Sea, the Little Mermaid attraction. Should I ride under the sea? The The Little Mermaid. I should Yes, that was your ninth question. Okay, so obviously he needs to do something else cuz Emma Larouche made these tasks. There's this one's going to be a tad more complicated though. I'm not just writing I don't believe I'm just I'm going to go get live, but I I don't believe I'm just riding uh under the sea. Jody Little Mermaid. Um, okay. I'm doing something. I'm doing something in this attraction. Oh gosh. And I only have one question. I have one question left. Yes. But I will say you can do the punishment in this queue. Okay. Uh, great. Then um should I uh Okay, this is interesting. Should I point something out on this attraction? Like am I am I am I am I showing you something? No. Okay. All right. I I'll take my punishment. If I can do it in the queue, I'll take my punishment. So, the punishment is you have to find a hidden Mickey. That's amazing. That's perfect. So, in the Little Mermaid quue, uh we won't see it today, but you can see it uh uh very specifically on Mickey's birthday because the Imagineers designed it uh designed the rock work to work, I guess, with the sun. And on Mickey's birthday, what is it like at noon or something like that? Uh, you can actually see um the essentially like the light of Mickey Mouse. Um, when I say the light, I mean it's literally the sunlight and like they kind of cast a shadow with rock like it with rock form. It's crazy. Um, but it's a hidden Mickey here right here in this queue back in there. They roped it off but uh it's back in there. So, wait for the hidden Mickey. It's going to be cool. Okay, great. I have 10 I have 10 more questions now. Yep. Okay. So, I'm not showing you something. Am I doing something with my uh Is this like uh a physical activity that I'm doing? Yes. While Yes. Should I do it in the queue? No. Okay. So, it's on the ride. Okay. Okay. So, it's a physical like to be. Is this singing? Yes. Should I just Should I just sing the songs of of the Little Mermaid and it while with the ride? Yes, that's it. Okay, great. Oh, perfect. I'm going to go do that right now. I'm going to go do that and I'll let you know when I'm done and then we can switch. Perfect. We got points. Point. Should I interact with an activity as in something that is like a set activity like the splash station or the uh smell effect? No. Okay. Um, you are halfway through your questions, by the way. Cool. I'm sure there's a hidden Mickey nearby, which I know is what I have to do at 10 questions, and I'm trying not to get bogged down trying to ask the perfect questions. So, hopefully I'm right about being able to find a hidden Mickey. Um, should I look for a theming element of some kind? No. No. Okay. Um, should I stand somewhere specific? Stand somewhere specific? Yeah. Should I stand somewhere specific? Like, do I need to go somewhere specific in Storybook Circus? Yes. Okay. I'm not looking for a theming element of some kind. I'm not interacting with a I'm going to talk to the camera for just a second. Okay. Okay. Yeah. You want to give yourself just a second to think. Okay. I've muted her. I think she's really going to struggle with this one. We've never done something like this to my knowledge. We're never together in the park. So, I'm trying to get her to take a picture with her game master. So, if I can get her over here to stand, maybe she'll think of it. Okay. I explained my thought process. Okay. Should I Should I go into a um Should I go into a ride queue? No. Okay, that's eight. Okay. Should not go into a ride queue. I'm not interacting. What was my What was my wording on the um activity? Should I do It was do something. You said like a set activity. So like Okay. Something that's intentionally created for you. Yeah. Like the splash pad or the or the skeleton. And I just was I was vague though. I said, "Should I do something to do with that?" Right. Mhm. You mentioned those two things specifically. Should I um should I go near um one of the like small carts like that serves food or sells her something? No. One more. Okay. How many more crystals? No more. One. I was like, "Oh, one more." Um there's fellow offense. I have to dance horse. I'm not going in a ride to I'm not doing anything with a theming element. Um I feel like there's a photograph photographer over there, but that is Is that always there? That would be crazy. Should I take a picture? Yes. Yes. Take a picture standing somewhere specific. But not necessarily with a feming helmet. Um okay. Um that was Chen, by the way. So you can try one thing. I'm not going to try anything. I mean, maybe I will. So, I guess I might as well. Um, I'm going to I know it's ready to take a picture. I'm going to take a selfie with the bathrooms and the train station. So, that's where I'm standing. Okay. Do you want me to send it to you? No. I bet it's really pretty. Thanks. Um, okay. I'm going to find a hidden Mickey now. Um, these wonderful customers did help me find Hidden Mickey's right here in the Great Guini sign. There's two, one right there and one right there. Thank you so much. Excuse me. Yeah, the sign has two. I literally asked Great Goofini cast members and it was like right above their heads. Okay, should I take a picture? Um, let me Okay, I need to be standing somewhere specific and I know I need to take a picture. So, I should figure out where I need to be standing location-wise, maybe. Should I be somewhere um before the like um like before the big circle that goes around the like if you're walking into Storybook Circus, should I be somewhere before it branches off in two different directions by the splash pad? No. No. So, I should be after that. Okay. Um, if I were to draw a line straight down the middle of Storybook Circus going like that splits straight through the middle of the splash pad and straight through the middle of the two bathrooms, um, should I be on the right of that line? Straight through the bathroom to the end of store circus. The right side would be Goofini and dumbbells. Yes. And you asked, do I need to be on the right side? Should I be on the right side? No. No. Should be on the left side. Interesting. Okay. Um Oh, here's a Should I take a picture with my game master? Yes. No way. Um I'm so glad I asked. Should I stay in Swedcase? I was really on the fence about asking that. I'm so glad you did ask. I was like, what is there to take over here? Did it really hit for me that you actually got that right? Oh, I just got scared because Fry was uh walking out of the tent and I thought they had already gotten one. But they haven't. No, they haven't. But we're about to. Are you ready? Um, yeah. Let me turn my camera around. Yes, I'm ready. Well, I'm zooming. Okay, I'm ready. Should I stay in story book service? Give me one second. So, the answer was no. She wasn't ready. And that's okay. I'm just speedy. Yeah, you're just really fast. Um yeah. Hang on. I'm just like walking. Um um uh. No. No. Okay. I'm not going to film my face anymore. I will show you guys the better looking things which is Disney World. Okay. Should I go to a land inspired by a real place, which would be Main Street, Brent Tier Land, or Adventure Land? Um, um, no. No. Okay. Should I stay in Fantasy Land? Yes. Okay. That's a good feeling. That's a good feeling. Fantasy land. I've asked three. That's not terrible. I'm not staying in story book. We've already confirmed that. Should I go on a ride? Yes. Okay. Can I check weight times? That's me asking for clarification. Yes. Right. Yeah, you can check weight times. Okay. It's like when have we never not been allowed to? Like this is ultimate and I'm scared. What the What if the ultimate rules is like off the grid fight to the death, you know? Like who knows? We're all learning together. Should I rock? Okay. I just hear gleeful uh roller coaster. Oh, sorry. That's just that's just me and my friends. Oh, you're having a lot of fun out there, huh? We are. Should I ride an opening day attraction? That only takes out like one thing. It's not a great question. Yes. Mhm. I'm trying to think. You have five questions that I asked. I've only asked five. Should I ride Mante? Yes. Yes. Ride menty. Yes. Is that the end of it or do I need to keep asking questions? Um, yeah. I I can clarify without using a question that there will be you. Well, actually, I don't even think I can clarify without drinking. I think it's a use question. No, it's not the end of it. Okay. So, that was an official question. So I asked seven. Do I need to do something in a teacup? Did you say do I need to do something in the teacup? Yeah, in the teacup. The answer is yes. Okay, that's eight questions. That is eight questions. Um I'm watching someone take a picture. Should I take a picture? Uh did you say what did you just say? Should I take a picture of the teacups? Yeah, I watched someone just take their picture in a teacup. Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay. Honestly, Fry, I like we didn't I like realized I didn't ask you like ask more questions about what song I should be singing, so I sang every song. Did I Did that Okay. Yeah, it did not matter. You just had to sing along to the attraction. So, you're good. Perfect. Okay. All right. I'm going to find a I'm I'm going to find a spot and then uh I'm All right. I'm my I'm switching. I'm located in the Disney Vacation Club. Uh yes. Cgraphy King Triton area. I'm going to game master from inside here. Okay, sounds good. Okay. You ready? Mhm. Uh okay. Uh and I'm ready whenever you are. Okay. Should I leave Fantasy Land? Um uh sorry, hold on. Uh we should leave Fantasy Land. Gosh, that's These are hard. Um no. No. Okay. Should I stay in newer Fantasy Land? Um, no. No. Okay. Going to the older. Should I stay outdoors? Uh, no. No. So, I'm going indoors. Should I go inside a building that sells something? Yes. Yes. Okay. Should I go inside a building that sells food? Primarily food, like a restaurant. Oh. Uh, no. No. Okay. Should I go inside a building with an attraction? With an attraction? No. Should I go inside a Oh, duh. That was a stupid question. Um, should I go inside the building that sells merchandise? Yes. We're at seven questions. Okay. Okay. Let me look around. Am I picking out a piece of merchandise? Specific pieces of merchandise. Yes. Okay. I'm aiming for her to find a crown. Are definitely crowns. Mr. Mickey's cuz they're princess gowns and things like that. She just has to wear it. And there's a lot of hidden Mickeys in Fantasy Land. So hopefully Am I picking out a piece of merchandise for someone specific? Like for a person? Uh, no. No. How many questions is that? Nine. Nine. You got one more. Okay. Also trying to think of in Mickey's I know where they are. Do I need to go into one specific store to complete this task? Like it can only be done in one place. Uh no. Okay, that was 10. That was 10. I got to think of a hidden Mickey. So I know there are crowns uh at uh Sir Mickey's. There are princess gowns and things like that. Uh it I said no cuz it's definitely it's not the only place you can wear a crown. Uh but uh you can go pick a essentially go wear a tiara at Crystal Arts, but that's on Main Street. Um so but and there've got to be multiple locations Fantasy Lands that have in Fland that have crowns. Okay. I'm pretty sure there's a hidden Mickey on the ground outside of Be Our Guest or Enchanted Tales of Belle. So, I will be looking at the ground for the next few minutes. I think it's over here. Here's one of the great parts about being a game master in park is that I can actually go check to make sure that there are crowns at Sir Mickey's. Actually, you know what? I'm just going to be walking away a little bit, but it's the one that I know of. It might take me too long to find the one on the ground. So, I'm going back to the Little Mermaid cuz there's another one. She didn't She didn't see me. She's right there. Okay. So, right at the exit of the Little Mermaid attraction when you're walking when you're leaving the exit, you make it outside over here. These rocks make the formation of Steamboat Willie. It's kind of hard to see. You've got a little bit of a shade, but there's his hat. There's his face and his nose and his pants. You can see his split down there. So that is a hidden Mickey. Okay, back to the task at hand. All right, ready whenever you are. So going over it. It's in a roof store. It's a specific item, not for a person. Can be done in multiple locations. Right. You said it's not a specific store. It's not It's not It's not a specific store. That is the my I I stick true to that answer, but it is a specific uh piece of merchandise. Okay. Oh boy. Um Okay. I don't want to go crazy and start listing everything. Does it have to do with a specific Disney character or Disney story? No. Okay. Does it have to do with a pair of ears? Uh, you said ears. Uh-huh. Nope. Nope. Is it a clothing item? Um, do you do Yes. Yes. Do you Okay. Yeah. I'm walking over to Sir Mickey's almost there. Look at the magic. Is it like a costume kind of item? Yes. Okay. Do I need to put on this kind of item? Yes, you do. Okay. Now we're getting something. No, now we're getting it. Oh, yeah. Okay. Let me see what I'm looking at. Is it like a crown? Yes. Okay. Oh, you know what? I found a tiny little crown and it's currently on my head. That's the task, baby. That's the task. Yay. We did it. Great. Hello. Hi. I'm walking your direction just so we're not wasting time. Great. Let's start. Um, and we'll just both work on keeping track of questions. I'll leave your water bottle and your paper with Emma Rouge and then Okay. Um, uh, you can just answer questions on the way and then we'll you can catch up with your ties when you get here. Does that work? Yes. Okay. Should I? Yes. Stay in Fantasy Lands. Can you hear me? I can hear you. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Should I stay in Storybook Circus? Okay. Should I go in uh Okay. Out of Storybook Circus. Um should I go somewhere with the AC? With AC? Okay, that's three questions. Um okay. Should I go somewhere where you can purchase something? Yes. Yes. Go somewhere where I can purchase something. Yes. That's four. Okay. Um until I start to get stumped. I'm going to say that um the undercover um like merchandise shops that are at exits, those are air conditioned. That is why I say, should I go somewhere air conditioned? Now, should I go inside? Because there's a lot of rooms that are in buildings. Okay. Says to change that to a yes. Change air conditioning to a yes. Yeah. Sorry, I just knocked my knee so hard. Air conditioning to a air condition to a yes. Somewhere that I can purchase something. Um Okay. Um, should I go somewhere that uh should I go to a merchandise location? Yes. Okay. Now, this is interesting because the largest merchandise location in Land is in Storybook Circus, which makes me think this is something pretty specific because otherwise she looks I lost her. Also important to know I changed my mind midway through. So I've I've made a bad choice. Um I made a bad choice because she started asking questions that were like right towards that one. So I segueed pop in my head things that I could think of that are specific in Fantasy Land. Um, and really I would say 100acre goods, the Winnie the Pooh store, and then I would say um the Exit of Flower Magic, which I can't remember the name of right now, but that store has a lot of uh headwear in Fantasy Fair. Uh Fantasy Fair, including customizable uh ear hats and ears, which is also unique. Um I'll I'll just narrow it down between the two of those. Um should I go to 100 Acre Goods? No. Okay. Not to say I'm not forgetting something else cuz I am. I'm going to talk to the camera for a second. Okay. I've made a huge mistake and this is really going to throw her off because I shouldn't have changed my mind. I wasn't thinking clearly when I told her yes. I just made it. We We were crossing paths and I wasn't thinking. You can't really go in Bibbidity Bobby Boutique. So, Sir Mickey's Fantasy Fair. Um, and then there's uh Village Gifts back in back in the uh Beauty and the Beast area. Bonjour Village Gifts. Um, uh, should I go to Fantasy Fair? Yes. I thought I already Yes. Yes. Um, sorry, you asked about 100 Acre and I said no. Yes. No, I I I just asked what the name of it was. Um, oh, you asked But that wasn't a question when I asked what the name of it was. So if you counted a question there. I thought you asked I thought you asked should I go to 100 Acre Goods. I said no. Yeah, that happened. Yes. And then just now you said should I go to Fantasy Fair? Yes. Correct. Yes. Okay. That's all I've counted. Okay. Going to Fantasy Fair. Um Fantasy Fair has a lot of headwear, a lot of ears, a lot of um they do have personalized ears in here. So, my guess is I need to find something very specific that is potentially Edward related. Um, or something with a personalized ears. I doubt I would need to buy personalized ears. Um, otherwise in here there's like some pins, some plushes, but it really is like this is a hats in here. Stop. Um, okay. How many questions have I asked? Seven. Okay, I'm ready. as am I. Um, okay. Should I go to a land that is based on a real time place in existence? Yes, I should. Which means I'm leaving fantasy land. Okay. The question is, am I should Well, oh, okay. Uh, I'm not going to I'm not going to Tomorrowland. Should I go to Main Street? No. Uh, just kidding. I'm 25. Yes. Yes. I'm going to Main Street. Okay. Uh, oh, I see. Bye. Bye. Hi. Um, okay. Main Streets are usually a good sign because there's like not a bunch happening on Main Street other than like shopping and dining. Um, so so the round is halfway done. We could get a lot done. I know. Um, should I go indoors? Yes. Okay. Should I involve merchandise? No. Okay. Should I involve dining of some sort? Food or beverage? No. Okay. So, which means I'm going indoors to do something. This is some sort of Oh, okay. I don't think it really has to go indoors. Should I involve live? Think that way? No. Interesting. Maybe I maybe I phrased the question wrong when I said should I involve mer uh I no I didn't I shouldn't if I invol if it's an activity with merchandise even though I'm not you know you you would have said yes. Mhm. Um food and beverage. I would also consider like the emporium those are snacks that is food. So I would assume that we're not doing that. Um I am woring unfortunately The step sisters just came up to me. Oh, they asked you if you were working. Yeah. She said, "You look like you're working." And I said, "I am, unfortunately." Uh, yeah. You mean fortunately? We're playing a game. Fortunately, but you know, princesses shouldn't have to work. You're You're right. Uh, especially one who wears crowns. Um, okay. I'm going indoors and I am Am I showing you something? Yes. Okay. But I'm not involving merchandise. Right. This leads me to believe I'm showing you something you can't purchase, but it's still inside of a shop. Or you can't maybe maybe you can purchase, but it's just like it's not really normal merchandise. He's not being bought for a sale. Um, should I am I looking for a piece of a a specific piece of merchandise? Yes. Okay. Am I looking for um a pair of ears? No. No. Okay. Which I'm so glad you asked. Yeah. I wasn't going to not ask. Okay. Um am I need a pair of ears? Am I looking for something you wear? No. That was 10, by the way. That's wear. Okay. Um good news for you. I already found a hidden Mickey in here. Oh, cuz the um because I wanted to be ready. Uh, I guess I should make my guess. Um, I am holding a plush of Fantasia Mickey. Does that mean anything to you? No. I wish it did. Okay. Um, I have found a hidden Mickey. The like uh music stands that they use in filler magic are Mickey's. They're pretty obvious hidden Mickeys, but they are technically hidden Mickeyy's. I'll say um Okay, then. Not something you wear, right? No. Should I find a toy? No. Okay. Not something you wear. Not a toy. Um, should I find um should I find This is a weird question, so go with me here. So, um well, let me ask this first. Should I find Well, no. I would call that a toy. Um should I find something that um can run out? No. Okay. So, I was I was wondering if it was like a food item or sunscreen or a soda or a pen. Yeah. Or anything like that. So, that that was what it helps that actually helps narrow down a lot. Not something I can wear. That was a good question. I know. Oh, I actually like was really happy when I came up with it just now. I was just looking at these like fine. Um, that was actually really genius. Okay, not something you wear. Um, should I buy should I look for a um a pen? Yes. Yes, a pen. Hey, there's pins in here. Um, should I look for a specific character? Yes. Yes. Okay. Should I go inside of Crystal Arts? No. Okay. All right. I All right. Cuz my my brain was leading me to like I maybe it's the glass blowing. Maybe it's the really expensive like what I think it's like $80,000 castle or something like that. So, it's not that. If I'm standing outside of the emporium, should I walk towards uh the the train station? No. Oh, that was nice. But it's indoors. Mhm. Am I showing you like an like some I have to find a hidden Mickey? There's no way. Should I should am I Should I show you some sort of like like Easter egg scenario? Like Disney Easter egg that's inside one of these stores or something like that? No. All right. I'm Darn it. Okay. All right. I'm going to go find a hidden Mickey and I'll call you back. Am I looking for um a character that has something to do with me? Yes. Yes. Okay. I have a pretty strong guess here because uh we are in fantasy fair. This is a pretty Donald ccentric attraction. I am wondering if it is find a pin of your favorite member of the Fab Five. Um cuz Donald is mine. Um and I just need to find a Donald pin, which you would think they would have in here. And I'm just going to try that real quick. Those are princesses. I guess I should look somewhere else. Okay. Um, this very cute, super cute 2026 pin has all of the Fab Five, including my personal favorite member of the Fab Five, Donald. Um, as well as my second favorite, Goofy, and my third favorite, Mickey. And then also the others who I don't necessarily have ranked. No. Yes, I do. Uh, because after that, it would then go, Minnie. Uh, then Sudo. Then Daisy. Daisy. Then Sudo. I don't know. Anyway, um, I really like this pin. Does that mean anything to you? No. Okay. So, sorry, but that was like a really fun ranking. Um, I'm glad I'm glad you've learned it. Okay. Car has something to do with me. Um, am I looking for should I look for um should I look for a character that is Should I look for a princess character? No. Okay. Um Um I'm like I'm like nervous. I am going to ask a question that takes us a little out of the line just to make sure I'm not getting stuck. Should I look for an individual pin? Like not a grab bag, not a pin lanyard that is on sale, not pin traded. Like I aren't sale individual, not kinme. Like you're not trading it. It's not for free. Like it's literally I would I would have to take it off the rack and buy it. It is not on the trading board and it and an individual pin. Yes, I am. Yes. Yes. Okay. Good. I just didn't want to make Thank you for the clarification. Yeah, because you can trade in here. Um and there is a pretty good pin board in here. Usually we find some good finds in here. So, um the customers have it front. I just wanted to make sure you didn't accidentally get stuck. I have my pin board with me. My mini one. Nice. Um Oh my gosh. You want one of these? Sticker. One of what? Um sorry. I asked him if he wanted the sticker. I have a sticker. Um seven. Um, okay. Not a princess character. Should I find a character who um has whose name is in the title of a Disney movie? No. No. Okay. Something to do with me in the title of Disney. Not in his init. I guess I can show you guys the point about walking out. There's lots of really cute arms. Um, not a princess character. Not in the title of a Disney movie. Okay, I'm inside Crystal Arts. Uh, and this is one Breedlove told me about. Um, you have to stand directly under it, but there's a globe and the binoculars and I guess if you uh I guess if you stand right I don't know if you see it. Does it work? If you stand right there, it creates kind of like a hidden like a hidden Mickey with the globe and the binoculars. uh kind of a fun like art piece that you have to stand in a specific location to like see the hidden Mickey yourself. Crystal, should I find a specific favorite character of mine? I'm going to say yes because I do think this character is in your lineup and if it's not then I've just failed this as a game master and this is like completely on me. Um Okay, that's fine. That's fine. So I'm just I'm just saying that out loud like if I'm wrong it's just our personal relationship is in shambles. Okay. So heard got it. I'll I'll make a note. Um, not a princess character. Should I find a character who who is um who originated in the theme parks? No, that was 10. Okay, I'm so sorry. I meant to warn. That was how many? 10. 10. Okay, I'm think I'm going to have to leave here. I've been keeping a one of my eyes has been roving looking for another hidden Vicki in here just in case, but I haven't seen one. Um, I have messed up so bad. I should have just sent her to story book. I was going to initially send her to a ride, then I changed my mind because I was running. I should have just not answered her questions till I was settled and had my brain on. So, that's what's messed me up. Was moving too fast. And I just I just feel silly. I feel really silly. It's indoors and I'm And this has nothing to do with merch. You can let me and and and if I'm facing and I'm facing the emporium or if I'm coming out of the emporium, I should not walk towards um the train. I should not walk towards the train station, which means correct. It's not the photo pass stuff. It's not um the firehouse, any of that. Uh it's not making a it's not making a hat. It's not any of that. Um, but it's indoors. Okay. If I'm standing outside of the emporium, should I walk towards the castle? Yes. I'm going to do this a different way. Uh, I should walk towards the castle. Should I walk um should I walk past Casey's corner? Like like closer like like keep going towards the hub past Casey's corner? No, I should know. So it is it is somewhere here. Okay, great. Am I doing a physical activity? Um, no. Sure. I think I think I would say no. Which means I'm not like putting anything on. I'm not like singing. I'm not dancing. Correct. Yeah. Confirmed. Can I Can I do Can I do this in any Can I can I do this in I only Wait, sorry. Can I only do this in one specific location? Yes. And you've already said it has nothing to do with food and beverage. And you said I'm not show I'm not showing something. Gosh, what would it be? I'm like real stuck. Oh gosh. Just look around. See what you can see. I I am. I am. Right here. It's a fairy tale hole where you can make the princesses. Um the crown design that is on top of the sign has a lot of stuff hidden in it. Actually, there's a heart and there's Cinderella's carriage and swans. This is really cute when you look close at it, but there are hidden Mickeys. Um I don't know if you can see them. Let me zoom. There is a hidden Mickey on each side of the heart. There's one on the left and one on the right. Uh just like actually the great Luffini ones that I found. Um Oh, here sign girl. Apparently, apparently I'm finding the hidden Mickey Mickey's signs. Um okay, now we go back to the store. I'm looking for a pin that may or may not be one of my favorite characters from the friends Emma is with me. I think it is. Um, I know they're not in the title of a Disney movie. I know they do not originate in the parks. Um, are am I looking for a character that is from a movie that came out prior to 1970? Prior to No, that means before. Yeah. Before More than 1970. Okay. Wait. More modern than 1970. Yeah. More prior. No. No. Am I leaning for a character from before 1970ish? He did not come out before 1970, but it did not come out before 1970. You're not really Sorry, I got No, I'm The way you worded that really confused me. It did not come The movie did not come out before 1970. Okay, that's what I That's what I wanted to know. Okay, that's then I got lost. I think I backwards in my brain. Am I looking for for a character from a movie that came out after 2000? No. Okay. So, between 1970 and 1990, um um I looked 1999. 1990. I was like, if you're shaving off the 70s or 90s. Okay. Um should I look for a character for a movie that came out in the '9s? In what? In the '9s? Yes. Okay. Um '9s movies. Top of my head. Mulan was 98, Hunchback, which is one of my favorites is my favorite original anime Disney um was 1996. Um other than that, '90s The Rescuers is 90s, I think. Maybe The Rescuers Down Under was 90s, but that's not my favorite. Um Mulan is a princess movie. Um there's like a whole crowd of faster cast members behind by the pins now, like doing training or something. Okay. Oh, they're blocking you. Should I find a Should I find a Hunt at Otter Pin? Yes, please. Okay. Okay. Um Okay. I have not seen one, but I can always go somewhere else if I need to. Yeah. So, honestly, Fantasy Fair has some of the more unique pins. Yeah. I don't I don't think that was a bad uh call to send me here. Um, well, it was, but not for the reasons you're thinking. Because of the hats. I'll explain later. Okay. Um, we'll see. Maybe. Should I involve the emporium at all? No. Okay. Leaving the emporium. That was five. Thank you. If I'm inside the emporium, should I walk across the street to those areas? No. I should Hi. Okay. Should I do something inside Casey's corner? No. If I'm standing, I I I don't know what else this would be. Should I in involve the anything near the first aid and crystal arts area. Yes. Oh jeez. Oh, look at you. Uh the first aid section is right here in the baby care center. If you haven't been inside either of those, they're super helpful. Uh they've got everything you need from Tylenol to band-aids or to You did it. You did it. What? What? What? What? It was It was show where you can get a band-aid. Oh my gosh, that was rough. I know that was rough stuff. Okay. Wow. Okay. Well, I'm There's a quiet spot here at Casey's Corner, so I'm I I took up way too much time. Well, we're we're going to switch right here right now. Yeah. No Hunchbox, so I'm going to go somewhere that I know I can find a Hunchback pen. Okay. Which where is that? You know, I think the closest is for me to go to uh Westward Trading Poe. Okay. Should I stay in Fantasy Land? Um, sorry. God, maybe I don't know. Uh, yeah. Let's say let's say let's say yes. Saying yes. Okay. Should I stay in the older Fantasy Land area? Uh, yes. Okay. Okay. Should I go indoors? Yes. Wait. Indoors. The front. Indoors. Should I ride an attraction? Uh, no. No. Should I go to a food establishment? Yes. Okay, let's think about this. There's Pinocchios. That might technically be it. Should I go inside Pinocchio's? Yes. Yes. Okay, interesting. I'm heading into Frontier Trading Post. Um, to find a Hunchwalk, then this is the spot to go if you're looking for pins. Um, in Magic Kingdom, Emporium also has a ton. So, if you're in the front of the park, you can also look there. But this park or this store um is pretty much pins are the name of the game. Animated features. Should I order something? No. No. Okay. Well, I'm going to try something first before I ask more questions. So, over here in Pinocchio's there is the Blue Fair's Wish book where you can write your wish. I do have a pen. Let's see. Someone else said, this one I cannot read. It is a child. Some kind of toy. And someone else said, "I wish that everyone could get some pixie dust and experience the magic that is Disney. Happy 40th birthday to me." That's so cute. I wrote down a wish. Does that affect you in any wire? I'm glad you have the memory of that. Okay. No. Um, I could also go over here and look at the boats from Small World because if you sit over at these windows, you can see the attraction. And sometimes, I don't see them out yet. Sometimes they'll have little signs that you can hold up that it's like clap or sing the song or you know other things like that. So I will come over here. 10 minutes left. 10 minutes left. I'm waving. I'm waving to people in Small World. How do you feel about that? Oh wow. Fry, you really are an allarss expert. Okay. Um should I take a picture in here? Uh, no. You have that that was that was eight questions. Um, am I doing something physical? Um, not really. No, not really. No, that was nine. I'm just going to do something else just in case. I'm going upstairs cuz there is a little upstairs seating area. All she has to do is find a refillable water bottle station. Uh they're not always like awesome, but they are helpful from time to time. Uh the best one we talk about is over at Epcot, but there there are there are three uh refillable water. There might be more. Hold on. I see there are uh but there is um a but there is a referable water bottle station uh just as you exit the courtyard in Pinocchio Village House. She's also one of like cosmic rays and um uh near meron as well, but I'm hoping to like come up from like like showing off something in his quest. Yes. And that was your 10th question. Need you to find a quick hidden Mickey and then we can keep going. Chicken Little, eat a pan, a million Alice and Wonderland pins, Nokcio, uh Angel Conk, and Devil Kunk. I do really like where are the Where's the hunchback love? There's no hunchback pins, which is really bad for us. Uh, but for segue, we're going to segue. I'm going to go for an alternative on this task. I'm going to ask a question quickly just to get us caught up. Am I still looking for a pin that is related to a character that has something to do with me in a movie in the 1990s? Yes. Yes. Okay. Other movies in the 90s. Um, okay. Other movies in the9s. Um, okay. Am I looking should I look for Should I look for Hey, I'm going to change that answer to no. You're changing it to no. I'm changing. Am I still looking? Uh, okay. Am I still looking for a pin that has a character specific to me? Yes. Is it for Is it from um Should I look for a character from a movie before um the 1990s? I need to get her to offend for 101 Dalmatians. Technically, we're talking about the live action version. There's no live action merchandise that came out because this is the year she was born. But we, me and Emma, who made the tasks, agreed that 101 Domations at all would count. But now I need to get her off the '9s. Thinking the '9s, cuz as long as she picks it up, it meets the task. Even if it's not for the reasons she thinks. So, what year did it come out? 16. Okay. Okay, I'm back. Okay, you're back. Yes. Not. But the question was, um, should I look for a character from a movie that came out before the 1990s? Yes. Yes. Ah, here we go. Here's the big wall. Okay. Ah, yes. Found it. So, right above the word dreams, there is a hidden Mickey. Okay. So, we're back to normal. Um, okay. So, I'm showing something off. Am I showing off a food item on the menu? Uh, no. You are not showing off a food item. Am I showing off like a detail like an architectural design detail at this restaurant? Uh, an architect's room. No. Um, it's not architecture. I try to show it off. Is this something that everyone would notice when they walked into this restaurant? Uh, when they walked into the restaurant? No. Am I showing off the water bottle refill station? Yes, that was it. That was it. Show Show it off. Show it off. Okay, it's right over there by the door. It's right there. Hold on. I can see it in the camera. It's right there. There is a water bottle refill right here in Ponotas Village House. It's right here. I did it. I did it. Okay. How quickly do you think we can How quickly do you think we can get to another? Hold on. Let me look through your list. I mean, maybe maybe fast, but I don't know. Let's try it. Let's try it. Okay. Should I look for a character who's from a movie that came out in the 1980s? The '8s? Mhm. No. No. No. Prior to the '90s, not the '8s. No. Not the '8s. Interesting. Should I look for a movie with a character from a movie that came out in the 70s? No. Whoa. Okay, I should stop asking so tight. Quite close up. Um, okay. I don't even need to narrow it down anymore cuz I that's that knocks it down a lot by year. Um, should I look for a um a character from a princess movie? No. Okay. Should I look for a character from Should I look for Should I look for a human character? No, not a human. Seven, by the way. Not okay. Not a human. Not a princess. Prior to 19. What's the last thing I asked you? Why? 70s. Prior to the 70s. 70. Before the 70s. Not a human. Not in a princess movie. Um. Um. Okay. Should I um should I find a male character? Yes. Yes. Yeah. Yes. A male character prior to the 70s. Nonhuman non princess movie. Should I look for a character that speaks? That speaks. Yeah. Yes. Yes, a character was bees. And most night because I saw Tinkerbell and I got nervous because she's nonhuman. Technically, she's very Okay. Ready? Yes. Should I go uh should I go to a place um inspired by a real time? No. No. Should I go to uh Tomorrowland? Yes. I knew it. I knew it. I was like, "We're not going back to Fantasy Land." All right. Now, the problem I have to Okay, maybe I can get around this friendship cavalcade. Okay. Uh, I'll ask more questions. Should I go indoors? No. Okay. Should I involve um uh food or beverage? No. Should I uh Oh, no. No. I accidentally ended the call. No. Ah. Did I look for a character that has a tail? Yes. Okay. That was your 10th question, by the way. Okay. Um, I'm going to take a guess. Um, there is a really cute fox and a hound pin of Copper and Todd. Um, that I really like. I do not think this is it, but I just am giving a guess just to get something narrowed down. No. Okay, I'm gonna go find Nikki. I'm so sorry. I hit the end button. I didn't mean to do that. Okay. Uh I'm going into Tomorrowland. Uh what did I say? Did I say you said no to food and beverage? Correct. Oh, it's over. It's done. Round one done. All right. Round one is done. Um I didn't even make it till I hid Mickey in the tree trunk of the Swiss tree house. Uh, that was not terrible. Um, I think I jinxed us by saying we were doing well, but that's okay. Uh, the good news is, um, that was pretty I wasn't terrible. Um, now we switch. Not only do I become a game master, uh, I become a game master for somebody else. Put my hair up. I'm ready. Okay. All right. My first question, am I staying in fantasy land? Um, no. No. Okay. I can hear every words saying. He's so loud. Oh my gosh. Um, when I'm looking at the back side of the castle, should I go to the right? No. All right. Okay. I don't really want to ask. They're not staying in Fantasy Land. Um, should I go to Tomorrowland? Yes. Okay, cool. I wasn't going to confirm, but then I was like, what about Main Street? I don't know. So, Tomorrowland is now. Um, should I ride an attraction? No. Okay. Should I go indoors? Yes. Going indoors. Should I purchase something? Yes. Okay. Purchasing something which probably means food. I didn't want to send her on Monsters Inc. She did ride an attraction which would send her towards Monsters Inc. But this one's faster. Just get the ball rolling. Should I get something at Cosmic Rays? Yeah. Okay, cool. Cool, cool, cool. I'm going to look at the menu on my app. Should I purchase something that I chew? Yes. Thank you for the sound effect. I I know it's it's what makes it this time. Purchasing something that I should chew. So, not to drink. Should I buy something specific? Yes. I figured um should I buy an entree? No. That was your 10th question. No. 10th question. Um let me think about ahead making it in Tomorrowland. Yeah. If you want to uh guess something, obviously you don't have to buy it, but I can confirm for you if if you did it if it would be right or wrong since you get to try something after that question. Okay, so it's not entree. Besides, they have the fries. I could get a dessert. It's not a drink, so I have to chew it. Should I get the black garlic truffle and parmesan fries? Yes. I guess that's what it is. Yeah, that's what it is. It was eat a side of fries. So, should I go to a land that was inspired by a real place, which would be Main Street, Frontier Land, or Adventure Land? No. Okay. Should I stay in Wait, Emma, take a moment. Take a moment. Take a moment. Team Edge, baby. Team Edge, take the moment. I'm also taking the moment to actually turn my mic on. Sorry to our editors. I'm really bad at that. You can tell I use them the least. Take a moment to celebrate us, Emma. That's awesome. I love being team Edge. It's unbeatable. We're actually going to finish the game right here, right now. We are. Thanks for watching. Even though that's kind of impossible um based on how the game is designed, Sage and I are going to do so well. They're just going to have to end it. Okay. So, should I stay in friend? No. Should I stay in Fantasy Land? Uh, sure. Yes. Okay. I already did a ride, so don't think it's a ride. Should I do something merchandise related? Uh, no. No. Okay. Well, I'm going to keep on walking. I'm going to try and get her to Cheshure Cafe to get a cattail maybe. Should I get a snack? I think you should. I think that's for the best. Okay, that's pretty exciting. Um, is it a Fantasy Land specific snack? It sure is, Emma. Oh, that Well, Sage, that's just a thrill to my heart, honey. That is exciting. It's exciting. I am walking towards a very Fantasy Land specific snack. Luckily, there's not a ton of places to eat in Fantasy Land. Gaston's Tavern, Chisher Cat, uh Pinocchio's, but that's not that's just pizza. Uh Store of Treats. I'm closest to Cheshire Cat Cafe, so I'm going to look there. Should I go get a snack from the Cheshire Cat? Well, you should you sure should, honey. I'm about to click my heels. Oh my goodness. Okay, we're moving and grooving. Quincy and I on the last round unfortunately hit a snag that was neither of our faults, but I'm coming back with a vengeance with team edge. It's It's just It's just because you want it in the right in the right team at the time. That That's all. Exactly. How many questions have I asked you? You've asked six. Oh, I feel great. Okay, maybe obvious, but the most famous thing that you can get at this lovely little walk up stand is of course the cheshure cattail. So, should I be eating the cheshure cattail? Am I sure wish you would? Oh, this is just a thrill. I love this snack. Okay, I'm going to purchase it. Give me one moment. I have my fries. All right, prize acquired. I've been eating more. I should have eaten more. All right, great. You've done it. You've done it. That was a task. Let's switch. Um Okay, good. Good. Okay. Um first question I'm going to ask is I look at your list pulled up. Well, we're doing the I'm still on the same wine, so I I don't know if you know which one that is. Yeah. So, um, but it's a fresh round of questions. I got a fresh questions cuz my game master switched. I'm going to say, uh, should I look for a I'm just going to confirm with you cuz I'm I want a little bit of a fresh sleep, but I don't want to lose all my progress. Um, should I look for a pin of a specific character that is nonhuman with a tail from a movie that came out prior to the 1970s? Yes, we are confirming that all of that information is correct. Great. That's my first question. Is that confirmation? Um, should I look for a character this time of movie prior to the year 19 that came out before the year of 19 the year 1960? Hold on. Sorry. Everyone was like, you're making me Google the years. Yeah. I was like, you said before 1950. Before 19 uh50. No. Okay. So, between 1950 and 1970, um Okay. Um top of my head, thinking of movies that have a lot of tales, I'm thinking of Lady in the and 101 Dalmatians. Um should I look for a dog? Yes. Okay. Looking for a dog. Um, should I look for a should I look for a lady in the pin? No. Should I look for a 101 Dalmatian pin? Yes. Okay. Not. That's absolutely impeccable. Okay. Do I need to do anything with this tattoo? Did you eat it? Did you Did you bite it? Sage, did you eat it? Maybe I can hear you. Sage, if you're talking to the camera. I can't hear you. Oh, sorry. I was on mute. I was talking to the camera. Like, I don't. Sorry. Did you eat it? Yeah, I've been eating it. That's the task. You're good. We did it. This is the best task ever. I love it. Okay, let me give me two seconds to get myself sorted. Then I'm gonna decide where I need you to go. Where? And then I can stop and you can go and then we can stop and I can go and you can stop and I can go and you can go and I can stop and you can go. I almost walked into a pool. I like super almost walked into a pool. Um, Demo's 5 minutes all day and it is now 40 minutes as of 11:00 a.m. So just a heads up for everybody. That's apparently when Demo gets busy. Um, okay. I am going to I see a hidden Mickey I'm going to store in my brain for when it's relevant later. Uh but I am currently going to go back to um Fantasy Fair. I think don't really think Tomorrowland we'll have I don't think if I go over to um Intergalactic Traders. What I'm learning this game is I actually don't know the names of any stores. Yeah. because I keep just kind of all the names run together. Yeah. I keep just kind of saying random words that sound like they might be the name of the store. Mhm. Um and then just hoping for the best. I called Frontier Trading Post Westward Ho Traders, I think. Whoa. Which is it's just across from Westward Hoe and the Trading Post. So, I was like, that's probably what it's called. Um Okay. Ready? Yes. Should I go to a land inspired by a real time? Yes, sir. Okay. I'm Yes, sir. So, uh should I go to Huh? Uh Liberty Square. No. Okay. Should I go to Frontier Land? Yes, sir. Uh all right. I will head to Frontier Land. And I'm going to eat my cheshure cattail. All right. You please, please do. You got a little mini goofy action happening here. I don't have to go back to story book, right? I can just game master from wherever. No, you're good. You can stay there. Okay. Quincy and I were trading, but it was just cuz we were close every time. Oh, you guys were trading at Storybook Circus? Well, like she would get up and leave and I would go back there. Close to Yeah. No, you can you can stay there. If you can find a spot you feel comfortable with, you can state it. I don't really love where I'm at, but I'm sad. Um, okay. Frontier Land. Uh, should I go indoors? No. Okay. Not going indoors. Should I involve uh food and beverage? No. Should I involve uh merchandise at all? No sporting really. Ah, okay. Um, should I I'm going to Frontier Land. Am I showing you or should I show you something or point something out? Yes, I should. Okay. in Frontier Land. Is it Should I Should I go uh should it be the main strip? Hear me out. When I say the main strip, I mean everything before it peels off to Tiana's Bayou Adventure. Yes. Yes. So that's basically like POS until Liberty. Liberty Square. Correct. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Interesting. And you said it's not indoors. Has nothing to do with food and beverage. So I'm not going to see the Country Bear Jamboree, which is a huge upset. Sadly, I know. So, but I'm showing you something outdoors. Should I involve construction walls in any way? Like, is is this is this about construction? You've asked nine questions, by the way. Okay. All right. So, I need you to be patient with me cuz I'm not going to ask the 10th question until I get there cuz I want to be able to I want to understand the environment before I ask that final question. Of course. Okay. Fantasy fair. I'm back. Please have a 101 domation skin. I risked the cats. I think they might have the same ones as the big top souvenirs. No. The good news is I know exactly what I'm looking for because Yeah. I saw it already. Mhm. But it's not going to be on the princess rack. It's not going to be on the Mickey rack. I do think I'm allowed to have to go to Oh, no. I got it on my bag. Do you have it on your bag? I got truffle sauce on your bag. Yeah, because I just remembered the guy at Flame Tree Barbecue gave me probably 10 moist towelettes yesterday when I got these Parmesan fries and they're in my bag. Me, too. Because I also got those Parmesan fries from Flame Tree Barbecue yesterday and I also got eight moist and it was just me picking up. I remember thinking I remember thinking why would one person or even if multiple people were sharing those fries, eight people weren't going to be sharing the one truffle fries. But you know what he was just Thank you, sir. Okay, I am in Liberty Square. I'm walking towards Frontier Land and uh I'm going to show you these construction walls. I don't think maybe that's it. Maybe that's it. I don't think it is. No, it's not. I don't think it is. Patriotism swells in the heart of the American bear. What? Tomorrow will be better for us as long as America keeps like Tomorrow will be Oh, sorry. Tomorrow will be better for us as long as America keeps alive the ideals of freedom and a better life. Yeah. Patriotism swells in the heart of the American bear. Welcome, foolish mortals. Well, that that seems out of that's that seems like it doesn't quite Okay. All right. So, I'm show I'm showing the construction walls here in Frontier Land. I'm showing some of the construction behind it because you can kind of see it. But you said I'm just pointing something out. So, wow, that's crazy. I don't think I've like really paid attention to like the different views. Um, okay. I'm showing I'm showing you the scaffolding. Okay, unmuted. He's too focused on the showing. I knew I had to get him to show something there. Hopefully, he'll broaden his horizons and realize he needs to do something with the construction walls, but we'll see. And it's and it's more than And it's more than just showing clearly. You're doing amazing, King. What' you say? I said you're doing amazing, King. I'm okay. Big Als, I'm I'm near Big Als to give you reference. actually going to go ahead and get your tasks up as I'm walking in here and going straight to the 101 domination pin cuz I already know where it is. Oh, I don't know. I can't I can't watch this video right now, but my brother just sent me a text that says Winston learned a new trick yesterday with a laughing face. I would be scared. I'm worried. Be scared. Yeah. Um, all right. I have found a pin of fungal. I can do that. Perfect. Get going. Get going. Am I showing you something on the wall? No. Like an I'm not showing you anything on the wall. No. No. No. All right. Go find that Mickey. The Hoopt is on the wall here. That's crazy. You know that Hoopt review? Yeah. Who? There's a picture of Yeah. The Hoop review. There's a there's a there's a a poster promoting Hoopt review on the Magic Kingdom Frontier Land walls. Well, more people should be seeing Hoopdoo Review, so apparently I guess. Okay. Okay. Are you ready? Uh, yeah. I'm getting your toss up, but go ahead and ask me your first question. Should I stay in Tomorrowland? Yes. Yes. Okay. Yeah. I'm going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you anything. Go ahead. Okay. I thought about telling her that this a ride an attraction. Yes. Okay. My guess would be Speedway or People Mover. Usually low weights. Um or there's also Astro Orbiter. Tron Space Mountain. Um, should I ride an attraction that is Should I ride an attraction that is above the ground? No. Should I ride Speedway? No. Little hidden Mickeys. Little curves here. That's what the internet says. This is a hidden Mickey. As we all know, we can trust everything we see on the internet. Okay. Is this attraction completely indoors? Yes. Is this attraction technically a show? Yes. Aha. Now we still have two left. It could be Carousel Progress or Monsters Inc. Laugh Floor. I was a little nervous with that line of thinking, but Fry always confirms, so I was less nervous knowing you're Should I experience carousel progress? No. No. Should I experience Monsters Inc. Lap floor? Yes. How many questions is that? Eight. Oh boy. Um, do I need to do something physical while watching Monsters Inc. laugh? Yes. Yes. Doing something physical. I'm nervous about that because she doesn't really need to do something physical. She needs to tell a joke. But I think the easiest way to get her to tell a joke is to get her to text one in, which you can do at lunch and laugh for. You have one question left. Yes. Sorry, I was muted and talking. Okay. Should I film myself laughing at a joke during the show? No. No. Yeah. Go find Hidden Mickey. Am I am I showing you something behind the construction walls? Like something that you can see? No. Am I doing something in addition to like telling you show about the construction? Yes. Like Okay. Should I spiel about the construction in front of the walls? No. Uh, should I involve the new villains and cars situation and whatever I'm doing? No. Did you say yes? I said no. Oh, okay. Comes Alice in the Mad Hatter. Should I involve or talk about whatever uh Tom Sawyer Island and Liberty like and riverboat? No, but this has to do with the construction. We Okay. Am I doing something that I can only do like um is it something that I'm doing with my voice? No. Would Emma Would you be embarrassed? By doing this in front of a lot of people? No. Okay. So, it's not like I'm not like singing or like doing an impression or like That was a good question, though. Yeah. You're not having to like do jumping jacks or sing or yell or holler like anything I would be embarrassed by, right? You don't have to do that. Okay. I'm going to recap because I'm I'm super lost. You know what? Actually, it's the second round and I and we have we have we have Yeah, let's let's use a hint. Let's use a hint. Okay, I'm going to do it. Okay, I'm going to use I'm going to use one of my hints. Okay. All right. So, on the People Mover, there is a part where you go indoors and you see the little salon of the future and there's a hidden Mickey on that woman's belt. So, there you have it. Hidd on the people mover. Okay, now we're back. I'm back to ask you, I'm doing something physical with Monster Lap floor. Am I taking a picture of myself? No. No. Do I need to send in a joke? Yes, dude. Yes. Okay. Yes, dude. So, Monsters Inc. Lab Floor is a show where the monsters are really talking to you. You can send a joke in and maybe they'll say it. Um, what's a good joke to send? Oh gosh. Um, one that I like that they often say is um I can't remember it. There's a Peter Pan one. Oh, maybe like a punny joke. Yeah. Yeah. They like the punny jokes and they like them when they're Disney characters. Yeah. Now what that this is going to take you a minute because you have to actually go through Monsters Inc. laugh for which is um I'm just going to have to hold until you're out. Uh let me I guess once you tell the joke we can technically start but you can't answer questions while you're in Monsters and Gl. Yeah. I mean unless Can you send in the joke and then walk through the theater? We should check with Emma. Emma um hang on Emma is calling me so stay on the line. Hi. Okay. Okay, it says you text to 42319. You start it with ooze. You give them your name, your hometown, and your joke. And if chosen, they'll say it in show. So, you have to give your name and your hometown as well. And they might they might use it. They might not. Um, but it could be fun to hear your own joke said by the monsters. So, what's hard about this hint situation is I'm still racking my brain trying to figure out what what it is. But the essentially both game masters have to agree on the hint like well because they want it to be fair and make sure that like you know it's not too leading it's not just giving it away that it is a true hint and I can see the clock running down while they're while they're having their backdoor discussions like y'all really running down that clock right now. You got hit. Okay. confirmed with the other game masters that if Fry is inside the building and can text him a joke that uh the task is done. So, congrats. That's a task. You can get out of there and um can switch. Um I'm already like okay, you know what? We're going to do this. We just got the halfway warning, by the way. So, we're right on it to be two and two. Okay. Okay. So, can you hear me? Yeah. If the hint is you're gonna want to remember this, should I talk about like my favorite memory? No. And by the way, going back to our questions, that was your eighth question. Okay, you're going to want to remember this. Should I talk about the dates of like things opening or closing? No. One more question. Am I showing you more than the construction walls? No. That was 10. So, you can attempt something. Oh, no. I'm going to have to find another hidden Mickey. Girl, I'll call you back. Should I stay in Frontier Land? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay. Should I go somewhere with the air with air conditioning? Yes. Yes. Okay. Um, Frontier Land Air Cashing is all over here. We don't have to go. I mean, I guess there's the Tiana's gift shop. Um, it could be, but uh, and Critter Co-op. Should I go somewhere that primarily that primarily sells merchandise? No. Okay. So, I am feeling a call that rhymes with hunchy hair. Um, but I don't I want to make sure I'm narrowing things down enough. has somewhere that sells primarily merchandise. The only things that that leaves that are in the AC are still tall and cafe, but they haven't eaten anything yet. But I also haven't done an attraction yet, so it could be either of those actually. And I don't think there's anything else horseshoe, but I don't think it's time for Should I go in uh should I go to Should I go to POS tall and cafe? Yes. Did you say yes? Yes. Um, okay. So, I do know that my um both of my other both my players have had to eat something. So, I think maybe all three. So, I'm going to guess I have an eating something task. Um, should I should I order something at Pico Spill? No. No, I'm not buying a Pico Spill. Five questions. Okay. Interesting. Um, should I look for a theming detail? No. Okay. Should I should I um get free something free? Yes, you should. I should get something free. Should I get a cup of free ice water? Yes. Yes. Okay, good. I like hydration. Um, at POS when you want free ice water, sometimes in the summer they will have a whole um like refill station for ice water back here on the back of the former toppings bar, but they haven't really had it in the winter. You can just go up to the mobile order pickup um and just ask them if you can have a cup of ice water. So, that's what I'm going to do. We will see if that completes the task or if there's more to it. So, I'm outside of Tiana's Bayou Adventure right now. And uh there's actually hidden Mickey right when you go down the big hill. It's actually an outline of uh like actually within the rock work is like an outline of his nose and his ears. Um like if you were to draw a line. Uh just kind of cool rock work thing. And people say online it's a real hit Mickey. So great. Um, okay. There is a bug in it, but I'm holding a free ice water. Well, do I have to drink it? I'll drink it. I'll do it. I'm drinking it. I did not drink the buckets on the other side. I drank a little sip. The tiniest sip. That's it. Great. Okay, I'm pouring the bug water out. It didn't take a short amount of time to get that water, so I didn't want to I didn't want to, you know. Um, okay. I am going to sit down at uh the table that's pretty quiet. I'm probably going to go out the back to do that, but if you would like to get moving, you can. I can start uh I can start while I'm on the move. I physically cannot. Um, I'm still in the queue for Monsters, Inc. I'm just going to walk through the doors when they open. You were You game master from the queue for Monsters, Inc.? Yes, I did. That's incredible. Open the doors, right? I'm about to open the doors right now. So, I'm going to walk through. Should I touch the the wall? No, but I I I think you're doing good. Okay. Should I salute the wall? No. Should I do something physical that's not embarrassing near the wall? Yes. I don't know what it has to do with remembering that was Should I take a picture with the wall? Yes, you should take a picture with the wall. Is Is that it? Yes. Are you ready? I am ready. Okay. Should I stay in Tomorrowland? No. I've been in Tomorrowland and Fantasy Land so far. Should I go to a land that I haven't been in yet? This game? Yes. Yes. So, Magic Kingdom, Adventure Land, Frontier Land, Liberty Square. She called Main Street Magic Kingdom, but she meant Main Street. What? Oh, you call you call Main Street Magic Kingdom, which you're not wrong. Most of most of them are based on a real place. Should I go to a land that's not based on a real time? Um, no. I just have to rip the band-aid off. Should I go to Main Street? No. Should I go to Frontier Land? No. Okay. Liberty Square. So, I'm just going to confirm cuz the punishment's easy. Should I go to Liberty Square? Yes. Okay. Should I go indoors? No. Should I show off a detail? No. No. Side. Should I do something? Oh, no. I don't know if I can get there right now. The pro the thing's about to come through. Oh yeah, at least it's just the cavalcade. Yeah, but like I can't even walk on that bridge right now. They're standing there not letting me through. Um, should I do something with the construction? No. No. Okay, I have to find a hidden Mickey. Yep. Should I go to um a land that is not inspired by a real place? So that's Tomorrowland or Fantasy Land is where I'm at. Yes. Yes. Should I stay in Tomorrowland? Not been there yet. Yes. Okay. Already done a ride. I've already done a snack. I don't think it would be either of those things. Should I look for merchandise? Should you what? Look for merchandise. No. No. Okay. Should I show off a hidden detail? No. Okay. Um, should I do an activity? Yes. Yes. Um, should I get my driver's license photo? No. No. Um, I'm sitting here. Can I Can I go watch a um Can I go to the Should I go to the viewing area at Tomorrowland Speedway? I'm looking at it. The viewing area. Yes. Okay, that's the only other activity I honestly know of that's not merch, snacks, or food. All right, fun fact, you can come up here if you're not driving a car. Um, you can watch people drive their cars. If you're maybe you have a younger kiddo who can't participate, you can come up with here with them and watch your other parent or other people at your party drive. Or if you just want a nice like shaded spot, it's quiet. kind of smells like gas. Um, do I need to Is is that the task or do I need No, you're done, girl. You did it. You're done. What was it? That's it. What was it? It was watch a race from the stands of Tomorrowland Speedway. That was it. Okay, I'll take it. I love using my eyes. Okay. All right. Are Are you ready? Back to me. Okay. I think I'm ready. I'm going to start moving. Just give you frame of reference. I am in front of Tiana's Bayou Adventure. Okay. Uh, should I um I'm going to start with this question, but I will change up the questions because interest. Should I go to a land inspired by a real time? Yeah. Yes. Yes. Should I stay in frontier land? Yes. My least favorite place. Um, you like hate it now on a personal principle. I'm like, I don't want to be here anymore. I don't want to be here anymore. Should I go indoors? Yes. Yes. Should I involve merchandise? No. Should I involve food and beverage? Yes. I should. Should I go to POS Bill? Yes. That's six questions. Just so we Great. I'm going to go to POS Bill. Um Should I order something? Yes. Oh, okay. I'm going to mobile order cuz it's easier. Um, maybe it might might not be based on the line. Um, should I do I need to order something specific? Yes. Should I get something savory? Yes. Yes. That's nine. I just order everything off the menu. Get a one of everything and hope it works out. Should I order an like should I order an entree? I'm going to say I'm going to say no. Interesting. I'm wondering if it has something to do with fries. Unfortunately, that could have been a misplay. I don't know if that was right because the kids meal is an entree, but I think he's thinking of one of the main entre, not kids meals. These locks, I don't know if this really counts. They're kind of shaped like Mickey. They have little ears. Here's the thing. Hiddies are not official. They're not official. So, I'm This is It counts. You're Yeah, it's your judgment. Yeah, it counts. Okay. So, I'm in Liberty Square. I'm outside. Is that really all I've asked? I mean, you you spent a lot of questions on land. Yeah. So, I think that's Yeah. And we know it's not construction and you know, it's not show off a hidden detail. And a detail. Okay. Or show off a detail, I think, is what you said specifically. Should I ride an attraction? Well, I can't, but that's silly. I take it back. I take it back cuz I'm outside. I hesitated for a reason. I I'm outside. That was a silly question. Should I take a picture of something? Yes. Yes. Will I be in this picture? Yes. So, it's a picture of me. What could I take a picture with in Liberty Square? It's not construction. Should I take a picture with something that is like has historical significance? No. No. Should I just take a selfie in Liberty Square? Can you rephrase? Should I Should I just take a picture anywhere in Liberty Square? Just a picture of myself in the land? No. No. Should I take a picture with Cynthia? No. Dang it. I thought that was it. Should I take a picture that has to do with the Christmas shop? No. Uhoh. A lot of construction to make way for the new lands. uh the uh the Frontier Land version of cars basically off-roading and also Villains Land coming in a long time. Uh but it we got rid of uh Tom Sawyer Island to make way for all of that. Um and the Rivers of America. Uh and in the caves there was actually a hidden Goofy uh which was super fun. And the light up from the gems uh in the caves cast the shape of uh Goofy. I just wanted to shout out to Goofy. Hidden Goofy. Nailed it. If allowed to do hidden Steamboat Willie, we're allowed to do hidden Goofies. Uh, here we go. How much time did we 10 minutes left? Can I ask for a hint? Yeah, if you want to do a hint, you can hint. I don't know how to do that, but I want to I want to hit. Should I do um like a Should I get chips and salsa or queso or something like that? No. Should I get French fries? No. Should I get an uncrustable? Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay. Do I have to eat that uncrustable? Um, technically yes. Yes. Like the answer is yes. Formally, but I know that's not what you wanted to hear. Oh, no. Is that the task to eat an uncrustable? No. But it would it would satisfy it. But I don't know if I can tell you that. All right, I guess I'm gonna get an Incrustable. Yeah, y' Yeah. Bye. Okay, I know he does not want to eat that dang Incrustable, but he needs to because it is technically a kids meal according to the Disney World app. There you go. If you mobile order, it is a kids meal, specifically the PB&J and crustable. So, it counts. Is it what I had in mind? No. Is it what he wants to eat? No. Does it satisfy the task? Yes. Okay. So, your hint is framed with no walls. And you have another question for me? Yeah. Is it a picture in the stocks? No. Dang it. My a frame but no walls. A frame. Yeah. Frame or framed with no walls. Unfortunately, that does not help me. Framed with no walls. It's in Liberty Square. Greened with no walls. Rained with no walls. Does that have something to do with High Mansion? No. No. I'm walking around framed. There's no walls. Is it the silhouettes? No. Do I need to take a photo pass picture? No. Okay. Fry Bouquet. Should I stay in Tomorrowland? I'm the Tomorrowland. You can tell I didn't leave the last task. Should I stay in Fantasy Land? No, no, I've not gone past fantasy land. So, should I go um let's see. I don't want to waste a bunch of questions trying to get where I need to go. Should I go somewhere that is based off of a real place, which is Frontier Land, um Main Street, Adventure Land, Liberty Square area? Yes. Yes. Okay. Where have I not been? And I'm walking towards Honestly, I don't know that I've had anyone spend time in Adventure Land on my end of things except for Quincy looking for a hidden Mickey. So, should I go to Adventure Land? Yes, let's go, baby. I hope it's not run up 800 stairs cuz I will lose. Hey. Hi, Sage. Hey, team Quage. I'm excited for a Quage finale, I'll be honest. Um, it's a Quage finale. It's a Quage finale. Um, three-hour Quage finale. A three-hour glorious three-hour Quage finale. And no one's here to cut us off. Um, should I stay at Fantasy Land? Uh, you should you should not. I should not. Okay. Um, should I go to um should I go to a land in Magic King? Don't answer that. Should I go to Should I go to a land that has a Should I go to a land? Oh my gosh. Why can't I think of anything? This is this three round thing is really fatiguing me. I like being game master and being player. Okay. Should I go to a land based on a real place or time? Reminder, I personally do not count Adventureland in that because Adventure Land is an amalgamation of different places and times, some real, some fantastic. I would I would agree with that. I would agree with that. Emily counts it in real. And I also get comments a lot that are like Adventure Land is real. I am saying it's an amalgamation and I'm I'm talking about places that are based on specific real places in time. And I'm saying yes, you should go to a spec a lands based in a specific time. Okay, cool. Should I go to Liberty Square? Yes, you should. Ooh, easy from a walking perspective. Um, you know, you know me. You know me. Come on now. Straight line, baby. Straight line. I know you. Oh, and I forgot. I do have two more um tasks. I keep thinking I only have one that's an option. Okay. Uh, Liberty Square. I've heard of her. Um, should I go in the air conditioning? You should not. Okay. Um, outside in Liberty Square. Um, should I do something involving a specific theming element or detail? Uh, should you do something involving a theming element or detail? Yes. Yes, you should. Okay. like this can't be it. Should I get in the stocks? Yes, you should. The the reason I said this can't be it is because we were just talking between rounds. All of us have been talking about the stocks a lot. There's there's been a lot of stock conversation today. A lot of And we are not talking about Fortune 500. That's for sure. We're talking about medieval public torture punishment devices. Not really torture, but public shaming punishment. Um, that's what we're talking about when we say stocks here at Allers. Okay. Oh. Um, I've asked this every round and people keep telling me no, but it doesn't mean it's no forever. It mean maybe it's no for now. Am I looking for merchandise? No. No. Okay. Well, I'll try again later. I was just like really want to do some merchandise. Should I show off a hidden detail in Adventure Land? Yes. Yes. I'm walking past questions. Okay. I'm walking past it. Should I show off um Club 33? A secret club? No. No. Dang it. Okay. There's a lot of skulls. And look at those masks. Very cool. I wish I was showing off Club 33. I wish I was going in club 3. Bye you guys. Wish it was me. Not. Look at the little animal footprint. There's animal footprints in the ground. Um Oh, I'm passing sunshine tree parrot. Should I show off a character for this land? Orange bird. No. No. Okay. There's orange bird on the wall. Not that that's helpful, but walking past. She needs to keep looking at the ground. That was good. Keep doing that. You said I'm showing off. What was my language? I'm showing off a hidden detail. Is that what it said? Yes. Okay. There's orange bird again. Brothers everywhere. Um, is the hidden detail in Swiss Family Treehouse? No. No. Okay. Thank goodness. Truly from the bottom of my heart. Yeah. Thank goodness. Okay. Mhm. already talked about animal footprint. That didn't seem exciting. Okay, it's not merchandise, so I'm already sold. But should I show off different um somewhere you can get wet? I'm looking at the camel because there's a few of those in Adventure Land. There's the camel right here who spits on you in front of magic carpets of Aladdin. There's also Oh, he's spitting. He's sit. There's also the misters in front of Jungle Cream. Mosaic is where the camel spits. So, she's in that area over at Aladdin. Does it have to do with a an attraction? No. No. Okay, I'm showing a hidden detail. Should I take a photo of myself in the stocks? I'm walking over there, so I figured I'd do some clear. No. Okay. Um, then I'm just going to get in the stocks and see what happens. Thankfully, I'm walking up at a very good time where no one is in the stocks. Um, no criminals about in the square today, I guess. Okay. What if this like wasn't the task and you were just like playing a prank on me? I just wanted you to go to the stocks. Yeah. Okay. I'm in the stocks. How does that make you feel? Do you feel properly arrested? I feel like I got arrested. Well, congratulations. You just completed that task. That's funny. My task was to get arrested. Your task was to get arrested. Reasonable. Um Okay. Uh I It's weird that you didn't like go for like climb the castle or something. Uh seems like it would have been maybe a little easier. Okay. Um All right. I'm going to start. Should I Am I safe to start moving? Yeah, go ahead and start moving. I'm going to find an area, but you start. Okay. I need to find a hidden Mickey. And I need to do it quick. There's some uh art pieces in the ground. Any Mickey's on those guys? Wait, what are you What are you looking at? People come out. art pieces in the ground like pieces of uh what is that called? You know, they're like they're really color ball. What's the word for it? But it's art. It's like broken up pieces of art, bro. Where the heck is the Mickey? Sorry to this whoever's having to watch me just filming the dang ground. Oh, I see him. I see him. There it is. The hidden Mickey. Okay, I found it. That's so tiny. Oh man. Okay. Also, well, there's a hidden Mickey. Okay, good. Uh, okay. You We're back. You also starting over. You completed the task while you found the hidden Mickey. I did the task. It was to find the mosaics on the ground, which are the broken up pieces of art that you just pointed out. Does that count? I think it does. I waited until you found that hid Mickey first, but I think that that counts. Okay. I I think it should count. Okay, here we go. We've switched. I'm leaving. Yeah. Uh, should I go to a land that once existed uh or that that is inspired by real time? And yes, you and I share the same belief about Adventure Land. The answer is no. No. So, I should Okay. Should I stay in Fantasy Land? No. Should I go to Adventure Land? Yes. I think it's the one place I haven't been yet. Okay. Um, just to orient you, I'm in front of Phil Her Magic and I am walking to Adventureland. Um, okay. I'm going to keep asking questions because time is of the essence. Um, okay. Should I go uh indoors? Uh, no. No, I should not go indoors. Well, I'm gonna say yes. I should go indoors. I'm going to say yes. Interesting. Should uh does uh should I in uh involve No. Uh should I involve merchandise in any way? No. No. No. Um, I already rode a ride. I'd be shocked if I would have to ride another ride. So, I'm going to avoid that question unless I get desperate. Um, the reason I waffled on that is because I want him to do the pirates experience and it's a very small building, but it is a indoor building. So, that's what I want him to do. I'm also looking at the nearest by spots you could take a height requirement sign picture. Unless you got me reservation that I don't know about. I'd be shocked. Um you're going to Beacon Barrel. This has all been a fake video. I love it. Um there's no like indoor food places I think other maybe skipper canteen but that doesn't make any sense. So I think I'm also going to avoid food. So I'll ask the question. Should I Yeah. police. I'm going indoors. Should I Is it Am I doing something physical like like an activity or something? Yes. Doing physical activity? What is What physical activities are there to do in like New York? An adventure land? Oh, I keep forgetting. Uh um should should I involve uh uh stairs in any way? No. Okay. It's not the treehouse. Forget about the treehouse. Like the other activity I think about is the is the treasure hunt or experience, but that's outdoors. Well, actually, it's kind of both cuz it leads you indoors for like certain things. Like there's moments in the in the scavenger hunt that are inside of some of the merch shops and it starts and I guess technically where you get the maps. Yes. Is like an indoor shack. So maybe he's doing it. Should I should I involve the scavenger hunt in any way? Yes. Oh, I should. Okay. So, I'm going to go to that scavenger hunt. That's funny. You got Are you counting the in the shack that you buy the map in as why it's indoors? Yes. That is why I That's why I wavered. That's funny. The real The real reason I decided to say yes after I had said no was because I thought that you would narrow down because there's more outside than there is inside. And I thought that would make it easier for you to get there. Yeah. No, that's that's very true. Um that is then that's literally why I said it. That's smart. Um okay. Uh weird. Sorry. Go ahead. No, you're fine. I should Okay. Should I just do the scavenger hunt? Yes. How many questions am I at? nine. Okay. Uh, I'll ask the question cuz I I have to I'm going to attempt it anyway. Do I need to do a full leg of one of the scavenger hunts or can I just show them one part of it for time purposes? I think it says do just one quest. I think the answer is yes. Um, but I'm going to confirm I'm going to confirm if you only if one quest means like the first step or if it means the entire map. So, you just get started and I will text you. The hint I received, she told me on my phone, I don't totally remember it. The hint was like, you framed without walls. Framed no walls or something like that. Mhm. That's honestly I think that's dope. And I agreed to it that I still think that's tough. Does it have anything to do with a building? A building? Like, do I need to have a building in the picture? What? Like, what do you mean by that? I'm sorry that might sound like a silly question, but like just expand on what you're picturing in your mind. Like, does it have to do with any like specific building in Liberty Square? Like an establishment? I'm going to say no. No. Okay. Does it have to do with the Liberty Bell? No. This one is stumping me. You know what? I'm going to ask for another hint. Okay, I think that's fair. It's the last round. You might as well use them. This is actually a scavenger hunt that you can do all around Adventureland. It's uh it's themed uh after Jack Sparrow and his adventures. And it actually interacts with physical sets and effects all over uh Adventure Land. So, it's not like, "Oh, I found this um you know, found this trash can." Interacts with like animatronics or different special effects and it's it's very fun, very cool, and uh very, you dare I say it, immersive narrative uh storytelling. So, here we go. We got our map. It essentially gives you a map and then you follow it. The approved tent was behind the Christmas shop. behind the Christmas shop. Oh, I see Quincy. She's standing She's sitting right there. Um A How nice is that? Does it have to do with the gazebo? Yes, ma'am. What? Yes. Yes. Sorry. I'm trying to yell, but I feel like I'm like screaming. Okay. Well, over there the rope the rope is locked. Do I need to take a picture of myself in the gazebo? Yes. But because the rope is up, I think it's okay if you take a picture of yourself in front of. Okay. Yeah, I can stand in front of the gate. Okay. The symbol said we start at the dart. So the dart is looks like between Pirates of the Caribbean and Jungle Cruise. So that's where we'll head. Oh, you see the treasure of the Pacific. I will show you zoo. But beware, dangerous men. Oh no. Now you Oh no. I think that that's one of my favorite effects. Has protected you this time. Look closely at my necklace. Search your map for the magical mark of mask. There you go. I am in Adventure Land. Should I go to a land that is based off of a real place? So, Adventure Land, Frontier Land, Liberty Square, and Main Street? Yes. Yes. Okay. Should I stay in Adventure Land? No. No. Should I go to Liberty Square there? No. No. I hate to do I'm going to just burn my questions. Um, should I go to Main Street? Yes. Okay. I'm shooting my main tree. I'm going to ask one more time. Should I do um anything that is merchandise related? Yes, finally. I've been begging. Everybody's getting fun merch. I'm like, where's my merch? Cuz my strength is shopping. I know. Where's the merch? Okay. Um should I stay in Liberty Square? You should not stay in Liberty Square. Okay. Um, should I go to a land based on a real place or time? Uh, no, you should not. Okay, that leaves me like Adventure Land, Tomorrowland. Um, should I go to Adventure Land? No, you should not. Should I go to Tomorrowland? Yes, you should. Okay. Well, I'll do that. Uh, while I'm on my way there, I will keep nering down. Tomorrowland's a big land. I am the only person so far to my knowledge that I can think of. Maybe Ferrari. I don't know though. I have No, no, no. I haven't written anything. And I wonder if that's what it is. Written anything? I haven't written anything. Um, so I'm going to So I'm just going to start with should I uh go somewhere in the air conditioning? Uh, yes. Should I ride something? Uh, no. Wow. Nobody I I didn't get any ride tasks or any eat tasks. What's up? Um, in my in my OG five. That's crazy. Everybody else was eating and riding today and I was just boppinging. Um, should I go somewhere that primarily sells merchandise? Uh, no. That's your seventh question. Okay. Should I should I go somewhere that primarily sells food? Uh, yes. Okay, that's what I like to hear. Um, so she said AC. She didn't say indoor or outdoor. She said AC. And this place has AC. It is a It is It is That's the task. go somewhere that has outdoorish covered um the task was to sit in a outdoor area that has AC not as terrace uh should I go to anti-gravities? No. Okay. Um okay. Uh that's my ninth question, right? That's your ninth question. Um, I do think I'm just going to go ahead and confirm just to make sure I'm not forgetting something because I just don't want to end up on a wrong path for eight hours. Uh, which will put me at my max and I'll have to find a hidden Mickey that is okay. Uh, should I go to Cosmic Ray Starlight Cafe? You should not. Whoa. See, this is why you do it. This is why you do it. Indoors that primarily sells food. Why am I forgetting? Indoors that primarily sells food. And and I want to I want to just remind you. Oh, I said in the AC. I know. That's why I kept correcting myself. I don't know if you heard me say Think about your wording. Think about your wording. I got it. I'm with you. Um, that was my 10th. So, I am going to uh I'm going to find a hidden Mickey. I know I could try something, but I just would like my 10 questions. So, I'm going to find Hidden Mickey real quick. Oh. Um, do I need to go to a specific store? Yes. Okay. Should I go to the Emporium? Hi, Kayla. I'm already Yes. Yes. Okay. Okay. The Emporium is one of the biggest stores in Magic Kingdom. Is it the biggest? Yes, it's the biggest one. I believe so. I believe so as well. And there's quite a bit that you can find in here. If you're thinking about your more non park specific merchandise, t-shirts, hats, pins, ears, there's quite a bit in here. You can also find technically Casey's Cornerette kind of. All right, I'm outside Carousel Progress. Uh, one Mickey I just noticed here. I'm actually not even sure we have a picture of it, but I'll tell you guys about it. You can look for it. In the Christmas scene, which is the final scene, it is the present day/future scene. Um, they have nutcrackers on the fireplace mantle and one of them is a nutcracker Mickey. Um, that I just noticed when I was riding it the other day. It's easier to see if you sit on the right side of the theater. Uh, but you can see it from anywhere. Look over by Grandpa in the tree. Um, outside Mickey. So now I will ask you, should I go to Tomorrowland Terrace? You. Yes. Okay. Interesting. Should I take a photo? No. No. Okay. Um, should I sit down? Yeah. Okay. Um, I'm only asking this I have a feeling it's like sit down for several minutes at Tomorrowland Terrace. I'm only asking this because I know Emil Rouch wrote it. Should I go get something else to bring back to Tomorrowland Terrace? No. Okay, then I'm have a feeling you'd sit for a bit. Um, so I will just confirm that. Should I sit for a certain period of time and will that complete the task? I think that makes sense. I think so too, Sage. Um, okay. So, I will go do that. Is it something to do with me? Yes. Yes. Is it pin related? Is it what? Pin related like P I N pin. Pin. No. Yeah. No pins. Okay. That was nine questions. Nine questions. Okay. Okay. That's very cute. I'm looking at shirts. I'm trying to get some info so I don't waste time. I also don't want to waste time like not asking either. Here's like a happy medium that I need to find. Um, I love those sweaters. I would pick those sweaters for myself. Just saying out loud. Should I pick those sweaters for myself? Is it something to do with my favorite character? I'll ask that. No. No. Okay, that's okay. Didn't find a hit of Mickey. I'm on level 10. Yeah. I I think I showed off the sweater. I was like that was what I was going to do if I had hit 10. So I'll just find a hit a Mickey. Okay, I'm sitting starting now. Um, did you tell her that? That was Do I have more tasks? You have uh you have one more task. Okay, cool. Oh, yes. Yes, yes, yes. Mickey's. Okay, there you go. Mickey's in the gate. We're going back to the emporium. How's D and D going? because I'm curious about like getting into it, you know. Um Damy's good. I uh Are you recording by the way? Yeah, I'm recording. Okay, good. Um I have to say something specific. Don't worry. That's rough. Um Dandy is good. I uh I've been playing I play weekly on Thursdays, but this Thursday I wasn't going to be able to play because of that middle of the night media event, but that got cancelled. Now I'm going to be able to play. Okay. I just might leave early cuz you have festival, but it could go well. Um, I'm basically fantasy Iron Man, so that's pretty cool. Do I need to customize something? Do you need to customize something? Yeah. Is that what you Do I need to? Uh, no. We're answering. Okay. Do I just need to pick out something for myself? Like, is the tash pick off something for myself? Yes. Yes. Okay. Um, honestly, I would buy these Mickey ears. I would pick out that for myself as long as well as this fantasmic Mickey sorcerer Mickey t-shirt. She's not reacting. Get it this way. So, I think it's not that. Um, is it something I can wear? No. No. Um, is it jewelry? All right. No. No. Okay. Um, is it one of these adorable popular plush keychains? Like it's Mickey Stitch anxiety. No. Okay. It's an accessory. I'm looking. I'm looking. I And also just for clarification, like I don't consider toys an accessory. Do you agree? Okay. Just making sure before I go and like touch a bunch of stuff that is not that. Um, it's for myself. There's a keychain here that says number one wife. I would say that's definitely me for sure, but she's not reacting. Um, should I get should I get a keychain with my initial on it? I'm touching one if that impacts you. I'm showing off on the I'm touching. It doesn't sound like it's impacting her. Okay. But she did hesitate, which maybe could be a good sign. That was really close. Get your whole name. Um, how's your relationship with your father? It's great. Um, awesome. Hey, you know what? That's fine. That's good. Hey, that's enough time. Enough time has gone by. I wasn't supposed to say three specific. You're just I You needed to sit for 3 minutes. I just needed to keep you seated for 3 minutes and now we can move on. I see. I see. Well, I wasn't going to get up because I'm now the game master and I'm at the most beautiful table that's ever existed looking directly out over the water at depths facing Cinderella Castle. Perfect. I love it. Well, are are you ready to switch? Yeah, I'm ready to switch. Did I ask can I wear it? Did I say that? You have not asked that yet. Can I wear it? Uh, no. I don't believe so. No. Okay. Okay. I'm going to start walking through things I can't wear. Okay. Well, that's all shirts and hats and stuff. Accessory, not candy. Can't do anything over here. Nikki's OP Skittles. I really hope that there's something with her name. People aren't personal to me. Neither are those tags. It's an accessory that I can wear. Um, it's not jewelry. I need to look away from jewelry. Sorry. Is it a notebook? See? No. No. It's not. I consider plushes toys. You know what I'm How many questions have I asked? eight eight. Oh goodness gracious. He needs to take a picture of the height requirement sign. I'm going to try to get him to the one that is closest to him. So I'm just looking up which one that is. Um most rides in Magic Kingdom, a lot of rides are any height. So BStormer, he's far from Big Thunder, he can't get to the height requirement sign because it's closed. Um Seven Doors Mind Stream Space Mountain is far far. Tiana's is probably going to be it. Trolling. Yeah, it's gonna be Tiana's. Okay, should I go to a land inspired on a Should I go to a land inspired by a real town? Yes. Yes. Yes. Should I go Should I go to Main Street, USA? No. Should I go to Frontier Land? Yes. Awesome. Going to Frontier Land right now. Okay. Should I go somewhere with air conditioning? No, I should not. Staying outside. Should I involve uh merchandise in any way? No. Should I involve food and beverage in any way? No. Okay. Well, there are no outdoor rides or really Oh, there's some there's some live entertainment because uh they've got characters roaming characters. This is going to be a hard one. The good thing is Sage moves fast. Woody here. But this is going to be hard. I'm hoping he does what I do and starts to split the land spatially so I can get him. I don't want him to think he needs to ride Tianis. He will never guess that. Um, I just need to get him to the hype sign, which is right at the entrance to Tiana. Country Bear Jamboree. Should I walk towards Tiana's Bayou Adventure? Yes. Oh, all right. And now we've eliminated half the land. It gets smaller. Um, and this is outdoors. It doesn't involve merch. What? Okay. It doesn't involve merchandise. It doesn't involve food and beverage and it's outdoor. Is this another physical is this a is this an I want you to know I got stumped a year for like a long time because I was supposed to take a picture with the construction walls and I couldn't for for the life of me remember what take like like to ask to take a picture. I was like am I singing? I was like no shut up Sage. Um you sing to the construction wall. You have to sing lifesty. Well, that the hint was you're going to want to remember this. I was like, do I sing remember me in front of the construction wall? Like, what what is this? Um, uh, okay. I'm okay. I'm walking towards Tiana's Bay Adventure. Uh, okay. Do I need is this like a physical activity that I'm doing like a like I'm like using my voice and body to do this? The answer is yes. If I don't ask this question, I'm going to lose my I'm I'm I'm going to be really angry at myself. Should I take a picture with something? Yes. See, I just saw how you asked these questions. Okay. I'm just like walking. It's important not It's important to ask the clarifies even though you think there's no chance that you need to. Like it's like that's why I asked about classic. You never know what you're forgetting. Yeah. Uh Okay, I I there's no way two of my tasks are about construction, so I am going to avoid that. But it's outdoors. Um, and I'm over by Tiana's Bay Adventure. Uh, and there's the train station. Um, how many questions do I have left? You have asked nine questions. You only have one more right now until you have to make it up. Jeez. Okay. All right. To the go-kart. Well, I'm standing I'm standing by the critter co-op and I just think I probably need to ask the question, have I I'm I'm standing next to the critter co-op and I'm asking the question, have I gone too far? No. No. Which means I'm going that way. Interesting. But I have to find a hidden Mickey. So, yes. Is it anything to do with home decor? Anything I would want for my house? Like, I'm looking at muds. No. Oh my gosh. That's home decor. Those are toys. That was nine questions. Yes. I'm I think I'm just going to have to hit punishment, girl. Yeah. It's okay. That's okay. That's It's not customized football. I can't wear it. It's my t-shirt. Sorry. I'm doing This is my third lap. It's okay with you're doing great. An accessory. I can't I can't I need to remember the wear it things. I love this collection. Even if it's old, it's not jewelry. Not a phone. Oh, no. I didn't ask about phone cases. It's not pins. Um, is it a phone case? Do I need to pick out a phone case? No. M. Uh, no. Okay. Uh, all right. I'm here in front of Tiana's Bayou Adventure. In the finale scene, there is a there's actually a Mickeyshaped beignet, making it a hidden be Mickey. Bin Mickey. That's what I just called it. It's a bin. It's a bin Mickey. Beignet. It's a bin. It's a bin. It's a bin. No, I can't do it. I was trying. I was trying. Hey. Hey, Sage. I was trying to make a vignet. Like, we have Hey, you want six points this round? Get it together. You're right. You're right. You're right. Uh, okay. Hick. All right. Moving on. All right. So, now it's over here. Uh, does it involve uh the the Frontier Train Station, which is currently enclosed? No. So, it involves Should I involve Tiana's Bayou Adventure? Yes. Okay. But that's indoors. Kind of, right? Because it's a ride. So, should I involve the queue of Tiana's Bayou Adventure? No. No. So, it's something that I can see on the outside of Tiana's Bayou Adventure that is past the Critter Co-op and it's not in the queue. Is it? I was trying to see. Oh. Oh, is it? No, but the mural is technically in the queue, right? Of the the mural of of of Lewis the the Gator. Um, I will answer a clarification. I consider the mural in the queue. Okay, great. Great. You don't get wet. Um, but it has to do with Tiana's Bayou adventure. Uh, okay. Uh, and reminder that it was a yes to do I take a photo. And yes to take a photo, right? Got it. Forgot about that. I'm just reminding you. I just don't want you to forget. Thank you. Um, the Tiana Bayou is do I involve like the the bathroom area of Tiana's Bayou adventure? Technically not in the queue. No. No. No. Okay, that's the queue. That's the should I involve? And it's Oh, you said it was outdoors, right? So, the gift shop is indoors by your adventure is is in there. So, now I'm wandering again. How many questions do I have left? You've asked four. Four. Oh, no. I see one. I see one. Um, above the window um near Main Street Cinema. I'm showing it on camera. Like where the jewelry and stuff is, there's little Mickey's in the design of the windows um scaping or whatever. Like there's little Mickey ears above. Okay, I'm going back. Right. I'm going back. I knew there had to be one in the dang design somewhere. Yeah. Okay, girl. This is terrible. You're doing good. This one's hard. Personal to me. I cannot wear it. who is not jewelry. Um, oh, I'm sorry. There's so many things. It's an accessory. So, I'm starting to wonder if we are starting to get into a situation like Quincy did. Is it a bag? I'm looking at bags. I'm looking at bags. Okay. Um, is it sunglasses? I'm literally just asking about things that are not in that category. And honestly, I will say there's not many. If it's not a bag, is it sunglasses? No. Is it ears? No. I can wear ears. I know that's not a great question. Okay. So, I'm going to tell you everything I can see. And if you made the comment about the Quincy situation, if we need to segue, we can segue. In the emporium, I see home decor. I see ears. I see headwear, which you can wear. I see accessories, which is bags. Very talks. No bags. I see candy, but candi is not personable to me. Um, there's just a lot of clothes. There's so many clothes. There's pins. There's slap bracelets, which I would say you could wear, and toys. Thank you so much. Like, I don't think I've not I've um not mentioned everything in here, at least in some, you know, some bearing debris, like sunscreen. Um, is it something, this was a question asked earlier that was like genius. Is it something that can run out? So, like sunscreen, candy, water bottles, pens, like something that will eventually have an end to life, if you use it all. Okay. No. Okay. Then that I honestly think takes everything out. Um, should I involve any of the signs like Tiana Bay adventure signs? Yes. Okay, I'm just going to take a picture. Oh, really? Put the T by you adventure sign. Uh, nope. That's not That's a very nice picture of you. Ah, okay. We are going to switch the task a little bit because you found We're going to say you did it. I did it. You found a keychain. You found a keychain with the letter E on it. We were looking for your full name, but she said an E will count. Oh my lord. Do they because I don't think there's I don't think there's anything that says Emma. I have not names. I asked her about it before the round started. She's like, "Yeah, we'll keep changing their thing." I said, "Okay, great. Emporium, but I don't think those exist." I don't I They did it one time. I don't think that's a thing at the current time. At least not in the Emporium. Okay, so she said it'll count. The E. Okay, I'll take the E. I'm so sorry for this time. Okay, let me go find a place to park and then it's your go. Um, okay. Uh, I'm going to I'm going to say you've done it here, Sage. The uh most recent picture you sent me is a photo of you with the height requirement sign. It's just the photo happens to only contain the notches of the height requirement sign, but that is technically the height requirement sign. So, I'm going to give that one to you. I Okay, somebody's Is that somebody's stroller parked there? Like there's something conveniently blocking the the thing that says hide the height requirement. But that Oh, that's No, they have they have a cover over it. They have a cover over it. Yeah, they have a brown cover over it over the height requirements. I'm so I'm I'll send you the actual um Yeah, but there's there's a full cover over it. Can you ask them why? I'm curious why it's covered. Okay, I think I'm ready. Okay. Should I stay in Liberty Square? No. I've been to Liberty Square, Fantasy Seand, and Tomorrowland. Should I go to a land that I haven't been in yet today? No. Oh, okay. Should I go back to Fantasy Land? Yes. All right. My camera is like This is like terrible. I don't even know where to go right now. I'm walking towards you actually. The gazebo. Should I ride an attraction? No. No. Okay. I've already eaten something, so I don't think that that's it. Should I stay in Tomorrowland? Uh, no. Don't stay in Tomorrowland. Okay. Um, should I go to a land based on a real place or time? Uh, no. Okay. And not Tomorrowland. That's good. I was worried. Sometimes I worry if you do those questions in the wrong order, you waste a question. Like if you do the spec Yeah. Um, okay. So, that means uh Fantasy Land or Adventure Land. I was just No, I wasn't in Adventure Land. You were in Advent. This is confusing. Um, should I go to Adventure Land? No. Okay. Um, that means Fantasy Land. Um, probably. I am not going to ask that as a confirmation just because I am so sure. And also, it should become pretty clear in my next question or two whether or not I'm right. Uh, should I go to Storybook Circus? Um, no. Okay. Um, should I go to Um, if we're considering I'm I'm considering I'm going to use the term new fantasy land to mean anything uh anything from Seven Dwarfs Mine Teen back. Yep. Um, so should I go to New Fantasy Land? No, you should not. No. Okay. Well, now I don't technically have the confirmation that it's Fantasy Land. I was hoping one of those would be a yes cuz if it's old fantasy land, but if it's not, I feel like it is. Here's what I'm going to ask. Should I should I go somewhere in the AC in old fantasy land? Uh, no. Like that sage, can you say yes to one of my questions, please? Okay. Um, I like me. I need to confirm where I'm going to go insane. Should I go somewhere not in the AC in old fantasy land? Yes. Okay, thank goodness. I just needed that for my sanity. Okay, we only have Oh my gosh. We only have 10 minutes left until the entire thing is over. We've got We've got to do this. Get ready. Get ready. All right. Should I go? I'm not in the AC. I'm in Old Fantasy Land. Should I ride something? Uh, no. Okay, great. That's good for our time. Um, should I go somewhere that sells something? No. Okay. Outside. Should I interact with a theming element of some kind? Interact. Do something involving. Um, no. Okay. No. That's 10 questions. I need you to find a hidden Mickey. You got it, Bub. Do I need to go indoors? No. No. Outside. Okay. Do I need to meet my character? No. No. I'm not writing an attraction. I'm outside. Hey. And there's a spot. Am I showing off a detail? I would say no. I'm going to say no. Am I pulling the sword from the stone? No. Dang it. That's eight, by the way. I know. It's okay. I already I'm I'm standing next to a Mickey that I can quickly point out. I appreciate that. I really do. Um, am I doing something physical that is something other than my mouth? Yes. Oh, boy. Okay. Am I dancing? No, that was 10, by the way. Now, that was 10. Okay. Well, I can show you right here in this sign in Sir Mickey's. There's a hidden Mickey right there. Gorgeous. Gorgeous. Done. Love it. We love to see it. Am I making a wish? No. Wish. That'd be very nice. You said I'm Oh, it's outside. No. Yeah. Sorry. I thought you couldn't hear my response. Doing something physical with my body. Can this be done anywhere in Fantasy Land? No. No. So, it's specific. Is it in the front like with old Fantasy Land area? No. No, it's in the back. All right. Okay. Uh I'm walking over there. I'm going to start telling you about it. When you are coming out of the inside portion of Snowdor's Mroom, when you're coming out of the mine, uh there are some pillars that hold up the exit to the mine at the top of the hill that you're about to go down. If you look to your left, right, one side of the pillars, there is a hidden Mickey. um sort of like hidden in the pillar. Very hard to see because you are typically moving fast when you pass it. Easiest to catch if you're in the front of the ride train. I'm outside of your line train. That's my hidden Mickey. Okay, next question. Um should I do I need to be standing somewhere or do I need to be somewhere specific? Yes. Okay. Um, in Old Fantasy Land, if I am standing uh at the carousel facing the castle, do I need to go to my right towards Peter Pan? Yes. Okay. Um, if I am over there, which allegedly I will be momentarily, and I am standing facing away from the castle in the center of the street, do I need to be somewhere on my left on the Peter Pan side? on the Peter Pan side. Yes. Yes. Okay. Um do um outside on the Peter Pan side. Should I do something in How many questions I got? Only like three, right? Um should I do something involving uh Peter Pan? Yes. Okay. I can't be ride it. Can you get me a lightning link for Peter Pan? Um I can't rewrite it because we'd be through. Um, there is the the Wait, I see. Uh, should do I need to do something in the queue for Peter Pan? No. Frank Neverland map? No. Do I need to meet Peter Pan or a character from Peter Pan? No. How many questions will I have? You're going to have seven questions. Do I need to take a photo? No. Do I need to physically do something outside of Peter Paint? Uh um like with my body. With your body. Not just say not just trying to say something outside of Peter Pan. Yes. Or saying something vocally. Um Okay. Um and that is 10 questions. So you can but you can say something and try it or I'm going to I'm going to try something and it's just going to be to say oh no I should say a quote from the ride just in case. Um um okay. Uh and we're off to Neverland. That's my Peter Pan quote. He says it in the ride. I wanted to say blast you Peter Pan, but I couldn't because that's not in the ride and I was worried I wasn't recovering enough stones. Does that do anything for you? Uh I No, I'm unfortunately I'm sorry. Um, you got to find a hidden Mickey. Uh, but you're doing great. You're you're obviously on the right track. Is it in the Beauty and the Beast area? No. Oh. Is it in Storybook Circus? Yes. Yes. All right. How many questions is that? That was five. Five. Okay. Am I smelling an elephant? Yes. Nam. Do I need to find every elephant? No. No. Okay. Do I need to smell a specific elephant? Yes, you do need to smell a specific elephant. Ooh. Okay. Hidden detail. Uh, hidden Nikki on the Mime's lips. You went back across the street to Peter Pan. Um, okay. We're so close. Should I quote something from Peter Pan? No. Okay. Should I sing something from Peter Pan? No. I'm saying something. I'm saying something. So, is the thing I have to say something to do with Peter Pan? The movie? The movie? Um, no. No, not necessarily. Okay. Um, do I need to say something that has to do with the attraction? Um, I hold on. I think I'm going to re resend my answer. And I think you Yes, you are saying something about the movie. Okay. Do I need to um say do I need to say do I need to say something about my feelings about the movie? Yes, you do. Okay. Okay. Um I So I recently rewatched Peter Pan. I hadn't seen it in probably decades. Um maybe not decades, but maybe decades. I think that this All I need her to do is talk about Captain Hook and the fact that she was in love with him. That's all I need her to do. I'm by the snow cone one. Okay. I will just yell if you do it. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm by the snow cone. Smell the snow cone. I'm by the popcorn. Smells like popcorn. Popcorn. Okay. I had so much fun. I literally laughed out loud a couple of times and I texted Emma quotes that like Captain Hook was saying that were making me laugh so hard. This other one I can't tell what it is. I don't know if it's the corn. It's brown and red. Brown and red. Oh, is it the chocolate dipped strawberry? Oh, no. It's a corn dog. Oh, the corn dog. Oh, I know. It's got a It's got a sticker on it. So, it's got the corn dog. Smell the corn dog. I love this movie so much. It's probably one of my favorite animated Disney movies after rewatch. you haven't seen it in years and I remember you being kind of mad on it. I give it a rewatch. That's my review of Peter Pan. Uhhuh. And it's I would say like a a nine out of 10. Um they really went off with this one. Um what could I be what can you say? Okay. Now I'm at lemonade. I smell lemonade. Okay. Um, beautiful art style. Uh, stage, you've won ultimate game master today. Uh, yeah. Um, in a very, very close race between all four of us who were so close together. But, Sage, you won your prize. You get to do the outro. Oh, fantastic. Now that I have your attention. the camera. Hey, if you're still here, like this video and don't forget to drop this secret phrase in the comments. That way, we know you made it this far. Also, subscribe for more videos of secrets, games, tricks, crazy things, dance moves like this, cuz we drop content like this all week long. Why? Because we're serious about fun. Bye.
