---
video_id: jqRA8gu97KY
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Outdated Disney World Advice You're Still Using"
published: 2026-03-26
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqRA8gu97KY
---
There is a lot of Disney advice out there, but that does not mean you should be listening to all of it. If you are planning a Disney World trip in 2026, this is all of the outdated advice you should stop using, please. Number one, waiting until nighttime to ride major attractions. This used to be solid advice when standby lines dropped dramatically after fireworks. Now, that's not always true. With lightning lanes, extended evening hours, and smarter crowd flow, weight times don't consistently crash at night anymore, especially for headliner attractions or rides that are better at nighttime like Tron Light Cycle Run, Guardians of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind, and Slinky Dog Dash. Extended evening hours for deluxe resort guests can mean that lines do not plummet the last thing at night. So, getting in line for something 1 minute before a park close with a 60-minute wait time may actually be 60 minutes, not a walk-on like you may think. This is your reminder to check park hours to know when extended evening hours are because they're not every day and they're not at every park all the time. Sometimes the lowest weights are actually during parades, fireworks, or traditional dinner time. So, just check the hours. Number two, you have to purchase Lightning Lane every day. Wrong. crowd levels, the time of year, and your ride priorities matter way more than a blanket statement. For example, we used to always say that Lightning Lane is not worth it in Epcot. But with the recent opening of Test Track 3.0 and the renovations on Rey's Ratatouille Adventure and Frozen Ever After, Lightning Lane can be super helpful if you want to knock out multiple of those tier 1 attractions. However, if you're just there for the festivals and the atmosphere, save your money. Also adding on to this point, Animal Kingdom not worth it to buy Lightning Lane right now because half of the park is under construction. Where you're going to get the most bang for your buck out of Lightning Lane is with Magic Kingdom and Hollywood Studios. That still has not changed, especially in 2026. Number three, you have to park hop. Wrong. It is so tempting to purchase park hopper tickets because we want to see it all, but it's not always worth it for every family. You're easily wasting transportation time. Moving between parks can easily eat up 60 to 90 minutes of your day that you're just sitting on a bus or a Skyliner or a Montreal, which I love, but not if I've paid for a park hopper ticket. It can also give you more stress. Trying to rush from one park to another just to make a reservation or a Lightning Lane window can make your vacation feel like a chore, and that's not what we want. In 2026, with so much construction and openings, sometimes slowing down and taking it park by park each day is the way to go. Four, you need to maximize every single minute and second of your trip. Wrong. Disney is not a competitive sport. Although we sometimes here at Oers make it look that way, it is not a competitive sport. If you try to go 100% from 7:00 a.m. to midnight, you will burn out by day 3 or 2 or 1. The crowds and the heat typically peak between 12 pm and 4 pm. That is prime time for a refreshing dip in the pool, a muchneeded nap, resort exploring indoors in the AC, or a long, slow, relaxing lunch in the AC. Take your breaks. Then come back to the parks refreshed while everyone else is getting cranky from exhaustion and heat. You'll see this tip a lot in our perfect day videos. We think that the perfect day in Disney World, you're go- go going in the morning with rope drop. you're getting a lot of things done, a lot of rides, a lot of shows. Then in the middle of the day, that's when maybe you have a table service reservation for lunch. Maybe that's when you do all the indoor shows to get out of the sun. Maybe you go back to your resort for pool time or nap time. And then after taking a nice relaxing break, getting back to the hustle and bustle of a Disney World park day in the evening after the sun goes down. Do not think you have to go 0 to 100 the whole entire day. You don't have to, cuz it's your trip and you can do it however you want to. Move. This one's a little controversial. You have to do everything with your family. Wrong. We all love our families, but let's be real, not everyone has the same priorities. Trying to force a teenager who wants thrills to sit through three character meals in a row is a recipe for a meltdown or an argument. Remember, this is everyone's vacation, not just moms, not just kids, not just dads, not just grandmas. It's everybody's vacation. So, splitting up for a few hours can honestly save everyone's sanity. Let the thrillsekers head to Expedition Everest while the others grab a snack and shop at the emporium. It's totally fine. You don't even have to go to the same park. If you don't want to, do whatever you want. That way, you'll have way more to talk about when you meet back up for dinner. You have to rope drop. Wrong. Rope drop is great for getting one to two big rides out of the way early, maybe three. But it's not the only way to start a Disney park day. Not everyone is a morning person. Many people are night owls, including some on our team. So, it's very hard to get them up and ready to go at rope drop for a whole theme park day. Trust me, she gets ready in 3 minutes and then we're out the door still on time. If forcing your kids out of bed at 6:00 a.m. makes them miserable, the short wait for Seven Door Sine Train isn't worth it. Also, this is a vacation, so some people don't want to get up at 6:00 a.m. on vacation. I usually don't. Just choose a strategy that matches your family, not someone else's. Planning a Disney trip and already feeling overwhelmed? dining reservations, lightning lanes, park hopping. It's a lot. That's why we made a free Disney crash course to walk you through when to book what, where it's worth spending a little extra, and how to skip the worst lines. And the best part, it's delivered straight to your inbox, and it's free. Just scan the QR code you see on your screen right now, or head to allers.net/plants on another device to grab a copy for yourself. Oo. Ooh, we're getting we're getting a little spicy with this one. Ohana is the best meal on property. Now listen, listen, listen before you yell at me in the comments. Ohana is great. It's really, really good. But honestly, it can often be overhyped. And I think maybe a few years ago, that statement would have been really controversial, but I think people are starting to realize that that that is true. Okay, hear me out. Ohana is very expensive. It's hard to book and the service can feel a little bit rushed because it's so popular and they're trying to get so many people in and out of that restaurant every single day. Like anything, best is subjective. You could really think it is the best restaurant on property and in your mind you would be right. And I could say that it's not. In my head, I'm right. In general, sometimes the most hyped restaurants in Disney World are just that. They're hyped. There are incredible under the radar meals across all of Disney World property that don't require 60-day alarms and stress. For example, we've said all of these restaurants so many times on the channel, but we're going to keep saying them. Skipper Canteen in Magic Kingdom, Spice Road Table in Epcot, Steakhouse 71 at the Contemporary Resort. There are so many. Please, please just go look at our restaurant playlist here on the channel. We have reviews of almost every single restaurant. In Disney World, Quincy is very close to eating at every single restaurant. So, check them all out. At the end of the day, you need to choose restaurants based on your party's preferences. Our least favorite may be your absolute favorite, and that is okay. To help everybody out in the comments, please tell me what your favorite restaurant is and why. And if you have a favorite restaurant that isn't a crowd favorite, that's what I especially want to know. So, let us know down in the comments. Help other people plan their vacation. And while we're on the subject of Disney dining, next outdated advice, the dining plan will always save you money. Probably the most wrong statement in this video. Wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong. It really depends on this one. The Disney dining plan works best if you order the most expensive item on the menu every time you eat. You have to get the most expensive item. You prioritize character dining because those are the most expensive restaurants. And if you love desserts, appetizers not included. You really have to strategize when it comes to the Disney dining plan. If you are trying to break even and get your money's worth out of the plan, honestly, most people aren't going to do that. Most people think, "Oh, it's convenient. I don't have to worry about it. I'm paying for it ahead of time. For lighter eaters, it often costs a lot more and ends up not being worth it because you're not getting your money's worth. They're going to charge you way more cuz you're paying ahead of time than you would just paying out of pocket when you're there at Disney World. On a note, for 2026, kids aged 3 to 9 get a free dining plan when you purchase dining plan for adults with your vacation package. So, if you've got kiddos, that would be a reason to get the dining plan because they're going to eat for free. You don't have to pay for them. So, in instances like that, it is worth it. But, if there's not a deal going on like that, it's not going to save you money. Okay? It's not going to save you money. It's 2026. We're all balling on a budget, okay? It's expensive. And even with discounts and deals, even with all of that, it still might not be a right fit for your family because you might not want to do a table service restaurant every single day of your vacation. Okay? You might just want to grab a quick little snack on the go while you wait in line for rides. So, it all depends on you and your family and your preferences and what kind of vacation you want to have. Oh my goodness. I know you've heard this before from maybe your aunt Marilyn, grandma or cousin or whoever, your coworker. Wait until the kids are older. They'll remember it. Wrong. Wrong. This one is so sad and it breaks my heart because while your 2-year-old might not remember hugging Mickey for the first time. You will never forget that. You will never forget that. And I will never forget that when I see it on my Tik Tok feed and I start to cry cuz it happens literally every day on my Tik Tok feed. And it's just the cutest little reaction you've ever seen. And it's usually a little baby and they're dressed like Cinderella and they're meeting Cinderella for the first time and they're all giggly and happy. Oh my god, I've started. You're gonna remember that. You're going to remember that forever. And now in the world of 2026 with digital cameras and digital phones, you're going to have it on video and you're going to play it for them whenever they become old enough to do the Disney College Program. And then your your daughter's friends with Cinderella and it's just going to be so sweet and full circle and Yeah. Yeah. So, even if everyone says that you're taking your kids when they're too young, don't listen to them. Don't Don't listen to them. Also, kids under three get into Disney for free. So, take advantage of that while you can, cuz why not? Why would you not? You will create so many memories that will stay with you for years to come. And that is the real magic of Disney. You know what? Disney Vacation, you can just wing it. Wrong. completely completely wrong. In 2012, yeah, sure. Uh 2019 even. Yeah, sure. Maybe. But now, no. Don't. No. Mm-m. Now, with the complexity of the Lightning Lane system, dining reservations, 60 days in advance, walk up weight lists for others, tons of extra things. So, some level of planning, even the very basic level of planning, makes a huge difference in your Disney World vacation. Now, by no means do you need a 40 tab spreadsheet. Am I making one for when me and my friends go to Disney World? Yes. But that's because I am who I am. Okay? You don't have to do that. If you're watching this video, you probably are a little bit like me. Maybe that does sound fun to you. So, if you want to make a spreadsheet, go for it. You do need at least a loose strategy and plan. But again, if you're watching this video, you're already on the right track because you are already planning the very very beginning's a thought of a plan and you're already watching our videos, so you know how Lightning Lane works. You you know which restaurants you're interested in and want to try and you know you're going to get up early 60 days before your vacation to book those. So even just very basic little bit of ride strategy, a little bit of restaurant strategy, just even the slightest bit is going to be very helpful and necessary in 2026. Basically, all that to say is don't listen to other people's advice and listen to ours instead because we really do want to help you here at All Ears. So, if you made it this far in the video, be sure to drop this secret code in the comments so we know that you stayed and watched the whole thing. Be sure to like and subscribe. We post games, tips, reviews, challenges from Disney World and all around the world because we are serious about fun. Thanks for watching and we'll see you next time.
