---
video_id: ejj8HR40yJM
channel: AllEars.net
title: "DISNEY WORLD VOCABULARY 101"
published: 2026-02-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejj8HR40yJM
---
It's helpful to know a bit of the Disney vocabulary so that Disney language doesn't start to sound like an entirely different language. Cast member is a Disney employee. My Disney Experience is the Disney World app that you can download for free to help manage your plans, make reservations, and make changes in the park, even mobile order. Very necessary. Lightning Lane Multipass is Disney's paid skip the line service that lets you access Lightning Lanes that skip the standby line. Lightning Lane Single Pass is a different version of the system that lets you access some of the most popular rides in Disney World that aren't included in Multipass. Lightning Lane Premier Pass is yet another version of this system that is extremely expensive, but lets you access Lightning Lanes without dealing with the timed reservation system you have to use with the other two. VQs or virtual cues. Currently, Disney doesn't have any virtual cues, but when they are in action, they are a special line that you have to join using the My Disney Experience app to be able to return to an attraction with a return time. ADRs means advanced dining reservations or reservations for dining that you make in advance. Pretty easy, kind of like when you go on Open Table. Quick service is a walk up food counter, so like a counter service restaurant. Table service is sitdown dining that oftentimes needs a reservation. And Magic Band is a special bracelet that helps you access different experiences around Disney World. Both interactive, fun ones and practical ones like scanning your ticket or getting into your hotel room. These are not a mandatory purchase, but if you want one, they are helpful to
