---
video_id: zGo-eOAI4DU
channel: AllEars.net
title: "The Midday Disney Crash is NO JOKE"
published: 2026-02-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGo-eOAI4DU
---
The midday crash is no joke. Adults will experience it. Kids will experience it. It's going to happen. Plan for it. Between roughly 2 and 4 p.m., this is when the crowds are really at the worst. The heat is at its highest. This is a great time to go ahead and plan for those midday breaks. A break can mean different things to different people. Sometimes that means going back to your resort for a long nap. Sometimes that means going and laying by the pool for a while. Sometimes that even means just finding a quiet spot to sit in the shade for an hour or two. If you don't want to leave the parks, this can kind of be a good time to find that quiet spot or maybe even go and find something that's a little bit more lowkey, [clears throat] maybe a show or a long line that's indoors for a popular attraction. So things like Peter Pan's flight. Nobody really loves waiting in a long line, but if you just need to get out of the sun and heat and crowds for a decent chunk of time, sometimes lines can provide that. I know I've used that as a way to feel like I'm not wasting time, but definitely give myself a mental break. I actually have a spot in every single Disney park that I can go and grab a little shutye in a nice airond conditioned place or even just a nice place to sit down and like I said, take a mental break. So, in Magic Kingdom, I love doing the Carousel of Progress twice once to watch it and enjoy it and a second time to take a nap or even just disassociate on my phone and air conditioning. In Epcot, it's American Adventure all the way for the exact same things. Although I typically only do it once, as good of a show as it is, I don't really think it's a necessity. It's more of a rest and relaxation spot for me. In Hollywood Studios, it used to be Star Wars Launch Bay. Now, my new spot, One Man's Dream, inside Walt Disney Presents. Finally, for Animal Kingdom, I love going to the Big Blue and Beyond, which is the Finding Nemo musical. This could be considered in the Twice category if you need that long of a break, but it's just a good place to again sit and decompress. You also can go to a resort nearby. It doesn't have to be your resort, but a lot of times Magic Kingdom, we love to get on the Montreal and go chill at a lounge for a while. There are a lot of options.
