---
video_id: LPm7C0PYe4g
channel: AllEars.net
title: "I USED TO HATE MEETING DISNEY CHARACTERS 👎🚫"
published: 2026-02-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPm7C0PYe4g
---
I hated meeting Disney characters until I found this. Whether you're going to Disney for the first time ever or you're an annual passholder that freezes up every time you see a Disney character, don't worry, I've got you. I've got a simple, stressfree three-step process to meeting a Disney character. Step number one, introduce yourself. Names are going to be the first thing that puts everyone on the same playing field. You know their name and now they know your name. So, now you're able to interact and it's a little more personal. Now, step number two, come up with some simple yes or no questions. They could be story driven. They could be about your park day. Something simple for a princess to answer who can take what you gave them and create their own story, which they typically do, or a simple yes or no question for a character that, well, doesn't speak. This is a very great, easy way to interact to say something like, "Hey, have you seen Pascal today?" Rapunzel can easily build upon that story. "Hey, Minnie, is that a new dress?" She can communicate in ways that will actually give you the response you're asking for. Yes or no or look at my fancy dress. You get it? The questions don't have to be difficult. Just while you're waiting in line, come up with some easy yes or no questions. Very simple. And step number three, when you think the interaction has come to an end and you're ready to wrap it up, all you have to do is say, "Hey, can we take a picture?" That is both a great cue for the character or for the photo pass person to go, "Okay, great. This is the end of the interaction. Let's take a picture. We'll say one final goodbye and leave. Pictures tend to be the end of a character interaction. So, for you to initiate that makes their job even easier. So, again, number one, introduce yourself. Number two, come up with some simple yes or no questions that are easy for the characters to answer. Number three, if you're ready to wrap it up, just ask for a picture or a portrait or a hollow scan, depending on where you are in Disney World. Head to the link in our bio to watch my extreme character challenge up on the channel right now. and drop a comment with how many characters you think I met on that extreme Disney World character challenge.
