---
video_id: T6cVxc7ztbs
channel: AllEars.net
title: "I’VE BEEN ON EVERY CRUISE SHIP 🚢 🐭🎉"
published: 2026-02-18
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T6cVxc7ztbs
---
I'm in on every single Disney cruise ship, and now I'm ranking them all once and for all. In last place, Disney Wonder. The Wonder is great, and honestly, it's had some pretty great refurbishments as well. It just doesn't have the pizzazz of the newer ships. My number six pick, the Disney Magic. This is the original Disney cruise ship, and the refurbishment has introduced a Rapunzel restaurant, which is so much fun because Rapunzel and Flynn are there, the Snuggly Duckling Thugs are there. So, that honestly pushes this one a little bit further ahead. In fifth place, The Wish. The Wish is a really beautiful ship and it's the first of the new class. It's a controversial one and honestly the reason it ranks so low is more because I'm just trying to be fair to like everybody else saying that the Wish isn't as good. I really enjoyed The Wish. It's just the layout of the Wish class ships is a little clunky and the Wish really bore the brunt of it because they hadn't figured out how to navigate that layout just yet. Fourth, the Dream. It is the most popular class of Disney ships. The layout of this ship really rocks. It is a big ship, but it's not super big. And the layout makes it so the crowd flow works pretty well. The best part is that the adults only area of these ships is sort of away from everything else. So when that becomes adults only in the night and becomes like a nightclub district, it really kind of feels like a little adults only district. Also, the aqueduct, the slide that is on the Dream and the Fantasy. Oh, such a good slide. In third place, the Disney Destiny. This is the newest ship. It is that wish class. It has the layout challenges. It is a really cool ship. And honestly, the reason it's so high on this list is because it has the best entertainment. It is heroes and villains themed. It feels like the villains really live there. And there's like storytellers that are telling stories. It's also got the Haunted Mansion parlor. It's got Doctor Strange bar. I just think that the Marvel elements of the ship do take it a little bit out of that like super Disneyified space. Fantasy Sister Ship to the Dream is in second place. This one is one of my favorite ships, but I also think I feel that way just because it has long itineraries. That said, the real reason this pushes past the dream for me is that adults only area has a traveling Europe theme. It's not adults only all day. So like kids can go in this area at night and see this like traveling Europe theme. So each bar is a different area of Europe. It's really cool. Even though this doesn't have as much like Disney going as the newer ships or the refurbished older ships. It's just an all-around great cruise ship and that's why it's so popular for a lot of people and me. I am people. But our winner, Disney Treasure, this ship is winning a lot on aesthetics. She's pretty. It just has this like adventure vibe. That's the theme of the ship is adventure. But I just love how like rich and detailed the ship is. Plus all of the lounges on board that are family-friendly parts of the day, adults only part of the day are Disney parks themed. So you've got Jungle Cruise, Skipper Society, 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea Bar, the original Haunted Mansion parlor. I think it has the best rotational dining. I love all of these ships, but I think the Treasure is my winner. Argue with me though. It's okay if you don't agree. Let me know in the comments where I'm wrong, especially because you might help somebody else pick out their cruise if they might agree more with you than with me. So, get in the comments and tell me your opinions because uh it's a hard decision.
