---
video_id: bTMGDPa1FhY
channel: AllEars.net
title: "We Tried The Disney World Monorail Crawl"
published: 2026-02-13
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bTMGDPa1FhY
---
We are doing a Montreal crawl through all of the Montreal resorts to visit some of the top destinations for eating, drinking, and having a good time, hopping around the hotel, seeing the theming. Are you guys excited? I'm so excited. Along the way, we're going to show you some tips and tricks to showing up to some of these spots without any plan at all. In case you want an evening, kind of impromptu in Disney World that's a lot of fun. We're going to show you. Starts now. No one else is in our car. It's It's good that you know that. Woo Bar and Grill is Polynesian's newest uh table service restaurant. Because this is just a bar call, we decided against uh getting an actual reservation uh because then we'd have to sit down. We'd have to have a full meal. But there's kind of a lounge area. It is a first come, first serve. uh not just the bar, but also all the uh couches around the bar. If you're kind of on the go, you just want to take a drink to go, there is a walk up service counter as well. And that is what we did. We found this lovely area over here that we're going to drink our drinks uh and and gab and talk about what we like in life. So, shall we? Isn't this fun, Emma? It's just you, me, hanging out like friends again. Oh. Um I'll start. I got the banana old-fashioned which is whiskey creme to banana creme to see what in addition to creme to banana. Oh, there's rum in here as well. All spice laor and bitters. I'll be honest, it's not the first time I've had this drink. No. And I like it. It's It's essentially an oldfashioned with like a a sprinkle of banana flavoring. Uh but it's pretty good and I like it. Uh, if you're an oldfashioned drinker, maybe a tropical oldfashioned drinker, this is great for you. I got the passion fruit and pineapple daquiri. It is white rum, minuteade, passion fruit, orange, guava juice, pineapple, and lime. So, it's a little Pog type drink. This is nice. It's mostly I mean, it tastes like Pog juice. I can taste a little bit of the alcohol, but it's nothing too strong for me, which is really good. I would prefer to drink more of the juice, but this one is very tropical. I saw that it was Pog Juice related. I felt like I had to get it because we're Polynesian and I love Pog Juice. So, this is great. I'm having the Kalúa strawberry sake. It's wild flour, Junai. Junmai sake kari um botanical liquor and wild strawberry. They did warn me when I ordered it that it was bitter. I think it tastes a little bit like Robbitasen, but it's not as bitter as I thought it would be. It still has like a nice um artificial strawberry flavor. It's not too sickly sweet, though, and I actually really enjoy this. I think it's going to be a nice balance between someone who wants something very bitter and something slightly sweet. It's not going to be as sugary as I anticipated, but they warned me before I ordered it, so I'm sure that they have that expectation, especially when it's something fruity and strawberry. I really, really like it, but I can definitely see how maybe someone would think it reminds them of medicine, but that's not I'm not knocking it. I genuinely like it. Hey, I am by my own choice filling the beer roll tonight where I'm going to try the most interesting beer each spot. I did beg, but luckily everyone else here doesn't really like beer. You really wanted this beer. I really wanted this beer and all the other beers. This is the Terrapin Luau Crunkles Passion Orange Guava IPA. IPA. Um, it is a Pog IPA. That means Pog is a very popular juice that you can find at Disney World. Um, that is like a very popular juice in Hawaii, but they have it around Disney World. Pog juice, very popular. So, I've gone for the beer that is supposed to taste like it. And it doesn't taste anything like Pog. It has a um like a fruity aftertaste, like a whisper of there is fruit here in the in the flavor of the beer, but it's mostly kind of just like a hoppy, more basic. I would say West Coast style IPA. So, it is a tasty beer. I don't know that it'll be my winner tonight, but right now it's in first place. Okay, so I got the iced hibiscus tea. Has a nice hibiscus flour on there. So, this is pretty good. It's very sweet and it's tea forward. If you're really adverse to tea, you will not like this cuz you can definitely taste that tea. But the hibiscus kind of cuts it out. So, it is pretty good. I do not like tea and it's not too big of a deal for me. But it is very sweet. If you do not like tea, I would say probably stay away from this one as well as if you do not like sweet things because it's both of those. It's a good non-alcoholic option. I do not. It's not for me, but it is very sweet. So, if you don't like sweet, do a front flip. Oh, nice. You guys should all be really jealous that we get solo performances from Orlando performer Sage Starky on the regular Orlando professional, actor, singer, extraordinaire. Guys, we've only had one train London is already gone. She's already out. We've lost her. Whoever wins gets to decide where we go next. Okay. Exciting. Rock, paper, scissors. Shoot. Bam. Bam. Okay. Em down. Now it's just the two of you. Rock, paper, scissors. Shoot. Bam. Okay. Don't put this pressure on me. S. I'll pick by the time we get there. Yeah. We said this was a Montreal crawl. It's supposed to be, but instead we're walking because really island Tower is kind of dead center between Polynesian and the Grand Fian. And technically, it take us just as long to walk back to the Montreal to get over there. So, we're just going to walk this time. But if you don't want to, or if you're at um Trader Sam's or any of the bars over the Pali, you can catch the Montreal. But look, we're already here. All right. Well, we're here. This is the Grand Fidian. This is Disney's flagship resort, even though it technically was not an opening day resort. Um, this is one of Disney's nicest hotels. It's kind of the fanciest for a lot of people and easily the most expensive. There's a lot of good dining here, but there's also some fun bars that we're going to check out. I was just going to say a new one that Emma and I have not seen yet. Yeah. So, because Emma won rock paper scissors, she chose the Perch as opposed to I think maybe the Enchanted Rose was the other is the other easier one we would typically go to. The Perch is basically the brand new lobby bar. And I do mean brand new. I mean, it's only been open for what, a couple months. Brand new lobby bar. It is inspired by obviously a bird cage. Uh, but like the real bird. It was a real bird cage with a bird that used to be in the Grand Fian. So, it's got some historical uh inspirations in there. Disney history. A limited bar. Yes. But you could get kind of the essentials like a if you wanted a whiskey and Coke or something like that. But they actually they only offer what is on that menu. They don't even have whiskey behind that bar. But they do have all this nice seating in the Grand Fian lounge. Now, uh occasionally uh you can be served at the table if there are uh servers around, but for the most part, it's you go to the the uh for the most part it's you go to the perch, you grab what you want, you come back to the table, and uh you enjoy your time, and that's where we are now. Now, we're going to enjoy our time. Quinty had to take a phone call. So, we're going to cheers. Sounds like maybe we'll second cheers later. 3 2 1. Cheers. I got the rosé, but they were out of the sparkling, so it's just root rosé. What about you? What did you get? I got the flidian 75. I got the rosemary cooler, which is the non-alcoholic option, and it's minute lemonade, vanilla, and rosemary. Uh, I got the coffee rumazzarak. It's Siesta Key coffee rum, absin, bitters, and lemon essence. Absin and rum. I've never had together, so that's wild. And then Quincy got a beer. What did she get? The beach blonde. The beach blonde. Quincy got the beach blonde. A tail. Put a red wig on me and call me Quincy. That's really That was a wild experience. Should I try it? I think you should. The wild experience, right? There was like flavor after flavor after flavor. I don't dislike. You cannot make me form an opinion. Yeah, I think this is as good as it's going to get. I really like it. I have never thought about what absent and coffee would taste together. I'm not teasing him because it's coffee or which is coffee. It's coffee rapport. Sit with it for a second. It'll it'll get better. I think this is very good. It is certainly unique. So, this is the rosemary cooler. I will say the name it's misleading cuz there's no rosemary besides this rosemary leaf in it. I think if you stirred the leaf into it, you might taste a little bit of rosemary, but it's really just lemonade with a hint of vanilla. Now, the vanilla is not making it sweeter because the lemonade is so tart. The vanilla actually elevates it. Um, I think it's pretty good. It's definitely something for people who like lemonade. If you don't like lemonade, definitely do not get this because it's mostly lemonade. But it is a good non-acclock option. Um, okay. And I've got I picked the first beer on the menu. None of the beers here seem particularly that interesting, but this is the Three Daughters Beach Blondale from Petersburg, Florida. St. Petersburg, Florida. They do serve it in a very nice beer glass and it has good flavor. This is a very light beer. Um, as expected as a blonde ale. Uh, super easy drinking. I would say refreshing, but it still has a nice flavor to it. I'm tasting a very, very little bit of citrus. Not as fruity as the last one and certainly not as hoppy. So there's not as much like bitterness on the back end of it. Yeah, I like this. I think this is a crowd-pleasing beer. I think almost anybody could get this and they would like it. Rosé, light, sweet, sippable, not um blow to your mind rosé, but it's also not a screw top cuz I watched her open it, which is exciting. So a little bit nicer than some that you're going to find. Also, sometimes around Disney World they will have boxed wine and it wasn't that so I can appreciate it. So, I did get the Flidian 75, which is Ford's gin, Florida citrus, cordial, cordial, cordial, lemon topped with champagne. She's taking a sip for a drink slowly, supply, deliciously. Oh, she seems pleased, but is she on the fence? She's thinking, but you know, at the end of the day, she loves it. It's light. It's refreshing. And it's really citrusy. For all seriousness, this is good. It's light, refreshing, very much lemon forward, but I think it's mostly champagne forward. So, if you don't like champagne, you probably won't like this. Um, but it's nice to to slowly sip on, and I feel fancy. Okay, BTS, we're making um a real for social media. Ready? Okay, hold on. I have to get in a spot where I don't move my hands. Someone put the trick on my hand. Someone help. Someone put the drink on my hand. Oh. Oh, can't move. I feel like you want that. I thought he was doing a hit. I like it. I like it. Follow us on Instagram. I was on Instagram. You are so bad at basketball. You're terrible. B. So, this is just us behind the scenes. I have had We have been on a sugar high all day. You're good. Hey. Hey. Okay. We're taking them all to play guitar. Oh, Guitar. Guitar Hero. To play guitar. Yes. Okay. And this time we are actually getting on the Montreal. We're not going to walk. We're going to Montreal to the Contemporary cuz that's the easier thing to do. All right, and we've made it to Stick House 71. We're going to see if we can sit at the bar. I really would love a burger. He won't. Safety talk. We talk about this every single time. Obviously, around Disney World, you can get free transportation. Do not drink and drive. Know your limits. We are also getting food here at Steakhouse 71. We all have waters. Um, please just take care of yourself. Our general rule is a water at every stop, a food at every other stop. Yes. And um Quincy is not drinking an alcoholic beverage here. She is going to drive us home. We are completely safe. Also, he's Ubering. Just be respectful of other people. They are here on vacation. You are probably also on vacation and you want to have a little fun. That's great. But just be respectful to those around you, especially around kids. And you know, different families um have different opinions on alcohol. So, just be respectful and be safe cuz we love you. You can also do this without alcohol like Emma Larouche has been doing. There's lots of opportunities and just because you might not want an adult beverage doesn't mean you can't have fun with it or snack or dessert around the Montreal. You have to bar crawl. You can snack crawl. That's a thing. You could bar skip. You could you could bar walk. You You could bar float. Sache could dance. Bara, harmonize, barmanize. All right, our full spread is here. We have drinks and food. So, Emma, take it away. We'll go ahead and start off that we got three stacked burgers. And don't say a word about it. I got the lump crab cakes and then Emma got the loaded macaroni and cheese and Quincy's taking a bite of it. When it comes to drinks, we grabbed a few things. I grabbed the last concourse which is forge gin, lemon juice, raspberry and sage. Uh I got the cocoa uh bardier which is knob creek Disney single barrel reserve bourbon kar leor uh vermouth and chocolate bitters kind of like a dessert almost like a dessert Manhattan is essentially what it is. I went with the 1971 Sunset, which is tequila, tropical juices, rosemary, simple syrup, and housemade grenardine. I got the water. This is two parts hydrogen, one part oxygen. Wow. Now, they do serve it cold, which I know is a little controversial, but there's no ice. No ice here. I got the sherbet punch. It has orange sherbet, grenadine, and Sprite. I love this stack burger. I already know. I've had it many times. I was here for Emma's first experience with the stock burger. It's true. And it was it was a bonding moment for us and I was so excited to be here. This is one of the best burgers there is. That's gorgeous. Yeah, we're big fans. I love this. They're nice. They're meaty. They're not too fishy. The sotache really gives an earthy flavor and they're perfectly seared. Emma, what are your thoughts on your mac? The mac and cheese is good. It's elevated with the breadrumbs. That's how you know it's a good mac and cheese is the breads jalapeno and some bacon. It's only a tiny bit spicy. If you're really spice adverse, honestly, you might not like it, but it's very mild. Very mild. Okay, as a refresher, I got the super punch. It's orange strawberry and Sprite. If you don't like orange sheret, do not get this cuz that's the main flavor. And if you don't like sweet things, also do not get this because it's very sweet. But if you're looking for something that's sweet and very orange forward takes on I was going to say everybody really wants to know how we feel about I think twice. It just tastes like it tastes like a Manhattan cuz a Manhattan really is just whiskey and a little bit of sweet vermouth vermouth and a cherry but and that's honestly what the ta what it tastes like. There's just a hint of sweetness with the chocolate bitters just to get make it a little more just to elevate a little bit, make it a little more desserty, but really it just tastes like a really nice Manhattan. And shout out to the bartenders because every time I come here, I never have a bad drink. Last concourse. Oh my god. It's like sour. Oh, so I just realized I needed to talk about my drink. The 1971 sunset is the drink that you can get in the big fishbowl when you eat here at Steakhouse 71. A lot of things are happening. So, the point of the story is if you guys have an extra evening in Disney World, want to do some hotel hopping, see some cool bars, have some great eats, some great drinks, there's a great way to do that by just hopping on the Montreal. We have had so much fun tonight, as you can probably tell. So much fun. If you're still here, please like this video and drop this secret code in the comments so we know you made it all the way. Um, and don't forget to subscribe because we do upload lots of fun videos like this one, games, tips, and more from the series and beyond all week. Why? Cuz the series should have fun. Thanks for watching. We'll see you guys next time. is born.
