---
video_id: fZ2jaYlzM_Q
channel: AllEars.net
title: "We Did Everything at EPCOT Flower & Garden Festival"
published: 2026-03-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fZ2jaYlzM_Q
---
It is the first day of Epcot International Flowering Garden and we are taking you through the ENTIRE FESTIVAL. WOO! And we're bees. >> We're bees. >> I'm a flower. >> We're going to see the food, the concerts, the flowers, the gardens, everything. All of it. >> We're not missing a thing. >> Be mind. >> A Let's go. >> Epcot International Flower and Garden Festival is the spring festival that happens yearly here in Epcot. It is all about flowers as well as some delicious food and some more fun as well like concerts. This year the festival runs from March 4th to June 1st. So if you are headed to the parks, you can check out this video to see what you should prioritize as you are headed to Flower and Garden. And if you're not headed to Flower and Garden, then come live vicariously through us, baby. We welcome it. Get in my backpack. This is absolutely my favorite favorite favorite festival and it's because Epcot looks so good. There's flowers everywhere. Now, with festivals, the festivals don't officially kind of start in the morning until 11:00 a.m. Uh, that's when the booths open. However, there's a lot to do at Flower and Garden before 11:00 a.m. So, we're going to knock some of that out. Now, something many, many people find useful here at any of the Epcot festivals is grabbing yourself a festival gift card. Now, this is a normal Disney gift card. So, you could also grab a regular Disney gift card if you want. You can use it anywhere on Disney property, but for the festivals, they have specific festival gift cards. This one looks like a watering can with Spike the Bee on it. Very appropriate for our outfits today. It is absolutely adorable. You can load it with whatever amount you'd want, but it does have to be a minimum of $15. And it's also a really great souvenir that you get to keep. I usually like to put like $50 or $100 on a gift card, whatever I think I want to spend at the booths. And then that way I know when I hit my spending limit for the day and I can decide whether I want to add more or need to cut myself off. It also makes it a lot easier cuz every time you go to a booth to get every single little item or drink, you're not fishing your card out of your wallet. Kind of the crux of Flower and Garden is, you guessed it, flowers and also gardens. It's a garden right here. Not sure which one this is. This appears to be prehistoric plants. You want to know how I know that? I thought that was a dinosaur. And I also thought this was a dinosaur cuz it is. There are lots of gardens all around the fest. We're going to check out some of them today. Uh I'm going to take you through probably the best one uh to start us off and we can go ahead and glance at some of the topiaries. This is another reason this is my favorite festival. Look, the horiculture team is out talking flowers. The topiaries are absolutely incredible real living plant sculptures of Disney characters. 30 topiaries. That's so many. And this year, because it's the 40th year of Pixar animation, there's a lot of Pixar topiaries, which is so cool. Some new ones. Uh right here, I'm next to Huey, Dewey, and Louis, and they're gardening best at the community garden. And behind me, Donald Duck, also at the community garden. Some new additions this year. Uh you'll notice the centerpiece of the festival is Toy Story right at the front of the park with a lot of topiary that smells like strawberries. Another very cool new one is Mike Wazowski and Sully. But let's head into my favorite garden. This is Butterfly Landing. Um, this is one of the kind of star additional attractions for the festival. It is a full butterfly house. So, you walk through these hanging chains. And inside, we'll be able to see all sorts of butterflies. Let's see what we can find. Oh, it smells so nice. It smells like flowers. I see why they would want to hang out in here. I always get scared of butterflies going to land on me when I'm in these. That happened to me once as a child. And then I wasn't allowed to leave the butterfly house cuz you're not allowed to touch them. But if they land on you, you just have to wait for them. And the butterfly house was closed and I just had to stay there. There's a really pretty one. I love the little exhibits, too, for kiddos. And there's little signs around that can tell you what kind of butterflies you're seeing. I keep seeing shadows of butterflies and then I look up and there's not one there. Yeah, they're just basking right now. Look at this one. If you can't find the butterfly house, look for the giant butterfly topiaries. That'll help you get there. Maybe we'll have to pass back through there after our first booth, which is right here. But it's still not open. So, what are we going to do? Oh, I'll tell you. Living with the Land boat ride. Now, this festival does have one light attraction overlay, and that is right here at Living with the Land, where they do several displays for Flowering Garden. Plus, the ride is just the perfect ride for the Flowering Garden theme. Uh, as evidenced by the 30-minute wait. Now, this weight did kind of climb over the last hour. Uh, it was 5 minutes about 20 minutes ago. So, uh, if you want to ride it without a long wait, ride it earlier or ride it later. >> These are my friends, Desmond and Miles. And you guys kick off the next portion of the video. >> Let's eat. >> Yeah, let's eat. Thanks, guys. >> We're at the first booth, as Desmond and Miles said, let's eat. We're at What is going on? >> Nectar. >> We're at Nectar, >> which is just a fancy name for the land cart because that's literally what it They literally just put a sign over the regular land cart, but it's serving uh tuna and non-tuna pokey and some very exciting looking treats. >> May I please present to you >> because I know we are both chopstick users >> and are the poke first. >> These are pretty good chopstick. Pretty These are okay quality. Not Not >> they're pretty bad. >> They're pretty bad. Yeah. >> Look what just happened. >> So I was you know I try to be a little bit nice. >> Obviously I'm trying the tuna pokey while Brea is going to try out the plant-based py. Oh wow, there are some pickled things on here that I am excited to put in my mouth. >> Immediately, I'm very pleased with this. Flower and Garden typically has one item that or a couple of items that really could be a whole lunch. I think this is easily one of them. >> Um, for a relatively inexpensive price, it's loaded up with a huge scoop of tuna. There's edetamame and all these little other garnishes. It's cold and refreshing, which is great for a hot Epcot day. There's sesame, both black and white sesame. Um, the tuna is rare. Uh, so I would eat this rather quickly because obviously it's hot and you don't want the tuna to get icky, but it's delicious. I love the sauce that's on it. The rice is that perfectly sticky sushi rice. It's not just basic um white rice like you find elsewhere around Disney. You have avocado and I don't. >> I do. >> That is your tuna. >> I have avocado. I have edetamame. I have this. What is this? A seaweed salad. >> Yes. >> Mango. A whole section of pickled things. There's a pickled red pepper I just ate. There's pickled red onion. Oh my gosh. This should be permanent in sunshine seasons now. >> Mhm. More of a meal size than most everything you will get at the festival. I will be getting this every time we're in Epcot as my lunch. Hey Disney, if you're watching, make this permanent. Josh, tomorrow, if you're watching this, >> Josh, congratulations. >> Congratulations. Big promotion. Yeah. >> Can you make this permanent? >> Yeah. Thanks, buddy. >> Thanks. Trying out the frozen island escape. Oh, that's good. This is tasty. It's mango and peach. Um, and it tastes like a perfect blend between the two. The popsicle, honestly, I'd let it melt a bit um just for like the iciness inside, but you can also just dip and like have the popsicle separate, which is also cool. Very refreshing on a warmer day. Non-alcoholic, so the kids can have this, too. Super juicy, super fruity. Those fruit flavors come through a ton. But I can't say it's too different from a lot of juice blends I've had in the store. That said, put a popsicle in anything, it's exciting. >> This coconut panakotta is plant-based, so that's why I get to review it. >> M. Is that good? >> It's lemon. >> It's called coconut, but the flavor is lemon. I don't even taste the berry. >> M. >> It's good. >> I want to eat this wafer. >> A plant-based shortbread. So, no butter. Coconut panacolada with a cherry jallet, matcha crumb topped with a citrus cookie, plant-based ring, and flour confetti. The predominant flavor is citrus. >> Great flavor though. >> I clearly am having a hard time consuming it. >> Um overall, I think we'll give this booth a magic though. >> Yeah, certainly magic. >> Anytime I'm given uh chopsticks in Walt Disney World, >> we're thrilled. On to the next. >> On to the next. >> We're starting at Swo Showcase. This is where you can find a lot of good fun dough whip flavors. And a lot of the festivals actually have a very fun like liquid nitrogen item. This year they are bringing back one of the favorites. We're going to put them to the test. See if there's any actual liquid nitrogen. The last few have been kind of honestly bummers. This previously was peach do whip in a cone and then I shoved in this cup cuz it's melting. Cheers. >> I'm here too. We're sharing a table. This is actually different booth. Really delicious. Are you okay? >> Yeah. >> Hey, here you go. >> Oh, it smells great. >> Yeah, it's so sticky, but so good. We've had this for 5 minutes, not even. And it is dripping down both of our hands. >> I'm joking. Oh, waffle cones. >> We have a second thing that I need to get cutlery for. So, I'll be right back. You guys tell them. Talk talk to him. Okay, second thing we grabbed. This is one of the more famous items that you can get at World Showcase. It's the liquid nitrogen honey marcapony cheesecake. It comes with fresh honey, granulated honey, and honey meat blueberry combo coat. And that bird is the loudest bird I've ever heard in my life. He also tried to poop on me in line. Sure. He's honestly he's just jealous. I've had a rough morning. It's okay. It's super super creamy. Has a really nice light sweet flavor. The blueberry is not overwhelming. I do think if you're looking for a really strong punch in your face blueberry flavor, this is not necessarily going to provide it. But maybe if you stir it up, light, refreshing, and so perfectly sweet in my opinion. We grabbed the lemon sorbet in a waffle cone. It's also important to note for any of these ice creams, you can get them in a cup if you don't want to deal with it. That's excellent. >> Mhm. Very delicious. >> It is so tart. If you've ever had one of those lemon ices at like a baseball park, that's really what it is. And I love those things. I'm going to give Swir a Magic. Capital M. >> Yeah, I really enjoyed it. It's messy, so I definitely would recommend waiting till the sun goes down or just being prepared to like be a little sticky for a while, but I think it's really fun. It's really good. A lot of the festival is going to have maybe better dessert options, but the cheesecake is a genuine standout. And if you want some different ice cream or dol whip, these are both good options. Florida lease a star. The France food booth this year did not hit a home run with our all-screen reporter. The duck dish, the canar feet was fine. It tasted a lot like Thanksgiving dinner, which for me is a big win. And I actually love this dish in past years, but it isn't the most exciting dish at the festival. So maybe more of a skip. Levian rose slush. Little bit kind of like a watered down rosé in slush form. Now froze very popular. So maybe still worth getting just because it's fun and it's in a fun glass. The beignet is definitely less of a beignet, more of like a donut. Really amazing cream on the inside of this. This is kind of a tried andrue favorite. It's caramelized, so it's got that nice crunch. It's got that beautiful cream inside and it is like just a really kind of indulgent pastry. Very tasty. And then finally, the onion tart. This was one of our best of the fest items. It was such a beautiful puff pastry with onions baked all throughout. A nice garlicky taste there, too. H savory and delicious. And now I really want to try it because she sold it to me. Overall, though, France booth kind of middle of the road. It's an agic. All right, we're here at the Honey Beastro. This is one of my favorite booths. I love this booth every year. First up, the chicken and waffles. This is crispy chicken and a sweet honey bacon, cornbread waffle with whipped honey butter, and orange blossom honey. Going to be >> beautiful. There are full pieces of corn in the waffle. This is a great snack. Chicken and waffles, you can't go wrong. Little bit of sweet, little bit of savory. I do think the ratio to chicken and waffle is really nice. Wish there was more honey, of course. They just drizzle it on top. This is a great dish. Love it. Next up, we have a new item at this booth. It is the honeycomb bowl with herb quinoa, honey whipped goat cheese, poached apples, and hot honey cauliflower topped with a honey tuli. Yeah, that's a winner. M. And finally, we do have a little drink that we got at this booth. This is the frozen peach cobbler. I got it non-alcoholic, but you can get it alcoholic if you would like. It also comes with some strusel on top. It's getting everywhere. Yummy. This is super fun. It's a cute little fun beverage. Probably more geared towards kids. They're going to love it. I love the crumble streusel on top. The food options here are great. Overall, this booth is getting a magic capital M. Complete magic all around. I love all of these things. Honey Beastro is one of my favorites every year. They always have great stuff. So, Honey Beastro magic. So, now I have the spicy hot dog with pineapple chutney and plantain chips. I'm not going to lie, I'm a little nervous about this. If you know me, you know that I'm picky. Oh, there it is. Found it. Spices on the back end, by the way. It gets worse. The actual hot dog itself is not very spicy. It's actually the spicy mayo. The bun is very fresh, which I appreciate. The pineapple does add some nice notes to it, but I will be honest, it kind of just totally gets buried underneath the spicy mayo. Overall, I think if you are someone who enjoys mild spice, you enjoy hot dogs, and you want something that's a little bit different, the pineapple chutney on there and the plantain chips are really going to help elevate that for you. I have the frozen desert violet lemonade. This is Minuteade premium lemonade with desert pear and violet syrups. It is a non-alcoholic. And something I've noticed is that a lot of the non-alcoholic drinks um for this festival are slushes. Ooh. Oh my gosh, that's so good. That is beautifully tangy. I love the syrups in there. Does melt very, very quickly. This is so refreshing. I think for anyone who enjoys lemonade and likes it on the tart side, they will really really enjoy this. And uh I think kiddos will be a fan too if you know that they're um they like those tart. I can absolutely see why this was a best of the fest last year and I'm calling it a best of the fest again this year. This is a huge magic. I also got to head over to Floridaresh which is in communicore plaza. My first thing here was the blackened fish slider. This was really really solid. Um the blackened crust was sort of charred and it was smoky in a really really good way and it it kind of almost tasted like barbecue in a way. The sauce on it was absolutely perfect. Honestly though, I would not have had it and wouldn't have liked it as much without that sauce to it. So, that was very important. Then I had the Florida strawberry shortcake with vanilla pound cake, fresh Driscoll, strawberries, strawberry sauce, whipped cream, and strawberry crumbs. The cake was so soft, so moist, and the strawberries were super fresh, and that flavor was just incredible. And then we had a beer flight. We had Crooked Can Brewing Company Flory De Lemon Le Jagger. Um, this was very lemony, but too lemony, and it honestly tasted like soap. Then there was the Orange Blossom Brewing Company Starlight Papaya Pillsner. This was our reporter's favorite. The papaya came through very, very well. It was delicious. It was sweet without overly being so. And it was it was easily the winner in our book. Finally, there was the brewery Melon Falls Watermelon Culch. And this was fantastic if you really really love watermelon. Um the portion size that it was was perfect. Anything more would have been too much. We've made it to the citrus blossom in the Odyssey pavilion. >> Yes. And fun fact, citrus blossom is actually my pet name for fry bucket. >> So we've got orange sesame tempura shrimp. There it is. The lubia, which is plant-based. We've got cinnamon beignet. >> I see you, Tiana. >> Exciting. And aluminum tartar, which we just found out is also plant-based. And we also got the Cider Flight and the key lime wine slushie. So, we've got a lot to try. >> That's impressive. The u the filling in the plant-based pork, as they say, inside of the plant-based lubia um is really savory and salty and delicious. It has a really um a lot of flavor. This also has quite a bit of flavor. The shrimp, not so much themselves, but the orange chili sauce is really good. It's not spicy by any means. I don't think I can handle my spice. So, just know that. But this is really good. This is always a fan favorite. And it comes with five pieces, which I feel like is a good portion. I'm going to try cinnamon beignetes. These are tossed in lemon sugar, lemon glaze, and honey. Mead blueberry compost. >> Mead. You know what that is? >> It's like wine. >> It is. It's honey wine. Wine made out of honey like a bee. >> To be a That was really good. >> Something new to me, the lemon tart with lemon curd, which I always enjoy. Blood orange fluid gel, plant-based meringue, raspberry powder. And here is this. >> It tastes almost exactly like the coconut panakotta >> that Quincy and I tried. >> Same with this. >> Really? >> Lots of lemon. I mean, the the icing and everything, it's it's all lemon. That's the blueberry part. These are pretty dense beignetes. They're small, but they're pretty dense. I like it. >> Great. I love that little pot of blue. The little bucket of the blueberry bucket. And I've made my way into the center here to find the red gel fluid. I actually do taste the blood orange. >> I'm going to try the key lime wine slushie. Wow, that's pretty tart. Citrus blossom. Citrus is everywhere. This is really nice. It's very, very tart. Makes your lips pucker, but it's very, very nice. We've got more because we've got a cider flight beverage flight. First, we've got Brew Dog Brewing Company Five Limes Curvea from Ohio. >> Well, that's cool. In Ohio. >> Tastes like your typical light beer. Next up, we've got Central 28 Beer Company grapefruit pale ale from Florida. >> Nice. Tastes pretty similar to the grapefruit beer you can get in Germany. >> Oh, >> and finally, we have the Ace Cider Orange Groves hard cider from California. This one's nice and red. I like this one the best. This one's my favorite. I like a cider. I like a sour more than beers. I don't mind beers, but they're not my first choice. So, this is my favorite. I think this is a great booth. >> Yeah, >> I think it's fabulous. I would give it magic. And honestly, I feel like this is a good booth for groups of people who there might be plant-based friends and there might not be as well cuz everybody can have something here and everybody can be satisfied. So, this is a great booth. >> Thumbs up. >> Let's go look at all of the merch that is here for the Epcot Flower and Garden Festival. Orange Bird hat, Orange Bird shirt with embroidery. There's the back. Embroidery. Orange Bird kid shirt embroidery. Love this guy. Some postcards, magnets, orange bird ornament, orange bird spirit jersey. This is the front. This is the back. This is my new mood. Rain jacket. Zip up embroidery right here. This is very, very cute. I am tempted to buy, but I can't. Orange bird loungefly. Flower flower garden mug. Cute little orange bird photo frame. Orange bird note holder. Orange bird tank top embroidery. Orange bird little trash can. Salt and pepper shakers. Orange bird v-neck tea embroidery. This is the front. This is the back. Orange bird is embroidered. Can you tell the theme for this year? Here is the first pair of ears. The orange bird and Spike the bee ears. The bow is detachable. You can take the bow off. We've got a butterfly dress. Flower and garden sweatshirt. Here is the front. Here is the back. Spike the bee loungefly. Second pair of ears. Alice in Wonderland. Alice in Wonderland Loungefly. That looks like the bread butterfly. It's got flowers on the straps. Alice in Wonderland flower and garden shirt. This is the front. Embroidery. And this is the back. The words are embroidered. And finally, we've got the passholder section. And if you're a Disney World annual passholder, you can buy some of this merch. There's a hat, there's a mug, a shirt, a magnet, and another back. Passholder shirt on the back. Embroidery. And look at the front. Super cute Farmer Mickey hat. Says passholder on the back. Very cute passholder bag. Little passholder magnet. And finally, a cute little flower pot mug. Overall, I would say very good job, Disney. I do love all of the merch here. I think you did a really good job. Love the theming. Love the embroidery. So, good job, Disney. Next up, the China booth. Now, I've had a complicated relationship with the China booth in the past. Typically, it hasn't been better than your average Chinese takeout, but there were some notable mentions this year. First things first, the bow bun. Definitely our favorite thing on the menu. The beef was juicy, a nice tender bun, the scallions, everything went together really, really well. Next up is that like viral sugary fruit on a stick that you see on social media. Presentation lovely. However, it was all kind of inconsistent, but some were chewy. It got messy, kind of stuck in your teeth. Gorgeous to look at, but inconsistent all around. Then there was the first emperor. Actually, not bad. Everything was uh super balanced. I was nervous about about the kombucha because it had such a specific flavor. I thought it was going to overpower. It did not. Uh and I was like, "Oh, oh, all right. This is lovely." But the biggest upset was the tropical moon. You couldn't really taste any of the flavors they were advertising. Even the boba balls, it just kind of tasted like gelatin. Overall, China a roller coaster of emotions, but the bow bun, I think that's the takeaway. And definitely a step above uh uh Chinese takeout. Not street food, but a step above Chinese takeout. I liked it. >> All right, it's time to beach grub. And I'm going to be totally honest with you guys. I'm covered in butter right now because I was photographing this guy and there's about this much liquid butter in it and it all went down the front of my skirt. So, if you guys see me, please, please just don't be like, "Oh my gosh, look at all that butter." Don't. This is what our creamsicle pop looks like now. >> Very sorry. RIP to it. That was an experience I've had. That was potato. I already tried a clam off camera. Try a muscle. There's a lot of bread dipped in that butter. Corn, strawberry, basil, lemonade, hard cider. The seafood is actually pretty darn good for the price. I will say my muscles um had a little bit of a grain in the bite, so it wasn't cleaned as much as I would have liked it to be. The butter is so nice. I think it's really nice. You can really tell that there's a lot of herbs in there and it just soaks into the bread, which is honestly the best bite I had. The corn, I love this corn. It is a returning best for a reason. It is so flavorful. It's bright. It's hearty. And it's covered in butter and spices. The orange creamsicle, I thought, yes, it's melted. Flavors-wise, I found it off-putting. I like orange creamsicle. I did not enjoy this. I think the vanilla bean was a little bit too overpowering. And then the orange was like trying to compensate the strawberry lemonade. Excellent. It's actually I think a lot of times the non-alcoholic options at booths are more kidgeared. And this definitely can be, but the basil adds a really nice element that makes it actually feel like an adult mocktail or non-alcoholic beverage. It's light, it's refreshing, and the basil really comes through. So big fan. The hard cider was nice and light. It's very sippable. I actually really enjoyed it. It's on the sweeter side, which is why I can enjoy it. If you're looking for something that's really easy to enjoy, I just got the 6 oz and I think it's really nice. I'm gonna go magic. I feel like we could grub some more. Maybe more grub. Yeah. Welcome to our next booth. Towel and trellis. Uh we've got kind of a hearty meal going here. First of all, I want to show you this huge piece of pizza. This is insane. This is the garden veggie flatbread. I mean, this is like you would get this in a quick service restaurant. It has borson on it and it is their crumbles of garlic and fine herb cheese plus roasted vegetables and arugula salad. That is so good. I didn't notice this but there's beautiful first multicolored tomatoes on here. E >> this guy you see how big this is? >> It's massive. It's $6. $6 on it. >> Incredible. >> Oh my gosh. >> It's so good. The veggies are so fresh. The burst tomatoes are so high quality. magic. I'm tasting the garlic and the the like onions all caramelized on here and it's huge for $6. Easily a lunch portion. Well, that's incredible. >> Oh, do you want to eat this rib? >> Well, and it's like here I'm making my arms. >> It's actually pretty good. >> Is it? Now I want to try it. I >> I like it has little peppers on it. >> Oh, I I feel the peppers. I must have put one right on my tongue. >> I just did that and I shouldn't have. M I not the best ribs I've ever had, but it is impressive for coming out of a kiosk. Let's try the chocolate mousse terrarium with matcha crumb and chocolate soil. And remember this morning I said I didn't know if we were going to eat flowers. I did it. They're very heavy. This is a super rich indulgent mousse. It is definitely a heavier mousse. Um it has like almost a whipped consistency, much heavier than like a pudding consistency. It's a very rich, very like heavy chocolaty flavor. Kind of coats the inside of your mouth. Botanical slush made with Twinings mango and pineapple herb tea, passion fruit, orange guava juice, uh fruit punch, and simple syrup. Uh this is the non-alcoholic version. They do have an alcoholic version with cruisin mango rum. That's nice. Again, it kind of just tastes like a juice blend you can get at the store. Overall, Booth is getting a magic. The real stars, I think, are the savory, but the dessert is really good, too. So, okay, travel and troll. This is one of those event spaces that Disney uses that kind of changes with each festival. And for Flower and Garden, there's not a ton to see, but I'm going to take you inside, show you what you can find in here. Um, my personal favorite way to use this is when they do the Broadway exhibit during the Festival of the Arts. Now, if you are here right now during Flower and Garden, this is where you can find a lot of the specialty merch for this festival, as well as seating, which is really the biggest thing. They have a few displays in here this year. They have one of these garden type displays on each side with flowers that actually open, which is very, very nice. This area will get super busy, so I wouldn't say come here if you desperately need a seat. The biggest thing that you can just come see and check out is one of the topiaries is actually in here. Spike the Bee, who is the mascot for this festival. His topiary is right here in the middle. He's there. He's holding a symbol. Very cute as he waters the flowers. And then also in here, you're going to find a festival booth. This is where you're going to find um the fresh and flavorful booth. It's the Epcot Farmers Feast. That's the technical booth name is Farmers Feast. This is when it gets pretty busy uh because people do come check out this booth. They end up grabbing the seats. It's nice and dark in here, so it also is nice and cool. So, if you really need a seat inside, check here. But no guarantees because this spot gets pretty darn busy. I also got a chance to go to Northern Bloom in the Canada Pavilion. I love the Canada Pavilion for many reasons. And this booth is another reason to love it. First up was the beef tenderloin tips with mushroom bordlays, whipped potatoes, and garden vegetables. Now, sometimes I am not the biggest mushroom person, but I really, really enjoyed these. You could tell that the meat had been brazed before it had been uh cooked and that really came through in the flavor and I really really enjoyed it. Next was the chocolate maple whiskey cake. This reminded me in the best way of a chocolate lava cake from Chili's but elevated thanks to the slight whiskey flavor. I was a really really big fan of it. If you are a chocolate fan, especially if you are a chocolate lava cake fan, I say this is an absolute must get. Um, I will be excited to eat it again. And then there is a beer flight here. Now, I did have one of our offscreen reporters with me since I don't drink. So, I did go ahead and grab her notes on the beer flight. So, first of all was the Collective Arts Brewing Garden shed Jagger. Very salty, weirdly enough. And it was citrusy in a way that it was more sour. It wasn't sweet, and the flavors just didn't really seem to work. Then, the Collective Arts Brewing Grapefruit Lime Sour. There was no grapefruit flavor in this. It was straight lime and it just again it was very sour. It was not pleasant at all. Finally, there was the collective arts brewing guava goes and this was uh her favorite. Um it the guava flavor did come through and it was all very well balanced with each other which was fantastic. So out of the three, this is what we'd recommend. All right, welcome to Morocco. We are here at Tangerine Cafe, Flavors of the Medina. We have one food item and one flight. This is the Moroccan wrap with tomato, cucumber relish, and garlic sauce served on warm Moroccan flatbread. You can choose three different options of what's on the inside. You can get chicken, lamb, or plant-based falafel. So, I went with the lamb. Wa! Mhm. >> I think my thoughts for Morocco, it's a middle of the road booth. Not bad by any means, but it's not my favorite. The wrap nice and fresh with the relish and the sauce is really tasty. The lamb is cooked well. It's good. The flatbread is made fresh. I saw them making it as I ordered, so that was really fun. It's nice and refreshing. It's just not a standout item to me. I do like this flight. They're all hard cers, which I prefer cider over beer. So, this is more to my tasting. One is habiscus honey crisp. The one in the middle is blueberry lemon and the other one is passion fruit basil. I don't love the passion fruit basil. This is a good booth. I'm not going to give it a magic. I'm going to give it an agic. You won't be disappointed here, but it probably won't be your favorite things. And that's okay. We are grubbing a little bit more at Yacht Grub. We are going to be trying this full menu. It's only three items though, so not too bad. Now, this one, of course, is the uh sister to the beach grub, yacht and beach grub, if you will, with the playground right in the middle that we talked about earlier today. As you can see, it's gotten pretty popular. There's quite a few people hanging out over here in the shade. So, we're going to put this one to the test. I am actually really excited about this one. In the past, the dip was so good, the trio. So, of course, got to try it. This is the one with the caviar and I believe the car onion. Cheers. I have so much to say. We're going to keep eating really quick. >> Raise your hand if you are a massive fan of the yacht grub. We have a third hand also being raised. We love this booth. This is going to be maybe my recommendation for best of the best. Capital M magic. The dips are all free. So incredible. The caramelized onion with a little caviar is maybe my favorite. I think even though the house chips are slightly undercooked, some of them, they still offer a great crunch and they're just a vessel for a dip. They're not the star of the show. The pimeina cheese is actually really nice. Super creamy. Not the best I've ever had, but I'm from Tennessee, so that makes sense. And your favorite is the whipped feta. >> Yes. Yes. Very good. Very good. >> It's nice and strong. I actually really like it. Shakuie, nothing's too sharp. It's all nice and melty. And the pushcido and the salami pepperoni nice and balanced. The cheese, it's very mild. So, if you don't like sharp cheese, then this would be a good option for you. One of them has a nice orange flavor to it. And then the other one, maybe blueberries, something like that. >> And then the pickles. >> I love pickles. >> We love the accompiment. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. Very nice. The cocktail is really nice. It's not too sweet. It's nice and bubbly. It's very sippable and only slightly tart. The lemon cello is I would say like 40% of the flavor which is just enough if you are looking for something that has a slight sweetness but isn't overwhelming. Okay, so I'm going to give you a quick rundown of Prima Vera Kitchen. So we first started with the insulada de pasta. Now this was pennet apple, raisins, scallions, almonds, honey, and a lemon dressing. This was served cold. Typically the Italy booth is not good, but this was actually a good balance of flavors. And overall, it was pretty good. The next thing we show is the Aranchini. And now this one, it's the opposite of good. It's um risoto, peas, parmesan, beef, and tomato sauce. The fry on it was okay, and it was crispy, but the risoto filling was not good. But the raspberry swirl cheesecake was actually very good. It was pretty much a standard cheesecake with the raspberry swirl and then a graham cracker crust and it was fully whipped. It was very nice and light and airy. I'm joining Emma for the primma vera notes from our off camerara reporters because some of it was adult. Okay, the first was the elderflower sparkling cocktail. Um, and this one honestly we really enjoyed it. We felt like it was a perfect cocktail for spring. the floral notes really came through. And you guys might know from this video, I'm not the biggest fan of floral notes personally, but a lot of our reporters actually do enjoy it. So, they really enjoyed this one. They felt like it was nice and light, which is a big win for the Italy booth because they don't always stand out in the best of ways. Now, the other one we grabbed was the Italian inspired margarita. It has tequila and blood orange liquor. Um, this is not your traditional margarita, so if that's what you're looking for, head on to Mexico. Did someone say festival funnel cake? Yes, it's me. One of our offscreen reporters had the funnel cake for the festival. It was a bananas fosters funnel cake. His read was that this was very tasty, especially if you're a big banana fan. Super banana-ay, and the banana did not taste artificial. The funnel cake was nicely cooked, crispy on the outside, nice and soft on the inside. And everything melted really well with the caramel sauce, which did have a bit of the kick from the rum, ice cream, and the ice cream on here had chocolate chips, which actually had a nice snap to them, adding a good textural element. overall a magic on the funnel cake. All right, next up, let's talk about Magnolia Terrace, which is over in the America pavilion. Our reporter really liked everything. Nothing was super standoutish. We didn't have a Best of the Fest item here, but our reporter did think the shrimp poboy was really good. It was kind of a smaller sandwich, but it was nice. The Cajun rimlad had a little bit of a kick to it, but nothing crazy. You don't need to be worried about it. The bananas foster bread pudding, basically banana bread with caramel sauce. Um, pictures look great though. I would love to try it on another day. But really tasty, but again, nothing super standoutish. And then the flight, everything was good. The sweet tea amber logger tasted like a beer when you first sipped it, but then in the back end, that's where you get that sweet tea, which sounds pretty good. The blackberry lemonade ale also really nice and fruity, easy to drink. So, overall, everything at Magnolia Terrace was good. Um, but nothing super crazy or standoutish. But I personally would like to go back and try the poboy because I love a poboy. So you might see me there next time. Okay. I get the pleasure of talking about hanami for our off camera reporter and we actually did not get one of the most famous things from this festival which was the fushi. We always try to get it and it actually was sold out pretty early on this year so we did not get to try it. But we did get to try is the Japanese curry bread. Our reporter would go as far as to say it might be one of the best of the fest for him. Um, it was really filled with a nice amount of Japanese curry. It had a solid flavor and the outside actually had a nice good crunch on it, which was surprising. We also tried out the Minutemade Strawberry Lemonade. It comes with popping strawberry boba and it is non-alcoholic. It was kind of a standard strawberry lemonade. It was sweet. The boba added a really nice textural element, a fun surprise. Uh, it leans slightly on the sour side, but it's a little bit more exciting than your classic lemonade. We also tried the lavender lemonade, which is sake with lavender and Minuteade premium lemon lemonade. And to be honest, this one was pretty subtle. Um, it did not have a super strong alcoholic taste or alcoholic burn. So, if you're someone who likes an adult beverage, but maybe not one that is clearly full of alcohol. So, if you're looking for something really subtle, it's going to be a nice option. Round one of three here at Refreshment Outpost. So, first I have the Nigerian beef pie with papaya syrup as well as the seasonal fruit parfait with sweet chili sauce and Dolehip mango. That mango doe whip is incredible. And there's also there's fruit down here. The mango uh evens it out really really well. It's not overly sweet and the spices don't add too too much to it. Again, as we all know, I'm very spice averse and I'm really enjoying this. And it is time to try this beef pie. I am a fan of that. There is a kick to it. I do like the beef inside of it. I really like the outside of it is very crispy, which I appreciate. It's got good flavor. I just do feel perhaps it was sitting a little bit too long. Um, which is not unheard of. I really do like the papaya syrup on top. It adds a little bit of sweetness. That's also where a hint of that spice comes from. But again, it is not overwhelming even for someone who's very spice averse. I have the tangerine soft serve here. Ooh, if you are a citrus fan, you absolutely have to grab this. Just be sure to grab napkins and eat it fast. Final round over here at Refreshment Outpost. It is the mango dole whip. That one is personally my favorite. Now, I will say this one is very, very sweet. Like mangoes typically are. Very, very refreshing. Um, this might be my favorite flavor of Dole Whip. Actually, mango. I'm a fan. Hey, surprise from refreshment station. This wasn't actually a float. It was just the Coca-Cola float soda flavor that you can get in your grocery store right now. Probably. I saw it in my grocery store yesterday. So, maybe maybe skip this one. Um, it sounded more exciting on the menu until we got there. I have grabbed a new a new selection. I'm in Germany, but I'm not at one of the German booths. This festival has so many specialty items at non booths. Like this is a summerfest which is open all year long. It's right here behind me and it is, you know, usually a great spot for like a pretzel or my personal favorite pretzel bread pudding. So good. So good. But it does have two festival offerings. We're trying both. We have the Okay, listen. Stephie, who's from Berlin, who checked me out, tried to help me pronounce this, and I'm going to do my best, but if you speak German, I'm sorry in advance. I have the kin spark sparkle. I know I messed it up. Sparkle. It's my best go. Um, and then I also have the blossom spritz. A little bit easier for me to say. I'm going to start with the blossom spritz. Okay, this tastes like a much more upscale cocktail than you would typically have at a festival booth. It's St. Germaine elderflower leour, sex, sparkling wine, and soda water topped with fresh mint and lime. This feels like a like nicer bar cocktail or something you would find on the menu at a nice restaurant. Definitely spritz vibes. I think there's a lot of elderflower lour in here because it's definitely like lour sweet, but very balanced with the wine. a nice like soda water in there. Super sparkly and nice. It's like It looks cold and refreshing. It has fresh actual mint in the top. I don't know. I'm actually really impressed with this for a festival cocktail. And I'm super curious about this Velc. Um it is a German onion cake with asparagus, caramelized onions, bacon, herbed goat cheese, and a savory custard. So, it kind of looks like a kish or frittata. Is it wild for me to say this is the best thing I've had today? That's not even at a booth. This is so good. Perfect soft pastry with this like beautiful layer I mean layer of caramelized onion. The asparagus and tomatoes are kind of baked into the top with the custard. Don't let the word custard fool you. This is savory. That's just kind of a way of saying like egg layer. But I have trouble when things are a little over eggy. And this egg layer is so perfectly thin and has beautifully cooked. It's like golden on the top that it is not causing a problem for me at all. This is one of my favorite things to eat in that pot is the kish lauren at Leol. And I like this better. It is yet another thing that I think would could be considered a lunch portion or certainly a breakfast. Unfortunately, I think that Summerfest doesn't open at breakfast time, but if you cruised over here right when it opened, you get this and call it a breakfast or brunch. Summerfest pulling a magic. >> They had the cardamom spiced bun. And I was pleasantly surprised with this offering. Anytime Disney does lemon, lemon curd, lemon mering, it ends up being so tart, way overtart that I just it's not eatable. But this was actually quite good. Everything was not. It was balanced. It wasn't um it wasn't so rich or so tart that I couldn't go back in for more. My one big note about it that the cardamom was visible, but you couldn't taste it. >> Bummer. All right, let's also talk about Barn Market. I'm so sorry that was not how you pronounce it, but in Germany, um, again, everything here was kind of meh across the board. Our reporter said that the potato pancakes were okay. They weren't cooked all the way through. Basically, just potatoes with applesauce. Not really any salt, not much flavor there, but, you know, it was okay. The toasted pretzel bread was good. They really enjoyed that. I mean, you can't go wrong with pretzel and cheese. And the flight was good. Our reporter said their favorite was the raspberry rattler. It was nice flavor, tasted fresh, not artificial raspberry. So that was their pick out of the flight. But overall, this was an okay booth. So we're in Mexico. We are trying the Mexico booth. Super excited. We're getting quite a bit here because of course we are. This is our full spread. We of course got the entire booth because yeah, why not? We have the chilles down in the front, the crispy calamari taco, and then the fla here in the back. To drink, we grabbed the flour power margarita and the spicy mango margarita. So, some savory, some sweets, some sips. We're going to be trying it all. >> Okay, I'm feeling a lot of things. Have I said best of the best for like every booth we've been at? >> No, only one. >> Okay, this is going to be my number two. Best of the best. I'm still going to put Yacht Club as my capital M magic. Of course, another capital M magic. This is also getting capital M to me. The calamari um taco. This was I would say probably my biggest disappointment. I love calamari. It's like one of my favorite things and I found this just to be a little bit bland. Um it was overly chewy more so than you would normally find with calamari. I know like it can be that way texturally, but it was just you could tell it I think in my opinion it was a little bit overcooked. Yeah, it was sad cuz I really love calamari. I had high hopes for this. Didn't work out. The Fla is a creamy hazelnut chocolate. We both were shocked by how much we enjoyed this. I really loved it. It was light. It just kind of like melted in your mouth with each bite. It was almost like whipped texturally. It had a really nice cho light chocolatey hazelnut flavor. And to me, it reminds me almost of a lighter version of like a chocolate pudding cup I would have as a kid. You did not feel that way. I feel like texturally it's not like pudding. Like it's definitely a little thicker than that. So don't go into it thinking it's pudding cuz it's not. >> It's not pudding. But tastewise I think >> tastewise I do think it's comparable. And you can really get the hazelnut in it which I think is not always seen in hazelnut desserts. >> Agreed. Shout out hazelnut for real. >> Okay. Next we had the chilles. This was one that I was apprehensive about but it's a nice hefty portion. I really enjoyed this. Now, this one all kind of melded together in a way that some people might find to be soggy. I think it was really nice. Like the corn tortilla just soaked up all of the different salsa and quesop fresco, like all of the different elements and made it so I think exciting when it comes to the taste, but texturally I could see it kind of not being people's favorite. Moving on to the margaritas. The flower power margarita. You're going to be shocked when I say it tastes floral. That was the thing that I was like, you're going to be mad when I say floral, but it does. It tastes to me like you are drinking lavender pulper. The rose petal flour salt rim actually could have if it was all the way around, I would love this drink. I think it was so nice and flavorful and added a really nice balance to the sweetness of the flour and the saltiness of the rim. Overall, it just wasn't my favorite. It also says it has orange pineapple juice in it and I did not get those. I only got lavender like all over my palette. I also tried the spicy mango marg. Loved this. It was so nice and smoky. Really surprising in that. Um I didn't know how much of that smokiness what I would get. It's definitely Disney spicy. It's not truly hot. It's just a little bit of flavor. It's not heat, if that makes sense. It's sweet thanks to the mango, but then it has all of those interesting elements that make it, I think, the better of the two drinks. And there you go. Sorry to my calamari lovers. >> So, I just got out of Connections Eery where they've got some returning items and some new items as well. Those returning items, obviously the hot honey chicken sandwich. They've also got a specialty cocktail returning as well, but I tried the brand new Bianca pizza. It's got roasted mushrooms, a garlic cream, a cheese blend, truffle oil. When it comes to Disney World pizza, and I know Disney World pizza, this was definitely a step up, but it is not your uh via Napoli. I like to rate my pizza from a flop aspect. And a flop not necessarily being a great thing. And this pizza had a lot of flop. Doesn't stand on its own. So, you know, it's definitely going to be a little soggy, little oily. If you're not a fan of oil, definitely going to grab your paper towel and you're going to want to dab it. But once you get past that, it does eat quite well. It's It's garlicky. It's, I think, kind of oily and like cheesy in a really good way. For a pizza, I don't know, on a scale of 1 to 10, it's about a six. Not a bad not a bad offering. >> Now, let's talk about Sunshine Seasons. Overall, nothing was super standoutish. This booth had some Instagram worthy items, but they weren't that good when it came to taste. So, that orange milkshake, very Instagram worthy. You're going to want pictures of it, but it did not taste that great. According to our reporter, it was more like orange juice milkshake kind of vibes. It wasn't like an orange creamsicle that I'm sure that they were going for. Also, the macaron cookie again, pretty um but not great tastewise. The lemon flavor was just tiny tiny tiny little bit. Not really any lemon at all. Just barely a hint there. Also, it stained our reporter's fingers very yellow and they wouldn't come off for a long time. So, if you've got kids who want to eat that treat, just know ahead of time their fingers are going to be yellow. We are in the UK at the Yorkshire County Fish Shop. We have gotten the English garden. This is a drink. It's got gin, elderflower, lemonade, apple juice, and lemon juice with a cucumber. That's really nice. Very light, very easy to step on. mostly juice forward, which is what I prefer. So, this I could easily sip on this while walking around the World Showcase. This is very light, very refreshing. I think this is great. This is a good World Showcase drink. >> Picture this. It's 11:00 a.m. You're like, "Oh, man. I would love to have brunch, but I also want to go to Epcot." Wow. Brunch. >> And here's the full spread here at Brunch Cot. We got the avocado toast, which has marinated tomatoes featuring boron, dairyfree garlic, and fine herb cheese on toasted chabatada. Then we have the shrimp and grits, which is blackened shrimp and cheddar cheese grits with tasso, ham gravy, bell peppers, onions, and and dewy sausage. Then we've got the French toast with cinnamon cereal, cream, and caramel sauce. And finally, the fruit cereal shake, which is vanilla soft serve, and fruit flavored breakfast cereal. Yes, this is non-alcoholic. Woo! That is good. >> Take the tails off. >> Take off these tails. Take the tails off. Oh, wait. >> Did they? >> Is the tail off? >> Take the tails off. >> Oh my gosh. Our cries have been hurt. >> This is a big day. This is a big day. >> That's so good. >> That's so good. I loved brunchcot. I'm a massive fan. I'll talk about avocado toast. So good. I like avocado toast a lot. I really don't have high expectations. This one, the addition of the boren really added such a nice depth of flavor. It made it extra creamy. Kind of gave it something that I've never tried before. >> You like French toast? >> You're going to get this thing. >> Here you go, baby. >> This one's for you. >> No, it was really good. I I'm a huge texture fan. That familiar crunch that you have of the actual cinnamon toast crunch on top just added a really nice texture element. It was sweet. Uh it was it was but it wasn't too rich. It was so good. Uh definitely my favorite version of a French toast is one that has cereal on >> to the French toast. The toast itself is almost a little crispy on the edges, which you do not commonly see in French. It's not soggy at all. It's really good. >> Hey, do you like shrimp? >> Do you like grits? >> Yeah. >> Well, okay, baby. I did appreciate the kind of spice to it. Uh it did have a little bit of not not heat, but when I say I don't mean when I say spice, I don't mean like spicy. I just mean like Cajun flavors. The shrimp was nice and tender. My big thing about grits, anytime I had it at the festival, uh grits or palenta, it always tends to have a little bit of like too much gelatin. There's like a little bit of like gelatin. >> It doesn't sit well in the heat. That's what I think every time I have. >> No, it's it's almost a little congealed. So, uh if you get it, eat it like while you're at the booth like >> don't let it get like eat it actually immediately. If you're waiting on something else, just just go ahead and start eating it. Yeah, don't wait at all. The scavenger hunts are some of my favorite part of the festivals. They're some of my family's favorite part of festivals. So, for the Flower and Garden Festival, you can take part in Spikes Pollen Nation Exploration. It is throughout the entire festival. At the time of recording, at the beginning of the festival, they also have the Extravaganza. Um, that is not for the whole festival, though. You're going to head around Epcot, and you will be on the lookout for Spike the Bee. Once you find him with any of these items, you're going to go ahead and place the sticker in the right place. So, it'll tell you all the different places you should check at the different gardens around the around the park and then when it's complete, you can go ahead and grab your prize. Now, what I personally really like about the scavenger hunts is that you do pay $1.99 for the scavenger hunt itself. So, that means even if you don't complete it, you can still get your prize. This festival, the prize is one of the four of these cute little solar powered plants. They have four different designs available. Well, I decided to grab the Mickey one, but yeah, you can just go ahead and set it anywhere you'd like that it'll get sunlight and it'll dance a little bit. So, fun fact, they are handing out these Spike the Bee headbands if you head over to the Honey Beastro. And I think they're adorable. Look, they like flap. Oh, here we go. I see a sign back here. This is the tea garden. So, Spike should be here somewhere. No pun intended, but pun absolutely intended. There it is. This is the English tea garden. So, we do know from our map that Spike is here somewhere. >> So sweet. There's Spike. I am now over here in France at the uh French gardens. And Spike is very obvious right here. There he is right near the rose. So then go ahead and put the rose from back here for the French gardens. >> And then there was farmers feast. Lots of good things happen in there. First things first, there was the asparagus dish. The asparagus was fresh. Uh my big thing about this plate is that there was a lot of conflicting flavors uh with the egg, which wasn't super runny. I I expected there to be a little more textural balance just because the panetta was a little crunchy. So, I expected a little bit more of a runnier egg uh which I didn't get. But even then, it just felt like the flavors were a little bit conflicting. I was really interested to try the scallops. I've been watching a lot of Gordon Ramsay and that man loves his scallops. I never talk about price, but I was actually a little intrigued by the price because I was like, "Oh, this feels a little pricey for what I'm getting." But the scallops were good. They weren't too rubbery, which scallops you can often find sometimes being a little bit rubbery. But the thing I want to uplift here is for the first time in a while, I had like something that could have been gelatin uh not be gelatin. That was the risoto. The blueberry lemon zest soft serve also an interesting take. Now, it had a lot of really good flavors, like flavor-wise. Uh, it was light. There was a little bit of zing with that lemon zest. The blueberry compost was really nice. Uh, like a little gooey, like in a fun way. But then as I decided to eat a little more, I was like, "Oh, this all just kind of blends in together and all just kind of becomes one note, but it was okay." Finally, the nectar punk. It was It was bitter. It was just not for me. For our last festival booth, Emma and I have arrived between France and Morocco at Laaf Fresca. At one point this was like a heavily Encanto inspired booth. It's not necessarily that anymore, but you can still kind of see it in the artwork a little bit. I don't know about you, and you can veto me. We're going to have to talk this out. This might be my first like kind of tragic leaning lowercase magic, which is disappointing because I really enjoy this booth. Um, I think I'll start with the reason I'm not obsessed, and it is the ceviche. I love ceviche. The thing I love about ceviche is how light and fresh that it can be. the acidity kind of paired with the different fruit sweetness. There's just no flavor in this. You can tell the mango was not super fresh. I could not tell the difference between the mango pieces and the avocado pieces because of how not fresh the mango was, which just kind of made it all mush together. The shrimp is actually well cooked. I enjoyed the shrimp a lot. The plantains are nice and crispy. I love the presentation that it's in a coconut. That being said, the thing I was so excited, there's just no flavor in it. Out of everything we've tried here, I would not tell someone to try it. Drink-wise, light sangria, super sippable, very sweet. Um, the cider, I'm going to try one more time. I will say it might be my favorite cider I've had today. I love a cider. They're all to me fairly similar that we've tried, but this one you can actually get the notes of orange in it. It's sweet. It's fruity. um while still having that nice kind of bubble. It makes it a little bit more exciting. Traditional fla. I think this one is probably more traditional a little bit. >> In the last one, it really just tastes like hazelnut. It was not the classic fla type of flavor. This one, since it's coconut flavored, the fla, the flavor of the fla comes through a lot more. There's a um passion fruit caramel on top and you cannot taste that at all. If you taste it on its own, you can taste it, but not with anything else. And then the chocolate cake is super dense and that's with the fla. either the fla or the passion for caramel is soaking into it. >> So, it's very interesting. It kind of reminds me of an almond joy, like the candy but with um no nuts. >> Yeah. The flavor. I'll say aic. Aic is the correct word for me >> for this. >> Mhm. For the overall booth. >> Yeah. No, I think it add the garden rocks concert series that happens during flower and garden festival is completely unique from the other concert series. Garden Rocks is about rock music and really a lot about classic rock. And some of us may find that hard to swallow that pill because we uh were very much alive and probably adults when a lot of these bands were uh in their prime and now they are really truly on that classic rock circuit. But guess what? I love them. I love this concert series. And this year, there's a very impressive lineup. They're kicking off the festival with a hometown favorite. Laay performs nightly over in Communicore Plaza, but tonight they're making the move over here to the America Gardens Theater to perform as the opening night act for Garden Rocks. Lay rocked the garden as promised. And someone else is going to be rocking the garden soon. uh someone you may recognize, be very familiar with uh if you're a viewer of All Ears. And uh I am going to turn it over to Sage to give you the details. And all these bands stem everywhere from uh 98° boys to men and maybe I don't know maybe let's just say April 28th, 29th 30. It's a really good time to to go see Garden Rocks concert series. Anyway, lots of incredible bands. Uh you can do dinner packages with it as well. But this definitely is a great nightly entertainment edition for this festival. Go support the headlining bands. Go support the local bands. Uh why? Cuz live entertainment is important. I said it. I did it. All right. >> I do want to just brag for a moment that he will be seen between Air Supply and Flock of Seagulls. >> We found each other. >> Busy bees. >> You're busy bees today. Busy bees. >> I'm allergic to myself. >> Yeah. Um, also I appreciate the dedication of you still becoming. >> Listen, >> I commit to a bit. >> Uh, we have to go home and watch Be Movie, but before we do, >> you don't have to memorize. >> We're all together. >> Before we do, everybody say your favorite thing that happened this fest. When I say your name, be ready to say it. Emma Rouch. Spending time with Emma. >> Aar, that's nice. Get out, >> Emma. Well, that was mine, so I'm going to say yacht rub. >> Okay, JP. Mine was getting to say hi to all the Allers fans who came by tonight. >> Oh, yeah. Same >> breed love. >> Well, I have to say that I've become reunited with THE LUBIA. >> OH, IT was romantic. But I do have to say like the hang hanging with the the friends vibe and seeing all the AE viewers was a really intense day of uh communicating and bonding with people. >> Yeah. >> Cry. I think I would say Citrus Blossom. >> Oo, good one. >> Sage >> Garden Rocks concert series. Uh April 28th, 29TH, 30TH. >> YEAH. air supply and the flock of seagulls. Isn't that crazy? >> I was like, "What?" Wow. >> That's pretty cool. >> Pretty cool. Uh, did I say that me? >> Except for you. Except for you. >> Oh, me. Um, my favorite was the vegetable flatbread. The garden vegetable flatbread at trial and trellis. It was so good. And also just the onions at this fest in general were really doing something. So, with that, we have completed Apot International Flower and Garden. Hopefully, this video was helpful to you. If you're still here, please like this video and drop this secret code in the comments so we know you made it all the way. Plus, don't forget to subscribe. We upload tips, games, other stuff >> in Disney World all week. WHY? CUZ WE'RE SERIOUS ABOUT FUN. WE'LL SEE YOU NEXT TIME. It's a t-shirt. >> We're pollinators. We're pollinators.
