---
video_id: J2dglW65P2E
channel: AllEars.net
title: "I Tried To WIN This IMPOSSIBLE Disney World Game -- Scavenger Hunt 9"
published: 2026-01-10
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J2dglW65P2E
---
Today we're taking on an impossible Today we're taking on an impossible Today we're taking on an impossible challenge in Disney World. challenge in Disney World. challenge in Disney World. &gt;&gt; An even bigger challenge. We're going &gt;&gt; An even bigger challenge. We're going &gt;&gt; An even bigger challenge. We're going headto head. headto head. headto head. &gt;&gt; I'm going to win. &gt;&gt; I'm going to win. &gt;&gt; I'm going to win. &gt;&gt; And I'm going to win. &gt;&gt; And I'm going to win. &gt;&gt; And I'm going to win. &gt;&gt; Ah, we seem to have an agreement. &gt;&gt; Ah, we seem to have an agreement. &gt;&gt; Ah, we seem to have an agreement. &gt;&gt; It's a tie. &gt;&gt; It's a tie. &gt;&gt; It's a tie. &gt;&gt; I don't think it's a tie. &gt;&gt; I don't think it's a tie. &gt;&gt; I don't think it's a tie. &gt;&gt; Best of luck to you, but not as good &gt;&gt; Best of luck to you, but not as good &gt;&gt; Best of luck to you, but not as good luck as I wish myself. luck as I wish myself. luck as I wish myself. &gt;&gt; Uh, also, good luck to you, but only if &gt;&gt; Uh, also, good luck to you, but only if &gt;&gt; Uh, also, good luck to you, but only if that luck is reciprocated back to me. that luck is reciprocated back to me. that luck is reciprocated back to me. &gt;&gt; Well, hey, no, I don't reflect that &gt;&gt; Well, hey, no, I don't reflect that &gt;&gt; Well, hey, no, I don't reflect that luck. luck. luck. &gt;&gt; What? Bye. &gt;&gt; What? Bye. &gt;&gt; What? Bye. &gt;&gt; Bye. All right. &gt;&gt; Bye. All right. &gt;&gt; Bye. All right. Scavenger hunt. only for five o'clock. I Scavenger hunt. only for five o'clock. I Scavenger hunt. only for five o'clock. I think I want to get started. think I want to get started. think I want to get started. I'm just kind of keeping my eyes peeled I'm just kind of keeping my eyes peeled I'm just kind of keeping my eyes peeled because um because um because um one of these squares says uh find a one of these squares says uh find a one of these squares says uh find a plant. Sorry, the camera's sideways. My plant. Sorry, the camera's sideways. My plant. Sorry, the camera's sideways. My glasses are stuck to my hair. Um which glasses are stuck to my hair. Um which glasses are stuck to my hair. Um which is not does not bode well. Okay, they're is not does not bode well. Okay, they're is not does not bode well. Okay, they're staying on my head. staying on my head. staying on my head. &gt;&gt; Oh, so we always have to separate when &gt;&gt; Oh, so we always have to separate when &gt;&gt; Oh, so we always have to separate when we're doing these games. Uh, and she we're doing these games. Uh, and she we're doing these games. Uh, and she said she wanted to go that way and I was said she wanted to go that way and I was said she wanted to go that way and I was like, "All right, you go that way. like, "All right, you go that way. like, "All right, you go that way. That's fine." But that means That's fine." But that means That's fine." But that means I'm going this way. And this way is the I'm going this way. And this way is the I'm going this way. And this way is the exit of the new Zootopia show, Better exit of the new Zootopia show, Better exit of the new Zootopia show, Better You Together. And now I'm a Now I'm You Together. And now I'm a Now I'm You Together. And now I'm a Now I'm essentially just thrown into the crowd, essentially just thrown into the crowd, essentially just thrown into the crowd, which is not good for my game. which is not good for my game. which is not good for my game. &gt;&gt; I've never had that Colombian style hot &gt;&gt; I've never had that Colombian style hot &gt;&gt; I've never had that Colombian style hot dog that's a lot to carry. Let's do it dog that's a lot to carry. Let's do it dog that's a lot to carry. Let's do it anyway. anyway. anyway. &gt;&gt; Okay, so uh, saying hi to David &gt;&gt; Okay, so uh, saying hi to David &gt;&gt; Okay, so uh, saying hi to David Greybeard. I would have to wait in the Greybeard. I would have to wait in the Greybeard. I would have to wait in the Zootopia line uh and because uh there's Zootopia line uh and because uh there's Zootopia line uh and because uh there's a little plaque to uh David Greybeard a little plaque to uh David Greybeard a little plaque to uh David Greybeard with a gorilla um right before you enter with a gorilla um right before you enter with a gorilla um right before you enter the the main Tree of Life, the main show the the main Tree of Life, the main show the the main Tree of Life, the main show building. Um and it's a little long building. Um and it's a little long building. Um and it's a little long right now. The line's a little long. right now. The line's a little long. right now. The line's a little long. It's still new. So, uh for now, I'm It's still new. So, uh for now, I'm It's still new. So, uh for now, I'm actually going to go see if I can say hi actually going to go see if I can say hi actually going to go see if I can say hi to Annie. But Annie, the anteater, who to Annie. But Annie, the anteater, who to Annie. But Annie, the anteater, who you can find up at the front here at the you can find up at the front here at the you can find up at the front here at the oasis. Quincy's favorite things to do. oasis. Quincy's favorite things to do. oasis. Quincy's favorite things to do. She loves the anteater. So, I think uh She loves the anteater. So, I think uh She loves the anteater. So, I think uh going to say hi to this ante eater and going to say hi to this ante eater and going to say hi to this ante eater and blocking her is um is going to send the blocking her is um is going to send the blocking her is um is going to send the right message. And what's that message, right message. And what's that message, right message. And what's that message, Sage? Is that I'm here to win. I'm Sage? Is that I'm here to win. I'm Sage? Is that I'm here to win. I'm probably going to lose. All right. I got probably going to lose. All right. I got probably going to lose. All right. I got this Colombian style hot dog. Wait, let this Colombian style hot dog. Wait, let this Colombian style hot dog. Wait, let me show it to you better. I'm in a rush me show it to you better. I'm in a rush me show it to you better. I'm in a rush cuz I want the live music. Um it cuz I want the live music. Um it cuz I want the live music. Um it actually looks really good. It's got actually looks really good. It's got actually looks really good. It's got salsa verde on it. Um a chili mayo. salsa verde on it. Um a chili mayo. salsa verde on it. Um a chili mayo. Looks like probably crispy potato chips. Looks like probably crispy potato chips. Looks like probably crispy potato chips. I don't know. This looks way better than I don't know. This looks way better than I don't know. This looks way better than I was expecting, but we got to dance to I was expecting, but we got to dance to I was expecting, but we got to dance to live music and there's live music live music and there's live music live music and there's live music happening in Africa right now. happening in Africa right now. happening in Africa right now. Um, there's often live music here and Um, there's often live music here and Um, there's often live music here and it's super fun. The crowd often gets it's super fun. The crowd often gets it's super fun. The crowd often gets dancing and we're going to join them dancing and we're going to join them dancing and we're going to join them with our hot dog, but as soon as I try, with our hot dog, but as soon as I try, with our hot dog, but as soon as I try, we'll be marked off. One more time, everybody. One more time, everybody. One more time, everybody. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. All right. Really great &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. All right. Really great &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. All right. Really great seating area back here where you can seating area back here where you can seating area back here where you can hear the live music and enjoy your food, hear the live music and enjoy your food, hear the live music and enjoy your food, which is awesome. which is awesome. which is awesome. And what I'm going to do real quick is And what I'm going to do real quick is And what I'm going to do real quick is try this Colombian hot dog so we can try this Colombian hot dog so we can try this Colombian hot dog so we can mark it off our scavenger hunt. &gt;&gt; I do feel like Animal Kingdom is kind of &gt;&gt; I do feel like Animal Kingdom is kind of &gt;&gt; I do feel like Animal Kingdom is kind of a sleeper hit for food. Like some of the a sleeper hit for food. Like some of the a sleeper hit for food. Like some of the best food in Disney World is Animal best food in Disney World is Animal best food in Disney World is Animal Kingdom and they don't have many misses. Kingdom and they don't have many misses. Kingdom and they don't have many misses. So almost everything is really good So almost everything is really good So almost everything is really good here. No one really talks about it. So here. No one really talks about it. So here. No one really talks about it. So this is a huge like really juicy hot this is a huge like really juicy hot this is a huge like really juicy hot dog. It's got a great combo of flavors dog. It's got a great combo of flavors dog. It's got a great combo of flavors on top. No spice. If you're worried on top. No spice. If you're worried on top. No spice. If you're worried about spice, even from the chili nice crunch on top. It's loaded. This is nice crunch on top. It's loaded. This is nice crunch on top. It's loaded. This is great. great. great. We eat it very quickly. Move on to our We eat it very quickly. Move on to our We eat it very quickly. Move on to our next stop. This is where Annie would be. next stop. This is where Annie would be. next stop. This is where Annie would be. Is Annie the anteater. That's So, we Is Annie the anteater. That's So, we Is Annie the anteater. That's So, we must have named her Annie. Annie, where must have named her Annie. Annie, where must have named her Annie. Annie, where are you? are you? are you? Oh my gosh, there she is. There's Annie. See all the way in the There's Annie. See all the way in the There's Annie. See all the way in the corner? So cute. Hi, Annie. Okay, we did corner? So cute. Hi, Annie. Okay, we did corner? So cute. Hi, Annie. Okay, we did it. I ate that really fast. That was really I ate that really fast. That was really I ate that really fast. That was really good. I thought about my strategy while good. I thought about my strategy while good. I thought about my strategy while I did it. I think what I'm going to do I did it. I think what I'm going to do I did it. I think what I'm going to do is I'm going to try to make it so that is I'm going to try to make it so that is I'm going to try to make it so that Sage can't get any straight lines. I'm Sage can't get any straight lines. I'm Sage can't get any straight lines. I'm going to try to block all the different going to try to block all the different going to try to block all the different options and then I'll have every option options and then I'll have every option options and then I'll have every option available and he'll have none without available and he'll have none without available and he'll have none without going to numbers which will be big I going to numbers which will be big I going to numbers which will be big I think. Uh to do that here I have uh this think. Uh to do that here I have uh this think. Uh to do that here I have uh this mural. This is a very cool abstract art mural. This is a very cool abstract art mural. This is a very cool abstract art of Lion King characters including Simba, of Lion King characters including Simba, of Lion King characters including Simba, Nala, Timona and Pumba over here, the Nala, Timona and Pumba over here, the Nala, Timona and Pumba over here, the hyenas, Rafiki and Zazu and little Simba hyenas, Rafiki and Zazu and little Simba hyenas, Rafiki and Zazu and little Simba there. I'm gonna show Simba my best there. I'm gonna show Simba my best there. I'm gonna show Simba my best roar, roar, roar, which is not gonna be very good, I which is not gonna be very good, I which is not gonna be very good, I think. &gt;&gt; Are you scared? Do you think I'd be a &gt;&gt; Are you scared? Do you think I'd be a &gt;&gt; Are you scared? Do you think I'd be a mighty king? I don't know. The Quincy just saw live music, which The Quincy just saw live music, which The Quincy just saw live music, which again is in is in another like free again is in is in another like free again is in is in another like free space line where she only doesn't have space line where she only doesn't have space line where she only doesn't have to do as many tasks. So, I think I'm to do as many tasks. So, I think I'm to do as many tasks. So, I think I'm just going to have to block her again. just going to have to block her again. just going to have to block her again. This whole part of the beginning of my This whole part of the beginning of my This whole part of the beginning of my game is just blocking Quincy because I game is just blocking Quincy because I game is just blocking Quincy because I was stuck in that crowd. Still stuck. was stuck in that crowd. Still stuck. was stuck in that crowd. Still stuck. Still stuck. Okay, so I am headed Still stuck. Okay, so I am headed Still stuck. Okay, so I am headed hopefully quickly to Creature Comforts hopefully quickly to Creature Comforts hopefully quickly to Creature Comforts uh to get a flat white because that is uh to get a flat white because that is uh to get a flat white because that is essentially a coffee that gives back and essentially a coffee that gives back and essentially a coffee that gives back and I will show you exactly what that means. I will show you exactly what that means. I will show you exactly what that means. And this will be my second coffee of the And this will be my second coffee of the And this will be my second coffee of the day. So uh very curious to see how the day. So uh very curious to see how the day. So uh very curious to see how the rest of this video turns out. Okay, rest of this video turns out. Okay, rest of this video turns out. Okay, we'll look at that later. make it right we'll look at that later. make it right we'll look at that later. make it right with a flat white. So the cotton top with a flat white. So the cotton top with a flat white. So the cotton top tamarind is a small monkey. Uh and tamarind is a small monkey. Uh and tamarind is a small monkey. Uh and basically basically basically to uh if you order a flat white, a to uh if you order a flat white, a to uh if you order a flat white, a portion of the proceeds will go to portion of the proceeds will go to portion of the proceeds will go to Disney conservation fund to help protect Disney conservation fund to help protect Disney conservation fund to help protect these little cotton top tamarinds and these little cotton top tamarinds and these little cotton top tamarinds and the habitats in which they live. So the habitats in which they live. So the habitats in which they live. So let's go get a flat white. While I'm let's go get a flat white. While I'm let's go get a flat white. While I'm here, I am going to swing by here, I am going to swing by here, I am going to swing by the Harambe Fruit Market because they do the Harambe Fruit Market because they do the Harambe Fruit Market because they do have corn on the cob, which is an have corn on the cob, which is an have corn on the cob, which is an exclusive snack uh to Animal Kingdom is exclusive snack uh to Animal Kingdom is exclusive snack uh to Animal Kingdom is this season and buttered corn. Very this season and buttered corn. Very this season and buttered corn. Very famous snack. You can only get it here. famous snack. You can only get it here. famous snack. You can only get it here. That's going to be my one exclusive That's going to be my one exclusive That's going to be my one exclusive snack so far, just to start working on snack so far, just to start working on snack so far, just to start working on that. What do I want to do here? He got that. What do I want to do here? He got that. What do I want to do here? He got coffee that gives back. coffee that gives back. coffee that gives back. &gt;&gt; I've got my flat white. I have given &gt;&gt; I've got my flat white. I have given &gt;&gt; I've got my flat white. I have given back to the Disney Conservation Fund for back to the Disney Conservation Fund for back to the Disney Conservation Fund for the Cottop Tamron. Now that I've blocked the Cottop Tamron. Now that I've blocked the Cottop Tamron. Now that I've blocked Quincy, uh because you know that that Quincy, uh because you know that that Quincy, uh because you know that that crowd, that Zootopia crowd, really did crowd, that Zootopia crowd, really did crowd, that Zootopia crowd, really did set us back. What are these for? Are set us back. What are these for? Are set us back. What are these for? Are they just literally to catch leaves? they just literally to catch leaves? they just literally to catch leaves? These were added behind the tree of These were added behind the tree of These were added behind the tree of life. What? What? What are these? Is it life. What? What? What are these? Is it life. What? What? What are these? Is it too much to clean the ground? Like what too much to clean the ground? Like what too much to clean the ground? Like what are these? What's happening here? It's are these? What's happening here? It's are these? What's happening here? It's typically what you would see like typically what you would see like typically what you would see like underneath a roller coaster. I don't why underneath a roller coaster. I don't why underneath a roller coaster. I don't why why just the leaves. I'm going to head why just the leaves. I'm going to head why just the leaves. I'm going to head to Pandora cuz it looks like there's a to Pandora cuz it looks like there's a to Pandora cuz it looks like there's a few tasks in Pandora to do. Uh I don't few tasks in Pandora to do. Uh I don't few tasks in Pandora to do. Uh I don't really have a strategy again. Uh because really have a strategy again. Uh because really have a strategy again. Uh because because I feel like I'm just I'm being because I feel like I'm just I'm being because I feel like I'm just I'm being reactive instead of proactive because of reactive instead of proactive because of reactive instead of proactive because of that crowd. So I think I'm going to head that crowd. So I think I'm going to head that crowd. So I think I'm going to head into Pandora just do a couple tasks in into Pandora just do a couple tasks in into Pandora just do a couple tasks in Pandora and cuz it doesn't look like Pandora and cuz it doesn't look like Pandora and cuz it doesn't look like Quincy has a strategy either. I think Quincy has a strategy either. I think Quincy has a strategy either. I think she's probably just doing this like she's probably just doing this like she's probably just doing this like location by location. So to Pandora we location by location. So to Pandora we location by location. So to Pandora we go. If I go through Pandora, I'm going go. If I go through Pandora, I'm going go. If I go through Pandora, I'm going to be able to find a reference to Joe to be able to find a reference to Joe to be able to find a reference to Joe Roadie and uh locate a remnant from a Roadie and uh locate a remnant from a Roadie and uh locate a remnant from a land never built, land never built, land never built, which will cover my last uh two columns. which will cover my last uh two columns. which will cover my last uh two columns. And then I just need to do anything in And then I just need to do anything in And then I just need to do anything in the top row. I could take a photo pass the top row. I could take a photo pass the top row. I could take a photo pass on the way. I see a photo pass on the way. I see a photo pass on the way. I see a photo pass photographer. Photo pass is Disney's um photographer. Photo pass is Disney's um photographer. Photo pass is Disney's um photo taking experience. photo taking experience. photo taking experience. I don't know why I'm calling it that. I don't know why I'm calling it that. I don't know why I'm calling it that. But it is uh basically there are But it is uh basically there are But it is uh basically there are professional photographers all around professional photographers all around professional photographers all around Disney World and they'll take your Disney World and they'll take your Disney World and they'll take your photos for you which is very cool. Um I photos for you which is very cool. Um I photos for you which is very cool. Um I am at Harambe Theater while I'm here. am at Harambe Theater while I'm here. am at Harambe Theater while I'm here. Does cost money. It's a thing called Does cost money. It's a thing called Does cost money. It's a thing called memory maker as a photos package. But memory maker as a photos package. But memory maker as a photos package. But while I'm at Harambe Theater I am going while I'm at Harambe Theater I am going while I'm at Harambe Theater I am going to sing Hakuna Mata. to sing Hakuna Mata. to sing Hakuna Mata. It means no worries for the rest of your It means no worries for the rest of your It means no worries for the rest of your days. days. days. I don't know why I started there. Hakuna I don't know why I started there. Hakuna I don't know why I started there. Hakuna matata. What a wonderful phrase. Lakuna matata. What a wonderful phrase. Lakuna matata. What a wonderful phrase. Lakuna matata ain't no passing. matata ain't no passing. matata ain't no passing. Yeah, I started in like a weird part of Yeah, I started in like a weird part of Yeah, I started in like a weird part of the song. Okay, that's a matata outside the song. Okay, that's a matata outside the song. Okay, that's a matata outside Theater. Just like that, strategy changed Just like that, strategy changed Just like that, strategy changed cuz she's just she's just I think I cuz she's just she's just I think I cuz she's just she's just I think I think she's playing a numbers game and think she's playing a numbers game and think she's playing a numbers game and she's just going doing whatever is near she's just going doing whatever is near she's just going doing whatever is near her and and she's just doing whatever is her and and she's just doing whatever is her and and she's just doing whatever is near her. So, she just did a kuna near her. So, she just did a kuna near her. So, she just did a kuna matata. matata. matata. It's the bottom row. So, I'm gonna find It's the bottom row. So, I'm gonna find It's the bottom row. So, I'm gonna find I'm gonna do something easy. I'm gonna do something easy. I'm gonna do something easy. Uh, and I'll show you my favorite quiet Uh, and I'll show you my favorite quiet Uh, and I'll show you my favorite quiet spot. Uh, it's not too far out of the spot. Uh, it's not too far out of the spot. Uh, it's not too far out of the way, but So, I have two favorite quiet way, but So, I have two favorite quiet way, but So, I have two favorite quiet spots. My second favorite quiet spot is spots. My second favorite quiet spot is spots. My second favorite quiet spot is uh Flame Tree Barbecue. Uh they have a uh Flame Tree Barbecue. Uh they have a uh Flame Tree Barbecue. Uh they have a really relaxing seating area. But my really relaxing seating area. But my really relaxing seating area. But my favorite quiet spot, I love to do this favorite quiet spot, I love to do this favorite quiet spot, I love to do this in the mornings if we're having a slow in the mornings if we're having a slow in the mornings if we're having a slow morning with all ears, is to get a morning with all ears, is to get a morning with all ears, is to get a coffee from Creature Comforts and do the coffee from Creature Comforts and do the coffee from Creature Comforts and do the Tree of Life Garden walk through Tree of Life Garden walk through Tree of Life Garden walk through essentially. Uh it's a really just like essentially. Uh it's a really just like essentially. Uh it's a really just like serene, peaceful walkthrough of the tree serene, peaceful walkthrough of the tree serene, peaceful walkthrough of the tree of life. Oh, so you get to see the of life. Oh, so you get to see the of life. Oh, so you get to see the animals up close and it's the closest animals up close and it's the closest animals up close and it's the closest you can actually get to the tree of you can actually get to the tree of you can actually get to the tree of life. like you can touch the tree of life. like you can touch the tree of life. like you can touch the tree of life like uh it's the highest point you life like uh it's the highest point you life like uh it's the highest point you can touch which is super cute. There's can touch which is super cute. There's can touch which is super cute. There's some waterfalls. It's currently uh uh some waterfalls. It's currently uh uh some waterfalls. It's currently uh uh under construction because they're under construction because they're under construction because they're adding these like like net roofs to adding these like like net roofs to adding these like like net roofs to catch leaves I think. I'm not quite sure catch leaves I think. I'm not quite sure catch leaves I think. I'm not quite sure what's happening. Um but we have a quiet what's happening. Um but we have a quiet what's happening. Um but we have a quiet spot. So I'm going to show you where go spot. So I'm going to show you where go spot. So I'm going to show you where go we'll go a little closer but right here we'll go a little closer but right here we'll go a little closer but right here uh I'm going to zoom this uh kind of uh I'm going to zoom this uh kind of uh I'm going to zoom this uh kind of interesting rocky outcropping that's interesting rocky outcropping that's interesting rocky outcropping that's over here by Pandora. This is a remnant over here by Pandora. This is a remnant over here by Pandora. This is a remnant of from a land that was never built. of from a land that was never built. of from a land that was never built. This was um supposed to be a part of This was um supposed to be a part of This was um supposed to be a part of Beastly Kingdom and actually was kind of Beastly Kingdom and actually was kind of Beastly Kingdom and actually was kind of um before Beastly Kingdom ever came to um before Beastly Kingdom ever came to um before Beastly Kingdom ever came to be. Beastly Kingdom was the original be. Beastly Kingdom was the original be. Beastly Kingdom was the original land that was supposed to be in Animal land that was supposed to be in Animal land that was supposed to be in Animal Kingdom um sort of where Pandora is now. Kingdom um sort of where Pandora is now. Kingdom um sort of where Pandora is now. And there was a boat ride all through And there was a boat ride all through And there was a boat ride all through these rivers of Animal Kingdom that you these rivers of Animal Kingdom that you these rivers of Animal Kingdom that you could take that would tour you around could take that would tour you around could take that would tour you around all the different lands of Animal all the different lands of Animal all the different lands of Animal Kingdom. And this was supposed to be Kingdom. And this was supposed to be Kingdom. And this was supposed to be kind of close to the stop for Beastley kind of close to the stop for Beastley kind of close to the stop for Beastley Kingdom. So, the remnant here is that Kingdom. So, the remnant here is that Kingdom. So, the remnant here is that this rock that looks like kind of like this rock that looks like kind of like this rock that looks like kind of like weird and like an open mouth and kind of weird and like an open mouth and kind of weird and like an open mouth and kind of scary was a dragon uh rock in a dragon scary was a dragon uh rock in a dragon scary was a dragon uh rock in a dragon cave. Different creatures as you went cave. Different creatures as you went cave. Different creatures as you went by. I believe you could see a sleeping by. I believe you could see a sleeping by. I believe you could see a sleeping dragon inside. Um, but this is sort of dragon inside. Um, but this is sort of dragon inside. Um, but this is sort of the best place to see what I'm talking the best place to see what I'm talking the best place to see what I'm talking about is sort of right here. Um, you can about is sort of right here. Um, you can about is sort of right here. Um, you can see it definitely looks a little out see it definitely looks a little out see it definitely looks a little out there compared to the rest of Animal there compared to the rest of Animal there compared to the rest of Animal Kingdom. They're shaped like a dragon. &gt;&gt; Wow, Quincy's really cooking today. &gt;&gt; Wow, Quincy's really cooking today. &gt;&gt; Wow, Quincy's really cooking today. She's just like doing whatever's near She's just like doing whatever's near She's just like doing whatever's near near her. I'm I'm just going to I'm just near her. I'm I'm just going to I'm just near her. I'm I'm just going to I'm just going to continue to block her and see going to continue to block her and see going to continue to block her and see what that does for me. Uh I'm going to what that does for me. Uh I'm going to what that does for me. Uh I'm going to go become a wilderness explorer. go become a wilderness explorer. go become a wilderness explorer. Becoming a wilderness explorer is uh Becoming a wilderness explorer is uh Becoming a wilderness explorer is uh essentially a fun scavenger hunt for the essentially a fun scavenger hunt for the essentially a fun scavenger hunt for the kids to do all around Animal Kingdom. kids to do all around Animal Kingdom. kids to do all around Animal Kingdom. You collect little stickers along the You collect little stickers along the You collect little stickers along the way. you learn something in each way. you learn something in each way. you learn something in each station, maybe do a small activity. Very station, maybe do a small activity. Very station, maybe do a small activity. Very fun, super cute. Obviously inspired by fun, super cute. Obviously inspired by fun, super cute. Obviously inspired by uh the movie Up, but here's where you uh the movie Up, but here's where you uh the movie Up, but here's where you can grab your first uh your little can grab your first uh your little can grab your first uh your little pamphlet. pamphlet. pamphlet. &gt;&gt; Hi. &gt;&gt; Hi. &gt;&gt; Hi. &gt;&gt; Okay, while we're in here, we're going &gt;&gt; Okay, while we're in here, we're going &gt;&gt; Okay, while we're in here, we're going to get the last column and the second to to get the last column and the second to to get the last column and the second to the last row blocked out for pointing the last row blocked out for pointing the last row blocked out for pointing out a reference to Joe Roie. We have out a reference to Joe Roie. We have out a reference to Joe Roie. We have both diagonals blocked. That will be all both diagonals blocked. That will be all both diagonals blocked. That will be all the columns. Then it will just be one the columns. Then it will just be one the columns. Then it will just be one row we need to block. Then we'll go row we need to block. Then we'll go row we need to block. Then we'll go looking for a photo pass photographer. looking for a photo pass photographer. looking for a photo pass photographer. Also going to be able to point out some Also going to be able to point out some Also going to be able to point out some Animal Kingdom exclusive snacks uh in Animal Kingdom exclusive snacks uh in Animal Kingdom exclusive snacks uh in this area because we are near Satuli this area because we are near Satuli this area because we are near Satuli Canteen and Pongu Pongu. That's where Canteen and Pongu Pongu. That's where Canteen and Pongu Pongu. That's where we're headed for the reference Joe we're headed for the reference Joe we're headed for the reference Joe Rodie. Satuli Canteen. Uh in my opinion, Rodie. Satuli Canteen. Uh in my opinion, Rodie. Satuli Canteen. Uh in my opinion, one of the best quick services in Disney one of the best quick services in Disney one of the best quick services in Disney World, if not the best. Um these are World, if not the best. Um these are World, if not the best. Um these are meals, but I would argue to say uh the meals, but I would argue to say uh the meals, but I would argue to say uh the kids meals could be a snack. Um, the kids meals could be a snack. Um, the kids meals could be a snack. Um, the blueberry cream cheese mousse is blueberry cream cheese mousse is blueberry cream cheese mousse is exclusive to here and very popular. Um, exclusive to here and very popular. Um, exclusive to here and very popular. Um, but these build your own bowls are all but these build your own bowls are all but these build your own bowls are all snacks that are exclusive as the Here's snacks that are exclusive as the Here's snacks that are exclusive as the Here's a good one. The cheeseburger steamed pod a good one. The cheeseburger steamed pod a good one. The cheeseburger steamed pod is an exclusive snack. is an exclusive snack. is an exclusive snack. &gt;&gt; So, yeah. &gt;&gt; So, yeah. &gt;&gt; So, yeah. &gt;&gt; Um, and there are things that mark as a &gt;&gt; Um, and there are things that mark as a &gt;&gt; Um, and there are things that mark as a snack credit on the Disney dining plan, snack credit on the Disney dining plan, snack credit on the Disney dining plan, which definitely makes them a snack. Um, which definitely makes them a snack. Um, which definitely makes them a snack. Um, another exclusive snack is the Pongo another exclusive snack is the Pongo another exclusive snack is the Pongo Lubia. Lubia. Lubia. The Pongo Lubia is a uh pineapple spring The Pongo Lubia is a uh pineapple spring The Pongo Lubia is a uh pineapple spring roll basically with cream cheese. It's roll basically with cream cheese. It's roll basically with cream cheese. It's sweet. Um, kind of contentious. Oh, I sweet. Um, kind of contentious. Oh, I sweet. Um, kind of contentious. Oh, I don't have my glasses on. Oh, okay. I don't have my glasses on. Oh, okay. I don't have my glasses on. Oh, okay. I can still tell. So, that can still tell. So, that can still tell. So, that this one, that top one, that is Joe this one, that top one, that is Joe this one, that top one, that is Joe Roie. Roie. Roie. That's the Joe Roie dog tag is a nod to That's the Joe Roie dog tag is a nod to That's the Joe Roie dog tag is a nod to him. Joe Roie being um the Imagineer who him. Joe Roie being um the Imagineer who him. Joe Roie being um the Imagineer who held it, helmed Animal Kingdom. held it, helmed Animal Kingdom. held it, helmed Animal Kingdom. Imagineers are Disney's team of creative Imagineers are Disney's team of creative Imagineers are Disney's team of creative engineers who build the parks and design engineers who build the parks and design engineers who build the parks and design the parks. Um Joe Roie helmed Animal the parks. Um Joe Roie helmed Animal the parks. Um Joe Roie helmed Animal Kingdom. He worked on Pandora. There are Kingdom. He worked on Pandora. There are Kingdom. He worked on Pandora. There are several nods to him in this land and in several nods to him in this land and in several nods to him in this land and in this park. Um and that is actually my this park. Um and that is actually my this park. Um and that is actually my favorite because it's an actual little favorite because it's an actual little favorite because it's an actual little picture of him. Um photo pass picture of him. Um photo pass picture of him. Um photo pass photographer while we're here. It looks photographer while we're here. It looks photographer while we're here. It looks like someone's waiting on him. I don't like someone's waiting on him. I don't like someone's waiting on him. I don't really want to wait. Uh and then really want to wait. Uh and then really want to wait. Uh and then sometimes I can see one up there. Also sometimes I can see one up there. Also sometimes I can see one up there. Also looks like they have a weight. I feel looks like they have a weight. I feel looks like they have a weight. I feel like towards the front of the park we like towards the front of the park we like towards the front of the park we might be able to find a photographer might be able to find a photographer might be able to find a photographer with no weight. So, that's going to be with no weight. So, that's going to be with no weight. So, that's going to be our preference. I think our preference. I think our preference. I think &gt;&gt; you find your favorite animal here at &gt;&gt; you find your favorite animal here at &gt;&gt; you find your favorite animal here at our park today. our park today. our park today. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And I want you to learn something new &gt;&gt; And I want you to learn something new &gt;&gt; And I want you to learn something new about that animal. about that animal. about that animal. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; And then when you go home, I want you to &gt;&gt; And then when you go home, I want you to &gt;&gt; And then when you go home, I want you to see if you can find a conservation see if you can find a conservation see if you can find a conservation organization dedicated to help organization dedicated to help organization dedicated to help protecting that animal. protecting that animal. protecting that animal. &gt;&gt; That's awesome. &gt;&gt; That's awesome. &gt;&gt; That's awesome. &gt;&gt; Then maybe this year for Christmas on &gt;&gt; Then maybe this year for Christmas on &gt;&gt; Then maybe this year for Christmas on your wish list, you can add a donation your wish list, you can add a donation your wish list, you can add a donation to that organization. to that organization. to that organization. &gt;&gt; I love that. &gt;&gt; I love that. &gt;&gt; I love that. &gt;&gt; Your favorite animal can have a merry &gt;&gt; Your favorite animal can have a merry &gt;&gt; Your favorite animal can have a merry Christmas, too. Christmas, too. Christmas, too. &gt;&gt; That's awesome. Thank you guys so much. &gt;&gt; That's awesome. Thank you guys so much. &gt;&gt; That's awesome. Thank you guys so much. I appreciate it. I appreciate it. I appreciate it. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Have fun with the orange &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Have fun with the orange &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Have fun with the orange bag. All right. bag. All right. bag. All right. &gt;&gt; Oh, I will. Thank you. I learned the &gt;&gt; Oh, I will. Thank you. I learned the &gt;&gt; Oh, I will. Thank you. I learned the call and become a wilderness explorer. call and become a wilderness explorer. call and become a wilderness explorer. Before I learned the secret B I learned Before I learned the secret B I learned Before I learned the secret B I learned a secret like handshake and things like a secret like handshake and things like a secret like handshake and things like that. I had to put the camera down cuz that. I had to put the camera down cuz that. I had to put the camera down cuz it required both hands. Oh, and this is an exclusive to Animal Oh, and this is an exclusive to Animal Oh, and this is an exclusive to Animal Kingdom. So, I'll just go ahead and grab Kingdom. So, I'll just go ahead and grab Kingdom. So, I'll just go ahead and grab that. This is the Fruits Samora fruit that. This is the Fruits Samora fruit that. This is the Fruits Samora fruit bar. It is a fruit bar exclusive to bar. It is a fruit bar exclusive to bar. It is a fruit bar exclusive to Animal Kingdom and Pandora specifically. Animal Kingdom and Pandora specifically. Animal Kingdom and Pandora specifically. You can only get it at this ice cream You can only get it at this ice cream You can only get it at this ice cream stand here in Pandora. Um, which will stand here in Pandora. Um, which will stand here in Pandora. Um, which will count it. I guess I'll count as my You count it. I guess I'll count as my You count it. I guess I'll count as my You can't use the same thing for two can't use the same thing for two can't use the same thing for two squares, so I'm not going to get it. I'm squares, so I'm not going to get it. I'm squares, so I'm not going to get it. I'm going to count it as my exclusive snack. going to count it as my exclusive snack. going to count it as my exclusive snack. Okay, wait. Okay, wait. Okay, wait. Hang on. With that, all my rows are Hang on. With that, all my rows are Hang on. With that, all my rows are blocked. All my columns are blocked. My blocked. All my columns are blocked. My blocked. All my columns are blocked. My diagonals are blocked. Okay. Nice little diagonals are blocked. Okay. Nice little diagonals are blocked. Okay. Nice little lap around a couple lands of Animal lap around a couple lands of Animal lap around a couple lands of Animal Kingdom. And that means that Sage can't Kingdom. And that means that Sage can't Kingdom. And that means that Sage can't get any five in a rows. Let me just get any five in a rows. Let me just get any five in a rows. Let me just confirm. Rows. Rows, rows, rows, rows. confirm. Rows. Rows, rows, rows, rows. confirm. Rows. Rows, rows, rows, rows. Okay. Column, column, column, column, Okay. Column, column, column, column, Okay. Column, column, column, column, column. All right. Oh, and diagonal, column. All right. Oh, and diagonal, column. All right. Oh, and diagonal, diagonal. Yeah. Okay. And I actually diagonal. Yeah. Okay. And I actually diagonal. Yeah. Okay. And I actually only need to do two things to be able to only need to do two things to be able to only need to do two things to be able to get on one of the diagonals. The problem get on one of the diagonals. The problem get on one of the diagonals. The problem is both of the things take a really long is both of the things take a really long is both of the things take a really long time. Uh, that said, I don't have to time. Uh, that said, I don't have to time. Uh, that said, I don't have to worry about him getting any five in a worry about him getting any five in a worry about him getting any five in a rows. Why have I never thought of this rows. Why have I never thought of this rows. Why have I never thought of this before? I've been playing scavenger before? I've been playing scavenger before? I've been playing scavenger hunts legitimately for like four to five hunts legitimately for like four to five hunts legitimately for like four to five years and I've literally never thought years and I've literally never thought years and I've literally never thought of just doing a bunch of easy ones to of just doing a bunch of easy ones to of just doing a bunch of easy ones to lock up the board. lock up the board. lock up the board. &gt;&gt; So I think I'm if I'm looking at this &gt;&gt; So I think I'm if I'm looking at this &gt;&gt; So I think I'm if I'm looking at this right, there's only one way for her to right, there's only one way for her to right, there's only one way for her to get a row and that is the diagonal. But get a row and that is the diagonal. But get a row and that is the diagonal. But she would have to attend Zootopia. She she would have to attend Zootopia. She she would have to attend Zootopia. She would have to attend Zoo Gather Day would have to attend Zoo Gather Day would have to attend Zoo Gather Day which is essentially watching Zootopia which is essentially watching Zootopia which is essentially watching Zootopia better gather and she'd have to pet an better gather and she'd have to pet an better gather and she'd have to pet an animal. Hey, animal. Hey, animal. Hey, &gt;&gt; are you just like doing whatever's &gt;&gt; are you just like doing whatever's &gt;&gt; are you just like doing whatever's you're around? you're around? you're around? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Is that what you're doing? &gt;&gt; Is that what you're doing? &gt;&gt; Is that what you're doing? &gt;&gt; No. Well, because I got lost in the &gt;&gt; No. Well, because I got lost in the &gt;&gt; No. Well, because I got lost in the crowd for so long, I was like I just I crowd for so long, I was like I just I crowd for so long, I was like I just I guess my game is just blocking Quincy. guess my game is just blocking Quincy. guess my game is just blocking Quincy. &gt;&gt; Do you know what I was doing? &gt;&gt; Do you know what I was doing? &gt;&gt; Do you know what I was doing? &gt;&gt; What &gt;&gt; What &gt;&gt; What &gt;&gt; I was doing? I've made a very quick path &gt;&gt; I was doing? I've made a very quick path &gt;&gt; I was doing? I've made a very quick path to be able to make it so that you can't to be able to make it so that you can't to be able to make it so that you can't get a single five in a row. get a single five in a row. get a single five in a row. &gt;&gt; You worked. But now I think the only I &gt;&gt; You worked. But now I think the only I &gt;&gt; You worked. But now I think the only I think now I think think now I think think now I think &gt;&gt; you have to do numbers. that there's no &gt;&gt; you have to do numbers. that there's no &gt;&gt; you have to do numbers. that there's no I think or or are you gonna ride this or I think or or are you gonna ride this or I think or or are you gonna ride this or are you gonna do Zootopia and and are you gonna do Zootopia and and are you gonna do Zootopia and and Wildlife Express before because I think Wildlife Express before because I think Wildlife Express before because I think everything is blocked now, right? Are everything is blocked now, right? Are everything is blocked now, right? Are you going to go see Zootopia? you going to go see Zootopia? you going to go see Zootopia? &gt;&gt; Well, there's more that it's not &gt;&gt; Well, there's more that it's not &gt;&gt; Well, there's more that it's not blocked. blocked. blocked. &gt;&gt; All right, I guess you all right. Yeah, he does have to block all right. Yeah, he does have to block all right. Yeah, he does have to block me. I have Okay, so David Graveyard is really deep Okay, so David Graveyard is really deep Okay, so David Graveyard is really deep in the queue for Zootopia and I could in the queue for Zootopia and I could in the queue for Zootopia and I could get him. I mean, he is probably going to get him. I mean, he is probably going to get him. I mean, he is probably going to block me, but block me, but block me, but could technically rack up numbers while could technically rack up numbers while could technically rack up numbers while I was doing just those two. So, I'm I was doing just those two. So, I'm I was doing just those two. So, I'm going to try to do these going to try to do these going to try to do these have that have a little bit quicker. have that have a little bit quicker. have that have a little bit quicker. Well, I am going to move towards Asia. I Well, I am going to move towards Asia. I Well, I am going to move towards Asia. I might be able to find a non-native plant might be able to find a non-native plant might be able to find a non-native plant in Maharaja Jungle Trick. That is the in Maharaja Jungle Trick. That is the in Maharaja Jungle Trick. That is the walking path that uh takes you through a walking path that uh takes you through a walking path that uh takes you through a lot of animals that are native to Asia lot of animals that are native to Asia lot of animals that are native to Asia and hopefully some plants. And the good and hopefully some plants. And the good and hopefully some plants. And the good news is there are cast members who I can news is there are cast members who I can news is there are cast members who I can ask about the plant life in there who ask about the plant life in there who ask about the plant life in there who might be able to confirm for me. You might be able to confirm for me. You might be able to confirm for me. You know what? I'm going to do it. I know know what? I'm going to do it. I know know what? I'm going to do it. I know where she's going. She's going to ride where she's going. She's going to ride where she's going. She's going to ride dinosaur dinosaur dinosaur cuz now this is potent. This is pretty cuz now this is potent. This is pretty cuz now this is potent. This is pretty much a numbers game, but I think I think much a numbers game, but I think I think much a numbers game, but I think I think I'm going to do Zootopia. Yep. I because I'm going to do Zootopia. Yep. I because I'm going to do Zootopia. Yep. I because I think that'll that if I if I find I think that'll that if I if I find I think that'll that if I if I find David Greybeard David Greybeard David Greybeard and and and do better uh better together day and I do better uh better together day and I do better uh better together day and I think we'll be in good shape. We'll be think we'll be in good shape. We'll be think we'll be in good shape. We'll be she'll There's no way she can get five she'll There's no way she can get five she'll There's no way she can get five in a row. I think hopefully her strategy in a row. I think hopefully her strategy in a row. I think hopefully her strategy has counteracted by my strategy. All has counteracted by my strategy. All has counteracted by my strategy. All right. Zootopia betters together now. It right. Zootopia betters together now. It right. Zootopia betters together now. It says 25-minute wait. I don't totally buy says 25-minute wait. I don't totally buy says 25-minute wait. I don't totally buy it. It always had 15-minute wait for it it. It always had 15-minute wait for it it. It always had 15-minute wait for it predecessor, which was uh it's tough to predecessor, which was uh it's tough to predecessor, which was uh it's tough to be a bug. be a bug. be a bug. And that was never true. It was always a And that was never true. It was always a And that was never true. It was always a walk-on. Uh I do expect a little bit of walk-on. Uh I do expect a little bit of walk-on. Uh I do expect a little bit of a line because this is a newer a line because this is a newer a line because this is a newer experience and we're filming during one experience and we're filming during one experience and we're filming during one of the busier times of the year. So, oh of the busier times of the year. So, oh of the busier times of the year. So, oh man, there is a line. Ah, darn. man, there is a line. Ah, darn. man, there is a line. Ah, darn. &gt;&gt; I know that a mural of the tiger is in &gt;&gt; I know that a mural of the tiger is in &gt;&gt; I know that a mural of the tiger is in Maharaja Jungle Truck. So, even if I Maharaja Jungle Truck. So, even if I Maharaja Jungle Truck. So, even if I can't identify a plant species that is can't identify a plant species that is can't identify a plant species that is not native to Florida, then not native to Florida, then not native to Florida, then I will still be able to get mural the I will still be able to get mural the I will still be able to get mural the tiger back there. But it is a long walk. tiger back there. But it is a long walk. tiger back there. But it is a long walk. Luckily, my legs are moving fast. Luckily, my legs are moving fast. Luckily, my legs are moving fast. &gt;&gt; Yeah, they've got these new like nets &gt;&gt; Yeah, they've got these new like nets &gt;&gt; Yeah, they've got these new like nets net roofs everywhere. It's got to be for net roofs everywhere. It's got to be for net roofs everywhere. It's got to be for cleaning, right? cleaning, right? cleaning, right? It's like too it's like too hard to It's like too it's like too hard to It's like too it's like too hard to clean all the leaves, maybe. I really clean all the leaves, maybe. I really clean all the leaves, maybe. I really don't know. All right, I'm cutting back don't know. All right, I'm cutting back don't know. All right, I'm cutting back around this path that goes around the around this path that goes around the around this path that goes around the Gibbons exhibit um to go over towards Gibbons exhibit um to go over towards Gibbons exhibit um to go over towards Cali River Rapids, which is where you'll Cali River Rapids, which is where you'll Cali River Rapids, which is where you'll find Maharaja Jungle Truck in the very find Maharaja Jungle Truck in the very find Maharaja Jungle Truck in the very back of Asia in Animal Kingdom. Tiger back of Asia in Animal Kingdom. Tiger back of Asia in Animal Kingdom. Tiger painted on the sign for Maharaja Jungle painted on the sign for Maharaja Jungle painted on the sign for Maharaja Jungle Truck because there's a tiger exhibit Truck because there's a tiger exhibit Truck because there's a tiger exhibit here. You can see real tigers. So cool. here. You can see real tigers. So cool. here. You can see real tigers. So cool. Um, and along the way we are going to Um, and along the way we are going to Um, and along the way we are going to find out find out find out if there are any plants in Maharaja if there are any plants in Maharaja if there are any plants in Maharaja Jungle Track that are not native to Jungle Track that are not native to Jungle Track that are not native to Florida. I assume there are some Florida. I assume there are some Florida. I assume there are some elsewhere, but I don't know how to elsewhere, but I don't know how to elsewhere, but I don't know how to confirm this. You can't see through the confirm this. You can't see through the confirm this. You can't see through the people, but that's where you can find people, but that's where you can find people, but that's where you can find David Gravey Beard. So, found it. David Gravey Beard. So, found it. David Gravey Beard. So, found it. Claiming it. Found it. A little plaque. Claiming it. Found it. A little plaque. Claiming it. Found it. A little plaque. There we go. There we go. There we go. &gt;&gt; Right here behind these uh trees, &gt;&gt; Right here behind these uh trees, &gt;&gt; Right here behind these uh trees, there's a mural of a tiger. Um, this is there's a mural of a tiger. Um, this is there's a mural of a tiger. Um, this is very prominent in a home video of me in very prominent in a home video of me in very prominent in a home video of me in Animal Kingdom the year it opened when Animal Kingdom the year it opened when Animal Kingdom the year it opened when this was still kind of under this was still kind of under this was still kind of under construction. Is this mural of a tiger? &gt;&gt; Native to Florida. &gt;&gt; Native to Florida. &gt;&gt; Native to Florida. &gt;&gt; Oh, this one right here that's got all &gt;&gt; Oh, this one right here that's got all &gt;&gt; Oh, this one right here that's got all the fruit on it. the fruit on it. the fruit on it. &gt;&gt; It's bitter orange. It's an Asian pal. &gt;&gt; It's bitter orange. It's an Asian pal. &gt;&gt; It's bitter orange. It's an Asian pal. &gt;&gt; Oh, very cool. Thank you so much, Corey. &gt;&gt; Oh, very cool. Thank you so much, Corey. &gt;&gt; Oh, very cool. Thank you so much, Corey. This is a bitter citrus tree which is a This is a bitter citrus tree which is a This is a bitter citrus tree which is a cultivar that is originally Asian cultivar that is originally Asian cultivar that is originally Asian growing right here and blooming right growing right here and blooming right growing right here and blooming right now which is super cool or not blooming now which is super cool or not blooming now which is super cool or not blooming fruing. Um that's awesome. Um, and we just have to get over to Um, and we just have to get over to Um, and we just have to get over to Rafiki's Planet Watch to find out what Rafiki's Planet Watch to find out what Rafiki's Planet Watch to find out what they're drawing today, which is far, but they're drawing today, which is far, but they're drawing today, which is far, but as long as Sage hasn't as long as Sage hasn't as long as Sage hasn't started out going over there before me. started out going over there before me. started out going over there before me. Jungle Trek continues this way. Okay. Jungle Trek continues this way. Okay. Jungle Trek continues this way. Okay. Okay. I'm going to skip birds, actually. Okay. I'm going to skip birds, actually. Okay. I'm going to skip birds, actually. What you can do if you're either scared What you can do if you're either scared What you can do if you're either scared of birds or you have a service animal, of birds or you have a service animal, of birds or you have a service animal, uh, you can take this side path that uh, you can take this side path that uh, you can take this side path that bypasses the little bird sanctuary. bypasses the little bird sanctuary. bypasses the little bird sanctuary. Um, in my instance here, it's just a lot Um, in my instance here, it's just a lot Um, in my instance here, it's just a lot quicker to book it this way. I hear the train horn. I'm probably I hear the train horn. I'm probably I hear the train horn. I'm probably missing it. Is it up there? missing it. Is it up there? missing it. Is it up there? &gt;&gt; Maybe. Yeah, it looks like it. &gt;&gt; Maybe. Yeah, it looks like it. &gt;&gt; Maybe. Yeah, it looks like it. Oh, there's a Goofy meet and greet back Oh, there's a Goofy meet and greet back Oh, there's a Goofy meet and greet back here. Well, nobody in line to meet here. Well, nobody in line to meet here. Well, nobody in line to meet Goofy, so I figured Goofy, so I figured Goofy, so I figured &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I figured I'd come see my friend. So, I figured I'd come see my friend. So, I figured I'd come see my friend. Hi, Goofy. &gt;&gt; Sorry. &gt;&gt; Sorry. &gt;&gt; Sorry. &gt;&gt; How's it going? Hey, &gt;&gt; How's it going? Hey, &gt;&gt; How's it going? Hey, my phone. my phone. my phone. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. That's okay. Oh my gosh. Did &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. That's okay. Oh my gosh. Did &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. That's okay. Oh my gosh. Did you take that? That's a pretty good you take that? That's a pretty good you take that? That's a pretty good selfie, Goofy. selfie, Goofy. selfie, Goofy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's pretty good. Yeah. What are &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's pretty good. Yeah. What are &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's pretty good. Yeah. What are you all packed up for? Oh, you're bird you all packed up for? Oh, you're bird you all packed up for? Oh, you're bird watching. I love bird watching. You've watching. I love bird watching. You've watching. I love bird watching. You've seen some pretty fun ones. Oh, little seen some pretty fun ones. Oh, little seen some pretty fun ones. Oh, little song and dance birdies. Yeah, those are song and dance birdies. Yeah, those are song and dance birdies. Yeah, those are cute. Really, really big birdies are cute. Really, really big birdies are cute. Really, really big birdies are kind of scary. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You got kind of scary. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You got kind of scary. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You got to hide from a little bit. You've seen to hide from a little bit. You've seen to hide from a little bit. You've seen four, so maybe you're getting braver four, so maybe you're getting braver four, so maybe you're getting braver with them. Okay. I haven't gotten word from Sage Okay. I haven't gotten word from Sage Okay. I haven't gotten word from Sage Lee has completed anything at Fast Lee has completed anything at Fast Lee has completed anything at Fast Planet Watch, so I might be here alone. Planet Watch, so I might be here alone. Planet Watch, so I might be here alone. Um, my legs are really tired because Um, my legs are really tired because Um, my legs are really tired because I've laughed been basically doing laps I've laughed been basically doing laps I've laughed been basically doing laps in Animal Kingdom. in Animal Kingdom. in Animal Kingdom. But we're at Rafik's Planet Watch. But we're at Rafik's Planet Watch. But we're at Rafik's Planet Watch. Here's the petting zoo. Oh, and they fed Here's the petting zoo. Oh, and they fed Here's the petting zoo. Oh, and they fed them. Look at all the sheep. I love them. Look at all the sheep. I love them. Look at all the sheep. I love sheep. When I went to New Zealand as a sheep. When I went to New Zealand as a sheep. When I went to New Zealand as a teenager, which was awesome. Uh, one of teenager, which was awesome. Uh, one of teenager, which was awesome. Uh, one of my must dos was to pet a lamb at my must dos was to pet a lamb at my must dos was to pet a lamb at Hobbiton, and I did get to do it. It's a Hobbiton, and I did get to do it. It's a Hobbiton, and I did get to do it. It's a big lamb, and I was feeding it. It was big lamb, and I was feeding it. It was big lamb, and I was feeding it. It was um very excited to be having some milk, um very excited to be having some milk, um very excited to be having some milk, but I pet it. I've never seen such an but I pet it. I've never seen such an but I pet it. I've never seen such an organized pin board. Oh, Rafiki. It's organized pin board. Oh, Rafiki. It's organized pin board. Oh, Rafiki. It's right there. Ah, they're drawing. right there. Ah, they're drawing. right there. Ah, they're drawing. Sir Hiss. Put this in right after I say Sir Hiss. Put this in right after I say Sir Hiss. Put this in right after I say Sir His. I said Sir Hiss. That's Ka. Sir His. I said Sir Hiss. That's Ka. Sir His. I said Sir Hiss. That's Ka. It's Ka from Jungle Book. It's not Sir It's Ka from Jungle Book. It's not Sir It's Ka from Jungle Book. It's not Sir Hiss. Okay. I know my animated snakes. Hiss. Okay. I know my animated snakes. Hiss. Okay. I know my animated snakes. Regardless, they're drawing CA. I almost Regardless, they're drawing CA. I almost Regardless, they're drawing CA. I almost said Sir Hiss again. said Sir Hiss again. said Sir Hiss again. Sir is a better name for a snake. Good game, Starky. Good game, Starky. Good game, Starky. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, and jokes's on you, I was &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, and jokes's on you, I was &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, and jokes's on you, I was going to see Zootopia either way. going to see Zootopia either way. going to see Zootopia either way. &gt;&gt; You were going to see Zootopia. &gt;&gt; You were going to see Zootopia. &gt;&gt; You were going to see Zootopia. &gt;&gt; I'm tired. &gt;&gt; I'm tired. &gt;&gt; I'm tired. &gt;&gt; That was his first time. &gt;&gt; That was his first time. &gt;&gt; That was his first time. &gt;&gt; Honest. No. Yeah. It was super cute. I &gt;&gt; Honest. No. Yeah. It was super cute. I &gt;&gt; Honest. No. Yeah. It was super cute. I love I liked it a lot. He relates a lot love I liked it a lot. He relates a lot love I liked it a lot. He relates a lot to Shakira. So, anytime that Shakira is to Shakira. So, anytime that Shakira is to Shakira. So, anytime that Shakira is in anything, he gets requested. And you in anything, he gets requested. And you in anything, he gets requested. And you can I don't even have to say it, but you can I don't even have to say it, but you can I don't even have to say it, but you can tell why he relates to Shakira. can tell why he relates to Shakira. can tell why he relates to Shakira. Anyway, thank you guys so much for Anyway, thank you guys so much for Anyway, thank you guys so much for watching. If you're still here, like watching. If you're still here, like watching. If you're still here, like this video and drop this secret code in this video and drop this secret code in this video and drop this secret code in the comments so you know we know you the comments so you know we know you the comments so you know we know you made it all the way. Plus, don't forget made it all the way. Plus, don't forget made it all the way. Plus, don't forget to subscribe. We upload tips, info, to subscribe. We upload tips, info, to subscribe. We upload tips, info, games, and more from Disney World and games, and more from Disney World and games, and more from Disney World and beyond all week. Why? Because we're beyond all week. Why? Because we're beyond all week. Why? Because we're serious about five.
