---
video_id: v8rHXToo6rU
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Disney for Dummies - Dining 🍔🍽️🥤"
published: 2026-01-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8rHXToo6rU
---
Disney is way bigger and way more Disney is way bigger and way more Disney is way bigger and way more complicated than you think it is. Today, complicated than you think it is. Today, complicated than you think it is. Today, I'm breaking it down so that even a I'm breaking it down so that even a I'm breaking it down so that even a dummy can understand it. First, you need dummy can understand it. First, you need dummy can understand it. First, you need to know the difference between quick to know the difference between quick to know the difference between quick service and table service. A quick service and table service. A quick service and table service. A quick service in Disney World is think a walk service in Disney World is think a walk service in Disney World is think a walk up counter, more fast food type of up counter, more fast food type of up counter, more fast food type of items. You're going to go order it, then items. You're going to go order it, then items. You're going to go order it, then you're going to go sit down at your you're going to go sit down at your you're going to go sit down at your table and enjoy. A table service is a table and enjoy. A table service is a table and enjoy. A table service is a nicer sit down, sit at the table. A nicer sit down, sit at the table. A nicer sit down, sit at the table. A waiter or waitress comes to you and waiter or waitress comes to you and waiter or waitress comes to you and waits on you throughout your entire waits on you throughout your entire waits on you throughout your entire meal. You also need to know about mobile meal. You also need to know about mobile meal. You also need to know about mobile order in the parks. Mobile order is on order in the parks. Mobile order is on order in the parks. Mobile order is on the My Disney Experience app on your the My Disney Experience app on your the My Disney Experience app on your phone. And you can mobile order from phone. And you can mobile order from phone. And you can mobile order from quick service restaurants when you're quick service restaurants when you're quick service restaurants when you're walking around the park. If the lines walking around the park. If the lines walking around the park. If the lines are really long at a restaurant, you can are really long at a restaurant, you can are really long at a restaurant, you can order ahead of time on your phone and order ahead of time on your phone and order ahead of time on your phone and then you'll say, "I'm here." They will then you'll say, "I'm here." They will then you'll say, "I'm here." They will make it for you and you can grab your make it for you and you can grab your make it for you and you can grab your food. It's a lot easier and you wait a food. It's a lot easier and you wait a food. It's a lot easier and you wait a lot less. Now, the Disney dining plan lot less. Now, the Disney dining plan lot less. Now, the Disney dining plan can sound very complicated and it kind can sound very complicated and it kind can sound very complicated and it kind of is complicated. Basically, it is of is complicated. Basically, it is of is complicated. Basically, it is something where you are prepaying for something where you are prepaying for something where you are prepaying for all of your dining months in advance, all of your dining months in advance, all of your dining months in advance, way before you actually get to Disney way before you actually get to Disney way before you actually get to Disney World. So, you pay for your dining ahead World. So, you pay for your dining ahead World. So, you pay for your dining ahead of time and then while you are on of time and then while you are on of time and then while you are on vacation, you have a certain number of vacation, you have a certain number of vacation, you have a certain number of credits that you can spend throughout credits that you can spend throughout credits that you can spend throughout the parks while you're on vacation. It the parks while you're on vacation. It the parks while you're on vacation. It makes it a lot easier thinking on the go makes it a lot easier thinking on the go makes it a lot easier thinking on the go so that you don't have to pull out your so that you don't have to pull out your so that you don't have to pull out your wallet every time you sit down and eat. wallet every time you sit down and eat. wallet every time you sit down and eat. You've already prepaid for it. It's You've already prepaid for it. It's You've already prepaid for it. It's already taken care of. So, you just need already taken care of. So, you just need already taken care of. So, you just need to find out how many credits you can use to find out how many credits you can use to find out how many credits you can use at various locations. And a lot of the at various locations. And a lot of the at various locations. And a lot of the times we don't usually recommend the times we don't usually recommend the times we don't usually recommend the Disney dining plan because it is really, Disney dining plan because it is really, Disney dining plan because it is really, really hard to get your money's worth on really hard to get your money's worth on really hard to get your money's worth on this service. The keys to getting the this service. The keys to getting the this service. The keys to getting the most out of your dining plan is to use most out of your dining plan is to use most out of your dining plan is to use table service restaurants for your most table service restaurants for your most table service restaurants for your most expensive dining and look at that menu expensive dining and look at that menu expensive dining and look at that menu and get the most expensive item. Like if and get the most expensive item. Like if and get the most expensive item. Like if you were on the dining plan eating at a you were on the dining plan eating at a you were on the dining plan eating at a table service restaurant, you have table service restaurant, you have table service restaurant, you have already prepaid for this. Get the already prepaid for this. Get the already prepaid for this. Get the lobster, get the steak, get the most lobster, get the steak, get the most lobster, get the steak, get the most expensive thing on that menu. That is expensive thing on that menu. That is expensive thing on that menu. That is pretty much the advice that I will give pretty much the advice that I will give pretty much the advice that I will give you. Get your money's worth. But there's you. Get your money's worth. But there's you. Get your money's worth. But there's also things like snack credits, which also things like snack credits, which also things like snack credits, which can be like a Mickey pretzel or an ice can be like a Mickey pretzel or an ice can be like a Mickey pretzel or an ice cream bar. We recommend using them on cream bar. We recommend using them on cream bar. We recommend using them on Epcot Festival snacks when you're Epcot Festival snacks when you're Epcot Festival snacks when you're snacking around the world. Hey, check snacking around the world. Hey, check snacking around the world. Hey, check out this Flower and Garden tea. Super out this Flower and Garden tea. Super out this Flower and Garden tea. Super cute. Love it. But yes, use your snack cute. Love it. But yes, use your snack cute. Love it. But yes, use your snack credits on booth around any festival. credits on booth around any festival. credits on booth around any festival. Doesn't matter which one, because a lot Doesn't matter which one, because a lot Doesn't matter which one, because a lot of the times those are snack credits. of the times those are snack credits. of the times those are snack credits. The Disney dining plan is all about The Disney dining plan is all about The Disney dining plan is all about strategy and pre-planning. And if you strategy and pre-planning. And if you strategy and pre-planning. And if you don't do that ahead of time, you're not don't do that ahead of time, you're not don't do that ahead of time, you're not going to get your money's worth. Be sure going to get your money's worth. Be sure going to get your money's worth. Be sure to head to the link in our bio for our to head to the link in our bio for our to head to the link in our bio for our top dining picks all across the parks top dining picks all across the parks top dining picks all across the parks and followers for
