---
video_id: QoOojgYFh1Y
channel: AllEars.net
title: "One of the MOST IMPRESSIVE Tricks Disney Has Ever Created 🚨 SPOILER WARNING 🚨"
published: 2026-02-16
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QoOojgYFh1Y
---
Today we're spoiling the magic. Let's start with one that you might have seen online because it goes viral constantly. Over in Tokyo Disney on the enchanted tale of Beauty and the Beast ride is one of the most impressive illusions that Disney has where Beast transforms from his beast form to his handsome prince form. So, how do they do it? Well, I'll tell you. It's a many layered effect. First layer, Pepper's ghost. This is one that is a very classic magic trick, honestly, that Disney uses in their rides. One of the most famous examples is Haunted Mansion. That's how all the ghosts look like ghosts. Pepper's ghost is actually an effect that dates all the way back to the 1800s and it is done with a sheet of myar being stretched across the scene at a 45° angle. In this case, the myar reflects an image of the beast. So, it looks like he is actually floating there. Now, in most cases with Pepper's ghost, it's makes them look like a ghost. That's why it's called that. But with the beast, it uses very high-tech projection mapping in conjunction with the Pepper's ghost. So, it makes it look like the entire beast is actually physically fully there and solid when they usually look like ghostly and translucent. That's part one. The beast itself is actually a static figure that is hidden above the scene that you're looking at, and he's attached to a black robotic arm called a cucka arm. The beast's body is actually split in two with the robotic arm connected in the center, so it allows him to rotate 360°. combine that rotating effect, bounce the beast off the myar and it looks like a real floating rotating beast is there in real life. The animatronic is actually hidden below the stage in a pit that is completely impossible to see. Even if you're looking for it, you will not see it because of the set design and the lighting. As the beast begins to fade away, the prince rises up fast, perfectly matching the timing. And the prince does that little lift before he lands on the ground. That's because his feet have two dark metal rods which let him look like he's sort of floating before making contact with the ground. And even all of that is not enough to sell this illusion because there is another layer of lighting. The scene uses 11 projectors to help light this and make it look realistic. And elsewhere, the lighting is very dim so that you can't see any of the tech behind the magic. You might even notice there are some clouds behind the beast that start to appear right as the illusion starts to kick in to give your brain something else to look at and really help to sell the transformation. All of this comes together to create one of the most mind-blowing visual illusions ever, especially on a theme park ride. Every element from the robotics to the projection mapping to the lighting and music is timed to the absolute millisecond. And obviously some very very smart, very very talented, and very very creative people made this happen. So, though it might seem like pixie dust or magic when you're riding these rides, the true magic is actually the thought and intentionality from the imagineers that are designing these attractions.
