---
video_id: 5UGQufR1DlY
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Disney World ALL FOUR PARKS Speedrun (We Weren't Ready)"
published: 2026-02-28
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UGQufR1DlY
---
Hey everybody, you're watching Ollie and today we are racing to speedun Disney World. >> We got to go. >> We are off to the races here. My first park is Magic Kingdom. It feels so quiet. I know I'm not really like in the park yet, but it feels very quiet. Um my dream is that there would be a Main Street vehicle right now. I highly doubt I will be so lucky. Main Street vehicles run very rarely throughout the day. They run early early in the morning. Once the castle shows start, the parades start. They start to get a little less common. And I do think we're getting a bit close to parade time for main street vehicles, which does mean for us to get rider attraction. Or we can meet Mickey Mouse, who is only a 15minute wait. That'll do. And then we just need a park icon and park icon. And we just need to take a picture of the park icon. I guess we'll figure out how to do that quickly. Um, but this is not bad for meeting Mickey. And I think it's saving us a walk. Okay. I have chosen to start in Animal Kingdom. I figured it'd be you know all those games where it's like the person who goes the farthest away first. It's quicker in the end. Um Kevin's here. Love that. But anyways, I've chosen to do Animal Kingdom first. We're going to walk up get a picture with the treat. I'm probably going to get a snack from Flame Tree Barbecue. My idea is to go see Zootopia Better Zoo together. I haven't seen it yet and it's probably a quick little show. I don't want to walk very far for this challenge. So, that was my first thought. We'll see how it goes. Ready? Reveal in three, two, one. Sorry, that was really bad. Very pretty, pretty pretty tree. Now, let's go see what the wait time is for Zootopia. Hopefully, it's not too long, but in the end, we'll just have to wait how 15 minutes for the next show to start. Okay, made it to the studios. As soon as I tap in, my timer starts. So, let's go ahead and get started. Okay, in each park, I have to take a picture with the icon. It does not have to be a photo pass picture. It can just be a selfie with my phone. Then, I have to grab a snack and ride a ride. So, I think or ride a ride, an attraction, anything with a wait time. So, if you want it to be a short show, it can be a short show. If you want it to be a long ride for whatever reason, it can be a long ride. I think I'm going to head straight towards maybe let's go on do our photo. I think I'm probably going to do vacation fun. Although, wait times have been low today. So, I'll either do vacation fun or Star Tours. I will check on a walk over, grab what is most likely a Wookie cookie, and then we're headed out. After that, I think I'm going to go to probably Animal Kingdom, even though it's a little bit further out. Head back, go towards EP code, and then perhaps finish at Magic. I think I don't know. It can be a little bit hard to decide what's right, what's wrong. There's also when you're on vacation, no super right, no super wrongs. It's all depending on what you want to do. And I guess in a way, that's kind of how this video is for me. Okay, pals. It's looking like the next show for vacation fun is in 3 minutes. Vacation fun is a really great way to get out of the heat. It is over here Neco Lake and it's just a compilation of some fun Mickey shorts in a very cute Mickey themed theater. So, we're going to catch our breath for a moment. I know we just started, but catch our breath and then enjoy some AC and then head on in or head on in head on out of the park for the most part after our cookie. Okay, I've chosen my seat here. Now, this is one of the few things in Disney World that you cannot film, so I will not be filming it, but you can see that I'm here. Trust face, pixie dust, all that yada yada. Hi Mickey. How's it going? I come with a very important question. Put this down. >> I know you're a pretty good magician. I wanted to know your favorite magic trick. >> Yeah, I know. You've got lots of stuff in here. It could be anything. >> Yeah. >> Oh no. >> Okay. So, usually it's the rabbit act. Um >> I see. But it's a magical disappearing rabbit. >> Yes. And it disappeared before Mickey could make it. >> Mickey. Wow. All right. I famously hated It Stuck to Be a Bug. I think Better's Together is much better. I prefer that show. All of the gags are still in there, but they're in a funny way. No kids were screaming, scared, they were laughing at all of the same kind of things. Like even like the seat still moves underneath you, but it was a funny way. It's not scary like it used to be with bugs. So, really loved that. I mobile ordered my snack for this park. So, now we're walking over to Flame Tree Barbecue. I got some French fries. So, once we eat those, we'll be done. And I think what I'm going to do for the most part, going to get my snack last so that I can eat my snack walking out of the park each time. So, that's the plan. I've already clicked on here, prepare my order, so it should be pretty fast. All right, snack acquired. I got the black garlic truffle and parmesan fries from Flame Tree Bbecue. Uh, it's kind of a bigger helping than I really want or need, but I needed a savory option before I start getting all the sweet snacks. So, I'm going to eat this on the way out to the buses where we are going to get on a bus and go to I can't remember. I have it listed out in my notes. It's either Epcot or Hollywood Studios. I can't remember. But, I'm going to put the camera away and eat my fries. >> I really love it. It doesn't take a long time. And there's a lot of fun photo ops at the end of the show. One of our favorites being Potato Land, which is super super cheap. Now, I will say I said I was going to go get a Wookie cookie, which you can get at um Backpot, which is a quick service here, and it's super popular. It's a very famous snack, but I just remembered that drinks also count. And I'm pretty sure, let's see if they still have it. There was a New Yorker cold brew that you can get at Epic Eats, but I don't know if they still have it, so we're going to see. I got an awesome Mickey meet and greet there. Um, so one of my big rules is that when you're looking at weight times in Disney World, most of the time they are fairly accurate. There are some exceptions. Um, first hour of the day they can be a little wonky. Last hour of the day they can be a little wonky. Character meet and greets, they can certainly be wonky. Mickey is an exception. Mickey's meet and greet runs like clockwork. Here in Magic Kingdom, in other parks, it can vary still a bit, but in this park, Mickey's wait time will probably be pretty accurate. So, I waited a little less. Um, I waited about I think like 11 minutes. So, it was closer to 10:00. Um, still got to do my picture and my snack. And I think for snack the easiest thing to do, I think is going to be something out of the confectioner or the ice cream parlor. Do I want ice cream right now? Wild to like start the game off with a little ice cream. I don't think it's that wild. So, maybe a little kids cup of ice cream is in our future. I could also do Casey's Corner, get some corn dog nuggets, but I just filmed my perfect day in Magic Kingdom, uh, which is on the channel now the other day. Um, and so I, uh, just had Casey's Corner, corn dog nuggets castle, looking beautiful, and it'll look even more beautiful when they do the, uh, update to repaint it back to the color scheme that's a lot more similar to the original color scheme with the creams and the lighter blues. I am ecstatic for that to happen because I've never been the biggest fan of the pink. It's faded pretty nicely over the years, but actually what I really don't like about this pinky castle is the color, the bright bright bright royal blue of the roofs. So, I'm quite excited for it to go back to be the classic light blue that I remember. We did just take a picture. We did not have to use photo pass to do so. We can take it ourselves. So, my little selfie with the castle incoming and then I think we'll hop in here. So, it looks like a pretty short wait at Plaza Ice Cream Parlor. All right, at exactly 59 minutes, we are off the bus and at Hollywood Studios. What I'm thinking is vacation fun and getting a snack at the epic snack stand right next to Indiana Jones. I don't want to do like a little movie for all of them, but I'm trying to not walk as much. So maybe my other attraction here could be Star Wars, but sometimes I feel like that one takes a long time to board. So I think I'm I'm going to do Mickey Shorts is what I'm imagining. Oh, let me look at character lines. Olaf was short when I looked earlier, but who knows what that is now. And it still says Olaf is five. I've met so many characters in the past two days that I don't really want to do that. But maybe I should. I don't know. I don't know. Okay, I'm going to make the call. Epic heat is just taking too long. The line wasn't moving at all. I gave it 5 minutes. It did move an inch. And a lot of people are actually there for deep fried ball cakes, which are delicious, but sometimes take a long time to make. It looks like Gerties is open, so I can maybe get some soft serve and still not have wasted too much time. If not, we'll go for a frozen coat. This is Gertie. It is a castle location. Fun fact. Ice cream, waffle cones, ice cream cups, hand dipped premium Mickey bars with sprinkles and ice cream sandwiches. All right, here it is. My chocolate and vanilla swirl that I got from Gertie. Super cute. I didn't get any of the bars because this feels a little bit more unique. You can get this in other parks, but I like getting ice cream from Gertie cuz she's cute. So, we are on our way out of the parks. We are tracking a little bit over time. This is where I've been conflicted on what to do next. And I think I'm going to go to Animal Kingdom, I think, cuz I'm technically the closest to Animal Kingdom right now. It's the furthest out aside from Magic. So, we'll just go ahead and bite that. That's so good. It's just soft serve, but my goodness, it's delicious. Bit too long to justify it. Plaza ice cream parlor. A pro ice cream tip. There are two lines in Plaza Ice cream parlor. A lot of times it'll get really backed up because folks think there's only you can only go one way and they just follow the person in front of them. Once you get inside that door, it splits. You can turn right or you can turn left. I have never been in there that both lines have not been opened. So, if it's not roped off, take a turn, but go in the shortest line and don't follow the person in front of you if they are going in a longer line. Could save you a lot of time. I've literally seen it where you can walk right up to the register on one side and the cast members are saying, "Hey, there's two lines and no one's listening." You can walk right up to the register instead of waiting behind another like four or five parties. So, definitely do that. The good news is you can head to Confectionary. I could mobile order, but um we're close enough to it at this point that I should just grab. I'm just gonna head in and pick something up. But what now in the confectionary you've got M&amp;M's wall, you've got freeze-dried Skittles, which are so good, by the way. Can you just get like Is this by weight? $15.99 per pound. So, I could just get like a couple freeze-dried Skittles. That is what I'm doing. Yeah, this is the best. We're going to go over here. We're going to watch the show first and then I think I'm going to get myself a float. That sounds lovely. Right now, we've made it to Vacation Fun, which is where you're going to find the Mickey Shorts cartoon. Says it's going to start in 9 minutes, do we think? >> I can down a cold brew float in 9 minutes. Here goes the Magic Kingdom bus. I'm really tempted. I'm really tempted to get on the Magic Kingdom bus. It'll take me right to the gate. Then I can get a bus to Animal Kingdom from there. And that feels like silly. Maybe this is also silly. It's just hard because I don't know when the last Animal Kingdom bus left. So like it could just be me. This could be an Animal Kingdom bus that's turning the corner. Is it? No. Saratoga Springs, I think. So yes, Saratoga Springs. So it's not Animal Kingdom. So like, should I get on this bus? I think there's a world I should get on this bus. I don't know what to do. I'm really torn. It's hard when you have multiple places you could go. It's not so cut and dry. I feel like I'm making a bad choice, but he closed the doors pretty quick because there wasn't a lot of people. So, am I locked in to Animal Kingdom? I think I am. I think I am locked into Animal Kingdom, which might be really stupid to be honest. This is great. This was $2. This is awesome. I got to remember this for if we're ever playing any games and there's a challenge to get something that's under like two bucks. Cuz if I would have gotten even fewer Skittles, this could have been under $2. It was only $2. This is awesome. Okay, I'm going to try it while we're still in Magic Kingdom. It's not easy to find these freeze-dried Skittles, unless you're freeze drying them yourself. The only two places I've seen freeze-dried Skittles are at Disney World, specifically in the convectionary, and then they're at festivals at Epcot sometimes, or occasionally I've seen them at like farmers markets, like you know, someone local at the farmers market will be making bread Skittles and selling them. I think they are so delicious. They are almost like a powdery consistency. They kind of like crack pop open your mouth and then it's like a sugary sweet powdery vibe and then they keep the flavor that the Skittles was. I don't know. If you ever see these, give them a try. Skittles were my favorite candy as a kid. I think freeze-dried Skittles are so fun. You didn't expect me to talk about Skittles as much in this video, did you? Me neither. All right, I am taking a bus. I'm actually going to be kind of buzz girl today because the order I'm going in is a little different. I actually want to go to Animal Kingdom next because Animal Kingdom closes earlier. Instead of pulling away, >> I was going to set you on the trash can. I got a cold brew float from Epic Eats right next to Indiana Jones. I'm going to sip this very quickly. I'm going to go stand over there so I can see the time. Yummy. Joffrey's cold brew. Vanilla soft serve. What does the time say? 4 minutes. Oh no. Did it. I've got really big brain freeze. >> But they're about to open the doors. >> I can't film this one. So see you after. >> Okay, we have made it. We made it to Animal Kingdom. Now we are just shy of an hour, which is not ideal. But at the end of the day, the way I try to view these games, if you guys don't know, I am the founder, leader, head, and CEO of Team Anxiety, which is just brain rot, you know, like sometimes you just get nervous. I famously so on this channel at least get nervous all the time. And that's why we are part of team anxiety cuz we're going to do it together. We're going to face those fears and we're going to do it even though we're anxious or nervous or have reservations. Now, these games a lot of times are fun. I prefer the games when my friends are all together. That's my favorite thing. The solo challenges when we're up against each other, even though I've been doing this for years at this point, still make me kind of nervous for whatever reason. I don't know. So, I feel that kind of ball in my throat building as we're doing all of this. And for me, the best way to view them is to just have fun. So, I like to win. It feels nice to win. I also just want to enjoy it. So, we're going to enjoy it today. We're going to run. We're not going to be discouraged that we're already an hour in because there's nothing we can do about it. The only thing we can do is impact how we move forward. So, we're going to do our best. And that's how we should always view life. Can't worry about the past. Just do better in the future. Okay, I'm off the bus. That was maybe an iffy call on Animal Kingdom. It is just like a 15-minute bus ride from Magic Kingdom to uh Animal Kingdom, which is the longest you'll get. me like 15 20 minutes and then I had waited. So all in all, this took me about 20 minutes. Not 20 minutes. All in all, it took me about 30 minutes to get from park to park here. In general, when you're in Disney World, you're going point A to point B. Allow an hour. Especially if you have any sort of like time constraint like a lightning lane or a dining reservation or you're meeting people, you want to make sure that you have a little uh cushion because like I mentioned, anything can go wrong with transportation. You could get delays. Um, and the walking takes more time. The waiting takes more time than you think it does. So, the good news is I'm at the farthest park now. Uh, Magic Kingdom and Animal Kingdom are really far and we get to finish on two parks that are like right next to each other, which is great. I'm Animal Kingdom. Wonderful theme park. Not allowed to do right at the entrance. Magic Kingdom spoiled us a bit there. I'm not sure what we're going to do here. We'll have a short wait time, but we're going to figure it out. Especially, it's not going to make us walk a million miles. That's the main issue. There's Kevin. Our attraction has to have a wait time. So Kevin does not work, but there he is. 20 minutes for Dinosaur. That is too long, man. Okay, so the only short waits in the park, Zootopia has a 10-minute wait, which is basically a walk-on. Um, that is the show that replaced stuff to be a bug in the tree of life, by the way. But that show is 10 minutes long, but it's right here, so it would be about 20 minutes. If we got lucky, it could be closer to 10. I think that's going to be the smart call. >> Okay. Whoa. Indiana Jones just let out because there's a sea of people in front of me. Uh, vacation fun. It's a really cute short. It's not a must do by any means, but if you're a big Disney parks fan, the ending is really sweet. But it's basically a collection of Mickey shorts that you can watch at home on Disney Plus. So that's why it's not really a must do. But it is super cute. It's indoors if you need a break, sit down for a few, and just watch a Mickey cartoon. It's really sweet. All right, we are done with Hollywood Studios. It has been an hour and 28 minutes, which to me doesn't sound great, but we've done two parks, so maybe that's good. I don't know how the other girls are doing. I don't know where they are. I don't know what their strategy was. So, now we're going to Skyliner to Epcot, which will take us to the back of Epcot. Don't worry, I've got a got a plan for this. Photo taken. Check. We'll do our snack last so we can take it out with us. I would like to do the Zootopia show. It's 10 minutes. I have seen it, but I think it might take too long, especially if I don't walk straight into that show. So, the next closest attraction with the lowest wait time is Dinosaur. Cali River Rapids is 5 minutes. Not riding that. I wouldn't ride it if it was 0 minutes. I don't like getting lunch and that's it. The only job is to get you wet. So, I'm just going to keep going. We're going to do Dinosaur, which is fun. Dinosaur is formally closing on February 2nd of this year, 2026, which is so sick. So, I'm going to take every opportunity I have to ride it, and that means maybe adding a little bit of extra time today. Zootopia Better Together is a brand new stage show where you head inside the Tree of Life Theater to see uh a little show for the Zoo together celebrations from your from some friends you'll recognize from Zootopia. Things do go a little wrong. Something nefarious seems to be about, but don't worry, Nick and Judy are on the case. You join surveillance as you watch Nick and Judy sort of try to crack the case so the Zooather Day festivities are not ruined. It is like a little Zootopia short. So definitely a cute show. Um not as much scary effects as Stuff to Be a Bug had, which is great because every time I saw Stuff to Be a Bug, I swear I heard a child screaming, crying, and having to leave the theater early. That is not the case anymore. There are still some 4D effects. It's a cute fun show. Not a ton of do Animal Kingdom right now, so uh I can say that you should see it. And uh definitely don't miss it if you're a Zootopia fan. Now, characters do count for this one, but not like Daisy because she she does have a line, but she doesn't have a wait time, so that won't count. My thinking is to go right over there to France and I can snap a pick on this bridge. I can get a snack in the UK, but there's not really I think I'm going to do the Beauty and the Beast sing along because I don't want to walk very far. We're going to watch this thing along and hopefully the line for Leol is not super long. And we'll get a snack from there and then we'll be done. So, I need to walk over far enough to snap a picture with the Epcot bowl. Can't even see it. My goodness. Where is that thing? Okay, we're going to come down to this little area cuz I can't really see it cuz it's like hiding behind those buildings in the UK. Okay, we're going to count it. >> Hello there. >> Welcome to our little transdimensional joy ride, folks. I'm Dr. Seeker, your friendly controller and a heck of a paleontologist, if I do say so myself. >> But let's not talk about me. Let's talk about you and how you can help me make history today with the time rover. It's like this. >> Not our dino. >> I did tear up. I can't deny it. Got a little something at the edge of my eye. It might not be the last time I ride it. It might be. So, at the very least, we got to do it together if it is. I love it. Now, Dino is being replaced by an Indiana Jones attraction. This entire land actually is being redone to a new tropical America theme. It's going to be called PBlo Espironza, which is very exciting. There's going to be Encanto theming as well. So, there's a lot of good things coming, but kind of bittersweet. It's always hard to say goodbye to something you love so much, but at least we have something that's very exciting coming up. That being said, I cried. You can two things can be true at once. Headed into Discovery Island. At the top it says, "Thanks for visiting Dino Land USA." And I just want to say it was the opportunity of a lifetime. Thank you for letting me come. I love you so much. I'm like my heart is aching not know if I'm not knowing if I'm coming back. Okay, now I am sorry for the music. Going to stop at Isisle of Java coffee then we're gone. Very tasty. I was going to get the new Zootopia themed coffee and then I saw that it was like a blueberry syrup with a sugar carrot piece on top which I'm sure is really good but I'm not the biggest blueberry girl overall and it just sounded super super sweet. So, I just went with the sweet cold foam, which they have not always had at every single location. They've expanded that a lot. It is nice and sweet. Very good. Um, I am going to mix it just so the coffee itself isn't bitter all the towards the end. But I'm going to get a straw from Joffre on my way out cuz I don't like the paper straws. I prefer Joffrey's recycled straws. All right, we gathered. It's a cute show. I definitely think that the It's Such to Be a Bug felt more like a show whereas this feels more like a little movie with a lot of extra elements. really fun, really cute. I did catch a joke today that I didn't catch last time that I thought was very funny. Gazelle, which is Shakira, says, "Let me sing, Zootopia. For legal reasons, I cannot." Which did make me laugh because that's probably true. Um, I went ahead and mobile ordered from Flame Tree Barbecue. I was going to take a picture of Tree of Life back here, but they've added all this scaffolding and it makes it harder to get a cute picture of the tree of life. So, I am going to go get it on the way out. Um, we're going to first swing by Flame Tree. I am mobile ordered on the way out of the show for right now. And I went ahead and hit I'm here to prepare my order even though I've got to walk around the corner. It's not too far, so it should be okay. All right, picture taken. And if you look closely in it, you can see some lemurs. Some ringtail lemurs. Wrong park, but uh, King Julian. We like to move it, move it. That's what I think of when I see lemurs. As I assume is true for almost everybody. I don't even know. Like I think I've maybe seen Madagascar once. That was really a pervasive joke. Yeah, I like to move it. move it or it hit for me as a child at an impressionable age. One of the two. Um, all right. And that brings us to our middle order being ready. Going to grab it and literally bounce out of the park. Go see if we can catch a bus to Epcot or Hollywood Studios, I guess. I I guess I can do either order at this point. Okay, I have Parmesan truffle fries. Um, I'm sorry. I did already eat one, but they're very good. They It's like a truffle sauce, and it's not over truffley. Obviously, truffle very strong flavor in general. So, if you like are totally about like umami, savory, mushroomy flavor, you're not going to want this. But if you like truffle, but sometimes it's overpowering. I think these are a nice balance. It's like a creamy sauce. The parmesan adds a sharpness that kind of cuts through that creaminess. Honestly, very balanced. A little messy. Only there's quite enough toppings to the fries. You can see the toppings are really just on that top layer, but sharable cuz it's a pretty good side of fries here. And I love a a topped fry. One of my favorites. Probably my second favorite fry variation behind a fry bucket. Yay. For once, we have perfect timing because there's only three more minutes until the next Beauty and the Beast sing along. This is here in France. It's a retelling of the Beauty and the Beast story. Oh, there's Sleepy Beauty. How fun. Um, this is now this is a retelling of the Beauty and the Beast story, but it's it's from a different perspective. It's from the point of view of Lefu. So, the you know, the actual story, it's a little different. We hit the 2hour mark. We've made it to Epcot. I also realized I've had too much coffee today. I normally only have like one a day that's not super strong that I make at home and two is too much. So, we had half of that one and now I feel a little groy. We made it to Epcot. So, I'm going to stop feeling groy. I'm excited. I have a plan in mind for this. We're going to zoom through. Then, we're going to hop on the Montreal and zoom over to Magic Kingdom and win. Yeah, let's just win. Um, if they have already won by this point, you guys just sound off in the comments like, "Oh my gosh, Emma, you won." Like, convince me. convince me that I won. Anyways, if you guys are willing, just sound off in the comments. Even if I don't win, just be like, "Wow, Emma, amazing. Job winning." And it'll make me feel great. >> All right, made it to Epcot. Friend of the park. We're busting. Um, I'm going to head in. I am probably going to do Spaceship Earth. It's either Spaceship Earth or Finding Nemo are the fastest two attractions. Both from a walking perspective and from a line perspective. Find Nemo is much shorter than Spaceship Earth, but it does tend to stop. So does Spaceship Earth to be fair. Well, Stac is right there, but I have to go in anyway to get a snack. So, I don't know. I think we'll probably do Spaceship Bird. I prefer it. So, that's a good enough reason to do it. And then I think for a snack, the two closest options there is there's Connections Cafe, which is the park's Starbucks. We can get a beverage. And honestly, I could go for a little afternoon sort of like dessert, desserty coffee, sweeter latte. So maybe the other option is the there is a yearround I believe it's open year round booth that runs as a festival booth during the festivals has a rotating menu because of it but I believe it's open all the time even when there's not a festival going on which there's not right now. I will double check that while we are probably doing Space of Earth pick with Space Earth and we will be back over here to take a bus to Hollywood Studios. And this is perfect because it lets us out at all. It's kind of a long line, but would I go somewhere else? I don't want to. I want to get something from Leon. Maybe it won't take that long. I'm not going to risk it. I think that's too long. I think I'm going to go look in the international gateway dish. I do think they have little snacks in there. So, I think we're going to go back over there cuz I'm not trying to walk that far. I I'm not hungry enough for a full order of chips, fish, and chips from the UK. So, we'll go look at the gift shop first and then if we have to go back to the UK, we will. The icon, the girl, the prettiest girl in school. Picture complete. We did it. We did a picture and now we're going to go do Earth and then we're going to get a waffle. Now, we're leaving. We're getting out of here. But luckily, I'll be spending a lot more time in Epcot. So, no sad, no fear, just excitement. Spaceship Earth says it's 5 minutes. It probably is. Maybe a little bit longer. But there's nowhere that we can walk faster and have a shorter wait time. It's a slowmoving journey to the past talking about technology and human evolution. Very fun, very relaxing. Not the one to do if you're trying to stay awake though. It's just so classic. Sage goes to sleep with this on purpose. And I love it. It's my favorite. I'm not saying it's boring. Just saying if you really need a break and you don't want to go to sleep, maybe consider something else. It is selfie time because this is obviously great place to take a selfie with the beautiful, the wonderful, the prettiest girl at the party, Spaceship Earth. I'm wavering and thinking I might want to go find an emo. The line for Earth is very short right now. It's probably 5 minutes, maybe close to 10. It's probably more like actually 5. It's just stopped is winding through the center portion of the queue. It's close to 5. I just with how long the line is, I do think I'm going to go over to Nemo. I need to go this way anyway to get us some food um or a drink to hit that mark. So, I think the seas with new one friends is just a faster option. And we spent a lot of time waiting on buses today. So, I need to be optimizing as much as I possibly can knocking out this part of the park. So, Sees with Nemo and Friends is a slowmoving dark ride we ride in a clam shell through a retelling of the story of Finding Nemo. It's a little bit lighter hearted this time because Nemo has not been dentistnapped. I guess it would be fishnapped by a dentist. Instead, he is just sort of playing hide-and-seek with Marlin and Dory. Oh, you know what I should do before I commit to this is check the wait time on it because weirdly the seas with Nemo friends can get a longer wait. No, it's 5 minutes. Okay, good. That is a walk-on for the Seas with Nemo and Friends, which is exactly what we need. Uh things are close together in Epcot. It is far from the entrance to get to pretty much anywhere besides directly walking into Spaceship Earth or a couple shops. Otherwise, you got to really get into the park a bit. But the seas is pretty close. Little winding pathway we're taking here um to pop into the ride. And I think that ultimately because this ride is shorter, it'll make up for the walk that we just did. And let's see if that festival booth is open. I'm not seeing it listed. So maybe it isn't. Also, festival booths in general usually aren't listed. So it might just be because of that. We'll see. There is I guess right here there's an ice cream cart. That might be our solution. What do they have? They have a little pocket for something. What is that? Hakamora. What is that? We're going to get it. That's what it is. Season the one friends first, though. We'll grab that on our way out. We already got our selfie. And then we'll be off to Hollywood Studios, our final park. I couldn't remember where we've been today. Okay. Ah, here we go. Here we go. What do we want? There's gummies. Ooh, dark chocolate almonds. There's popcorn. I think I want the dark chocolate almonds. That is very fun. All right. Hopefully this does not fall over on the trash can. But all we got Disney almonds prepackaged. don't normally recommend prepackaged stuff, but I like dark chocolate almonds and I'll be eating these for the rest of the week. So, also I just met a whole bunch of friends who watch these videos. So, hey, nice to see you again. >> What are you going to do about them? >> Yeah, >> these are really good. Just plain regular dark chocolate almonds. It's got the little like zipper pouch. So, take them on the go. Says made in the USA. Fun. Got the matter horn on it. Love it. And now we are done with our third park and it's been 2 hours and 29 minutes. Let's go. If it were another day, I would be stopping to hang out in the seas, which is one of my favorite things to do right now. I love this aquarium. There are so many cool fish and sea creatures to look at. They've got sea turtles. It's really shocking that there's an aquarium of this caliber in size just in Epcot and it's easy to walk right past because the only ways to get in are either through these doors that I'm walking out of right now, which are just tucked super far back in a corner, or by riding the seas with Nemo and friends, which I think for a lot of people is a skippable ride. So, I can see why the seas doesn't get its flowers. It's seaweed. It's kelp. But it should cuz it rules. It's a great aquarium and a great place to get out of the sun and there's a play area for littles and littles love fish. So, I mean, I guess they do really like fish. At least I did when I was little. I don't know. Um, we're going to try that. I don't even remember what it was called now, but uh we're going to try whatever that was at this um snack cart. I'm super curious about it. Um I couldn't even really read the placards as we were on the way to Into the Seas. That's going to be our snack here. And then we are going to take that to go as we walk towards the bus to head to our final park. Hakamura delight coconut p sorbet in a coconut show. What? That's crazy. It's too cold for that. But I'm going to eat it anyway. Okay, now I know what you're thinking. I only have Magic Kingdom left. The easiest way to get there is to use the Montreal. But because of the Skyliner, they took me to the back of Epcot. I am not walking all the way to the front of Epcot. Absolutely not. So, we are going to go to one of these resorts back here and we're going to hop on a bus and go to Magic Kingdom. And I think I mean Beach Club is the closest. We'll just go to the beach club bus. And will that be faster than walking to the front of Epcot? I'm not totally sure, but I really don't want to expend all that energy walking quickly through the entire park because Epcot is a lot bigger than you think it is, and I just really don't want to do that right now. So, this might be selfish. It might cost me the game, but at this point in time, I do not care. We're off. The sun slowly starting to set, but it's still gorgeous. It feels amazing outside. And now I'm going to go to Connections Cafe to get a little waffle. I'm pretty sure they have a Figment one right now, but we're going to find out together. Connections Cafe, luckily for us, is right here at the front of the park and it's their Starbucks. They sometimes will have specialty items. Connections eery, which is right next door. And connected is Disney's. It's not Starbucks. Um, and it will have a lot of fun stuff. Pizzas, burgers, more classic items, and it will also have a leisure. There's nothing interesting. We'll have to go. We can go to the other one, though. It's not the end of the world. Okay, secured. I ended up getting the Sorry, my hands are shaking. I'll show you this. The Parmesan black truffle. Um, French fries. I've not had these. They've been around for gosh, not quite a year. I mean, they've been around for a hot minute. Disney did a thing where they dropped like a bunch of fry flavors. And we have a fried bucket. So, it was very exciting to us. I tried several of them. I don't think I've tried this one. I might have. Either way, this is a very exciting exclusive Disney snack, not just a Starbucks snack. And it's also not a whole meal cuz really don't want one. But it's also nice that it's savory. We've had some sweet things so far. So, need a little salt in my life. Okay. That was really good. Wow. Super truffley. They did not hesitate on the toppings. That's great. Toppings. Toppings. Really good. Now we're on our way to the Montreal. Last mark. And I'm hoping it's going well. I think it's going well. We're on pace. So, and look on our way out. What's special to pass us? Because timing is everything. There she is. Gorgeous. And I have my friend Tra. We're going to go on a Montreal. >> Okay. Either this is new or no one talks about it. Regardless, this is awesome. It is literally a delicious pineapple coconut sorbet. I like it a little better than Dole Whip. It is more natural tasting, more like fruit tasting. Dohip obviously is very fruity, but it still feels creamy, soft servy. And this is obviously more sorbet. So, it's a little more not icy cuz it's a very smooth sorbet, but kind of tastes more like blended frozen fruit. Probably what it is. Has actual shaved coconut on top and big shavings, not like the shredded, which I prefer cuz the shredded has a weird consistency to me sometimes. And it's ain't a legit real coconut shell. It said that on the sign and I was like, "Oh, so it's in like a fake coconut shell." No, it's a real coconut shell. This is right outside the exit of Moana Journey of Water and the Caesar theme. There's an ice cream which just has a placard that they have these. And there's literally just a little kakamura, guys, from Moana on the lid. And it's delicious sorbet. It is so not the right weather for me to be eating this. I don't even care. It's delicious. Little hard to like when you first get it, it's a little over frozen, but mine softened up fast and it's not hot out. So, this is I mean when the summer hit for a refreshing treat, it's good. It's literally one of the ice cream parts that just has like Mickey bars. This is wild. I got to eat it pretty fast because we got to get on a bus and I do not want to take it on a bus. So, that's what I'm going to do. Hopefully, a Magikina bus is very close. Let's go look at the screen. They do have little TV screens to tell you what time you can expect the next bus. Let's see. 5:18. Oh, no. That's in 17 minutes. Yikes. Well, guess I'm sitting on a bench. >> Okay, I smashed those, but I feel very satisfied. So, I'm going to toss them and then we're heading on to the MK Montreal. Oh, it's actually up there right now. Where's that Epcot? No, that's ours. That's okay. We'll wait for the next one. They come fairly quickly. We're going to take the Express. There are two Montreals that technically can get you over to Magic Kingdom. One is the Resort Montreal. The other is the Express. Express takes you straight there. The resort takes you to the Grand Fian Polynesian and Contemporary Resort. takes a little bit longer. Not always as packed. Um, but they definitely encourage you to take the express if you're just going to Magic Kingdom. Sometimes I like the long Montreal ride, so it's kind of up to you. Okay, just checking in in case you didn't count. I've been here for 25 minutes. The Hollywood Studios bus is pulling up. It must have left right before I got here. Uh, that's too long. Also, that was behind. It's an Animal Kingdom bus. Uh, that is the third Animal Kingdom bus that has been here since this Hollywood Studios bus came. My bus luck today has been trash. And now I'm going to Hollywood. >> Hi folks. Welcome aboard for Hollywood Studios. >> Woo. And the sun is blinding. But we have gotten off the bus at Magic Kingdom. We do not have to go through the TTC. We're already here, which is nice because most of the time I feel like I'm coming from the TTC. So this is a welcome change. We have one more park to do. I think while I'm walking up, I'm going to mobile order some KC's. Or should I do confectionary? Earlier when I was going to barf at the thought of a sweet treat. Um, I'm no longer in that stage. So, think I get a sweet treat. Let me see. Order food. You can mobile order ahead of time. Main Street Confectionary. I've got a crab in my cafe. We're here. Okay, looking ahead. I am going to go to the Main Street Confectionary to grab a treat. I was looking at the menu online just to see like, okay, what do I want? What looks interesting? Da da. And I actually found something that is new to us. So, I'm gonna do some quick reporter coverage. I did get confirmation from Quincy and Fry that I'm allowed to pause my timer here while I do that cuz it's not for the video. It's actually a little fun behind the scenes thing for you. We all operate as reporters, which we've talked about a lot for our websites. I actually write for the websites and I'm right now training to become an editor for our websites, which is very exciting. Um, but that's a fun little BTF. So, I'm gonna pause. If this if the sun looks different, that's why. But, it was approved and it's so that way we can put up a new review on the website. So, you should definitely check that out. It is the fastest turnaround we'll find anywhere. Like, that's how you're going to find the fastest Disney news, most up-to-date reviews, all that good jazz. Okay, the actual bus ride was only 15 minutes after I waited 26 minutes for it to get here. That was wild. Just horrible bus luck today, which is great for a day where I'm trying to speed it in all four parks. I have checked wait times. I have my plan. I do believe we are going to be star tours uh today because uh Olaf has a 10-minute wait. Star Tours has a 5minute wait. Um so, and Vacation Fun has a 10-minute wait, which it always has, but Vacation Fun is well, I might do Vacation Fun. It depends on how soon it looks like the doors are going to open to Vacation Fun because if we walk up as they're letting people into that theater to see the Mickey and Minnie short vacation fun, then that could be our fastest. It's closer than Star Tours, and the experience probably takes about the same amount of time it takes to load into and out of Star Tours. Um, especially if you consider the extra walking, so we will do vacation fun. All right, I got it. We also can't forget to take our picture. Okay, I got the pick. Snack in hand. Mickey's scone. I love this thing. Go watch my ranking Mickey shaped snacks video. >> It's delicious. Going walk really fast. Try to catch this train cuz as soon as my butt's on that train, I can stop the timer. Okay, picture accomplished. You can see it here. Oh my gosh, how gorgeous is the castle and the sun is low. So beautiful. So so thrilled to be here today. Okay, now for our snack on our walk. I ended up getting the Mickey strawberry cookie with freeze-dried Skittles. Something crazy. They love these Mickey cookies. They rotate them a lot. They have them through seasons. It's like a frosting kind of. I don't know. We're going to try it out. The smell implies like fake strawberry. Sorry. Oh my gosh, I'm dropping my phone. >> It almost tastes like bubble gum. I don't like that. Okay, I got my picture now. Can we maybe see Vacation Fun? Oh, I'd like to see Vacation Fun. Yeah, I feel like the theater right now, which means we can probably Yes, it's literally loaded in. Let's do it. Oh, look at that timing. Didn't even stop walking. Can't film the short for you. It's a super cute shirt in the new Mickey Mini style exclusive to Hollywood Studios. So that is what I'm going to see. And that will be my attraction and then we will book at you and get a little coffee. We were so close to making it. Okay, new plan. What is Mickey 35? We're not doing that. Okay, time to fry speed. You know what? I think we're going people mover cuz I can just walk right up to that one and get on. >> Okay, for our last ride of the day, we're going to go on mad tea party. We're going to sit in a teacup. We're going to spin around. It's 5 minutes. Everything's working out beautifully. Trip to vacation fun is never complete without a pose and potato lamp. I love potato land. Okay, quickly a coffee and a Denunzo and we'll see. We'll see how we score. >> The app says it's a 15-minute wait. Don't love that. Didn't check before I walked over here, but we're in line. So, I' I've accepted my fate. >> This is my last thing until we're done. >> The trolley car line is way too long. Nothing is close by. This is brutal. Dockside Diner is close by, but it is close to the five. And I believe the freezes are closed. Could go this way. It's rough. Rough, man. Normally at this time of day, the trolley car would not look like this, but because the temperature just dropped, it's starting to get dark. I think a lot of people are getting a little something to warm up with. So, looks way more dramatic. I'm headed towards Rosy's, which doesn't have a mobile order. So, I'm going to grab a mobile order to finish up our run. >> Done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm like running through my head. I'm like, am I actually done? But yes, I am. Woo! Let's just see if it was enough. I don't know yet. We'll find out tonight at dinner. And I made it simple. I got a hot cocoa and it is ready. I pick up two because they're probably just waiting for me to walk up. >> Wow. Uh, very good job, ladies. Except for by me. >> You did great. >> Good job, Emma. >> I spent a lot of time waiting for buses today. >> That's okay. Sometimes it happens. But wow, we were really close. >> It was so close. I just got really lucky a handful of times, and I think that's the only reason. >> I think if I would have gotten on the train, it might have been a different outcome. I don't I think so. >> Oh well, >> guess we won't know. >> Hopefully the real winners are you guys who learn how things work when you get around Disney World, how transportation issues happen, everything like that. Hopefully this was helpful and hopefully it was a little bit of fun, too. Uh, Emma, good job. You're prized. You get to say the outro. >> I'm so nervous. I didn't even prepare. Oh gosh. Okay, to everyone at home, >> the outro. >> Okay. Okay. Sorry. >> Play the Player off. Play off. >> Play off. Turn the music. Okay, I think this is a graduation march, but I appreciate what's going on. This is all going to get cut. I need to get my brain right. Thank you guys so much for hanging out with us. Go ahead and give this video a like if you haven't already, and comment this secret code down below so that way we know that you made it this far. We post fun videos like this almost every single day of the week with tips, tricks, and tons of more information from Disney World and beyond. Why? Because we're serious about fun. Bye.
