---
video_id: d1O11iR7o5M
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Day 12 of Traveling Around the World in 9 Days 🏕️"
published: 2026-03-23
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1O11iR7o5M
---
Day 12 of trying to get around the world in nine days. Things are >> going poorly. >> We are in what we can only describe as a Disney murder cabin. >> I don't like it. >> No, we don't like it. >> We don't like it. And we both stay in cabins. We're from the south. Uh, and this is themed to the south, but it is just an extremely There's a high pitch noise. It's an extremely old >> old cabin. We do have pillows in front of the window because it's scary. I'm just going to show you what we can see outside. >> Nothing. >> We are in the woods. It is so dark. And don't worry, this is my room. I have three beds to choose from. We have two bathrooms. >> Emma's allergic to something in here. Um, I'm closing this. >> We're exhausted. It's very late on day 12. We drove back from the Netherlands today. So, we are back in Disneyland Paris. We got two days of fun in Disneyland Paris ahead of us and then finally completing our trip around the world. Hopefully crossing our fingers, knocking on wood. >> I'm allergic to the cabin. >> And things are good. Things are good in the murder cabin. >> It's murder cabin. Sweet. Murder cabin. >> Murder cabin sweet. Can't wait to get back to the murder cabin. >> And I know I've been waiting on the murder cabin. >> Fingers crossed for murder. We're being optimistic. It's It's not really a murder cabin. It is a dark. >> It's a Disneyland Paris hotel, but it is a little scary. >> It's not comfortable. >> And they have updated cabins, but this is not one of them. >> No. And also, when we came in, a lot of the furniture was skewed and it was unclear if the door was locked. >> Yes. And you have to um put a key in the wall to get the lights to turn on. >> So, >> so >> that's kind of update for day 12. >> Day 12. >> Sing along. You know this one. Get your hands up. Come on, Quincy. Get your hands up.
