---
video_id: Ujv5JwPDTMY
channel: AllEars.net
title: "We COMPETED In A Disneyland Paris Challenge"
published: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ujv5JwPDTMY
---
We're going head to head in a scavenger hunt at Disneyland Paris. >> A park that we know pretty well. Is we've been here once before and now we're going headtohead to see who kind of knows it better. >> Yeah. And it's going to be one of us. >> Interesting. >> Okay, we're off to the races. She I'm ready to start. >> And I'm off to the races. I just She was not prepared and that's unfortunate for her. I'm going left because the first thing I know is the animatronic Tiger is right here in the story book store, which is super super cool and fun and weird that you can just find a random animatronic. It's Tiger. He's selling tickets. And this is at the very front of the park or entrance or entrance or exit if you're leaving or entering. There he is. Kind of hard to see, but there he is moving his head back and forth. Okay, we're off to the races, as she keeps saying. Um, okay, first things first. Um, I'm seeing things about a vintage map for Disneyland. I'm going to pop into the train station and see if that is back there. I don't know. But my strategy is to get something in every row and every column before Emma can so that she cannot get five in a row and then maybe I can get five in a row. Uh, this worked really well one time and then I tried it against Emma recently and she destroyed me. So, I'm still confident in it. I feel like it's the best strategy, but not 100%. So, I am headed under the train station. You know, at our train station in Disney World, there are often some historical nods. This does look like it's just the movie posters vibe on either side. If you don't know, uh Disneyland Park originally and then Magic Kingdom and all the Disneylands around the world to follow were designed to be a bit like a uh entering a movie theater. So, when you enter into the train station, that is supposed to be you walking through sort of the beginning of a movie theater where there's all the different attractions. Um, sorry, all the different movies on their posters showing you what you'll experience and see in the movie theater. There's what's happening here. Um, and then you come out sort of as if walking under a movie theater arches into the park just as to help you feel like you are stepping out into a new world. Now, I'm just looking for a vintage Disneyland map and I don't know if I'm going to find it, but I am certainly going to try. We on the We're looking for a nod to Walt that I know of. All right. Now, there are tons of nods to Walt Disney. You could argue to partner statue. There's actually one to his dad right there. It says Elias Disney Contractor 1901. The biggest n to Walt, though, is probably his restaurant. Waltz. It's a full restaurant dedicated to the things he loved. Quincy and I and Fry have actually eaten here. If you want to learn more about it, it's up on the channel. It wasn't our favorite to be honest. Sorry to Walts. Now, I'm doing as much as I can on Main Street that I'm aware of. And another thing is eat a Mickeyshaped snack. So we're going to come here to Cookie Kitchen and get one of the most famous cookie shaped snacks. That is the Mickey Beignet. Maybe across the street at this transportation building. There's also shops in here, but you never know. Emma's already flying. She's already got two and I can't find this map. Okay, if it's not in this building, we're moving on because I can't get stuck at the very front of Main Street looking for this forever. Okay, here it is. This is my Mickey bin. Yay. It's filled with hazelnut spread. There's the castle. Um, and I'm going to eat it. It's also super oily. I'm in the middle of the walkway. Sorry. M a Mickey snack. I'm going to check the arcades because there could be one in either one of the arcades. And I know there's something else in here which is nods to famous inventors. Edison. Bam. As well as I'm sure some other stuff. Mercel Merrill inventors. Literally all through here are old inventions and adventures. And we are skipping for an old Disneyland map. Okay, now I walked across the street into the emporium because I am looking for a gift for Quincy, my opponent. I have one thing in mind. See if I can find it. Okay, second arcade. Going to be America stuff. Disneyland Paris not America. But you never know, you know. I can check in the stores cuz there are entrances to the stores from both. Hang on. You know, hang on. Actually, wait. The Emporium operates very similarly here. It's a big old store where you can find a lot of generic Disney stuff. Okay. Not looking. Hey, is that someone looking for an inventor? Isn't there something about I already did that one. The what? I don't know. I just wanted to off your game. You eating a makeshift snack. >> Yeah. Do you want part of it? It's so oily. No, >> you really sold it. No, thank you. >> No, it's good. It actually is good. I just meant to my fingers. I'm just going to pull up a little. >> Make sure you get a little bit of that. You need the hazelnut spread, though. She's not eating this. And I want her to bite it here on the end where the hazelnut spread is just I think you should hold it. Just Oh, I just got some. No. >> Pretty good, right? >> Yeah. It's one of the only things I really genuinely enjoy and just accidentally just ran into her. I'm going back into the store. I'm just going to pick something for her. I think she might enjoy. One thing about Quincy, she is not a merch person. So, that's why this one's kind of hard. But she likes the princess. She likes a keychain. And you know what? I'm going to get her this Donald bubble keychain. That's for the queeny right there. Wasn't exactly what I was looking for, but she would enjoy it. Grand spectacular. Princess Gift to America. Step back in time. No way. Okay, Emma. I didn't know this existed until today. But you can step in. It is scary the way this man looks at you. And >> it's so dark. It kind of looks like they're moving. Oh, it's scary in here. But this is it. This is the dedication of the Statue of Liberty. That was I hate it in here. Oh, it's so scary. Okay, I really wanted to drink champagne on Main Street. The line's pretty darn long. It means I'm probably giving up that square, which really stinks, but I'm going to go for some others. I don't want to waste a lot of time, even though that is one of the best and most iconic things you can do in Disneyland Paris. That absolutely stinks that I'm not going to do it because it means she's probably going to do it. She'll wait in the line while I run around like a crazy person. Either way, it's all good. It's all good. Luckily, we're walking towards two two squares. So, the first one I'm going to do is I'm going to snot snot. Kind of appropriate. I'm going to spot some golden snails. That helps you understand why I kind of said snot. There are several little golden snails climbing up the turrets here uh on the castle. This gorgeous, unique, beautiful castle as a nod to Paris as cargo. Very fun, very silly little detail. And there's tons of them. We have B-roll of them so you can see them a little bit better. But they're on this turret. They're on this one. Several little golden snails. All right, I found one. It's not the Disneyland Paris map, but that is okay. I've got two plans here. Um, one is Golden Snail and the other is a nod to a rock. Now, I don't know where the nod to a rock is, but I know what a rock is because in Dungeons and Dragons, there is a monster called a rock and it's a giant bird. And uh when we were just in Eftilling uh a theme park in the Netherlands, there was a ride with a giant bird that was called Bogle Rock. So I have a feeling I'm looking for something to do with a giant bird. And my guess is that would be in Adventure Land because I don't think it really makes sense in the other lands. So I'm going to go into adventure land and look for something to do with a giant bird. That's my intention. But I want to get a golden snail. because that's the castle. No, Emma just got golden snails. Okay, we're actually going to get closer to the golden snails because I was going to go into the dragon's layer, which is the next thing that we're checking out. What's underneath that castle, but it's roped off for a parade. So, we're going to have to go take an alternative route, but hopefully that means you can see those golden snails a little bit better. There they are. Now, we're going into the castle to check out one of the best things about Disneyland Paris. So, I've said that about a few things. The champagne and what I'm about to show you if we're able. So, I was going to do a walkthrough attraction into a tenant a dragon uh to see the dragon under the castle, but it is roped off. So, I think I'm going to try to do the Aladdin walkthrough attraction in Disneyland. Um Disneyland in Adventure Land. The Aladdin walkthrough in Adventure Land. And while we're doing that, we can keep an eye out for Oh, it's right there. Giant bird egg. >> Giant bird egg. What do you guys think? I will ask producers, but that looks like a nod to a rock if I ever saw one. Okay. Yes. Okay. So, we're taking the back entrance. But there is a dragon underneath Disneyland Paris castle. It's hard to see, but I'm going to try to take you down there and show you. He's asleep, so they try not to disturb him. Big old guy. Here he is. Scary. Mister said it was okay, but that was the nod to the rock. So, I'm now once again trying to find the Disneyland park because >> Emma just got the walk through and evil. She's like blazing over at Fantasy Land. So, I really feel the need to get that park to block that top row. >> Otherwise, I need to find macarons on three menus, which I guess I can start looking for. >> What in the world? Okay, now fun fact. The evil queen can be spotted on the outside of Snow White, but you can also find her right here in the store. There's a store, right? I just walked in here. I didn't even know this was a thing. How gorgeous. I also just stumbled on a fun mirror. And this is also a task. Let me take a picture. It's very cuty, very silly, very fun. It's not like a fun house mirror, but it's also not a regular mirror. Okay, now I see why I was turned around. is because construction is still going on around a lot of Disneyland Paris. This is one of the stores that was under construction when we were here the last time, I believe. And then this is Snow White, the attraction, Snow White Scary Adventures. And it has a facade. You can also see the evil queen. Oh, good. She is uncovered. I thought she was covered up. She tends to pop in and out of here just like in Disneyland, if you're familiar. She will open that curtain and peek out over the people. Well, we'll stand here for a second to see if she does it. But if she doesn't, we're all good. There she goes. Can you see her? Probably not. But she's there. She was opening and closing the curtain. We're good though, either way. Never mind. I just realized that what she was getting with seeing the dragon was what is hiding under the castle, not a walkthrough attraction. So, I'm going to go try to get that Aladdin walkthrough attraction. Problem is, I have never done it. I don't actually know where it is. There are lots of great walkthrough attractions in Disneyland Paris. I wish we had more in Disney World because they are so cool. Um, and I just got to find Aladdin. Also, right back here near this lovely Cinderella themed restaurant, you can find her carriage in the back. Now, this is character dining. Um, and we have not personally gotten to eat here, but you don't have to be eating at the restaurant to come and find her beautiful carriage if you want to take a picture with it. Alante. Now, this might be a mistake. We'll we'll go see what it looks like. Inside the castle, as I'm running my circles up through here, there is a walkthrough attraction all about Sleeping Beauty. It is without a doubt a highlight in this park. Um, even if you're not someone who's traditionally interested in walkthrough attractions, I absolutely recommend this. It is real art, like real true artistry at work. It's absolutely incredible. You get to see stained glass that actually was created by someone who helped with the Notradam's restoration, their stained glass. I mean, it's absolutely gorgeous. and it takes you through the story of Sleeping Beauty. Um, there's also detailed woven tapestries and you kind of get to see the castle from a different POV, a different point of view. It's absolutely incredible. We're going to run through it. Not really run, but walk fast. beautiful Magny Beach. And then you get to walk outside onto the outside of the castle and get some really cool POVs. Very nice. Very cool. The view from above. And we've completed it. Quincy finished walkthrough as I finish walkthrough. So, I'm going to give it to her and not argue about it. Um, even though I would bet we finished almost exactly at the same time. Well, >> at least I got to see it. Okay, I'mma destroy. I'm not 100% sure. I think in a lot of Disneyland parks around the world, Main Street Cinema has Mickey Mouse cartoons playing all day. I think that is true at this park as well. >> So, I'm going to head to Main Street Cinema, which I should have done on my way up the street. if I'm right. >> Okay, now a lot of the easy ones are out of the way, which is unfortunate for us. But we're going to try our best and I think I'm going to do one more final easy one before we have to jump into the big leagues. But it does mean going towards Discovery. There might be a few on the way. So, I'm going to pause for a second, check my phone, but keep keep going as fast as I can. If the cinema is not where I expect it to be, I don't know. I don't know where we're headed next. Oh, bad news. I don't think it is. But here's macaroons on one menu. Another reason I'm back here in Discovery Land. I'm going to that Wally and Eve statue in the planter. Very nice. Very pretty. And I'm going to tell it my favorite Pixar movie. There it is. They're so It's beautiful. Very nice. Very lovely. Very gorgeous. My personal favorite Pixar movie kind of rotates between two. Ratatouille and Up. Both I absolutely love. They mean the world to me. If I had to pick one, probably up. There you go. Wall-E and Eve. Don't know if I'll be able to, but here at Cafe Hyperion, I think that I'm saying that right. If I'm not, I'm sorry. There is a C3PO dessert macaron. So, there's one. Need to find two more if I can. I've been looking as I'm walked and this as I've walked and that's the first I've seen. Seen a lot of crepes though. Seen a lot of crepes. I am worried the place to go. No, I went in that store already. H I'm just going to cruise through these stores. I can look for a Disneyland map and I can look for cartoons coming through these stores and it helps me avoid parade traffic. Gonna try to do champagne. I won't be shocked if she's in line for it. Music so loud. >> Okay. Not seeing anything. Lots of Victorian garments. This is taking way too long. And the parade broke down and something happened to the parade. So, music won't stop. And the parade is not going on anymore. But at least I'm getting champagne. I haven't checked the shops on the other side of the street. I don't think this is a long parade. I hope it's not. So, I'm going to try to get across behind it and check Story Book Shop and Emporium. Main Street Champagne. I don't see. Oh, no. This is all very bookstore. Oh, no way. That is just the Paris map. Okay. Well, glad I checked in here. Now, if I can find a place playing Steamboat Willie, that would be great. JK, the parade might not be broken down. It might be a show in the middle. I can't tell what's going on. I do keep looking though. I keep looking for freaking macarons. And I've only found the one. It's not going well. Every menu I've checked does not have macarons. And if I were to manage to get that, I would win. And because I would win, I'm not going to be able to find two more macarons. See if Waltz has any macarons on the menu. No, it doesn't look like it. I've changed directions. Desperately trying to find some dang macarons. Holding my breath. Maybe don't hold my breath. You guys hold your breath. Parade got fixed. It was never broken. I was just wrong. There they go. Two. One more. I only need one more. Y'all got macarons? No. Disneyland Paris and I are about to fight. Where the heck are the macarons? >> Just ice cream. I keep checking menus online. I've checked. There's 18 restaurants right through here. None of them have dang macarons. get through stuff. Y'all got macaroons? Sunday food salad muffin. No. Where are the macarons? And I think there is one at Cowboy Cafe. I can just get to it. I'm sweating. I'm so glad I was standing outside of Frontier Land. And I'm so glad I made the choice to not just run like a maniac around the park, which I had been doing up until that point. That's Trail Cafe. Where's Cowboy? Oh my gosh. No macarons at Cool Post. Mini mini waffles though. This is my last ditch effort. If it's not here, I'm going to lose my mind. Cowboy there. A pecan macaroon. I'm done. Great macaron race come to an end. Cheers to never having another macarons for the rest of the day. >> Well, we didn't even have any. >> No, I know, but I have to eat with them. >> Yeah, me as well. Me as well. Well, you know what second place prize is? >> What? >> Riding Phantom Manor with the winner. >> With the winner. >> Yeah. >> You know what first place prize is? >> Riding Phantom Manor with the second place winner. >> No. >> Oh. >> Getting to do the outro. >> Woohoo. If you guys are still here, thank you so much. Go ahead, like and subscribe because we do stuff like this almost every single day of the week from Disneyland Paris to Disney World and everywhere in between. Why? Because we're serious about fun. Am I?
