---
video_id: k_pJGYbwLd4
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Disney for Dummies - Hotels! 🏨"
published: 2026-01-01
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_pJGYbwLd4
---
Where you sleep kind of determines how Where you sleep kind of determines how Where you sleep kind of determines how your trip is going to go. Today, I'm your trip is going to go. Today, I'm your trip is going to go. Today, I'm breaking down everything you need to breaking down everything you need to breaking down everything you need to know, so even a dummy could do it. We're know, so even a dummy could do it. We're know, so even a dummy could do it. We're specifically talking Disney hotel specifically talking Disney hotel specifically talking Disney hotel resorts. There are three different resorts. There are three different resorts. There are three different kinds. Value resorts are going to be the kinds. Value resorts are going to be the kinds. Value resorts are going to be the most affordable place to stay on Disney most affordable place to stay on Disney most affordable place to stay on Disney World property. It's also not going to World property. It's also not going to World property. It's also not going to have the most dining options. It's going have the most dining options. It's going have the most dining options. It's going to be a little bit more limited, and to be a little bit more limited, and to be a little bit more limited, and they're going to be a little bit further they're going to be a little bit further they're going to be a little bit further away from the parks. Next, you're going away from the parks. Next, you're going away from the parks. Next, you're going to have your moderates. They are going to have your moderates. They are going to have your moderates. They are going to be a little bit pricier than your to be a little bit pricier than your to be a little bit pricier than your value resorts, but they're going to have value resorts, but they're going to have value resorts, but they're going to have a few more amenities and still not be a few more amenities and still not be a few more amenities and still not be top dollar. Finally, Disney World has top dollar. Finally, Disney World has top dollar. Finally, Disney World has the deluxe resorts, which this is like the deluxe resorts, which this is like the deluxe resorts, which this is like the fancy schmancy. This is where you're the fancy schmancy. This is where you're the fancy schmancy. This is where you're going to find the most variety when it going to find the most variety when it going to find the most variety when it comes to dining, the nicest amenities, comes to dining, the nicest amenities, comes to dining, the nicest amenities, and the biggest price tags. It might not and the biggest price tags. It might not and the biggest price tags. It might not seem like a big deal, but choosing where seem like a big deal, but choosing where seem like a big deal, but choosing where you stay can seriously impact your you stay can seriously impact your you stay can seriously impact your entire Disney World trip. Even if you entire Disney World trip. Even if you entire Disney World trip. Even if you think, "I'm only going to be sleeping think, "I'm only going to be sleeping think, "I'm only going to be sleeping there. It doesn't matter that much," it there. It doesn't matter that much," it there. It doesn't matter that much," it actually does. So, how does this impact actually does. So, how does this impact actually does. So, how does this impact your Disney World trip? Well, there's a your Disney World trip? Well, there's a your Disney World trip? Well, there's a few ways, but the biggest way is it's few ways, but the biggest way is it's few ways, but the biggest way is it's going to impact how you get around going to impact how you get around going to impact how you get around Disney World. Disney transportation can Disney World. Disney transportation can Disney World. Disney transportation can be one of the best or worst amenities be one of the best or worst amenities be one of the best or worst amenities depending on where you stay. It is free depending on where you stay. It is free depending on where you stay. It is free to you. However, some are going to have to you. However, some are going to have to you. However, some are going to have better amenities when it comes to better amenities when it comes to better amenities when it comes to transportation than others. For example, transportation than others. For example, transportation than others. For example, Disney's All-Star Resorts are the most Disney's All-Star Resorts are the most Disney's All-Star Resorts are the most affordable value resorts nine times out affordable value resorts nine times out affordable value resorts nine times out of 10. And they only have bus of 10. And they only have bus of 10. And they only have bus transportation. So, that means if you're transportation. So, that means if you're transportation. So, that means if you're trying to get across Disney World, you trying to get across Disney World, you trying to get across Disney World, you have to wait for the bus. It's not the have to wait for the bus. It's not the have to wait for the bus. It's not the end of the world, but it can really put end of the world, but it can really put end of the world, but it can really put a damper on your day if you have a long a damper on your day if you have a long a damper on your day if you have a long drive or it's like massive lines of drive or it's like massive lines of drive or it's like massive lines of people waiting for that one bus to all people waiting for that one bus to all people waiting for that one bus to all go the same place. Now, some of the go the same place. Now, some of the go the same place. Now, some of the other resorts have access to boats or other resorts have access to boats or other resorts have access to boats or even Disney's Skyliner. That's going to even Disney's Skyliner. That's going to even Disney's Skyliner. That's going to give you more options to get where give you more options to get where give you more options to get where you're trying to go. Now, finally, the you're trying to go. Now, finally, the you're trying to go. Now, finally, the deluxe resorts like Disney's Grand Fian, deluxe resorts like Disney's Grand Fian, deluxe resorts like Disney's Grand Fian, Disney's Polynesian Village Resort, and Disney's Polynesian Village Resort, and Disney's Polynesian Village Resort, and Disney's Contemporary are going to have Disney's Contemporary are going to have Disney's Contemporary are going to have access to the Montreal. Those Montreal access to the Montreal. Those Montreal access to the Montreal. Those Montreal resorts are going to be the peace to resorts are going to be the peace to resorts are going to be the peace to resistance when it comes to having the resistance when it comes to having the resistance when it comes to having the most convenient way to get to a Disney most convenient way to get to a Disney most convenient way to get to a Disney park. Staying on property also gives you park. Staying on property also gives you park. Staying on property also gives you other Disney hotel perks. One of the other Disney hotel perks. One of the other Disney hotel perks. One of the best and the biggest is the early entry. best and the biggest is the early entry. best and the biggest is the early entry. So, if you're staying on Disney World So, if you're staying on Disney World So, if you're staying on Disney World property, you get to go into the parks property, you get to go into the parks property, you get to go into the parks Another major perk that you can do is Another major perk that you can do is Another major perk that you can do is you actually can book your entire trip's you actually can book your entire trip's you actually can book your entire trip's meals up to 60 days in advance. So, if meals up to 60 days in advance. So, if meals up to 60 days in advance. So, if you're staying on property, you can book you're staying on property, you can book you're staying on property, you can book them that 60 days in advance for your them that 60 days in advance for your them that 60 days in advance for your entire trip, which means you're going to entire trip, which means you're going to entire trip, which means you're going to have better access to popular dining have better access to popular dining have better access to popular dining reservations, and there's also a lot reservations, and there's also a lot reservations, and there's also a lot less stress. If you're not staying on less stress. If you're not staying on less stress. If you're not staying on Disney World property, you can book 60 Disney World property, you can book 60 Disney World property, you can book 60 days in advance, but it has to be per days in advance, but it has to be per days in advance, but it has to be per day. You also get access to different day. You also get access to different day. You also get access to different perks. Like in summer 2026, if you're perks. Like in summer 2026, if you're perks. Like in summer 2026, if you're staying at a Disney World resort, you staying at a Disney World resort, you staying at a Disney World resort, you actually get a free ticket to the water actually get a free ticket to the water actually get a free ticket to the water parks on the day that you check in. So, parks on the day that you check in. So, parks on the day that you check in. So, if you're looking to kind of kill some if you're looking to kind of kill some if you're looking to kind of kill some time that first day, go to the water time that first day, go to the water time that first day, go to the water parks. It's free. If you're driving parks. It's free. If you're driving parks. It's free. If you're driving around Disney World and you drive to the around Disney World and you drive to the around Disney World and you drive to the theme parks, you don't have to pay if theme parks, you don't have to pay if theme parks, you don't have to pay if you're a Disney resort guest. If you you're a Disney resort guest. If you you're a Disney resort guest. If you still aren't sure where to start or still aren't sure where to start or still aren't sure where to start or what's right for you, head to all what's right for you, head to all what's right for you, head to all earers.net/hots earers.net/hots earers.net/hots to see which is the best for you and to see which is the best for you and to see which is the best for you and your Disney trip. And be sure to follow your Disney trip. And be sure to follow your Disney trip. And be sure to follow at all yourset for more Disney dummy at all yourset for more Disney dummy at all yourset for more Disney dummy tips.
