---
video_id: yF-MFcLnwJw
channel: AllEars.net
title: "I MUST Go Wherever The Bus Takes Me In Disney World -- Bus CHALLENGE 3"
published: 2026-01-17
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yF-MFcLnwJw
---
Today I'm gambling with our precious [music] Walt Disney World time. Friends, we're playing bus roulette. First rule of bus roulette, you take the first bus you see pull in. And I see one down there pulling into the station right now, the bus depot. But where is it going? Okay, the bus that we were following appears to have changed itself from Allstar Movies to Disney's Saratoga Springs. There are five rounds to this game. One of them is I have to eat a meal. One is I have to interact with a character. I have to check out some merchandise. I have to do an activity. And the fifth one I can't remember and I have to look. How could I forget? I have to ride a ride. So, Saratoga Springs does have really good restaurants that I like a lot. The Paddock Bar by the Paddic [crying] Pool restaurant is closed right now for refurbishment. So, I can't go eat there, but I'm thinking I might use this as an opportunity to check out merchandise because there is some unique merchandise that they sell here at Saratoga Springs. And we made it to Saratoga Springs. If you've been watching for a while, you know that I love Saratoga [music] Springs because of the fact that originally this was the Disney Institute. This was Michael Eisner's dream, one man's dream. He went and visited a place [music] in New York called the Chattakqua Institution. It's a place where you can learn as an adult, but not in a boring way. I guess it was very engaging and exciting to him. And he wanted to create something similar here in Walt Disney World. And he did. The problem was people didn't want to learn when they came on vacation to Disney World. They wanted to let go and feel free and have fun and be a kid again and have fun watching their kids have a great time. They didn't want to come here and learn how to be a somalier or a video editor or a radio show host. Although that does sound fun, so maybe they should think about bringing it back. In any event, we are walking the grounds right now. I want to go to the paddic pool. It did say in the My Disney Experience app it's currently [music] closed for refurbishment, but it said it was closed until early December, and that's kind of We're in mid December now. So, I want to go over there. There's a black bean burger I've always wanted to try in the event that it's not there. [music] Nothing ventured, nothing gained. I don't feel bad about the fact that we've taken this journey. I wonder if this could be counted as an activity checking on the status of a pool [music] refurbishment. But you can see here they're working on this iconic water slide which is built around a water tower. Looks good. Please pardon our pixie dust. So you can see there is definitely no chance we are eating here today. But there's the Paddock Grill. That's where I wanted to eat. But if you are staying [music] at Saratoga Springs Resort, don't miss the opportunity to try that restaurant because it's uh it's really good and it's a little different and it's fun to walk the grounds and make your way out here. And certainly if you decide to spend your time at this pool, which I think you should, then uh you must eat here. That is my I'm ruling that. That is it is a must. If you are enjoying the pool, you have to you have to try this menu. But we're making our way back to the main area because I can't do an activity here. I can't eat here. I can't meet a character here. I can't ride a ride here. And I can't look at merchandise here. So, we have to do those things. And I have to do one of them here at Saratoga Springs. One of the reasons I love this game so much, and I've never gotten to play it, this is the first time, so I'm really excited, is that if you are a fan of the Beatles, you have heard of an album and a movie they made called the Magical Mystery Tour. And that's actually based on a real phenomenon, a real thing that happened in the UK in the 40s and the 50s and continued through the 60s of people taking these micro vacations where they would buy a ticket, board a bus, and not know the destination. This was immensely popular. A lot of times it was just a day trip. People also did weekend trips this way. And it was this kind of romantic, mysterious, fun way to get out of your own town and try something else, go somewhere different with a bunch of like-minded folks who just wanted to have fun. So, what I love about today is we're doing our own magical mystery tour here in Walt Disney World going where the bus takes us without having any clue where the destination is. And it already picked great for me because I love Saratoga Springs Resort. I actually really love it here in Artist Pallet. They have a delicious plant-based offering, the uh the Euro, the gyro. Anyway, it's vegan. It's really good, but I've had it a lot. And I want to see where else we end up because I want to try something I've never had before as part of this mystery day. But what I do know about this place is they have a great retail location right inside next to Artist Pallet where you can find so much amazing merch. [music] And let's check it out. A great, very impressive selection of ears. Oh, they've got socks. Those are cool. I haven't seen those goofy socks, actually. Cool visors. So, a lot of the current collections, they they have them. Oh, this is cool. A little swimwear area. A cool swim shirt. I haven't seen with Donald [music] and Pluto. $44.99 on that. Looks like an adult since this is an extra [music] small. They've got your candy if that's important to you. the watermelon shamoy uh sham [music] shamoy shamoy work. Anyway, oh they've got the power limes. That's really cool. They made the uh the power limes into a smaller more of a bite-sized size and put a bunch of them in a package together. That's great. And of course, they have their own line of Saratoga Springs merchandise. This is such a cool jacket. What an awesome [music] polo shirt. Very discreet Mickey there for $64.99. This would be great for golfing. A Saratoga Springs beach towel tumbler. [music] A very cool ornament. Oh, look at that cool pink polo. Saratoga Springs mug t-shirt. Oh, this is a very cool polo. Saratoga Springs Resort and Spa established in 2004. That's when it changed over to Saratoga Springs. And a gray polo. I really like his one a [music] lot. 64. Uh oh. 49.99. This is This is what I pick out. [music] I If I were really purchasing some merchandise right now. So far, I picked that. Although I do Oh, I love this. [music] I love this. That's really cool. Very cool. For wa $74.99. Cool. Oh, a Saratoga Springs purse. That's neat. for $75. That's so cool. That is a nice bag [music] and match with matching hairs. It has the matching layers. Tell me basic for Saratog. [music] Yeah, it's not vacation club or anything. I love that, too. It's subtle. I love that every day. You could. You could. And you could technically [music] use these every day. What do you think about wearing ears off property? Are you a fan? Yay or nay? Why not? Why not? That's what I say. Live your life. especially if you have a backpack. You can see this shop is uh is very extensive and uh they've got some really cool things [music] you can't get anywhere else in Disney World. So, definitely uh make this a priority if you're staying here or if you just want to come like me on a magical mystery tour. Merchandise done. First location, Saratoga Springs. Awesome place to visit. Amazing place to stay. And now we're headed back to the bus depot to see where we're headed next. There are no buses at the depot just yet, but there is one pulling in, and it doesn't say anything. This is truly a day of mystery. Here it comes. Who's it going to be? Magic Kingdom coming right up. [music] [music] I just checked the My Disney Experience app to see what the situation is with weight times on rides right now. [music] And we are in that time of year where Tiana's Bayou Adventure has a very low weight time because it's a little bit chilly outside. There is a trick with it that I want to test right now for a future video, a tips video. And uh I think we should test it together. It's kind of a spoiler. So this is your spoiler alert. When that other video comes out and you hear that tip talked about, [music] this was the moment we found out for sure if it was real or not. [music] So let's head to Tiana's Bio Adventure. Well, it was posted a 10-minute Oh, wait. when we were on the bus, but it's 30 minutes [music] now, which is still great for Tiana's Bayou Adventure. I'm saying, let's go for it. People [music] tend to stay away when it's a little chilly because you get wet. But the tip or the trick that I have in mind [music] that I'm testing involves the fact that cast members always tell me when I ask them the [music] best place to sit if you don't want to get wet, they always tell me the back row. And you can't ask nicely to be seated in the back [music] row. It's the same as waiting to sit in the front row. Different reason just as valid. [music] Here [music] we go. Well, I didn't nod whack. But it could have been worse. [music] [music] Well, really the only thing that got wet and it did get pretty wet was my face. A little on my shoulders, but it's already pretty much dry. The people in front of me seems to get very wet. So, that's probably the experience [music] that the family had who are wearing the ponchos right now. And it's probably a good thing they did that because it was a family of four and unless they split up their rides, [music] they wouldn't have been able to all be in the back seat, obviously. So, this is confirmed. Up to the minute, this tip works and [music] it's a great one, especially in the cooler months here in Florida. I won't say colder because I know those of you who are experiencing an actual cold season will not think that that's cool. So, I'm not saying that, but I am saying this is a good time of year to sit in the back row on Tiana's Bayou Adventure, and it works. Well, we're leaving Magic Kingdom, and we're not taking the Montreal, which is like the most unnatural feeling thing in the world, leaving Magic Kingdom anyway, but the Montreal. But we're taking the bus, which is fun because it's like I'm pretending that I'm staying at a resort. Okay, I've got my eye on this. I can't even see what it says, but this is that's the next bus. There are a lot of people waiting. It looks like good crowd. Great little set of restrooms out here in the boond docks. Number 27 to 34 out here. If you need to use a restroom, you have it. What does that say? Allstar. Does that say Allstar Music? Okay, we're going to All-Star Music. All right. Fun. We're here. Allstar Music. We have meal activity and character left. I'm going to look and see if they're doing an activity here right now. I know we can get a good meal here. I love eating here. Oh, there is the campfire. There are um you can roast marshmallows here and do s'mores. That's a fun activity. Here's a resort activity schedule. Oh, these end. Uh well, there's a lobby party Monday and Wednesday. What's today? It's Thursday. That's not going to work. Well, there's the games that Oh, we could play at the arcade. That's fun. I think we should go into the arcade and play some games. Would that be fun? I think so. I don't even know what games they have in there. I haven't played arcade games in a [music] long time. Each of the three Allstars has their own arcade. This is called Notable Games. Get it notes. Wow. This is cool. There's a hangout space for parents. There are people using the massage chairs right now and that's really cool. I think that's an excellent way to wait for your kids to play some games. But um I'm going to choose a game here and I'm going to load I think they do cards. I don't know. I've got to find out how this works. I'm really going to go for it. How cool is that? Literally never I say that and then a video that I've been in will emerge and I'll have played using one of these cards. I don't remember doing this, but I [music] do remember playing ski ball. And uh I do remember that I love this game. So, let's see. [music] There's a version of it called ice ball. And then there's this classic ski ball. And this one looks like Tron. Um and I think that's the one I want to play. And I want to play the middle the middle one because I have more room to flail. Oh my gosh, it's on. Okay, it's been a while. Oh, that would have been cool if I got it into 1,000. Oh, and I'm hitting it like it's Oh, I just got 5,000. Whoa. Let's Let's try to get 10,000. Oh, almost. Oh, 1,000 is good. I thought that was going to happen. Maybe. Oh, come on. I can do it. Oh, got it in the 5,000 again. Maybe I'll just stick to the No, stick to the 5,000s. And you know what? That was a great [music] warm-up. This one is right next door. It's called a milk jug toss. That sounds like a county fair to me. And that's something I like. So, let's play this one next. More milk jugs mean more tickets. Go for it. Oh dear. More milk jugs mean more tickets. What does that mean? Oh, there it comes. Okay. Okay. So, if I make it into the milk jug itself. Oh wow. Okay. Start when you hear the sound. Wow. There. You're getting better. These are better. No, I'm not getting better. I'm getting worse. Oh, that was Oh. Oh my gosh. It's so easy to get nothing. Oh. Oh, it's Oh, well. Okay. Oh, come on. Okay, that's all right. Oh, wow. Okay. You're supposed to get the ball into the milk jug. Not avoid it. Well, I tried to get it in the milk jug. I was not trying to avoid it. I have a little bit of trauma surrounding playing basketball. I made points for the wrong team and [music] I did so very confidently and um I was kind of cocky. I was like, "Yeah, I did it." And then I I made it for the wrong team. Uh thinking that I had done something good. So, [music] I'm going to return now. Maybe I can heal myself and make some points for the right team. Our team. Are you ready? Okay, I paid. Oh, now I start. Oh, here they go. Whoa. Okay, these are under inflated. Uh, is that cheating? The hoop is also very large. I don't know how to Oh, there we go. Oh, come on. It's easy. This should be easy. There we go. There we go. Nothing but net. Now we're getting there. Oh, come on. Oh, yeah. We got this. We got this. We got this. We got this. Wow. It's embarrassing not getting it in because uh the hoop is huge. Oh, wow. Uh, it just moved. I don't get it. Okay. Woo. I don't know. I don't know how I did, but we played that. Oh, yes. A driving game. And famously, I've never driven, so this will be exciting to see how I do when playing a driving game. I don't handle the turns very well. Get out of my way. Just get out. Get out of here. You want a jerk? Oh no. I'm out of control. I'm out of control. No way. They have Pac-Man. Miz Pac-Man and Galaga. Remember that. Class [music] of 1981. That was the year I was born. So, amen. This is uh Pac-Man's [music] Pixel Bash. Not really sure what that means. Oh my gosh. They have Mappy. This is the nickname that we call my friend Maryann. Piccolo. I've got to play Mappy. Oh, I just keep away from them. It's like Pac-Man but a little police officer mouse. Okay. Oh, good. I'm out of here. Oh, cruises. Player one. I'm ready as I'll ever be. Oh my gosh. You can just sit on it if you like that. Yes, I got it. No. Someday I'll learn how to play this. I like the fact that you can't die while you're on the bouncy thing. Oh no. Can I get it? I did something new. I got a computer. Let's get the Mona Lisa. Oh, a whole safe. Am I win the winner? Am I the winner? Round two. Wow. Oh, the same song. Oh, I think I died. We did so well on Mappy. Game over. [music] [music] All right, we're walking outside and something magical is happening. Did you do this just for us? Oh my god, there bubbles coming out of the trash can. and the most magical cast members in the world telling everyone have a great night. Speaking of having a great night, here is a bus. What is it? It's Epcot. It's Epcot. It's Epcot. We are going to Epcot. The night bus experience. They just turned off all the lights. It's very spooky but also cozy. We made it into Epcot. And normally the later hours are not a great time to meet characters because they're either retiring for the night or they've moved on to one of their nighttime spectaculars that they take part in, which many of them do. But you can always count on Mickey Mouse. He meets here in Epcot at Mickey and Friends, which is all part of the Communicore Hall and Plaza complex until 900 p.m. So, we are going straight to Mickey, the big cheese himself, to meet him and check that off our list here in Epcot. Hi, Mickey. Oh my gosh, it's so good to see [music] you. Happy evening in Epcot holidays. Yes. Thank you. picture. Yes. Should I Am I a mess? Oh, no. You're right. We both You have to extra over. [music] Oh, hello [singing] Minnie. Oh my gosh, it's so good to see you. Happy Epcot. I've been saying like happy Epcot evening. I don't know why it's like monumentous, but momentous momentous. I think that's the word. That's the word. I got to meet Mickey and Goofy and Minnie all at Mickey and Friends and so late in the day. What an amazing opportunity that they give us here in Epcot. Back to the buses. Only one thing left to do and that is eat. And where are we going to do that? That's what I want to know. From afar, I see a bus traveling. Oh my gosh. Where is it going? There's a moving bus. Is this the first bus to arrive? What is it? Animal Kingdom Lodge. Is this for real? Is this where we're going? Is this where we're going? Are we going to Animal Kingdom Lodge? Oh, are we eating at Bulma? Made it to Zomb House and I have great news. I was able to make a reservation for Bulma last minute. We've still got another about half an hour. I'm going to see if I can check in early, but this is quite a magical mystery tour indeed. Here's a little sneak preview of where we're eating. Bulma is a buffet. They serve foods that are inspired by or from Africa. And people love this restaurant. I haven't eaten here in a long time. The first thing I think about when I think of food and Animal Kingdom Lodge is this restaurant. I know a lot of people think SA. There are other great restaurants here. I even love the Mara, the quick service restaurant. But I just knew, oh my gosh, we're going to Animal Kingdom Lodge and we have to eat. We're going to Bulma. Starting out with some Pog juice. Unlimited Pog juice included with your meal. This is the avocado, papaya, and grapefruit salad. These are the spiced green beans and golden raisins. the black eyed peas, greens, and shakalaka. That's the zulu cabbage. And under it is the basmati rice. That's new to me. And of course, one of the great loves of my life, that peanut rice. Starting with the green beans. I'm just going to say it. The most flavorful green beans you will find on Walt Disney World property. They have a kick. These are spicy green beans, which may shock you if you're just looking to have a normal green bean experience, but they're more than green beans. They are a whole mood. And that mood is spicy, and it's packed with flavor. Okay, this is the black eyed peas, greens, and shaka laka. That's so flavorful, too. Nowhere near as spicy as the green beans. Wow. Very seasoned. Still so flavorful, but not intensely spicy like the green beans. Here's that Zulu cabbage with the basmati rice underneath. These spices, the seasoning, it's not something we typically have in the American diet in the American cuisine, but I just get to eat this now. This is so good. It's rich and savory. This will get you to eat your greens. Do I live in Bulma now? Is this my house? I'm insatiable. I'm going back for more. The hummus. The coriander hummus. Oh, okay. I'm going to get some of the pita bread. I always have to make sure to enjoy the hummus trio. They make a trio of house-made hummuses here. This is the coriander. This is the sundried tomato. And this is the plain. This is a French roll. And that is the pita bread. And I will be enjoying all of these together. First up, the coriander hummus. I love hummus, so I'm already partial. That is unlike any hummus I've ever had anywhere else. It has a very fresh, yes, it's herbaceious, but it also has this fresh, bright green flavor that I love. Always delicious. Tastes extra good right now. Sundried tomato hummus. You can find sundried tomato hummus pretty easily, but not like this. This is fresh. Unbelievably good. Crazy good. Crazy good hummus. Hummus is easy to make at home. It's chickpeas that you put in like a food processor, but this is beyond what I'm capable of producing in my kitchen. So, these people are magical. This is the plain, which is the flavor that I make at home. Wild. It's so good. So creamy. So fresh. I make it fresh, too. But it doesn't taste like this fo. Looking for the little green sprig on dessert. Not seeing it. But of course, for those of you who are not plant-based, if you don't have any dairy allergies or anything else, the zebra domes are the iconic dessert of Bulma. And now the whole resort, you can even buy them refrigerated various places around the two hotels. It's looking like a plant-based chocolate chip cookie is our offering. That looks great. And these are the plant-based chocolate chip cookies we get to enjoy now. So many delicious looking desserts there. For those of you who are not plant-based or don't have any allergies related to the other items, there was a bread and pudding that looks fantastic. Of course, the zebra domes, you have to try them, but this is what we get. So, let's see. We need coffee. That is so good. I can be critical of vegan cookies. There are a lot of them that I don't love. This one is flawless. It's soft. The chocolate is really delicious. M I'm sure I I have nothing bad to say. These are so good. I would buy these all the time if they sold them. Perfect. Of course, I had to come [music] out to the savannah and check out some of the animals at night. I saw a really cool giraffe eating. And this was a wonderful day. That's the giraffe [music] actually slamming their food container. Um it's very funny and fun. If you made it to the end of this awesome day that we had together, go ahead and put this password in the comments below. And while you're down there, hit like and subscribe and turn on notifications so you'll be the first to know when [music] myself or one of my friends comes out with a brand new video, including the giraffe. Something that we do all week. Thank you so much for joining us. And remember, we're serious about fun. See you next time.
