---
video_id: XWIfZc6BeC8
channel: AllEars.net
title: "I MUST Go Wherever The Bus Takes Me In Disney World -- Bus CHALLENGE 4"
published: 2026-03-30
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWIfZc6BeC8
---
I'm letting the Disney World buses control my fate today. This is Disney World Bus Roulette. So, it looks like you guys have already started in Epcot, Disney Springs, Animal Kingdom. So, today we're going to start in Hollywood Studios. Here are the rules. We've got a list of categories of things we're going to do in Disney World today. For each round, I will hop on the first bus that pulls up. Like, the bus can't just be sitting there. It literally has to drive up. I don't know how people like see that, though. Maybe I'll just go somewhere like in a central location, which is the first bus that's going to pull up. Maybe this feels central. See what it's the first bus to pull up. Yeah, this might be it. Is it Sarah? Are we going to Saratoga Springs? I don't see any other bus pulling up. Are you leaving or going? Yeah, I think that's it. I think we already found our first bus. Okay. All right. While we hop on the Saratoga Springs bus. Oh gosh. What was it to do? Saratoga Springs. I don't know. Okay. We're going to go Saratoga Springs. That's crazy. That's a new experience for me. I guess something's wrong with the bus. They're taking it out of commission. So, we're going to stay in a central location and look for our next bus. Hey, that's okay. I don't want to go to Saratoga Springs anyway. All right, what are we doing? What are we looking for? All right, looks like that's the next bus coming up. I don't see any other buses pulling up. So, where's that bus go? Where's that bus? Okay, I'm following. Where's this bus going? Oh, wait. No, is this the first bus? Oh, no. It was that bus. Okay, that was the first bus that I saw pull up. So, where is it going? Refilling my pixie dust, too. This bus roulette is not working out for me. I just want to go somewhere. Okay. All right. Here we go. Here we go. All right. Let's see. There's a bus over there. Please, please don't. There's a bus. All right. Please don't refill your pixie dust. I've got to go somewhere. I'm reading it correctly. It says Animal Kingdom and transfer it to Blizzard Beach. I think we're going to go to Animal Kingdom. That's nice cuz we'll get to do like a ride or something. We'll be I was I was I was nervous that I we were never going to be able to go to a a park to actually ride something, right? We did it. Bus roulette. Boss roulette. Bus roulette. No, bus roulette. We are at Animal Kingdom. We made it. And I'll prove it to you. We made it. definitely for this just because I don't know what buses we're going to get. That's the whole thing about, you know, bus roulette. You never know what you're going to get. We're definitely going to do a ride here. And as you can see today, I'm hyped about buses because I have to hype myself up about buses. This is an active effort right now. I am I'm not a huge bus individual. It's just it takes a long time. We like waiting for the bus, being on the bus sometimes takes a long time. You know, it's my least favorite form of free Disney transportation, but it is a staple here. A lot of people love it. But you could be waiting 25 minutes for a bus and then get on a 30 minute bus ride. And it's just it's just a huge time suck. Still love it. But for the purposes of today, bus roulette. Bus roulette. Okay, we're going to go to security and we'll figure out what ride we're going to ride. Oh my goodness. I'm very thankful that the bus rel to Animal Kingdom on such like a cool, beautiful day. The best time to come to Animal Kingdom is when it's cool like this because the animals, they're more active. Uh, of course, because on a on a cooler day, I'm more active. I don't blame them. So, if you're looking for animals, especially on Animal Kingdom Day, try and come when it's cooler, early in the morning, later in the evening, or just on a cool day like today, it's like a nice 70. Love it. Also, here at Animal Kingdom, there's not a lot left to do here. Honestly, this is what was happening in my brain. I was like, "Oh, I know what I'm gonna ride." Dinosaur. What do you mean? Okay. All right. Fine. Maybe triceratops spin. That's easy. What do you mean? Yes. Right now, Animal Kingdom is in a is in a period of transition. Dinoand USA is completely gone, which means they are making way for the tropical America's land. We're going to get some Encanto. We're going to get some Indiana Jones. Definitely exciting things happening, but whenever we're in this transition phase, it's just like, what's a bummer? 35 minutes. Maybe today is not the day to do it. Oh, cute. Oh, look at look, he's doing that walkie-d What are we going to do? So, here's the predicament I put myself in. I'm unsure if I'm going to be able to I don't know, ride another ride today because I don't know what buses are going to pull up. So, if I'm here, I feel like I should do that. But it is a busy day today. So, I either have to do Cali River Rapids, a water ride, that's about 20 minutes. But the reason it's a shorter wait compared to everything else at the park is because it's definitely a chill day. Or I can hope that the single ride at Everest has a short wait. It is currently a 60-minute wait, so we're looking maybe 20 minutes for that. I as well. We'll we'll do some experimenting. We'll look at some things. So, I was chatting with our producer and I was like, "Wait a minute. there's no like live entertainment on this and they're like yeah it's a character. I was like kind of but like yeah it's live entertainment but also like talking about like the the shows and things like that like why isn't that on a list and they're like well if you want to exchange meeting a character for a show you can do that and I was like done. So that's exciting because there are great shows here at Animal Kingdom Festival of the Lion King and Finding Nemo Big Blue and Beyond. Both musicals, both fantastic. My gosh, look at the line. Yeah, there's the single rider line. There's got to be a lot, too. I don't Oh, yeah. Look at the single rider line. Okay. Oh, man. Now, to be fair, there's no time constraint. If I had to wait in that line, I could. I just really don't want I don't I don't love lines. If you are new to the channel, heads up. I don't love lines. If you're not new to the channel, you know that. So, I think I'm going to have to risk it. I think I'm going to hopefully have to land at a theme park at an actual park to ride something later on in the day. Maybe I think I'm going to go see a show here. It's lovely. I love that. That's the first thing I get to do. So, let's go see some entertainment. I love this theater because so many great things have happened in this theater. Originally, when the park first opened, it was um I believe Jungle Book Jungle Book Live on Stage was so cool. Lots of puppets. My father was the original Beloo at the Jungle Book show here at the stage, which is super cool. And then after that, Tarzan Rocks, which a lot of people love. It was like a rock concert, but but also a roller skating rink and also It's Tarzan. A lot of people love that show. And then after that, it was Finding Nemo the musical, which was just a longer version of what we currently have today. And now we have the 25minute uh fast-paced Finding Nemo Big Blue and Beyond. Shall we? I love finding the big blue and beyond. Essentially a retelling of the Pixar movie except told by the tank gang. And when I say the tank gang, I mean the puffer fish and and Gil and the starfish. I mean, they're the ones essentially recalling how Nemo got lost, what happened with the sharks, what happened with the jellyfish, you know, all the above. So, so fun. Broadway caliber style show. Go check it out. Live entertainment is important. Let's get out on our next bus. Okay, here it is. What do we got? Allstar music. All right, where is that? Oh, wait. Is that leaving or going? Ah, this is so confusing. Looks like that this one is coming in. So, just in case. >> Just in case. That one. Yes, that one is going. That one's going. Yes, that one's leaving. So, this one, what is this one? This one. Oh, the Grand Fian. Okay, that's lovely. I Okay, I'm excited for that one. Grand Fian and Polynesian Village. Here we go. We made it to the Polynesian. Polynesian is uh I'd call it the vacation resort here uh at the Magic Kingdom Resort Montreal Loop. Definitely a deluxe resort. Uh more on the pricier side, but if you're looking for those like cool vacation, relaxing vibes, Polynesian, like it's it every time. got great dining like Ohana's. They've got fun um bars like Trader Sam's. And they've got the meal that I'm going to get here at Captain Cooks. Captain Cooks. Captain Hooks. No, Captain Cooks. Captain Cooks is the Polynesian kind of like quick service location. They've got flatbreads, they've got uh bowls, they've got pork nachos. Uh kind of runs the gamut here, but it's still that kind of that island flare. You can mobile order here if you are on a time crunch. What am I going to get? I decided to get these spicy Korean chicken bowl. I definitely had it before, so I'm going to have it again. I love something cravable. For about $13, it's crisp chicken strips with gochi jang sauce, steamed rice, and cucumber. I like it a lot. I love good rice. I love good spice. And I do remember this being like actually like a little bit spicy, like some heat. So, I love it. There's definitely some heat to it. Like a peppery heat. The go jing sauce. It's tang soy sauce like salty. The rice is actually just as like like a nice foundation. Like it's like a flavor reset from the cucumber. This I only saw like one cucumber. Uh which typically would be like the cooling effect to it all. But man, I love this. It's like Asian inspired comfort food. Also, heads up, Cafe Cooks was a little busy today and uh they actually stopped mobile ordering unless you were staying at the resort, which I thought was really interesting. I've never experienced that before. So, just note that that could happen. But Captain Cooks does have two different vibes. They've got the breakfast menu and they've got the lunch and dinner menu. I'm here for lunch and dinner, obviously. So, definitely can't go wrong. But now, it is time to finish this up, then get on another bus. The current bus stop is under construction at the Polynesian that has, you know, that has all the TVs and things like that letting you know when the next bus is coming. That's that's not happening right now. All they have is this Walt Disney World bus stop and everybody's just like hanging out and hoping their bus comes soon. So, literally is bus roulette. I guess we're going to Disney Springs. Okay, so the bus did say Disney Springs, but it dropped me off at the Grand Fian. I don't know how this bus roulette works, but I'm pretty sure I get on the first bus that I see, and then I get off on the very first stop that it takes me to. So, now I'm at the Grand Fian. I don't know how I ended up here, but we've ended up here. Uh, okay. Let's see what's left to do on the list. Let's see what we can do here at the Grand Fian. The Grand Fian to me is definitely the more high-end Disney resort you're going to find. It's definitely got those like classic vaulted ceilings, like the tile floor. Like it feels very much like an estate, if you will. Like if you're going to go to someone's estate, that's what this feels like. Even saying the word estate feels a little fancy. The Grand actually always had like a special place in my heart just because of how it ties to me and my world and my wife specifically. um for like 10 years, a little more than 10 years. My wife used to sing in the lobby here with the pianist. The Garden View Tea Room is now open and that used to hold Perfectly Princess Tea Party, which was like a tea party where uh there was a singer named Rose Petal and she told stories to kids and they did a whole tea party and they gave out dolls and they told the story of Sleep Beauty and then Sleep Beauty actually showed up and it was a cool thing. Oh, what am I going to do here? What's left on this list? Maybe it said Did it say activity? I know what I'm going to do. Anytime we come to the Grand Fian, I like to uh do this activity. Yeah, look at this. This is a gorgeous day today. Got a little bit of construction going on. Mostly just power washing. You are lakeside, which is super cool. You can run boats, pontoon boats, maybe do a firework cruise. If you love character breakfast, character breakfast dining experiences, you can uh go to park fair. Full reviews up on the channel. We love it. But I'm going to do an activity here at the Grand Fian. You can see me walking toward it. Haha. That's right. At most resorts, there's always some sort of like arcade cuz, you know, resorts have arcades. Sometimes kids want something to do just a little bit different. Uh just a a different way to provide some sort of activity to this like I feel like it's like a dying activity. Like arcades are like kind of like a thing of the past. Every once in a while you go to a Chuck-E-Cheese or a Dave and Busters or the Grand Fian. But this this arcade seems to be popping right now. I got a lot of people in here. >> She's spawn. >> Okay, here we go. >> Say cheese looking girl. >> Take a picture of myself. Little does this game know first is the worst, second is the best. Was it the most Disney activity? No. But is it an activity I love doing? Absolutely. You can find little kids like that all over Disney World. Again, just like a fun, silly thing to do with uh yourself or your kids in case you're bored. And it's just fun and different. I just met this family who, you know, uh they just flew in and so they're having and they had a super late night, so they're just having a chill day. And that's something, you know, they do on a chill day. they uh they would rather get here the day before just to have a day to adjust to the setting to the to all the things to make sure they're putting their best foot forward on their first Disney day tomorrow. And they're just like puttering around and like doing the arcade and eating at like silly little restaurants. They might go to Disney Springs tonight to like watch a movie, which I love that. I think that's great. Like adjust adjust to the setting of Disney World before you you kick it off cuz it's always the worst to like get off of a plane and then just hit the ground running. Although that might be fun, too. I don't know. Everybody's different. Hey, let's go get another bus. Where is this taking me? Are we going back to Animal Kingdom right now? Wait. Okay. Wait a minute, guys. All right. I guess we're going back to Animal Kingdom. Okay. I don't know if this has happened in a video yet where they've returned to this place they came, but here we go. Hey, ever want to go to Animal Kingdom twice in a day? I don't know how it happened, but we made our way back to Animal Kingdom where we have two final things to do. Uh ride a ride and uh do something with merch. Wow, look at that plant lady. That's crazy. Are those vines or her arms? She'll never tell. Now, while it pains me, it doesn't actually pain me. Let me Let me be clear. I am thrilled to ride a ride anywhere cuz it's a ride at Disney World. I just mean like while I don't really want to wait in a longer line. I fear that if I don't ride a ride here, whatever bus I go to might not take me to another park and might take me to a resort or something and I'm I might be, you know, it might be a huge mistake. So, with that said, I think I'm going to wait 90 minutes to Flight of Passage. Just kidding. No way. But I think I am going to once one more time check out that single rider line at uh Expedition Everest. Oh, that's only 20 minutes. Yes, Zootopia is a is an attraction. Counts. It counts. I promise. 20 minutes. That's not bad. Yeah, let's do that. Let's do Zootopia Better You Together. Zootopia Better You Together is about a 10 12 minute uh 40 3D show inside of the Tree of Life. Throughout the show, you get to experience all the different uh zones, I suppose, uh parts of town in uh Zootopia. So, the the tundra town and the desert and the swamplands. I I'll be honest, I've only done this a handful of times because it is the newest attraction here. It replaced It's Tough to be a bug. And so, every time I do this, I see something a little bit new or I learned something that I didn't know before. Now, if you're familiar with It's Tough to Be a Bug, the show before this that was in the Tree of Life, it was definitely it was familyfriendlyish, but there were definitely some moments that were frightening for kids. This, not so much, I would say. While there are like water and and and air effects and smoke effects, things like that, there might be moments that uh might uh surprise younger viewers, there's nothing that's going to intentionally scare you the way that Hopper did in the dark and all the above. So, let's do this together. Something to also remember is that when you're inside the tree of life, this is just like a a random tidbit. There is no cell service. You've got nothing. So, if you're trying to like grab Lightning Lanes and refresh or let people know you're about to watch Zootopia, better together, forget about it. It's just not happening. Can't do it. Even the Wi-Fi. There's no Wi-Fi in here either. It's like, do you want to connect via satellite? I was like, what? So, just something to something to know. Okay. All right. And now we are looking for our final bus. There are two pulling up right there. It looks like Epcot is on the move. It's going. One just stopped over there. So, let's find out what that was. That's wild. I just looked at the sign and if that's the bus that just stopped, I will lose my mind. So, a bus pulled up and it is Hollywood Studios. We're going to go back to Hollywood Studios. This is the wild This is the silliest I call it wild. It's just like the silliest bus roulette because I've only been to four different play Wait, I've been to like three or four different locations. This is hilarious. Killing me. Okay, great. Let's go find some Birch in Hollywood Studios. By some crazy chance, we are back at Hollywood Studios for our final task of the day. Uh, which I I guess technically, even though we started at a Hollywood Studio, we didn't do Hollywood Studios. So, I feel better about that. What a weird day. Uh, oh yeah, let's go look at some merch. There's a lot of different merch at Hollywood Studios. Uh, specifically because of all what they would call like the immersive lands like uh with Toy Story Land, Galaxy's Edge, and then everywhere else. So, I don't know for certain, but I think the goal is to buy something, right? or show off something. And if I'm gonna uh and if I'm gonna buy something right now, I'm gonna buy something for Violet because Violet is potty training, which is good and and challenging at times. But she's doing this like this like pee pee chart thing where every time she like goes on the potty like x amount of times and she gets like a treat. But if she fills out her co her but if she fills out her entire chart, she gets like a souvenir. So I think I'm going to I'm going to use all ears to my advantage right now. While I'm at the park, I'm gonna buy Violet a potty treat. Sounds weird, but I promise it's not. Violet loves these. She has Cinderella. She has Anna and Belle and Moana. She mentioned the other day about a Princess Aurora. So, I think going to do a Princess Aurora. Lovely. Oh, yeah. These are just a fun Princess doll collection. There are knockoffs of these at Target and things like that. Um, but yeah, each one is about 25 bucks. It's not bad. and and they're like super cute. I used to like have a big problem with their like bag hair because it's like just a bag to hair, but but then I got over it. Anyway, all right, let's go. This is our merch. This is our merch is our You can find this merch at Disney Springs as well, but I have not been able to find these princess dolls at a lot of locations, so I'm pleased that they're here. This is also the store that has like this awesome villain section. And the villain section wasn't always here. It definitely came with villains unfairly ever after, but uh oh, they've got a little fantasmic section over here, but villains uh I love a lot of their villains collections. But I'm just going to say this out loud, like as like, you know, like not a big situation, but as some, you know, as as a character they feature in a show at this park, they really don't have a lot of Captain Hook merchandise. They've got a lot of Maleficent. Lot of Maleficent. A lot of Kruella. >> Not a lot of Captain Hook. That drives me a little crazy. All right, let's see. Okay, we've got a we've got Captain Hook there. Okay. And I know he's a little bit on there, but no, nothing. Nothing on this t-shirt. I wear this t-shirt. I like this a lot, but no Captain Hook. It's part of a puzzle, I guess. Nothing. He's not a part of the Villains World Tour. He was not invited. Talk about misunderstood, you guys. Let's keep going. Yep. Any No, Captain. Is that Captain Hook? Nope. That's facil. Nope. See, no Captain Hook. Wow. I'm going to have to write a strongly worded letter. We got a Oh my gosh. This is the first thing that I've seen that's directly other than the ornament. We know this. They're selling hooks now. Pirate hooks. But it's not even It's not even Captain Hook inspired. That's See, but I All right, we I've got a bone to pick. This This is unacceptable. So, let's talk about how today went. So, we had a list of things. We did every single one of those things. They took us from Hollywood Studios to Animal Kingdom to the Grand Fian to the Polynesian, back to the Animal Kingdom, back to Hollywood Studios. Definitely a unique bus roulette day. But honestly, I I had a good time. I mean, like I got to play some arcade games. I saw a show. I had a really yummy lunch. Uh I bought something for Violet. I mean, like, this is definitely something to do if you have experienced Disney World many times and you're looking to experience Disney World a brand new way. Is this a huge optimization uh for your time here in Disney World? Absolutely not. But it is a unique way to experience it. I think we told a pretty good story today. Had a lot of ups and downs and started with a little bit of chaos. I was unsure about how the day was going to go, but hey, we made it and we have prizes. So, thanks for coming along with me on this journey. Hey, if you're still here, like this video and don't forget to drop this secret phrase in the comments so that way we know you made it this far. Wait, don't go. Before you go, subscribe because we drop videos like this all week full of tips, secrets, presents, games, mysteries, splashes, and more. I don't know. Why do we do all that? Because we're serious about fun. Bye, everybody. Hey.
