---
video_id: 8XtHu7MhbLA
channel: AllEars.net
title: "A Perfect Morning In Magic Kingdom -- Rate My Trip!"
published: 2026-01-05
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8XtHu7MhbLA
---
How do you have the perfect morning in How do you have the perfect morning in How do you have the perfect morning in Magic Kingdom? We gave it our best shot. Magic Kingdom? We gave it our best shot. Magic Kingdom? We gave it our best shot. Get ready to rate my trip. [music] Get ready to rate my trip. [music] Get ready to rate my trip. [music] &gt;&gt; Okay, our perfect morning for Rate My &gt;&gt; Okay, our perfect morning for Rate My &gt;&gt; Okay, our perfect morning for Rate My Trip starts [music] in just 2 minutes. Trip starts [music] in just 2 minutes. Trip starts [music] in just 2 minutes. I'm inside Magic Kingdom and we actually I'm inside Magic Kingdom and we actually I'm inside Magic Kingdom and we actually got a good day for this because Magic got a good day for this because Magic got a good day for this because Magic Kingdom opens at 8:00 a.m. Kingdom opens at 8:00 a.m. Kingdom opens at 8:00 a.m. Um, now this is great because as you can Um, now this is great because as you can Um, now this is great because as you can see, not a ton of people on Main Street. see, not a ton of people on Main Street. see, not a ton of people on Main Street. And that's just because 8 am means to And that's just because 8 am means to And that's just because 8 am means to really rope drop, you've got to be on really rope drop, you've got to be on really rope drop, you've got to be on your way to Magic Kingdom at 7 a.m., your way to Magic Kingdom at 7 a.m., your way to Magic Kingdom at 7 a.m., which means getting up somewhere around which means getting up somewhere around which means getting up somewhere around it's a little bit uh harder of a task to it's a little bit uh harder of a task to it's a little bit uh harder of a task to accomplish, but if you can manage it, accomplish, but if you can manage it, accomplish, but if you can manage it, which I understand is especially which I understand is especially which I understand is especially challenging if [music] you are not a challenging if [music] you are not a challenging if [music] you are not a morning person like me or if you've got morning person like me or if you've got morning person like me or if you've got kiddos, uh, then you could have a pretty kiddos, uh, then you could have a pretty kiddos, uh, then you could have a pretty incredible morning in Magic Kingdom. We incredible morning in Magic Kingdom. We incredible morning in Magic Kingdom. We are going to attempt to start by riding are going to attempt to start by riding are going to attempt to start by riding perhaps the most popular ride in the perhaps the most popular ride in the perhaps the most popular ride in the park which is Seven Dwarfs Mine Train. park which is Seven Dwarfs Mine Train. park which is Seven Dwarfs Mine Train. It's either that or Tron light cycle It's either that or Tron light cycle It's either that or Tron light cycle run, but I actually think it's Seven run, but I actually think it's Seven run, but I actually think it's Seven Dwarfves [music] just because Tron is a Dwarfves [music] just because Tron is a Dwarfves [music] just because Tron is a thrill ride that isn't accessible to thrill ride that isn't accessible to thrill ride that isn't accessible to everybody. And Seven Dwarfs is not everybody. And Seven Dwarfs is not everybody. And Seven Dwarfs is not accessible to everybody, but it is more accessible to everybody, but it is more accessible to everybody, but it is more accessible to kids and families than accessible to kids and families than accessible to kids and families than Tron. And this is of course a kids and Tron. And this is of course a kids and Tron. And this is of course a kids and families park, so I like to call it the families park, so I like to call it the families park, so I like to call it the most popular ride. Now, if you are a most popular ride. Now, if you are a most popular ride. Now, if you are a hotel guest, you actually get early hotel guest, you actually get early hotel guest, you actually get early entry. And early entry starts even entry. And early entry starts even entry. And early entry starts even before before before um this. It started at 7:30 this um this. It started at 7:30 this um this. It started at 7:30 this morning, 30 minutes prior to park open. morning, 30 minutes prior to park open. morning, 30 minutes prior to park open. And so some folks have already been in And so some folks have already been in And so some folks have already been in in some of the lands, specifically much in some of the lands, specifically much in some of the lands, specifically much of Tomorrowland, not cutting Tron, a lot of Tomorrowland, not cutting Tron, a lot of Tomorrowland, not cutting Tron, a lot of fantasy land. This is so empty. I of fantasy land. This is so empty. I of fantasy land. This is so empty. I think we're going to have a really good think we're going to have a really good think we're going to have a really good morning. Looks like there is no Let the morning. Looks like there is no Let the morning. Looks like there is no Let the Magic Begin show at the castle this Magic Begin show at the castle this Magic Begin show at the castle this morning. Typically, that's a great way morning. Typically, that's a great way morning. Typically, that's a great way to start the day, [music] but maybe it's to start the day, [music] but maybe it's to start the day, [music] but maybe it's too cold for it. I don't know. Or maybe too cold for it. I don't know. Or maybe too cold for it. I don't know. Or maybe because the stage is set up for the because the stage is set up for the because the stage is set up for the holidays, they can't [music] do it. But holidays, they can't [music] do it. But holidays, they can't [music] do it. But it's typically [clears throat] a very it's typically [clears throat] a very it's typically [clears throat] a very fun show. So, I'm kind of sad we missed fun show. So, I'm kind of sad we missed fun show. So, I'm kind of sad we missed it. It should have happened just now as it. It should have happened just now as it. It should have happened just now as we were walking up the street because we were walking up the street because we were walking up the street because the park is officially open. Our game the park is officially open. Our game the park is officially open. Our game has officially started. And I think has officially started. And I think has officially started. And I think we're going to have a best morning ever we're going to have a best morning ever we're going to have a best morning ever in Magic Kingdom. That's the plan in Magic Kingdom. That's the plan in Magic Kingdom. That's the plan anyway. So, the line for Seven Doors anyway. So, the line for Seven Doors anyway. So, the line for Seven Doors Mine Train is outside of the little Mine Train is outside of the little Mine Train is outside of the little awning. It was pretty long. However, awning. It was pretty long. However, awning. It was pretty long. However, we're still going to do it because the we're still going to do it because the we're still going to do it because the big trick with why rope drop is so big trick with why rope drop is so big trick with why rope drop is so effective on some of these rides, even effective on some of these rides, even effective on some of these rides, even though the lines start to get long, though the lines start to get long, though the lines start to get long, Lightning Lane hasn't kicked in yet. Lightning Lane hasn't kicked in yet. Lightning Lane hasn't kicked in yet. lightning lanes Disney's paid skip the lightning lanes Disney's paid skip the lightning lanes Disney's paid skip the line option and it does in some cases line option and it does in some cases line option and it does in some cases more than others slow down the regular more than others slow down the regular more than others slow down the regular line but first thing in the morning line but first thing in the morning line but first thing in the morning there are fewer lightning lanes entering there are fewer lightning lanes entering there are fewer lightning lanes entering the line um just because they sort of the line um just because they sort of the line um just because they sort of start to compound as the day goes on and start to compound as the day goes on and start to compound as the day goes on and usually the lines move a lot quicker so usually the lines move a lot quicker so usually the lines move a lot quicker so we're hopping in this line as of 8:05 we're hopping in this line as of 8:05 we're hopping in this line as of 8:05 and we're going to see how long it takes and we're going to see how long it takes and we're going to see how long it takes us to ride 7 dwarfs mine train perfect us to ride 7 dwarfs mine train perfect us to ride 7 dwarfs mine train perfect morning morning morning &gt;&gt; it's 7:54 a.m. where I am rogue dropping &gt;&gt; it's 7:54 a.m. where I am rogue dropping &gt;&gt; it's 7:54 a.m. where I am rogue dropping Captain Cooks for breakfast. Yes, I am Captain Cooks for breakfast. Yes, I am Captain Cooks for breakfast. Yes, I am using some part time to have a real using some part time to have a real using some part time to have a real breakfast before I get started. I'm breakfast before I get started. I'm breakfast before I get started. I'm going to skip lunch and do nothing but going to skip lunch and do nothing but going to skip lunch and do nothing but have fun from now on after I have a have fun from now on after I have a have fun from now on after I have a delicious breakfast. Captain Cooks is a delicious breakfast. Captain Cooks is a delicious breakfast. Captain Cooks is a quick service restaurant inside Disney's quick service restaurant inside Disney's quick service restaurant inside Disney's Polynesian Village Resort. They do Polynesian Village Resort. They do Polynesian Village Resort. They do accept mobile order. However, the item accept mobile order. However, the item accept mobile order. However, the item that I'm ordering is an off-men item. that I'm ordering is an off-men item. that I'm ordering is an off-men item. They have something here called Tonga They have something here called Tonga They have something here called Tonga Toast. It's also a legendary offering Toast. It's also a legendary offering Toast. It's also a legendary offering upstairs at their sit-down restaurant upstairs at their sit-down restaurant upstairs at their sit-down restaurant called Kona Cafe, but down here it's called Kona Cafe, but down here it's called Kona Cafe, but down here it's cheaper. You can get it as a quick cheaper. You can get it as a quick cheaper. You can get it as a quick service offering, and they offer it down service offering, and they offer it down service offering, and they offer it down here like they do upstairs in a here like they do upstairs in a here like they do upstairs in a plant-based version, but down here, you plant-based version, but down here, you plant-based version, but down here, you just have to know about it. It's not on just have to know about it. It's not on just have to know about it. It's not on the menu, and you can't order it on the menu, and you can't order it on the menu, and you can't order it on mobile order. You have to wait in line. mobile order. You have to wait in line. mobile order. You have to wait in line. And very quickly, they got this out for And very quickly, they got this out for And very quickly, they got this out for us. $10.99 you get this generous portion us. $10.99 you get this generous portion us. $10.99 you get this generous portion of what is essentially French toast with of what is essentially French toast with of what is essentially French toast with bananas on the inside and the entire bananas on the inside and the entire bananas on the inside and the entire thing is dusted in at least sugar. I thing is dusted in at least sugar. I thing is dusted in at least sugar. I think there's cinnamon in there too. think there's cinnamon in there too. think there's cinnamon in there too. Here's a plant-based sausage. And I like Here's a plant-based sausage. And I like Here's a plant-based sausage. And I like to bring it out back here to Trader to bring it out back here to Trader to bring it out back here to Trader Sam's tiki terrace. This is the area out Sam's tiki terrace. This is the area out Sam's tiki terrace. This is the area out back. The kind of more casual outdoor back. The kind of more casual outdoor back. The kind of more casual outdoor Trader Sam's experience. Trader Sam's is Trader Sam's experience. Trader Sam's is Trader Sam's experience. Trader Sam's is the heavily themed immersive tiki bar the heavily themed immersive tiki bar the heavily themed immersive tiki bar that is here that people line up for to that is here that people line up for to that is here that people line up for to experience at the Polynesian Village experience at the Polynesian Village experience at the Polynesian Village Resort. Of course, it's closed. It's Resort. Of course, it's closed. It's Resort. Of course, it's closed. It's very early in the morning. And so, I'm very early in the morning. And so, I'm very early in the morning. And so, I'm bringing my breakfast out here. And this bringing my breakfast out here. And this bringing my breakfast out here. And this is my idea of the ultimate perfect is my idea of the ultimate perfect is my idea of the ultimate perfect morning, the best way to start a day at morning, the best way to start a day at morning, the best way to start a day at Magic Kingdom. Actually, not in Magic Magic Kingdom. Actually, not in Magic Magic Kingdom. Actually, not in Magic Kingdom. I've done this tip for social Kingdom. I've done this tip for social Kingdom. I've done this tip for social media before, but if you um take one of media before, but if you um take one of media before, but if you um take one of these these these packets of Smucker strawberry jam packets of Smucker strawberry jam packets of Smucker strawberry jam and one of the knives and you kind of and one of the knives and you kind of and one of the knives and you kind of whiff it up, you sort of get the whiff it up, you sort of get the whiff it up, you sort of get the consistency of the strawberry compost consistency of the strawberry compost consistency of the strawberry compost that's served on the Tonga toast that's served on the Tonga toast that's served on the Tonga toast upstairs at Kona Cafe. It is not served upstairs at Kona Cafe. It is not served upstairs at Kona Cafe. It is not served with it down here. That is something you with it down here. That is something you with it down here. That is something you miss by eating this at Captain Cooks. miss by eating this at Captain Cooks. miss by eating this at Captain Cooks. But I've figured out this little hack But I've figured out this little hack But I've figured out this little hack that kind of approximates the that kind of approximates the that kind of approximates the experience. And for the price, I think experience. And for the price, I think experience. And for the price, I think it's very, very good. And there is the it's very, very good. And there is the it's very, very good. And there is the finished product. That strawberry finished product. That strawberry finished product. That strawberry compost we approximated on top with a compost we approximated on top with a compost we approximated on top with a couple of packets of maple syrup. And couple of packets of maple syrup. And couple of packets of maple syrup. And when we take a look inside, there are when we take a look inside, there are when we take a look inside, there are those bananas, that awesome plant-based those bananas, that awesome plant-based those bananas, that awesome plant-based French toast. And Emma and I did a French toast. And Emma and I did a French toast. And Emma and I did a review of Kona Cafe where we compared review of Kona Cafe where we compared review of Kona Cafe where we compared the plant-based to the regular Taga the plant-based to the regular Taga the plant-based to the regular Taga toast. I did a blind taste test with toast. I did a blind taste test with toast. I did a blind taste test with Emma and she ultimately picked the Emma and she ultimately picked the Emma and she ultimately picked the non-plant-based one as non-plant-based. non-plant-based one as non-plant-based. non-plant-based one as non-plant-based. She said that just in general it tasted She said that just in general it tasted She said that just in general it tasted better to her, which I completely better to her, which I completely better to her, which I completely understand. That's more more times than understand. That's more more times than understand. That's more more times than not going to be the way that it is. But not going to be the way that it is. But not going to be the way that it is. But this is really delicious to me. If you this is really delicious to me. If you this is really delicious to me. If you or somebody in your family has special or somebody in your family has special or somebody in your family has special dietary needs, especially allergies or dietary needs, especially allergies or dietary needs, especially allergies or if they're plant-based, Magic Kingdom is if they're plant-based, Magic Kingdom is if they're plant-based, Magic Kingdom is not the best at accommodating those for not the best at accommodating those for not the best at accommodating those for breakfast. You can find some breakfast. You can find some breakfast. You can find some accommodations in table service accommodations in table service accommodations in table service restaurants, but if you're looking for restaurants, but if you're looking for restaurants, but if you're looking for something quick service, grab and go, something quick service, grab and go, something quick service, grab and go, it's tough out there on the main streets it's tough out there on the main streets it's tough out there on the main streets of Magic Kingdom. I like to start my day of Magic Kingdom. I like to start my day of Magic Kingdom. I like to start my day with breakfast at a resort. Now, you with breakfast at a resort. Now, you with breakfast at a resort. Now, you could do this earlier than I did, but could do this earlier than I did, but could do this earlier than I did, but then the line would have been much then the line would have been much then the line would have been much longer because most people are now in longer because most people are now in longer because most people are now in the parks. They're not standing in line the parks. They're not standing in line the parks. They're not standing in line at the resort getting breakfast at the at the resort getting breakfast at the at the resort getting breakfast at the time the park opens. That's my little time the park opens. That's my little time the park opens. That's my little tip. I'm in my way saving money. I slept tip. I'm in my way saving money. I slept tip. I'm in my way saving money. I slept a little bit longer. I took longer a little bit longer. I took longer a little bit longer. I took longer getting ready. I walked my dog Daisy. We getting ready. I walked my dog Daisy. We getting ready. I walked my dog Daisy. We had a nice morning. And now I'm here had a nice morning. And now I'm here had a nice morning. And now I'm here having breakfast at a place that I love. having breakfast at a place that I love. having breakfast at a place that I love. I'm having a dish that I'm obsessed I'm having a dish that I'm obsessed I'm having a dish that I'm obsessed with. And I'm not stressed. I'm with. And I'm not stressed. I'm with. And I'm not stressed. I'm completely calm. I feel great. I feel completely calm. I feel great. I feel completely calm. I feel great. I feel happy. And I'm not irritated. I'm not happy. And I'm not irritated. I'm not happy. And I'm not irritated. I'm not hangry because I can't find food that I hangry because I can't find food that I hangry because I can't find food that I like in Magic Kingdom or breakfast. It like in Magic Kingdom or breakfast. It like in Magic Kingdom or breakfast. It gets better at lunch. Way better. gets better at lunch. Way better. gets better at lunch. Way better. &gt;&gt; All right. 19 minutes later and I'm &gt;&gt; All right. 19 minutes later and I'm &gt;&gt; All right. 19 minutes later and I'm boarding. 19 minutes for seven dwarves. boarding. 19 minutes for seven dwarves. boarding. 19 minutes for seven dwarves. I'll take it. [music] &gt;&gt; So good. &gt;&gt; So good. &gt;&gt; So good. Why wouldn't you do this? &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Look at Look at this. It's just We're &gt;&gt; Look at Look at this. It's just We're &gt;&gt; Look at Look at this. It's just We're the kings of the world and queens. It's the kings of the world and queens. It's the kings of the world and queens. It's like being royalty. [music] This This is being a VIP in Disney This This is being a VIP in Disney This This is being a VIP in Disney World. World. World. Very [music] Very [music] Very [music] impressive planner. impressive planner. impressive planner. &gt;&gt; All right, under 20 minutes and we got &gt;&gt; All right, under 20 minutes and we got &gt;&gt; All right, under 20 minutes and we got to ride Seven's Mine Train. That's to ride Seven's Mine Train. That's to ride Seven's Mine Train. That's pretty cool. Wait times are still really pretty cool. Wait times are still really pretty cool. Wait times are still really low cuz it's still really early and then low cuz it's still really early and then low cuz it's still really early and then also Magic Kingdom was at 6:00 today for also Magic Kingdom was at 6:00 today for also Magic Kingdom was at 6:00 today for a party. So, I don't think a lot of a party. So, I don't think a lot of a party. So, I don't think a lot of people came here even though it's still people came here even though it's still people came here even though it's still a ton of time in a park day. And even a ton of time in a park day. And even a ton of time in a park day. And even though there's a short park day today, though there's a short park day today, though there's a short park day today, you can probably get the same amount you can probably get the same amount you can probably get the same amount done that you would be able to get done done that you would be able to get done done that you would be able to get done on a different day of the week that was on a different day of the week that was on a different day of the week that was a longer park day [music] because people a longer park day [music] because people a longer park day [music] because people avoid short park days and you'll have a avoid short park days and you'll have a avoid short park days and you'll have a better time doing it most likely. And better time doing it most likely. And better time doing it most likely. And then you can go to another park if you then you can go to another park if you then you can go to another park if you have Park Hopper or Disney Springs if have Park Hopper or Disney Springs if have Park Hopper or Disney Springs if you don't. So, you know, you can still you don't. So, you know, you can still you don't. So, you know, you can still have your super long day if that's what have your super long day if that's what have your super long day if that's what you want. But let's see. I'm kind of you want. But let's see. I'm kind of you want. But let's see. I'm kind of tempted. I think I am going to go try to tempted. I think I am going to go try to tempted. I think I am going to go try to get Peter Pan's Flight, too. I would get Peter Pan's Flight, too. I would get Peter Pan's Flight, too. I would call Peter Pan's Flight is also call Peter Pan's Flight is also call Peter Pan's Flight is also definitely top five most popular rides definitely top five most popular rides definitely top five most popular rides in Magic Kingdom. Maybe top three. It is in Magic Kingdom. Maybe top three. It is in Magic Kingdom. Maybe top three. It is a dark ride, a classic Disney dark ride a dark ride, a classic Disney dark ride a dark ride, a classic Disney dark ride where you fly in a pirate ship, through where you fly in a pirate ship, through where you fly in a pirate ship, through the story of Peter Pan, over London, the story of Peter Pan, over London, the story of Peter Pan, over London, over Neverland. It is wonderful and over Neverland. It is wonderful and over Neverland. It is wonderful and charming and so so fun and often has charming and so so fun and often has charming and so so fun and often has weights of an hour or 45 minutes, but weights of an hour or 45 minutes, but weights of an hour or 45 minutes, but right now it's still posted a 20-minute right now it's still posted a 20-minute right now it's still posted a 20-minute wait. It is typically my rope choice wait. It is typically my rope choice wait. It is typically my rope choice because a lot of the hotel guests in because a lot of the hotel guests in because a lot of the hotel guests in early entry tend to head to Seven Doors early entry tend to head to Seven Doors early entry tend to head to Seven Doors Mine Train and then Peter Pan, which Mine Train and then Peter Pan, which Mine Train and then Peter Pan, which means if you rope drop Peter Pan's means if you rope drop Peter Pan's means if you rope drop Peter Pan's flight, you might get ahead of some of flight, you might get ahead of some of flight, you might get ahead of some of those hotel guests, which is a lot of those hotel guests, which is a lot of those hotel guests, which is a lot of times what I do. But this morning, we're times what I do. But this morning, we're times what I do. But this morning, we're going for we're going for gold with going for we're going for gold with going for we're going for gold with both. both. both. having our little fantasy land morning. having our little fantasy land morning. having our little fantasy land morning. The big trick with morning in the parks The big trick with morning in the parks The big trick with morning in the parks is that the first hour or two hours that is that the first hour or two hours that is that the first hour or two hours that the park is open are going to have some the park is open are going to have some the park is open are going to have some of the shortest lines of the entire day. of the shortest lines of the entire day. of the shortest lines of the entire day. And that is when you want to be riding And that is when you want to be riding And that is when you want to be riding rides. So don't worry, snacks and rides. So don't worry, snacks and rides. So don't worry, snacks and breakfast will be a part of my perfect breakfast will be a part of my perfect breakfast will be a part of my perfect morning this morning. But I'm using this morning this morning. But I'm using this morning this morning. But I'm using this prime time to get a lot of the biggest prime time to get a lot of the biggest prime time to get a lot of the biggest rides in. 13 minutes. Pixie dust and off we go. Pixie dust and off we go. Pixie dust and off we go. &gt;&gt; And by 8:36 we're already waiting for &gt;&gt; And by 8:36 we're already waiting for &gt;&gt; And by 8:36 we're already waiting for the Montreal headed to Magic Kingdom. the Montreal headed to Magic Kingdom. the Montreal headed to Magic Kingdom. And I think I see it now. There it is. And I think I see it now. There it is. And I think I see it now. There it is. So with the resort Montreal, you can So with the resort Montreal, you can So with the resort Montreal, you can actually go all the way to the front. actually go all the way to the front. actually go all the way to the front. And there is a gate 12 trick on that end And there is a gate 12 trick on that end And there is a gate 12 trick on that end as well on this Montreal line. So over as well on this Montreal line. So over as well on this Montreal line. So over here on the right hand side where the here on the right hand side where the here on the right hand side where the resort Montreal is, there is a little resort Montreal is, there is a little resort Montreal is, there is a little staircase to exit here as well. And you staircase to exit here as well. And you staircase to exit here as well. And you can see it does have an advantage to be can see it does have an advantage to be can see it does have an advantage to be in the front of the Montreal in this in the front of the Montreal in this in the front of the Montreal in this case on the resort line. And another case on the resort line. And another case on the resort line. And another great benefit of coming a little bit great benefit of coming a little bit great benefit of coming a little bit later than the rope drop crowd is that later than the rope drop crowd is that later than the rope drop crowd is that look at all these cast members waiting look at all these cast members waiting look at all these cast members waiting for us to arrive. And we're arriving for for us to arrive. And we're arriving for for us to arrive. And we're arriving for our perfect magical day. our perfect magical day. our perfect magical day. &gt;&gt; Hi Quincy. Hi crowd. Hi Emma. &gt;&gt; Hi Quincy. Hi crowd. Hi Emma. &gt;&gt; Hi Quincy. Hi crowd. Hi Emma. Okay. I was thinking about popping out Okay. I was thinking about popping out Okay. I was thinking about popping out of Thanos and into Liberty Square to get of Thanos and into Liberty Square to get of Thanos and into Liberty Square to get Haunted Mansion, but it is currently Haunted Mansion, but it is currently Haunted Mansion, but it is currently down. 13 minutes for Peter Pan is down. 13 minutes for Peter Pan is down. 13 minutes for Peter Pan is awesome, especially after riding 700 awesome, especially after riding 700 awesome, especially after riding 700 without early entry. [music] This is a without early entry. [music] This is a without early entry. [music] This is a killer morning so far for sure. I'm killer morning so far for sure. I'm killer morning so far for sure. I'm thinking about potentially popping into thinking about potentially popping into thinking about potentially popping into Tomorrowland with you. I mean, maybe say Tomorrowland with you. I mean, maybe say Tomorrowland with you. I mean, maybe say something, maybe even Tron if we're something, maybe even Tron if we're something, maybe even Tron if we're feeling bold. Tiana's Bay is also down. feeling bold. Tiana's Bay is also down. feeling bold. Tiana's Bay is also down. Also quite chilly this morning, so I'm a Also quite chilly this morning, so I'm a Also quite chilly this morning, so I'm a little hesitant to do that one. Even little hesitant to do that one. Even little hesitant to do that one. Even though I do think uh my friends may have though I do think uh my friends may have though I do think uh my friends may have bet that I wouldn't ride a water ride uh bet that I wouldn't ride a water ride uh bet that I wouldn't ride a water ride uh since it is pretty chilly. But I would since it is pretty chilly. But I would since it is pretty chilly. But I would like to ride Winnie the Pooh. It's just like to ride Winnie the Pooh. It's just like to ride Winnie the Pooh. It's just honestly posting is the longest weight honestly posting is the longest weight honestly posting is the longest weight in the park. Not really. Tron's longer, in the park. Not really. Tron's longer, in the park. Not really. Tron's longer, but it's posted at 30 minutes right now. but it's posted at 30 minutes right now. but it's posted at 30 minutes right now. And it's been pretty long all morning. And it's been pretty long all morning. And it's been pretty long all morning. It was definitely the longest wait in It was definitely the longest wait in It was definitely the longest wait in early entry, which is so funny. But early entry, which is so funny. But early entry, which is so funny. But Winnie the Poo is a very popular ride. Winnie the Poo is a very popular ride. Winnie the Poo is a very popular ride. The whole family can do it. literally The whole family can do it. literally The whole family can do it. literally the whole family from your little little the whole family from your little little the whole family from your little little baby all the way up to grandma, grandpa. baby all the way up to grandma, grandpa. baby all the way up to grandma, grandpa. Everybody can ride this one. So, tends Everybody can ride this one. So, tends Everybody can ride this one. So, tends to be very very popular. It's nostalgic. to be very very popular. It's nostalgic. to be very very popular. It's nostalgic. It's charming and it has a low capacity. It's charming and it has a low capacity. It's charming and it has a low capacity. So, long weights are pretty common with So, long weights are pretty common with So, long weights are pretty common with this one. I am however going to go look this one. I am however going to go look this one. I am however going to go look at it with my eyes because all the at it with my eyes because all the at it with my eyes because all the weights have been shorter than posted weights have been shorter than posted weights have been shorter than posted and we're still in that window where and we're still in that window where and we're still in that window where lightning rains aren't slowing down the lightning rains aren't slowing down the lightning rains aren't slowing down the lines too much. I think this is going to lines too much. I think this is going to lines too much. I think this is going to be shorter than 30. I think we continue be shorter than 30. I think we continue be shorter than 30. I think we continue our fantasy that our morning and we do our fantasy that our morning and we do our fantasy that our morning and we do the mini adventures of Lady Pooh because the mini adventures of Lady Pooh because the mini adventures of Lady Pooh because it looks to me like it could be shorter it looks to me like it could be shorter it looks to me like it could be shorter than 30, especially considering than 30, especially considering than 30, especially considering Lightning Lane is not in business yet. Lightning Lane is not in business yet. Lightning Lane is not in business yet. If it is 30, that'll be our longest wait If it is 30, that'll be our longest wait If it is 30, that'll be our longest wait of the morning and no big deal. of the morning and no big deal. of the morning and no big deal. &gt;&gt; It's 8:54 and we are in Magic Kingdom. &gt;&gt; It's 8:54 and we are in Magic Kingdom. &gt;&gt; It's 8:54 and we are in Magic Kingdom. It's official. I just checked the My It's official. I just checked the My It's official. I just checked the My Disney Experience app and the wait times Disney Experience app and the wait times Disney Experience app and the wait times are very they look great. Tron's only a are very they look great. Tron's only a are very they look great. Tron's only a we just start the day with Tron? Should we just start the day with Tron? Should we just start the day with Tron? Should we just start the day with Tron? I mean, we just start the day with Tron? I mean, we just start the day with Tron? I mean, we already started the day with Tonga we already started the day with Tonga we already started the day with Tonga toast. Let's follow it up with Tron, toast. Let's follow it up with Tron, toast. Let's follow it up with Tron, shall we? I think we shall. I'm not shall we? I think we shall. I'm not shall we? I think we shall. I'm not following my own tip and taking the following my own tip and taking the following my own tip and taking the Tomorrowland terrace route to Tomorrowland terrace route to Tomorrowland terrace route to Tomorrowland. I am going full vibes Tomorrowland. I am going full vibes Tomorrowland. I am going full vibes today. We are having the dramatic today. We are having the dramatic today. We are having the dramatic arrival across the Tomorrowland bridge. arrival across the Tomorrowland bridge. arrival across the Tomorrowland bridge. We're going official. We're going We're going official. We're going We're going official. We're going heavily themed. We're going drama. We heavily themed. We're going drama. We heavily themed. We're going drama. We are going vibes. I've got to say, I feel are going vibes. I've got to say, I feel are going vibes. I've got to say, I feel great. I feel full, but not too full. I great. I feel full, but not too full. I great. I feel full, but not too full. I feel satisfied by what I ate. I don't feel satisfied by what I ate. I don't feel satisfied by what I ate. I don't feel like I had to eat whatever some feel like I had to eat whatever some feel like I had to eat whatever some weird little little morsel, some weird little little morsel, some weird little little morsel, some prepackaged chip in order to get me prepackaged chip in order to get me prepackaged chip in order to get me through the morning. I had what I wanted through the morning. I had what I wanted through the morning. I had what I wanted and that makes a lot of difference. It and that makes a lot of difference. It and that makes a lot of difference. It starts the day off right for me. starts the day off right for me. starts the day off right for me. Honestly, Space Mountain has posted 5 Honestly, Space Mountain has posted 5 Honestly, Space Mountain has posted 5 minutes. We can literally use this to minutes. We can literally use this to minutes. We can literally use this to transport us from here to back to Tron transport us from here to back to Tron transport us from here to back to Tron or closer to Tron. Let's just get on or closer to Tron. Let's just get on or closer to Tron. Let's just get on Space Mountain while we're at it. Walk Space Mountain while we're at it. Walk Space Mountain while we're at it. Walk on on on &gt;&gt; to say we are having a very good &gt;&gt; to say we are having a very good &gt;&gt; to say we are having a very good morning. We have done three extremely morning. We have done three extremely morning. We have done three extremely popular rides in Fantasy Land all within popular rides in Fantasy Land all within popular rides in Fantasy Land all within about an hour of park opening which is about an hour of park opening which is about an hour of park opening which is incredible. The line for Seven Doors incredible. The line for Seven Doors incredible. The line for Seven Doors Mine Train is now outside of the ride Mine Train is now outside of the ride Mine Train is now outside of the ride queue. So it's starting to pick up a queue. So it's starting to pick up a queue. So it's starting to pick up a little bit but yeah that line was not 30 little bit but yeah that line was not 30 little bit but yeah that line was not 30 minutes as expected. It's always a good minutes as expected. It's always a good minutes as expected. It's always a good idea to take a glance with your eyes and idea to take a glance with your eyes and idea to take a glance with your eyes and especially early in the morning before especially early in the morning before especially early in the morning before those lightning lanes has started to those lightning lanes has started to those lightning lanes has started to become problematic for the standby become problematic for the standby become problematic for the standby lines. line might be a little bit lines. line might be a little bit lines. line might be a little bit shorter than they say. So, look with shorter than they say. So, look with shorter than they say. So, look with your eyes. I am actually gonna head over your eyes. I am actually gonna head over your eyes. I am actually gonna head over to Tron Life Cycle Run. It was up close to Tron Life Cycle Run. It was up close to Tron Life Cycle Run. It was up close to an hour about 30 minutes ago and it's to an hour about 30 minutes ago and it's to an hour about 30 minutes ago and it's dropped down to 25 minutes. Now, this is dropped down to 25 minutes. Now, this is dropped down to 25 minutes. Now, this is where I could go because a lot of folks where I could go because a lot of folks where I could go because a lot of folks might be seeing that and heading over might be seeing that and heading over might be seeing that and heading over there. But, I mean, anything below 40 is there. But, I mean, anything below 40 is there. But, I mean, anything below 40 is great for Chon. So, I figure worth the great for Chon. So, I figure worth the great for Chon. So, I figure worth the worth the effort. Little update to Magic worth the effort. Little update to Magic worth the effort. Little update to Magic Kingdom is that this used to be cool Kingdom is that this used to be cool Kingdom is that this used to be cool ship and they've changed it to Astro ship and they've changed it to Astro ship and they've changed it to Astro Fizz. Still kind of the same stuff. Fizz. Still kind of the same stuff. Fizz. Still kind of the same stuff. They've got slushies here now and They've got slushies here now and They've got slushies here now and popcorn. They didn't ask of it at Cool popcorn. They didn't ask of it at Cool popcorn. They didn't ask of it at Cool Ship, so you know, that's a plus. I Ship, so you know, that's a plus. I Ship, so you know, that's a plus. I should probably go straight to Tron, but should probably go straight to Tron, but should probably go straight to Tron, but I don't want to do any like backtracking I don't want to do any like backtracking I don't want to do any like backtracking today. And after Tron, I'm going to today. And after Tron, I'm going to today. And after Tron, I'm going to circle back into Fantasy Land. So, I circle back into Fantasy Land. So, I circle back into Fantasy Land. So, I think I might grab a 5minute wait for think I might grab a 5minute wait for think I might grab a 5minute wait for Space Mountain. Space Mountain, very Space Mountain. Space Mountain, very Space Mountain. Space Mountain, very popular ride, but not as accessible to popular ride, but not as accessible to popular ride, but not as accessible to everybody, which does mean that it everybody, which does mean that it everybody, which does mean that it typically takes a little bit longer than typically takes a little bit longer than typically takes a little bit longer than the other very popular rides to start to the other very popular rides to start to the other very popular rides to start to get long weights in the morning. I also get long weights in the morning. I also get long weights in the morning. I also will say this is not a bad choice for us will say this is not a bad choice for us will say this is not a bad choice for us attraction in Magic Kingdom on really attraction in Magic Kingdom on really attraction in Magic Kingdom on really busy days. If you can't book another busy days. If you can't book another busy days. If you can't book another tier one before like 10 11:00 a.m. then tier one before like 10 11:00 a.m. then tier one before like 10 11:00 a.m. then you can use usually get Space Mountain you can use usually get Space Mountain you can use usually get Space Mountain for the first hour of the park day with for the first hour of the park day with for the first hour of the park day with your lightning and use that as [music] your lightning and use that as [music] your lightning and use that as [music] your first ride which will then open up your first ride which will then open up your first ride which will then open up your day and your lightning lanes can be your day and your lightning lanes can be your day and your lightning lanes can be used for really high priority used for really high priority used for really high priority attractions. I have done that before and attractions. I have done that before and attractions. I have done that before and it gets face down and out of the way it gets face down and out of the way it gets face down and out of the way which can be a hard one to get a little which can be a hard one to get a little which can be a hard one to get a little later in the day. So, just an idea. I'm later in the day. So, just an idea. I'm later in the day. So, just an idea. I'm of course not using lightning because I of course not using lightning because I of course not using lightning because I don't feel that I need to. don't feel that I need to. don't feel that I need to. &gt;&gt; Space Mountain was definitely a walk-on &gt;&gt; Space Mountain was definitely a walk-on &gt;&gt; Space Mountain was definitely a walk-on and definitely a great [music] way to and definitely a great [music] way to and definitely a great [music] way to start the morning. Who needs coffee when start the morning. Who needs coffee when start the morning. Who needs coffee when you can just walk onto Space Mountain on you can just walk onto Space Mountain on you can just walk onto Space Mountain on your way to Tron? You exit into your way to Tron? You exit into your way to Tron? You exit into Tomorrowland Depot. This is a retail Tomorrowland Depot. This is a retail Tomorrowland Depot. This is a retail location where you can get Space location where you can get Space location where you can get Space Mountain and Tron merchandise. You can Mountain and Tron merchandise. You can Mountain and Tron merchandise. You can also get NASA and Star Wars merchandise. also get NASA and Star Wars merchandise. also get NASA and Star Wars merchandise. And now Toy Story. Wow. You can just get And now Toy Story. Wow. You can just get And now Toy Story. Wow. You can just get anything here. Forget theming. Listen, anything here. Forget theming. Listen, anything here. Forget theming. Listen, you got to sell stuff. But what you can you got to sell stuff. But what you can you got to sell stuff. But what you can do is just keep walking through the do is just keep walking through the do is just keep walking through the store and make your way straight to the store and make your way straight to the store and make your way straight to the Tron entrance. And now we'll see if it Tron entrance. And now we'll see if it Tron entrance. And now we'll see if it is still posted 40 minutes. I haven't is still posted 40 minutes. I haven't is still posted 40 minutes. I haven't checked the app. I literally just walked checked the app. I literally just walked checked the app. I literally just walked [music] off the ride. I'm still out of [music] off the ride. I'm still out of [music] off the ride. I'm still out of breath from how thrilling that was in breath from how thrilling that was in breath from how thrilling that was in the morning. It was perfect. Loved it. the morning. It was perfect. Loved it. the morning. It was perfect. Loved it. Starting with a bit of Tomorrowland Starting with a bit of Tomorrowland Starting with a bit of Tomorrowland history. [music] Space Mountain was not history. [music] Space Mountain was not history. [music] Space Mountain was not an opening day attraction. It opened 4 an opening day attraction. It opened 4 an opening day attraction. It opened 4 years after Magic Kingdom opened, but years after Magic Kingdom opened, but years after Magic Kingdom opened, but it's definitely part of the first decade it's definitely part of the first decade it's definitely part of the first decade of Magic Kingdom. And now we're gonna of Magic Kingdom. And now we're gonna of Magic Kingdom. And now we're gonna ride something part of this decade of ride something part of this decade of ride something part of this decade of Magic Kingdom. Tron, we are looking at Magic Kingdom. Tron, we are looking at Magic Kingdom. Tron, we are looking at something of a miracle. It's the 25 something of a miracle. It's the 25 something of a miracle. It's the 25 [music] minute posted wait time right [music] minute posted wait time right [music] minute posted wait time right now for Tron. Just walking right into now for Tron. Just walking right into now for Tron. Just walking right into the pre-show. the pre-show. the pre-show. &gt;&gt; That one is so herkyjerky, but like I &gt;&gt; That one is so herkyjerky, but like I &gt;&gt; That one is so herkyjerky, but like I just feel like I got shaken like I'm a just feel like I got shaken like I'm a just feel like I got shaken like I'm a cocktail or something. But you know, cocktail or something. But you know, cocktail or something. But you know, it's fun. So, we'll give it to it. I'm it's fun. So, we'll give it to it. I'm it's fun. So, we'll give it to it. I'm going to see if Tron is still looking going to see if Tron is still looking going to see if Tron is still looking okay. Or we might try. I wasn't okay. Or we might try. I wasn't okay. Or we might try. I wasn't expecting to try. That would be a really expecting to try. That would be a really expecting to try. That would be a really fun plus. I am getting hungry, but it's fun plus. I am getting hungry, but it's fun plus. I am getting hungry, but it's hard to pass on such like effective rope hard to pass on such like effective rope hard to pass on such like effective rope dropping. So, we're gonna keep doing dropping. So, we're gonna keep doing dropping. So, we're gonna keep doing some rides for a minute, but we're going some rides for a minute, but we're going some rides for a minute, but we're going to work our way towards a breakfast to work our way towards a breakfast to work our way towards a breakfast stop, which is a major part of my stop, which is a major part of my stop, which is a major part of my perfect morning and one that I deeply perfect morning and one that I deeply perfect morning and one that I deeply highly heavily recommend as a great highly heavily recommend as a great highly heavily recommend as a great breakfast for lunch. So, I'm going to breakfast for lunch. So, I'm going to breakfast for lunch. So, I'm going to make my way that way, but going to ride make my way that way, but going to ride make my way that way, but going to ride rides on the way there. All right. Has a rides on the way there. All right. Has a rides on the way there. All right. Has a fist being posted 35? I don't know. fist being posted 35? I don't know. fist being posted 35? I don't know. Everything's been so much shorter than Everything's been so much shorter than Everything's been so much shorter than posted. And as I said, even if it is 35, posted. And as I said, even if it is 35, posted. And as I said, even if it is 35, under 40 is great for Tron. So, I think under 40 is great for Tron. So, I think under 40 is great for Tron. So, I think I'm still going to go for it because I'm still going to go for it because I'm still going to go for it because that would be a really cool way to get a that would be a really cool way to get a that would be a really cool way to get a little extra fun in. Also, I definitely little extra fun in. Also, I definitely little extra fun in. Also, I definitely think this could be something that my think this could be something that my think this could be something that my competitors that I would not do because competitors that I would not do because competitors that I would not do because the Tron is not exactly [music] an easy the Tron is not exactly [music] an easy the Tron is not exactly [music] an easy ride to get on if you don't have hotel ride to get on if you don't have hotel ride to get on if you don't have hotel early entry. So, it would not surprise early entry. So, it would not surprise early entry. So, it would not surprise me at all if this is bonus points for me me at all if this is bonus points for me me at all if this is bonus points for me because someone bet that I wouldn't do because someone bet that I wouldn't do because someone bet that I wouldn't do it. But hopefully that's the case. This it. But hopefully that's the case. This it. But hopefully that's the case. This definitely looks like it could definitely looks like it could definitely looks like it could legitimately be 35 and I'm seeing a lot legitimately be 35 and I'm seeing a lot legitimately be 35 and I'm seeing a lot of back and forth in the cues. But I of back and forth in the cues. But I of back and forth in the cues. But I think I'm going to do it just in case. think I'm going to do it just in case. think I'm going to do it just in case. But if not, what a great way to put But if not, what a great way to put But if not, what a great way to put you're on. That'll take us to about half you're on. That'll take us to about half you're on. That'll take us to about half of our time and I will have ridden so of our time and I will have ridden so of our time and I will have ridden so many of the most popular rides in Magic many of the most popular rides in Magic many of the most popular rides in Magic Kingdom. Pretty much all of them except Kingdom. Pretty much all of them except Kingdom. Pretty much all of them except for Tiana's and Jungle Cruise. Does say for Tiana's and Jungle Cruise. Does say for Tiana's and Jungle Cruise. Does say changing my mind? Yeah, let's change our changing my mind? Yeah, let's change our changing my mind? Yeah, let's change our minds. This is okay, too. It is okay to minds. This is okay, too. It is okay to minds. This is okay, too. It is okay to decide that a way is too long [music] decide that a way is too long [music] decide that a way is too long [music] once you get to it. weight times change once you get to it. weight times change once you get to it. weight times change fast. And again, we're looking with our fast. And again, we're looking with our fast. And again, we're looking with our eyes that looks like it's 40. I even go eyes that looks like it's 40. I even go eyes that looks like it's 40. I even go up to 50. My [music] pro tip here is if up to 50. My [music] pro tip here is if up to 50. My [music] pro tip here is if you see a ride weight time fluctuating you see a ride weight time fluctuating you see a ride weight time fluctuating like that, where you see on the app, like that, where you see on the app, like that, where you see on the app, it's Toronto has been doing this all it's Toronto has been doing this all it's Toronto has been doing this all morning. If you see it going from 25 to morning. If you see it going from 25 to morning. If you see it going from 25 to to 40 and then down [music] to 30 and to 40 and then down [music] to 30 and to 40 and then down [music] to 30 and then up to 65. You want to actually go then up to 65. You want to actually go then up to 65. You want to actually go over there when it's one of the higher over there when it's one of the higher over there when it's one of the higher weight times because usually that means weight times because usually that means weight times because usually that means that folks are keeping an eye on it and that folks are keeping an eye on it and that folks are keeping an eye on it and going over when it's low weight times. going over when it's low weight times. going over when it's low weight times. which is why those rates are spiking and which is why those rates are spiking and which is why those rates are spiking and everyone's like, "Oh, maybe it'll go everyone's like, "Oh, maybe it'll go everyone's like, "Oh, maybe it'll go down again." So, they're not going as down again." So, they're not going as down again." So, they're not going as busy. So, if you go over there when it's busy. So, if you go over there when it's busy. So, if you go over there when it's [music] a happier camper because you'll [music] a happier camper because you'll [music] a happier camper because you'll end up being in those surprisingly low end up being in those surprisingly low end up being in those surprisingly low weights [music] for what's posted. But, weights [music] for what's posted. But, weights [music] for what's posted. But, we still got Space Mountain going over we still got Space Mountain going over we still got Space Mountain going over here, which was kind of good. So, I here, which was kind of good. So, I here, which was kind of good. So, I think actually going to end the think actually going to end the think actually going to end the storybook circus because I would like to storybook circus because I would like to storybook circus because I would like to do some character [music] meet and do some character [music] meet and do some character [music] meet and greets. I would love to meet like greets. I would love to meet like greets. I would love to meet like fourish characters in this morning fourish characters in this morning fourish characters in this morning because I think that that would be because I think that that would be because I think that that would be really cool. So, I'm going to do really cool. So, I'm going to do really cool. So, I'm going to do me breaking service circus. That could me breaking service circus. That could me breaking service circus. That could have been me. Maybe if I didn't ride have been me. Maybe if I didn't ride have been me. Maybe if I didn't ride safe mountain, but you know what? safe mountain, but you know what? safe mountain, but you know what? [snorts] [snorts] [snorts] &gt;&gt; Incredible. It's still the Tron Aries &gt;&gt; Incredible. It's still the Tron Aries &gt;&gt; Incredible. It's still the Tron Aries overlay, so it's that music by 9in overlay, so it's that music by 9in overlay, so it's that music by 9in Nails, which is very cool. It has the Nails, which is very cool. It has the Nails, which is very cool. It has the red overlay. I think the storytelling is red overlay. I think the storytelling is red overlay. I think the storytelling is better. I like the fact that there's a better. I like the fact that there's a better. I like the fact that there's a sort of mission control person telling sort of mission control person telling sort of mission control person telling you [music] what to do, keeping you you [music] what to do, keeping you you [music] what to do, keeping you focused. Ignore them. He yells yells focused. Ignore them. He yells yells focused. Ignore them. He yells yells that at one point. I like that. Made me that at one point. I like that. Made me that at one point. I like that. Made me feel excited. Speaking of feeling feel excited. Speaking of feeling feel excited. Speaking of feeling excited, it's still just the beginning excited, it's still just the beginning excited, it's still just the beginning of our day. We've already gotten two of our day. We've already gotten two of our day. We've already gotten two major attractions out of the way and an major attractions out of the way and an major attractions out of the way and an incredible breakfast. [music] I don't incredible breakfast. [music] I don't incredible breakfast. [music] I don't mean to beat a dead tonga toast, but mean to beat a dead tonga toast, but mean to beat a dead tonga toast, but starting the day with food you actually starting the day with food you actually starting the day with food you actually like and fills you up really sets you like and fills you up really sets you like and fills you up really sets you off on the right foot. And I've always off on the right foot. And I've always off on the right foot. And I've always kind of known that, but I didn't really kind of known that, but I didn't really kind of known that, but I didn't really believe it. But now this is like my believe it. But now this is like my believe it. But now this is like my identity is telling people this. So get identity is telling people this. So get identity is telling people this. So get ready, kids, cuz breakfast's important. ready, kids, cuz breakfast's important. ready, kids, cuz breakfast's important. What is it, the 50s? I just checked in What is it, the 50s? I just checked in What is it, the 50s? I just checked in with the My Disney Experience app. You with the My Disney Experience app. You with the My Disney Experience app. You know what is right here in Tomorrowland know what is right here in Tomorrowland know what is right here in Tomorrowland has a 5minute wait and [music] I haven't has a 5minute wait and [music] I haven't has a 5minute wait and [music] I haven't experienced since its recent experienced since its recent experienced since its recent refurbishment. Astro Orbiter not usually refurbishment. Astro Orbiter not usually refurbishment. Astro Orbiter not usually something that would be on my list, but something that would be on my list, but something that would be on my list, but [music] because today I'm set free in [music] because today I'm set free in [music] because today I'm set free in Magic Kingdom to do whatever I want, Magic Kingdom to do whatever I want, Magic Kingdom to do whatever I want, which is so I feel like crying. It's which is so I feel like crying. It's which is so I feel like crying. It's such a wild experience. Not that I'm such a wild experience. Not that I'm such a wild experience. Not that I'm forced [music] to do things I don't want forced [music] to do things I don't want forced [music] to do things I don't want to do here. It's just usually I have to do here. It's just usually I have to do here. It's just usually I have such an agenda that this is really such an agenda that this is really such an agenda that this is really magical. Let's ride Astro Orbiter. Let's magical. Let's ride Astro Orbiter. Let's magical. Let's ride Astro Orbiter. Let's experience the new newly refurbished experience the new newly refurbished experience the new newly refurbished ride and see what it looks like. See how ride and see what it looks like. See how ride and see what it looks like. See how it feels. That sounds really fun to me. it feels. That sounds really fun to me. it feels. That sounds really fun to me. Are you in? Let's do it. The posted Are you in? Let's do it. The posted Are you in? Let's do it. The posted weight out front over there is 15 weight out front over there is 15 weight out front over there is 15 minutes. Now, that just might have not minutes. Now, that just might have not minutes. Now, that just might have not changed back yet. This looks like a changed back yet. This looks like a changed back yet. This looks like a solid 5 minutes for Astro Orbiter. The solid 5 minutes for Astro Orbiter. The solid 5 minutes for Astro Orbiter. The big wait is for the elevators. And once big wait is for the elevators. And once big wait is for the elevators. And once we get up there, we do wait for one we get up there, we do wait for one we get up there, we do wait for one round of guests to go up and experience round of guests to go up and experience round of guests to go up and experience the ride while we wait patiently. So, the ride while we wait patiently. So, the ride while we wait patiently. So, should just be within the 5 10 minute should just be within the 5 10 minute should just be within the 5 10 minute range. Maybe 15. We'll see. range. Maybe 15. We'll see. range. Maybe 15. We'll see. &gt;&gt; All right. I took the path under Tron &gt;&gt; All right. I took the path under Tron &gt;&gt; All right. I took the path under Tron Life Run to cut over here to Storybook Life Run to cut over here to Storybook Life Run to cut over here to Storybook Circus. I think we're going to hop on Circus. I think we're going to hop on Circus. I think we're going to hop on Dumbo. I'd maybe like to go meet Gracie Dumbo. I'd maybe like to go meet Gracie Dumbo. I'd maybe like to go meet Gracie and Donald, which open in about 15 and Donald, which open in about 15 and Donald, which open in about 15 minutes. Maybe Dumbo will take us that minutes. Maybe Dumbo will take us that minutes. Maybe Dumbo will take us that long. It's a 5-minute wait, which is long. It's a 5-minute wait, which is long. It's a 5-minute wait, which is pretty much a walk-on, but kind of a pretty much a walk-on, but kind of a pretty much a walk-on, but kind of a slower to load ride. a slower capacity. slower to load ride. a slower capacity. slower to load ride. a slower capacity. So maybe the timing will work out. Try So maybe the timing will work out. Try So maybe the timing will work out. Try not to backtrack. Taking more steps is not to backtrack. Taking more steps is not to backtrack. Taking more steps is not part of my perfect morning. So not part of my perfect morning. So not part of my perfect morning. So trying to keep a keep from zigzagging. trying to keep a keep from zigzagging. trying to keep a keep from zigzagging. That flying elephant might not seem like That flying elephant might not seem like That flying elephant might not seem like I'm a side demand ride, but it actually I'm a side demand ride, but it actually I'm a side demand ride, but it actually is because it is so low capacity. It is because it is so low capacity. It is because it is so low capacity. It actually takes quite a while to get on actually takes quite a while to get on actually takes quite a while to get on it a lot of the time in the morning and it a lot of the time in the morning and it a lot of the time in the morning and it can get longer weights later in the it can get longer weights later in the it can get longer weights later in the day. But the cool thing about this ride day. But the cool thing about this ride day. But the cool thing about this ride literally is that there's a playground literally is that there's a playground literally is that there's a playground in the AC with benches for the parents. in the AC with benches for the parents. in the AC with benches for the parents. So even a longer wait for this one is So even a longer wait for this one is So even a longer wait for this one is not too bad because the littles can play not too bad because the littles can play not too bad because the littles can play on the playground. Mom and dad can take on the playground. Mom and dad can take on the playground. Mom and dad can take a seat and it can be a nice break. But a seat and it can be a nice break. But a seat and it can be a nice break. But it is a little lower classy ride. So it it is a little lower classy ride. So it it is a little lower classy ride. So it just takes a long time to move people just takes a long time to move people just takes a long time to move people through it. And it is like maybe the through it. And it is like maybe the through it. And it is like maybe the most iconic Disney World ride, the most iconic Disney World ride, the most iconic Disney World ride, the Certic Cup. So you got to ride it, you Certic Cup. So you got to ride it, you Certic Cup. So you got to ride it, you know. I don't know if you can see them, know. I don't know if you can see them, know. I don't know if you can see them, but all the characters I wanted to go but all the characters I wanted to go but all the characters I wanted to go meet, Minnie and Daisy, Donald Goofy, meet, Minnie and Daisy, Donald Goofy, meet, Minnie and Daisy, Donald Goofy, are standing at the [music] exit of are standing at the [music] exit of are standing at the [music] exit of Dumbo watching the Dumbo cars fly. Dumbo watching the Dumbo cars fly. Dumbo watching the Dumbo cars fly. That's so cool. They're riding. They're That's so cool. They're riding. They're That's so cool. They're riding. They're so cool. They're going to ride. so cool. They're going to ride. so cool. They're going to ride. &gt;&gt; This is my first time seeing them up &gt;&gt; This is my first time seeing them up &gt;&gt; This is my first time seeing them up close. Wow. close. Wow. close. Wow. &gt;&gt; It's been a while. &gt;&gt; It's been a while. &gt;&gt; It's been a while. &gt;&gt; We pull back on the control lever in &gt;&gt; We pull back on the control lever in &gt;&gt; We pull back on the control lever in front of you. To descend, just push the front of you. To descend, just push the front of you. To descend, just push the control lever forward. control lever forward. control lever forward. &gt;&gt; There we go. Beautiful. getting the up &gt;&gt; There we go. Beautiful. getting the up &gt;&gt; There we go. Beautiful. getting the up close look at the new paint job on all close look at the new paint job on all close look at the new paint job on all of the planets. Everything looks so of the planets. Everything looks so of the planets. Everything looks so good. Wow. Why do I love this so much good. Wow. Why do I love this so much good. Wow. Why do I love this so much right now? right now? right now? &gt;&gt; Okay, well that was awesome. Now I'm on &gt;&gt; Okay, well that was awesome. Now I'm on &gt;&gt; Okay, well that was awesome. Now I'm on Dumbo. Uh which is pretty cool. I can't Dumbo. Uh which is pretty cool. I can't Dumbo. Uh which is pretty cool. I can't believe all the characters just came out believe all the characters just came out believe all the characters just came out and wrote Dumbo. I wonder if they do and wrote Dumbo. I wonder if they do and wrote Dumbo. I wonder if they do that all the time. That meet and greet that all the time. That meet and greet that all the time. That meet and greet opens at 10:00 and they came and rode opens at 10:00 and they came and rode opens at 10:00 and they came and rode right at about like 9:55 like right right at about like 9:55 like right right at about like 9:55 like right before their meet and greet. Probably before their meet and greet. Probably before their meet and greet. Probably still cold and not on Dumbo. This is the still cold and not on Dumbo. This is the still cold and not on Dumbo. This is the best morning ever. Well, it was already best morning ever. Well, it was already best morning ever. Well, it was already in the plan to go meet those guys, but I in the plan to go meet those guys, but I in the plan to go meet those guys, but I think we definitely have to now. We got think we definitely have to now. We got think we definitely have to now. We got to ask them how their ride was on Dumbo. to ask them how their ride was on Dumbo. to ask them how their ride was on Dumbo. Mine was great. So, you know, I bet they Mine was great. So, you know, I bet they Mine was great. So, you know, I bet they had a good time, too. Well, they've had a good time, too. Well, they've had a good time, too. Well, they've already gotten quite the line out the already gotten quite the line out the already gotten quite the line out the door over here. Um, which makes sense. door over here. Um, which makes sense. door over here. Um, which makes sense. Uh, they did just walk through Storybook Uh, they did just walk through Storybook Uh, they did just walk through Storybook Circus leading people to their meet and Circus leading people to their meet and Circus leading people to their meet and greet after riding demo and getting a greet after riding demo and getting a greet after riding demo and getting a lot of kiddos seeing them. So, that I lot of kiddos seeing them. So, that I lot of kiddos seeing them. So, that I see that would happen. Oh, Pluto's over see that would happen. Oh, Pluto's over see that would happen. Oh, Pluto's over there. I'm in line to meet Goofy and there. I'm in line to meet Goofy and there. I'm in line to meet Goofy and Donald who are my favorites. Uh, Donald who are my favorites. Uh, Donald who are my favorites. Uh, typically the line for mini and Daisy is typically the line for mini and Daisy is typically the line for mini and Daisy is a little longer, so you don't have a a little longer, so you don't have a a little longer, so you don't have a kiddo who's picky about kiddo who's picky about kiddo who's picky about This is so cute. Okay, new pro tip. Go This is so cute. Okay, new pro tip. Go This is so cute. Okay, new pro tip. Go to meet and greets right when they open. to meet and greets right when they open. to meet and greets right when they open. There's like so much festivity happening There's like so much festivity happening There's like so much festivity happening with the characters. Oh, and look, with the characters. Oh, and look, with the characters. Oh, and look, Blue's right over there walking around Blue's right over there walking around Blue's right over there walking around the land. I loved this. the land. I loved this. the land. I loved this. &gt;&gt; It's not new for me to say that Astro &gt;&gt; It's not new for me to say that Astro &gt;&gt; It's not new for me to say that Astro Orbiter is surprisingly thrilling. In Orbiter is surprisingly thrilling. In Orbiter is surprisingly thrilling. In fact, some people are actually scared to fact, some people are actually scared to fact, some people are actually scared to ride it. People who are afraid of ride it. People who are afraid of ride it. People who are afraid of heights do not like being on a Dumbo heights do not like being on a Dumbo heights do not like being on a Dumbo style ride up in the air like that. This style ride up in the air like that. This style ride up in the air like that. This one has always had real centrifugal one has always had real centrifugal one has always had real centrifugal force, especially as you descend, but force, especially as you descend, but force, especially as you descend, but now it seems to be increased now it seems to be increased now it seems to be increased dramatically. I think there might have dramatically. I think there might have dramatically. I think there might have been more momentum gained during the been more momentum gained during the been more momentum gained during the refurbishment. They took apart the refurbishment. They took apart the refurbishment. They took apart the entire ride and took it off site and did entire ride and took it off site and did entire ride and took it off site and did things to it to refurbish it. And I things to it to refurbish it. And I things to it to refurbish it. And I believe since it's been reassembled up believe since it's been reassembled up believe since it's been reassembled up there, it is functioning in a very there, it is functioning in a very there, it is functioning in a very thrilling way. Very thrilling. I think thrilling way. Very thrilling. I think thrilling way. Very thrilling. I think it's still surprisingly thrilling it's still surprisingly thrilling it's still surprisingly thrilling compared to what you think it will be. compared to what you think it will be. compared to what you think it will be. That being said, I had a lot of fun. I That being said, I had a lot of fun. I That being said, I had a lot of fun. I checked the My Disney Experience app. checked the My Disney Experience app. checked the My Disney Experience app. Seven Horse Mind Train is posted at 40 Seven Horse Mind Train is posted at 40 Seven Horse Mind Train is posted at 40 minutes. That's excellent for that ride minutes. That's excellent for that ride minutes. That's excellent for that ride for this time of day, for any time of for this time of day, for any time of for this time of day, for any time of day. So, let's get an ACU and see if day. So, let's get an ACU and see if day. So, let's get an ACU and see if it's not even shorter than that. it's not even shorter than that. it's not even shorter than that. &gt;&gt; Wow, it dropped to 40. &gt;&gt; Wow, it dropped to 40. &gt;&gt; Wow, it dropped to 40. Five minutes less than posted. Five minutes less than posted. Five minutes less than posted. &gt;&gt; Hey, Goofy. Good morning. &gt;&gt; Hey, Goofy. Good morning. &gt;&gt; Hey, Goofy. Good morning. I saw you on Dumbo just now. I also rode I saw you on Dumbo just now. I also rode I saw you on Dumbo just now. I also rode Dumbo just now. Oh, hey. You have a good Dumbo just now. Oh, hey. You have a good Dumbo just now. Oh, hey. You have a good ride this morning? Yeah. Yeah, it's nice ride this morning? Yeah. Yeah, it's nice ride this morning? Yeah. Yeah, it's nice out there. Nice winter weather. Yeah. out there. Nice winter weather. Yeah. out there. Nice winter weather. Yeah. Well, did you do this? Well, did you do this? Well, did you do this? I don't think it was you. I don't see I don't think it was you. I don't see I don't think it was you. I don't see anything back there out of the ordinary. anything back there out of the ordinary. anything back there out of the ordinary. I think you were fine, probably. Yeah. I think you were fine, probably. Yeah. I think you were fine, probably. Yeah. You You're wearing a helmet. Exactly. You You're wearing a helmet. Exactly. You You're wearing a helmet. Exactly. And that's what matters. Can we take a And that's what matters. Can we take a And that's what matters. Can we take a picture? Goofy. Hi, Donald. How's it picture? Goofy. Hi, Donald. How's it picture? Goofy. Hi, Donald. How's it going? Oh my gosh. Good morning. I don't going? Oh my gosh. Good morning. I don't going? Oh my gosh. Good morning. I don't know. I went for the huggy and we went know. I went for the huggy and we went know. I went for the huggy and we went for the hand. You did you ride Dumbo for the hand. You did you ride Dumbo for the hand. You did you ride Dumbo just now? I did. Yeah. So did I. Yeah, just now? I did. Yeah. So did I. Yeah, just now? I did. Yeah. So did I. Yeah, you were flying. I saw you. It was you were flying. I saw you. It was you were flying. I saw you. It was pretty cool cuz you know you're my pretty cool cuz you know you're my pretty cool cuz you know you're my favorite and you're a natural at flying favorite and you're a natural at flying favorite and you're a natural at flying which makes sense cuz you know. But which makes sense cuz you know. But which makes sense cuz you know. But yeah, I've got all my friends in here. yeah, I've got all my friends in here. yeah, I've got all my friends in here. They're they're they live in here. They're they're they live in here. They're they're they live in here. They're very small but yeah. Yeah, They're very small but yeah. Yeah, They're very small but yeah. Yeah, they're little. they're little. they're little. Yeah, they like that. Yeah, they like that. Yeah, they like that. Cool. This is great. What a great go to Cool. This is great. What a great go to Cool. This is great. What a great go to Storybook Circus around 10:00 a.m. Storybook Circus around 10:00 a.m. Storybook Circus around 10:00 a.m. Things things can be pretty crazy here. Things things can be pretty crazy here. Things things can be pretty crazy here. Um I think now guess what time is it? Um I think now guess what time is it? Um I think now guess what time is it? I've been in Storybook Circus for about I've been in Storybook Circus for about I've been in Storybook Circus for about really only like 20 30 20ish minutes 25 really only like 20 30 20ish minutes 25 really only like 20 30 20ish minutes 25 minutes. That's crazy. Okay, this feels minutes. That's crazy. Okay, this feels minutes. That's crazy. Okay, this feels like a whirlwind. I think I'm going to like a whirlwind. I think I'm going to like a whirlwind. I think I'm going to hop on maybe Journey Under the Sea hop on maybe Journey Under the Sea hop on maybe Journey Under the Sea Journey of the Little Mermaid. Ooh, Journey of the Little Mermaid. Ooh, Journey of the Little Mermaid. Ooh, should I stop by a bakery case today? It should I stop by a bakery case today? It should I stop by a bakery case today? It wouldn't surprise me if that was a bet wouldn't surprise me if that was a bet wouldn't surprise me if that was a bet against me either because that's not against me either because that's not against me either because that's not something we commonly do. I love a something we commonly do. I love a something we commonly do. I love a bakery case, but I'm getting I'm getting bakery case, but I'm getting I'm getting bakery case, but I'm getting I'm getting a better breakfast than a bakery case. a better breakfast than a bakery case. a better breakfast than a bakery case. That's probably a later in the day That's probably a later in the day That's probably a later in the day activity and I'm on more duty. So, okay, activity and I'm on more duty. So, okay, activity and I'm on more duty. So, okay, headed into the sort of new Fantasy Land headed into the sort of new Fantasy Land headed into the sort of new Fantasy Land area. Uh, this is loosely themed to area. Uh, this is loosely themed to area. Uh, this is loosely themed to Little Mermaid, Beauty and the Beast. Little Mermaid, Beauty and the Beast. Little Mermaid, Beauty and the Beast. And Little Mermaid is our first area And Little Mermaid is our first area And Little Mermaid is our first area that we're entering here. This is home that we're entering here. This is home that we're entering here. This is home to book an Ariel meet and greet, which I to book an Ariel meet and greet, which I to book an Ariel meet and greet, which I might check the wait time on. Uh, this might check the wait time on. Uh, this might check the wait time on. Uh, this was my favorite when I was a kid and as was my favorite when I was a kid and as was my favorite when I was a kid and as a teenager. As a redhead, you're a teenager. As a redhead, you're a teenager. As a redhead, you're obligated for your favorite princess to obligated for your favorite princess to obligated for your favorite princess to be Ariel when you're little. It's They be Ariel when you're little. It's They be Ariel when you're little. It's They tell you that they call you into a tell you that they call you into a tell you that they call you into a meeting of redheads and they tell you meeting of redheads and they tell you meeting of redheads and they tell you you have to like Ariel the best. I think you have to like Ariel the best. I think you have to like Ariel the best. I think she might have a long line though. 25 she might have a long line though. 25 she might have a long line though. 25 was not terrible. I don't know. We just was not terrible. I don't know. We just was not terrible. I don't know. We just saw some characters. We might come back saw some characters. We might come back saw some characters. We might come back to it. But I think first, let's head on to it. But I think first, let's head on to it. But I think first, let's head on head on the ride. Maybe grab our head on the ride. Maybe grab our head on the ride. Maybe grab our breakfast because we are coming in close breakfast because we are coming in close breakfast because we are coming in close to our breakfast location. Yeah, posted to our breakfast location. Yeah, posted to our breakfast location. Yeah, posted five minute wait. That's what I like to five minute wait. That's what I like to five minute wait. That's what I like to see. Now, with this ride, you don't want see. Now, with this ride, you don't want see. Now, with this ride, you don't want to wait in too long of a line for it to wait in too long of a line for it to wait in too long of a line for it because it does tend to have short lines because it does tend to have short lines because it does tend to have short lines in the morning and the evening except on in the morning and the evening except on in the morning and the evening except on the busiest busiest busiest days of the the busiest busiest busiest days of the the busiest busiest busiest days of the year, it might get long pretty quickly. year, it might get long pretty quickly. year, it might get long pretty quickly. But usually, it drops um or takes a But usually, it drops um or takes a But usually, it drops um or takes a little bit to get up to being a long little bit to get up to being a long little bit to get up to being a long wait. So, if you ride it early, you wait. So, if you ride it early, you wait. So, if you ride it early, you won't have to wait a long time. But in won't have to wait a long time. But in won't have to wait a long time. But in the midday it can get up to 45 minutes the midday it can get up to 45 minutes the midday it can get up to 45 minutes an hour plus sometimes just cuz kiddos an hour plus sometimes just cuz kiddos an hour plus sometimes just cuz kiddos love Ariel. It's me. I'm kiddos. I love love Ariel. It's me. I'm kiddos. I love love Ariel. It's me. I'm kiddos. I love that mermaid. that mermaid. that mermaid. &gt;&gt; When I first got in line I was worried &gt;&gt; When I first got in line I was worried &gt;&gt; When I first got in line I was worried because of how far back the queue because of how far back the queue because of how far back the queue started. But we're moving very quickly started. But we're moving very quickly started. But we're moving very quickly and I was like how is this happening? and I was like how is this happening? and I was like how is this happening? What? They haven't increased capacity or What? They haven't increased capacity or What? They haven't increased capacity or anything. What I think is happening is anything. What I think is happening is anything. What I think is happening is that nobody bought a single pass today. that nobody bought a single pass today. that nobody bought a single pass today. So, we are having the experience of what So, we are having the experience of what So, we are having the experience of what it's actually like to live the old days it's actually like to live the old days it's actually like to live the old days and just get in Hugh for a ride and and just get in Hugh for a ride and and just get in Hugh for a ride and wait. And it's not that far away. wait. And it's not that far away. wait. And it's not that far away. [music] &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; It was a walk on for Little Mermaid. Got &gt;&gt; It was a walk on for Little Mermaid. Got &gt;&gt; It was a walk on for Little Mermaid. Got to see the story of the Little Mermaid. to see the story of the Little Mermaid. to see the story of the Little Mermaid. I'm glad I didn't do Ariel because it I'm glad I didn't do Ariel because it I'm glad I didn't do Ariel because it now says 30, which means it was probably now says 30, which means it was probably now says 30, which means it was probably glad I didn't go meet Ariel, even though glad I didn't go meet Ariel, even though glad I didn't go meet Ariel, even though I love her and I wish I could meet her I love her and I wish I could meet her I love her and I wish I could meet her right now. Now, I think it's breakfast right now. Now, I think it's breakfast right now. Now, I think it's breakfast time at last. It's 10:30, so we are uh time at last. It's 10:30, so we are uh time at last. It's 10:30, so we are uh perfect morning. Um, and I have to say perfect morning. Um, and I have to say perfect morning. Um, and I have to say I'm pretty happy with my performance so I'm pretty happy with my performance so I'm pretty happy with my performance so far. I might try to [music] catch the far. I might try to [music] catch the far. I might try to [music] catch the castle show because the morning's a castle show because the morning's a castle show because the morning's a great time to watch it because you do great time to watch it because you do great time to watch it because you do have to stand in direct sunlight to have to stand in direct sunlight to have to stand in direct sunlight to watch the castle show and uh it can get watch the castle show and uh it can get watch the castle show and uh it can get very very hot in the middle [music] of very very hot in the middle [music] of very very hot in the middle [music] of the day depending on the time of year. I the day depending on the time of year. I the day depending on the time of year. I might try to cast a castle show on Main might try to cast a castle show on Main might try to cast a castle show on Main Street uh towards towards the end of our Street uh towards towards the end of our Street uh towards towards the end of our morning. I don't know. I would love to morning. I don't know. I would love to morning. I don't know. I would love to do Haunted [music] Mansion, maybe do Haunted [music] Mansion, maybe do Haunted [music] Mansion, maybe pirates. I don't know. World of pirates. I don't know. World of pirates. I don't know. World of Possibilities. The whole Kingdom of Possibilities. The whole Kingdom of Possibilities. The whole Kingdom of Possibilities. Uh but the first Possibilities. Uh but the first Possibilities. Uh but the first possibility is eating one of my favorite possibility is eating one of my favorite possibility is eating one of my favorite things in all of Disney World. Magic things in all of Disney World. Magic things in all of Disney World. Magic Kingdom. Not the best for food. This is Kingdom. Not the best for food. This is Kingdom. Not the best for food. This is a strong [music] exception. I'm headed a strong [music] exception. I'm headed a strong [music] exception. I'm headed to Gaston's Tavern. And no, I am not to Gaston's Tavern. And no, I am not to Gaston's Tavern. And no, I am not getting the colossal cinnamon roll. getting the colossal cinnamon roll. getting the colossal cinnamon roll. Gaston's Tavern is of course a Beauty Gaston's Tavern is of course a Beauty Gaston's Tavern is of course a Beauty and the Beast themed restaurant. [music] and the Beast themed restaurant. [music] and the Beast themed restaurant. [music] They do not have mobile order, so They do not have mobile order, so They do not have mobile order, so usually a little bit of a line in here usually a little bit of a line in here usually a little bit of a line in here to get some food, but they have some to get some food, but they have some to get some food, but they have some delectable options. One savory, one delectable options. One savory, one delectable options. One savory, one sweet. I was thinking about getting sweet. I was thinking about getting sweet. I was thinking about getting both, but I don't know if I'm hungry both, but I don't know if I'm hungry both, but I don't know if I'm hungry enough yet. enough yet. enough yet. &gt;&gt; 30 minutes we waited to ride Seven &gt;&gt; 30 minutes we waited to ride Seven &gt;&gt; 30 minutes we waited to ride Seven Dwarfs My Friend Train. That's Dwarfs My Friend Train. That's Dwarfs My Friend Train. That's incredible. You know what I'm really in incredible. You know what I'm really in incredible. You know what I'm really in the mood for, and we're kind of close to the mood for, and we're kind of close to the mood for, and we're kind of close to it. Let's ride Haunted Mansion. The it. Let's ride Haunted Mansion. The it. Let's ride Haunted Mansion. The posted weight right now is 15 minutes. I posted weight right now is 15 minutes. I posted weight right now is 15 minutes. I have a feeling it's even less than that. have a feeling it's even less than that. have a feeling it's even less than that. Why do I have that feeling? Because Why do I have that feeling? Because Why do I have that feeling? Because pretty much everything else has been pretty much everything else has been pretty much everything else has been There does seem to be a bit of an There does seem to be a bit of an There does seem to be a bit of an accumulation out front, but the posted accumulation out front, but the posted accumulation out front, but the posted weight I see out front is still 15 weight I see out front is still 15 weight I see out front is still 15 minutes. All minutes. All minutes. All &gt;&gt; right, I'm outside because there was a &gt;&gt; right, I'm outside because there was a &gt;&gt; right, I'm outside because there was a table available. It was a four top and table available. It was a four top and table available. It was a four top and there were a lot of families in there so there were a lot of families in there so there were a lot of families in there so I want to make [music] sure they could I want to make [music] sure they could I want to make [music] sure they could sit. I have my cremele croissant is what sit. I have my cremele croissant is what sit. I have my cremele croissant is what I ended up going with. Here she is. Not I ended up going with. Here she is. Not I ended up going with. Here she is. Not the prettiest today. Sometimes it's the prettiest today. Sometimes it's the prettiest today. Sometimes it's pretty, sometimes it's not, but it pretty, sometimes it's not, but it pretty, sometimes it's not, but it always tastes delicious and I'm so always tastes delicious and I'm so always tastes delicious and I'm so excited cuz I love this so much. I'm not excited cuz I love this so much. I'm not excited cuz I love this so much. I'm not a sweet pastry sweet [music] breakfast a sweet pastry sweet [music] breakfast a sweet pastry sweet [music] breakfast person typically, but this is person typically, but this is person typically, but this is unbelievable. I do have a fork and unbelievable. I do have a fork and unbelievable. I do have a fork and knife, but I didn't get to the cream at knife, but I didn't get to the cream at knife, but I didn't get to the cream at all. It's actually like crispy [music] all. It's actually like crispy [music] all. It's actually like crispy [music] sugar like bruleeed on top and then sugar like bruleeed on top and then sugar like bruleeed on top and then there's vanilla custard in the middle. there's vanilla custard in the middle. there's vanilla custard in the middle. It's a little dry on the edges, but It's a little dry on the edges, but It's a little dry on the edges, but still buttery and flaky. I don't want to still buttery and flaky. I don't want to still buttery and flaky. I don't want to get to the custard. I can see it in get to the custard. I can see it in get to the custard. I can see it in there. Oh, the Brule sugar is so good. I there. Oh, the Brule sugar is so good. I there. Oh, the Brule sugar is so good. I haven't even had any custard yet. It's haven't even had any custard yet. It's haven't even had any custard yet. It's like vanilla bean custard. Like it has a like vanilla bean custard. Like it has a like vanilla bean custard. Like it has a little black specks in it, which is how little black specks in it, which is how little black specks in it, which is how you can tell a good vanilla bean ice you can tell a good vanilla bean ice you can tell a good vanilla bean ice cream. That's just so delicious. Sweet, cream. That's just so delicious. Sweet, cream. That's just so delicious. Sweet, creamy, crunchy, and flaky. This isn't creamy, crunchy, and flaky. This isn't creamy, crunchy, and flaky. This isn't even the best one I've had, and it's even the best one I've had, and it's even the best one I've had, and it's still better than a lot of stuff in still better than a lot of stuff in still better than a lot of stuff in Disney World on a good day. And we're Disney World on a good day. And we're Disney World on a good day. And we're eating breakfast around like 10:30, eating breakfast around like 10:30, eating breakfast around like 10:30, which is a great time to eat breakfast which is a great time to eat breakfast which is a great time to eat breakfast because it means that we'll be able to because it means that we'll be able to because it means that we'll be able to hold over until a little after hold over until a little after hold over until a little after lunchtime. That's part of why I was lunchtime. That's part of why I was lunchtime. That's part of why I was thinking about also getting the ham and thinking about also getting the ham and thinking about also getting the ham and graer sandwich because then I could do graer sandwich because then I could do graer sandwich because then I could do like a big brunch sort of by having this like a big brunch sort of by having this like a big brunch sort of by having this and the ham and graer sandwich. I'm just and the ham and graer sandwich. I'm just and the ham and graer sandwich. I'm just not hungry enough yet. But if I could not hungry enough yet. But if I could not hungry enough yet. But if I could have done that, that would have meant have done that, that would have meant have done that, that would have meant that I wouldn't need to eat again until that I wouldn't need to eat again until that I wouldn't need to eat again until like 2 or 3. There's the ideal. You want like 2 or 3. There's the ideal. You want like 2 or 3. There's the ideal. You want to eat at like weird times when you're to eat at like weird times when you're to eat at like weird times when you're in Disney World because the lines get in Disney World because the lines get in Disney World because the lines get long at those peak lunch times around long at those peak lunch times around long at those peak lunch times around like 12:00 and 1 and peak dinner around like 12:00 and 1 and peak dinner around like 12:00 and 1 and peak dinner around breakfast before they come. Breakfast is breakfast before they come. Breakfast is breakfast before they come. Breakfast is kind of like limited also. It ends kind of like limited also. It ends kind of like limited also. It ends around 10:30. This is available all day, around 10:30. This is available all day, around 10:30. This is available all day, but a lot of the breakfast starts end but a lot of the breakfast starts end but a lot of the breakfast starts end around 10:30. I recommend tearing this around 10:30. I recommend tearing this around 10:30. I recommend tearing this in half because there's a lot of cream in half because there's a lot of cream in half because there's a lot of cream in the middle and once it starts to like in the middle and once it starts to like in the middle and once it starts to like kind of spill out, you can dip the edges kind of spill out, you can dip the edges kind of spill out, you can dip the edges in it. I'm going to finish this and then in it. I'm going to finish this and then in it. I'm going to finish this and then maybe we go meet a princess. Not a maybe we go meet a princess. Not a maybe we go meet a princess. Not a different princess or two. If you want different princess or two. If you want different princess or two. If you want to see more options for a morning in to see more options for a morning in to see more options for a morning in Magic Kingdom, we have tons of videos Magic Kingdom, we have tons of videos Magic Kingdom, we have tons of videos where we spend the day here. Uh, one where we spend the day here. Uh, one where we spend the day here. Uh, one kind of recent one is we had a toddler kind of recent one is we had a toddler kind of recent one is we had a toddler plan our day, an actual toddler. Um, 2 plan our day, an actual toddler. Um, 2 plan our day, an actual toddler. Um, 2 and 1/ halfyear-old Sage's daughter and 1/ halfyear-old Sage's daughter and 1/ halfyear-old Sage's daughter planned our day and it was quite fun. planned our day and it was quite fun. planned our day and it was quite fun. Honestly, it was definitely more unique, Honestly, it was definitely more unique, Honestly, it was definitely more unique, but it was a fun day. We did do but it was a fun day. We did do but it was a fun day. We did do Enchanted Tales with Belle, which I Enchanted Tales with Belle, which I Enchanted Tales with Belle, which I actually really recommend. It's an actually really recommend. It's an actually really recommend. It's an incredible show/ meet and greet that's incredible show/ meet and greet that's incredible show/ meet and greet that's interactive for everyone, but especially interactive for everyone, but especially interactive for everyone, but especially kiddos. Um, if you got a princess loving kiddos. Um, if you got a princess loving kiddos. Um, if you got a princess loving kid, um, or a kid that loves to be the kid, um, or a kid that loves to be the kid, um, or a kid that loves to be the center of the attention spotlight, then center of the attention spotlight, then center of the attention spotlight, then you got to do enchantes with Belle. you got to do enchantes with Belle. you got to do enchantes with Belle. There's, uh, home videos of me when I There's, uh, home videos of me when I There's, uh, home videos of me when I was a kid where my dad would get out was a kid where my dad would get out was a kid where my dad would get out those like big camcorders with the those like big camcorders with the those like big camcorders with the screens you could flip around and I screens you could flip around and I screens you could flip around and I would I would stand in front of the would I would stand in front of the would I would stand in front of the camera and I would go, "Dad, see me. See camera and I would go, "Dad, see me. See camera and I would go, "Dad, see me. See me. Dad, see me." Until he flipped the me. Dad, see me." Until he flipped the me. Dad, see me." Until he flipped the window over so that I could stare at window over so that I could stare at window over so that I could stare at myself and the camera. And now this is myself and the camera. And now this is myself and the camera. And now this is my job. So, I guess some things never my job. So, I guess some things never my job. So, I guess some things never change. I don't do that anymore. I don't change. I don't do that anymore. I don't change. I don't do that anymore. I don't need to see myself, but it is funny. So, need to see myself, but it is funny. So, need to see myself, but it is funny. So, I think it would be fun now to swing by I think it would be fun now to swing by I think it would be fun now to swing by Princess Fairy Tale Hall. This is a Princess Fairy Tale Hall. This is a Princess Fairy Tale Hall. This is a two-sided meet and greet. There's one two-sided meet and greet. There's one two-sided meet and greet. There's one side that has Tiana and a visiting side that has Tiana and a visiting side that has Tiana and a visiting princess and one side that has princess and one side that has princess and one side that has Cinderella and a visiting princess. I'm Cinderella and a visiting princess. I'm Cinderella and a visiting princess. I'm just going to pick the side with the just going to pick the side with the just going to pick the side with the shorter line, which is the Tiana side. shorter line, which is the Tiana side. shorter line, which is the Tiana side. Now, something I'll say is that this Now, something I'll say is that this Now, something I'll say is that this line tends to be quite inaccurate the line tends to be quite inaccurate the line tends to be quite inaccurate the wait time for it. So, this is definitely wait time for it. So, this is definitely wait time for it. So, this is definitely one I would say look with your eyes one I would say look with your eyes one I would say look with your eyes because you never know really with this because you never know really with this because you never know really with this one if it's much longer or much shorter. one if it's much longer or much shorter. one if it's much longer or much shorter. If you see it outside, it's long. If you see it outside, it's long. If you see it outside, it's long. Probably 40ish minutes, maybe an hour. Probably 40ish minutes, maybe an hour. Probably 40ish minutes, maybe an hour. Um I think like I think the other side Um I think like I think the other side Um I think like I think the other side is shorter than posted, but I'll confirm is shorter than posted, but I'll confirm is shorter than posted, but I'll confirm in a second. Yeah. So once you get in a second. Yeah. So once you get in a second. Yeah. So once you get inside, if you if you're in these turn inside, if you if you're in these turn inside, if you if you're in these turn styles, you're looking at maybe like 25 styles, you're looking at maybe like 25 styles, you're looking at maybe like 25 next room, you're looking at typically next room, you're looking at typically next room, you're looking at typically like 10 minutes or shorter. So the other like 10 minutes or shorter. So the other like 10 minutes or shorter. So the other line, as you can see, is inaccurate line, as you can see, is inaccurate line, as you can see, is inaccurate because it's empty. So, you really do because it's empty. So, you really do because it's empty. So, you really do have to look at this home with your have to look at this home with your have to look at this home with your eyes. And I'm like, maybe I'd go around eyes. And I'm like, maybe I'd go around eyes. And I'm like, maybe I'd go around and meet Cinderella, but we're we'll be and meet Cinderella, but we're we'll be and meet Cinderella, but we're we'll be taken into this side soon anyway. So, taken into this side soon anyway. So, taken into this side soon anyway. So, it's uh really no line in here for it's uh really no line in here for it's uh really no line in here for either. Maybe I'll do both. You won't either. Maybe I'll do both. You won't either. Maybe I'll do both. You won't believe our luck. Ariel came over here. believe our luck. Ariel came over here. believe our luck. Ariel came over here. She of course got her daddy over some She of course got her daddy over some She of course got her daddy over some feet and then came over here to come feet and then came over here to come feet and then came over here to come meet us here. So, Ariel's our visiting meet us here. So, Ariel's our visiting meet us here. So, Ariel's our visiting princess. The visiting princess is princess. The visiting princess is princess. The visiting princess is always a surprise. They will not tell always a surprise. They will not tell always a surprise. They will not tell you who it is. Um but it can be. We you who it is. Um but it can be. We you who it is. Um but it can be. We might see Princess Elena or Snow White might see Princess Elena or Snow White might see Princess Elena or Snow White or Mulan or Ariel. You just never know. or Mulan or Ariel. You just never know. or Mulan or Ariel. You just never know. Tiana and Cinderella always here on Tiana and Cinderella always here on Tiana and Cinderella always here on either side. Hi, Tiana. I'm good. How either side. Hi, Tiana. I'm good. How either side. Hi, Tiana. I'm good. How are you? are you? are you? &gt;&gt; Oh, thanks. &gt;&gt; Oh, thanks. &gt;&gt; Oh, thanks. &gt;&gt; Looks like they're moving to the own &gt;&gt; Looks like they're moving to the own &gt;&gt; Looks like they're moving to the own beautiful drugs here. beautiful drugs here. beautiful drugs here. &gt;&gt; Oh, absolutely. Yeah, always. &gt;&gt; Oh, absolutely. Yeah, always. &gt;&gt; Oh, absolutely. Yeah, always. &gt;&gt; What are you celebrating besides the &gt;&gt; What are you celebrating besides the &gt;&gt; What are you celebrating besides the holidays? Special. holidays? Special. holidays? Special. &gt;&gt; Uh my friend and I are seeing who can &gt;&gt; Uh my friend and I are seeing who can &gt;&gt; Uh my friend and I are seeing who can have the better morning today. have the better morning today. have the better morning today. &gt;&gt; Really? So two having separate &gt;&gt; Really? So two having separate &gt;&gt; Really? So two having separate &gt;&gt; We're having separate mornings and we're &gt;&gt; We're having separate mornings and we're &gt;&gt; We're having separate mornings and we're seeing who can who's going to have a seeing who can who's going to have a seeing who can who's going to have a better morning. Mine's been pretty better morning. Mine's been pretty better morning. Mine's been pretty perfect. So yes. perfect. So yes. perfect. So yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Are you starting it in different like &gt;&gt; Are you starting it in different like &gt;&gt; Are you starting it in different like &gt;&gt; We're both here in in Magic Kingdom and &gt;&gt; We're both here in in Magic Kingdom and &gt;&gt; We're both here in in Magic Kingdom and we've just been doing our own thing to we've just been doing our own thing to we've just been doing our own thing to see. see. see. &gt;&gt; So interesting. &gt;&gt; So interesting. &gt;&gt; So interesting. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I got to see um Minnie and Daisy &gt;&gt; Yeah. I got to see um Minnie and Daisy &gt;&gt; Yeah. I got to see um Minnie and Daisy and them riding Dumbo earlier. So, I've and them riding Dumbo earlier. So, I've and them riding Dumbo earlier. So, I've had a very cool morning. It was pretty had a very cool morning. It was pretty had a very cool morning. It was pretty fun. fun. fun. &gt;&gt; I must say, you have mermaid hair. Just &gt;&gt; I must say, you have mermaid hair. Just &gt;&gt; I must say, you have mermaid hair. Just &gt;&gt; I do. I do. You &gt;&gt; I do. I do. You &gt;&gt; I do. I do. You &gt;&gt; use your jingle hopper. &gt;&gt; use your jingle hopper. &gt;&gt; use your jingle hopper. &gt;&gt; Of course. How else do you get the &gt;&gt; Of course. How else do you get the &gt;&gt; Of course. How else do you get the tangles out tangles out tangles out &gt;&gt; every single day? Yes. &gt;&gt; every single day? Yes. &gt;&gt; every single day? Yes. &gt;&gt; Just like Scuttle. He's always the best &gt;&gt; Just like Scuttle. He's always the best &gt;&gt; Just like Scuttle. He's always the best when it comes to knowing stuff. You must when it comes to knowing stuff. You must when it comes to knowing stuff. You must ask him about all the treasures he find ask him about all the treasures he find ask him about all the treasures he find too. too. too. &gt;&gt; Oh, I will. I know. &gt;&gt; Oh, I will. I know. &gt;&gt; Oh, I will. I know. &gt;&gt; Gadget took his most time. &gt;&gt; Gadget took his most time. &gt;&gt; Gadget took his most time. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. &gt;&gt; Silly. &gt;&gt; Silly. &gt;&gt; Silly. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's a silly guy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's a silly guy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's a silly guy. &gt;&gt; He's going to be a clown fish like &gt;&gt; He's going to be a clown fish like &gt;&gt; He's going to be a clown fish like [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] &gt;&gt; he's just a bit of a guy. Guys, &gt;&gt; he's just a bit of a guy. Guys, &gt;&gt; he's just a bit of a guy. Guys, &gt;&gt; hello sweet. &gt;&gt; hello sweet. &gt;&gt; hello sweet. &gt;&gt; Okay, awesome. I am going to go and meet &gt;&gt; Okay, awesome. I am going to go and meet &gt;&gt; Okay, awesome. I am going to go and meet the others because the lion's a walk on. the others because the lion's a walk on. the others because the lion's a walk on. Why wouldn't I? And I got to meet Ariel. Why wouldn't I? And I got to meet Ariel. Why wouldn't I? And I got to meet Ariel. I want to see who the other visiting I want to see who the other visiting I want to see who the other visiting princess is. It's like a fun game. Um, princess is. It's like a fun game. Um, princess is. It's like a fun game. Um, and also, what time is it? 10:53. Okay, and also, what time is it? 10:53. Okay, and also, what time is it? 10:53. Okay, we're about to be in our final hour. And we're about to be in our final hour. And we're about to be in our final hour. And I've met So, okay, so I will have met I've met So, okay, so I will have met I've met So, okay, so I will have met four characters, which I wanted to do. four characters, which I wanted to do. four characters, which I wanted to do. Two princesses, uh, Goofy and Donald. Two princesses, uh, Goofy and Donald. Two princesses, uh, Goofy and Donald. Oh, sorry. Oh, I will have met six Oh, sorry. Oh, I will have met six Oh, sorry. Oh, I will have met six princesses. So, I'm going to go meet princesses. So, I'm going to go meet princesses. So, I'm going to go meet them over here, too. This day is going them over here, too. This day is going them over here, too. This day is going so well. I really want to ride Haunted so well. I really want to ride Haunted so well. I really want to ride Haunted Mansion. That's how I must do. Um, as Mansion. That's how I must do. Um, as Mansion. That's how I must do. Um, as long as it doesn't go down. How do you long as it doesn't go down. How do you long as it doesn't go down. How do you get in here? Am I lost? Cinderella, get in here? Am I lost? Cinderella, get in here? Am I lost? Cinderella, another favorite of mine. She actually another favorite of mine. She actually another favorite of mine. She actually might have been my first favorite. And might have been my first favorite. And might have been my first favorite. And then Ariel when I got a little bit older then Ariel when I got a little bit older then Ariel when I got a little bit older as a kid. My one of my first like as a kid. My one of my first like as a kid. My one of my first like costumes for Halloween that I picked was costumes for Halloween that I picked was costumes for Halloween that I picked was Cinderella. And look, now the line on Cinderella. And look, now the line on Cinderella. And look, now the line on this side is long. See, it just doesn't this side is long. See, it just doesn't this side is long. See, it just doesn't make any There's no uh rhyme or reason. make any There's no uh rhyme or reason. make any There's no uh rhyme or reason. You just got to come look if you want to You just got to come look if you want to You just got to come look if you want to meet these princesses. You can always meet these princesses. You can always meet these princesses. You can always turn around and walk back out of the turn around and walk back out of the turn around and walk back out of the line if it looks really long. I talk line if it looks really long. I talk line if it looks really long. I talk about this a lot on this channel, but I about this a lot on this channel, but I about this a lot on this channel, but I love being in characters. Um, even as an love being in characters. Um, even as an love being in characters. Um, even as an adult because it does make you feel like adult because it does make you feel like adult because it does make you feel like a little kid again. It can feel a little a little kid again. It can feel a little a little kid again. It can feel a little awkward and it can feel a little silly. awkward and it can feel a little silly. awkward and it can feel a little silly. And a lot of people say that it's silly And a lot of people say that it's silly And a lot of people say that it's silly and awkward to do. And I think most and awkward to do. And I think most and awkward to do. And I think most people are wrong. And I love meeting people are wrong. And I love meeting people are wrong. And I love meeting princesses. It makes you feel like a princesses. It makes you feel like a princesses. It makes you feel like a little kid. And that's what Disney World little kid. And that's what Disney World little kid. And that's what Disney World is about. Is about connecting with your is about. Is about connecting with your is about. Is about connecting with your inner child and playing no matter what inner child and playing no matter what inner child and playing no matter what age you are. Um, and making memories and age you are. Um, and making memories and age you are. Um, and making memories and spending time with the people you care spending time with the people you care spending time with the people you care about. So, if you're doing that, you do about. So, if you're doing that, you do about. So, if you're doing that, you do whatever you want and you have a good whatever you want and you have a good whatever you want and you have a good time doing it. Mulan is one of my time doing it. Mulan is one of my time doing it. Mulan is one of my current favorite princesses. [music] So, current favorite princesses. [music] So, current favorite princesses. [music] So, that would be insane if Mulan's here, that would be insane if Mulan's here, that would be insane if Mulan's here, but that is not always the case. She but that is not always the case. She but that is not always the case. She often meets at the front of the park, often meets at the front of the park, often meets at the front of the park, though, so I don't know. Maybe we could though, so I don't know. Maybe we could though, so I don't know. Maybe we could also go meet Mulan. I'm just like, I've also go meet Mulan. I'm just like, I've also go meet Mulan. I'm just like, I've turned this into a character's warning. turned this into a character's warning. turned this into a character's warning. That's actually not true. A ton of That's actually not true. A ton of That's actually not true. A ton of rides. Hello, Cinderella. rides. Hello, Cinderella. rides. Hello, Cinderella. &gt;&gt; We'll have to tell Gus and Jack to keep &gt;&gt; We'll have to tell Gus and Jack to keep &gt;&gt; We'll have to tell Gus and Jack to keep an eye out for you today. Out and about an eye out for you today. Out and about an eye out for you today. Out and about the kingdom. the kingdom. the kingdom. &gt;&gt; Oh, are they piece of cheese? &gt;&gt; Oh, are they piece of cheese? &gt;&gt; Oh, are they piece of cheese? &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. That sounds like quite the &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. That sounds like quite the &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. That sounds like quite the quite the challenge. and Jack are very quite the challenge. and Jack are very quite the challenge. and Jack are very excited about it. [laughter] Are excited about it. [laughter] Are excited about it. [laughter] Are searching so they can share it with all searching so they can share it with all searching so they can share it with all the other mice. the other mice. the other mice. &gt;&gt; Oh, well that's nice of them to want to &gt;&gt; Oh, well that's nice of them to want to &gt;&gt; Oh, well that's nice of them to want to share. share. share. &gt;&gt; Do you think they'll have any luck? &gt;&gt; Do you think they'll have any luck? &gt;&gt; Do you think they'll have any luck? &gt;&gt; Oh, I think so. When Gus puts his mind &gt;&gt; Oh, I think so. When Gus puts his mind &gt;&gt; Oh, I think so. When Gus puts his mind to something, I'd usually successful. to something, I'd usually successful. to something, I'd usually successful. &gt;&gt; Oh, amazing. I was hoping we could get a &gt;&gt; Oh, amazing. I was hoping we could get a &gt;&gt; Oh, amazing. I was hoping we could get a photo together. photo together. photo together. &gt;&gt; Tell us now to see. &gt;&gt; Tell us now to see. &gt;&gt; Tell us now to see. &gt;&gt; It's lovely to see you, too. You having &gt;&gt; It's lovely to see you, too. You having &gt;&gt; It's lovely to see you, too. You having a wonderful morning? a wonderful morning? a wonderful morning? &gt;&gt; Lights, of course. &gt;&gt; Lights, of course. &gt;&gt; Lights, of course. &gt;&gt; Okay, good. &gt;&gt; Okay, good. &gt;&gt; Okay, good. &gt;&gt; My checked up on the seven horse. &gt;&gt; My checked up on the seven horse. &gt;&gt; My checked up on the seven horse. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; Two of them were on their best behavior. &gt;&gt; Two of them were on their best behavior. &gt;&gt; Two of them were on their best behavior. &gt;&gt; Were they? &gt;&gt; Were they? &gt;&gt; Were they? &gt;&gt; Why? Some of them were wisely was still &gt;&gt; Why? Some of them were wisely was still &gt;&gt; Why? Some of them were wisely was still taking a few extra naps. taking a few extra naps. taking a few extra naps. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; Nature. The other dwarf's [music] &gt;&gt; Nature. The other dwarf's [music] &gt;&gt; Nature. The other dwarf's [music] nature. He didn't snore too. nature. He didn't snore too. nature. He didn't snore too. &gt;&gt; That's good. &gt;&gt; That's good. &gt;&gt; That's good. &gt;&gt; Three of our new friends coming to visit &gt;&gt; Three of our new friends coming to visit &gt;&gt; Three of our new friends coming to visit Katana today having to listen to Katana today having to listen to Katana today having to listen to &gt;&gt; a lot of snoring. &gt;&gt; a lot of snoring. &gt;&gt; a lot of snoring. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Yes. I did visit the diamond mine this &gt;&gt; Yes. I did visit the diamond mine this &gt;&gt; Yes. I did visit the diamond mine this morning and I didn't notice him snoring. morning and I didn't notice him snoring. morning and I didn't notice him snoring. So, I think they're doing a good job. So, I think they're doing a good job. So, I think they're doing a good job. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Haunted Mansion was extra spooky &gt;&gt; Yeah. Haunted Mansion was extra spooky &gt;&gt; Yeah. Haunted Mansion was extra spooky today because it kept stopping and we today because it kept stopping and we today because it kept stopping and we were sitting in front of scenes for a were sitting in front of scenes for a were sitting in front of scenes for a while. That being said, we got off the while. That being said, we got off the while. That being said, we got off the ride a little bit later than I was ride a little bit later than I was ride a little bit later than I was anticipating and now we've only got anticipating and now we've only got anticipating and now we've only got about 30 minutes until our experience is about 30 minutes until our experience is about 30 minutes until our experience is over for the morning in Magic Kingdom. over for the morning in Magic Kingdom. over for the morning in Magic Kingdom. So, I looked it up right now. It's So, I looked it up right now. It's So, I looked it up right now. It's Tiana's Bayou Adventure posted 35. I am Tiana's Bayou Adventure posted 35. I am Tiana's Bayou Adventure posted 35. I am going to hope, wish, and dream for that going to hope, wish, and dream for that going to hope, wish, and dream for that to go faster, putting us under our 4hour to go faster, putting us under our 4hour to go faster, putting us under our 4hour [music] limit and making it count for [music] limit and making it count for [music] limit and making it count for our magical day, which has been very our magical day, which has been very our magical day, which has been very magical. I feel like Tiana's Bayou magical. I feel like Tiana's Bayou magical. I feel like Tiana's Bayou Adventure is a great way to end it. It's Adventure is a great way to end it. It's Adventure is a great way to end it. It's gotten warm enough that if I get wet, I gotten warm enough that if I get wet, I gotten warm enough that if I get wet, I don't care. And say Lavi, let's go on don't care. And say Lavi, let's go on don't care. And say Lavi, let's go on down the bayou. A great reason to ride down the bayou. A great reason to ride down the bayou. A great reason to ride Tiana's Bayou Adventure right now, other Tiana's Bayou Adventure right now, other Tiana's Bayou Adventure right now, other than the fact that it's a great ride, is than the fact that it's a great ride, is than the fact that it's a great ride, is the fact that you have that drop that the fact that you have that drop that the fact that you have that drop that allows you to look over the construction allows you to look over the construction allows you to look over the construction [music] [music] [music] in what used to be Tom Sawyer Island. I in what used to be Tom Sawyer Island. I in what used to be Tom Sawyer Island. I say what used to be Tom Sawyer Island say what used to be Tom Sawyer Island say what used to be Tom Sawyer Island cuz I saw over it the other day and it's cuz I saw over it the other day and it's cuz I saw over it the other day and it's gone. gone. gone. &gt;&gt; The land that we knew or the area, the &gt;&gt; The land that we knew or the area, the &gt;&gt; The land that we knew or the area, the island we knew as Tom Sawyer is island we knew as Tom Sawyer is island we knew as Tom Sawyer is officially fully removed, which is hard officially fully removed, which is hard officially fully removed, which is hard to believe, but I did see it. That was to believe, but I did see it. That was to believe, but I did see it. That was awesome. Okay. Um, and I think Okay, so awesome. Okay. Um, and I think Okay, so awesome. Okay. Um, and I think Okay, so I don't recommend shopping in the I don't recommend shopping in the I don't recommend shopping in the morning because odds are you're going to morning because odds are you're going to morning because odds are you're going to find yourself carrying whatever you find yourself carrying whatever you find yourself carrying whatever you bought around all day, but I do bought around all day, but I do bought around all day, but I do recommend window shopping because a lot recommend window shopping because a lot recommend window shopping because a lot of times a little later in the day, the of times a little later in the day, the of times a little later in the day, the shops get a little more crowded. So, if shops get a little more crowded. So, if shops get a little more crowded. So, if you go ahead and start looking around you go ahead and start looking around you go ahead and start looking around and getting an idea of what you might and getting an idea of what you might and getting an idea of what you might want to pick up later, then that is a want to pick up later, then that is a want to pick up later, then that is a great thing to do in the morning. That great thing to do in the morning. That great thing to do in the morning. That is what I'm going to do. I'm going to is what I'm going to do. I'm going to is what I'm going to do. I'm going to decide what I would get. The Olaf. Is decide what I would get. The Olaf. Is decide what I would get. The Olaf. Is this a Oh, wait. He's a little park pal. this a Oh, wait. He's a little park pal. this a Oh, wait. He's a little park pal. They have magnets in their hands so you They have magnets in their hands so you They have magnets in their hands so you can clip them on to like your bag straps can clip them on to like your bag straps can clip them on to like your bag straps and stuff and they can hang out in the and stuff and they can hang out in the and stuff and they can hang out in the parks with you. Those are cute. I love parks with you. Those are cute. I love parks with you. Those are cute. I love Frozen. So we're in Sir Mickey's Frozen. So we're in Sir Mickey's Frozen. So we're in Sir Mickey's currently the vibe in Sir Mickey's is currently the vibe in Sir Mickey's is currently the vibe in Sir Mickey's is primarily princess merch mostly geared primarily princess merch mostly geared primarily princess merch mostly geared towards kiddos. What if I bought a sword towards kiddos. What if I bought a sword towards kiddos. What if I bought a sword later? That could be cool. Honestly, I later? That could be cool. Honestly, I later? That could be cool. Honestly, I love costume jewelry. I should start love costume jewelry. I should start love costume jewelry. I should start wearing just like princess costume wearing just like princess costume wearing just like princess costume jewelry part. We got the pretty dolls jewelry part. We got the pretty dolls jewelry part. We got the pretty dolls over there. I had Jasmine when I was a over there. I had Jasmine when I was a over there. I had Jasmine when I was a kid in those dolls. This is so funny. kid in those dolls. This is so funny. kid in those dolls. This is so funny. It's made of foam. I hate the way foam It's made of foam. I hate the way foam It's made of foam. I hate the way foam feels. Oh, actually, let's go look over feels. Oh, actually, let's go look over feels. Oh, actually, let's go look over here. This has pins. I love the crowns. here. This has pins. I love the crowns. here. This has pins. I love the crowns. Little jewelry. H, I wanted these. These Little jewelry. H, I wanted these. These Little jewelry. H, I wanted these. These little Aurora crown studs in silver and little Aurora crown studs in silver and little Aurora crown studs in silver and gold. I especially like this Lucifer and gold. I especially like this Lucifer and gold. I especially like this Lucifer and Jack Jack and Gusgus pin, which is Jack Jack and Gusgus pin, which is Jack Jack and Gusgus pin, which is perfect because Cinderella just told me perfect because Cinderella just told me perfect because Cinderella just told me to keep an eye out for them. Okay, so my to keep an eye out for them. Okay, so my to keep an eye out for them. Okay, so my hope now is that we catch a mini parade. hope now is that we catch a mini parade. hope now is that we catch a mini parade. So the main parade of Magic Kingdom does So the main parade of Magic Kingdom does So the main parade of Magic Kingdom does happen in the afternoon, but there is a happen in the afternoon, but there is a happen in the afternoon, but there is a cavalcade which cavalcades they kind of cavalcade which cavalcades they kind of cavalcade which cavalcades they kind of introduced during co when the full introduced during co when the full introduced during co when the full parades weren't happening and the only parades weren't happening and the only parades weren't happening and the only remaining cavalcade is coming right now remaining cavalcade is coming right now remaining cavalcade is coming right now which is why they are directing us out which is why they are directing us out which is why they are directing us out of the walkway. And it is a favorite of of the walkway. And it is a favorite of of the walkway. And it is a favorite of mine because it does have Miguel from mine because it does have Miguel from mine because it does have Miguel from Coco which is one of my favorite movies Coco which is one of my favorite movies Coco which is one of my favorite movies of all time in it. So I definitely of all time in it. So I definitely of all time in it. So I definitely recommend seeing this. It's the recommend seeing this. It's the recommend seeing this. It's the Adventure Friends Cavalcade, and it Adventure Friends Cavalcade, and it Adventure Friends Cavalcade, and it typically only happens right at 11:00 typically only happens right at 11:00 typically only happens right at 11:00 a.m. So, the only time you can see it is a.m. So, the only time you can see it is a.m. So, the only time you can see it is if you're having a Magic Kingdom if you're having a Magic Kingdom if you're having a Magic Kingdom morning, which means we definitely have morning, which means we definitely have morning, which means we definitely have to include it in part of our perfect to include it in part of our perfect to include it in part of our perfect Magic Kingdom morning. It's coming Magic Kingdom morning. It's coming Magic Kingdom morning. It's coming around right now. I can hear it. Yeah. around right now. I can hear it. Yeah. around right now. I can hear it. Yeah. It's also uh this one people don't It's also uh this one people don't It's also uh this one people don't really camp out for, so it's pretty easy really camp out for, so it's pretty easy really camp out for, so it's pretty easy to walk up uh [music] and catch it right to walk up uh [music] and catch it right to walk up uh [music] and catch it right on the parade route. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Very fun. Very mini parade. It's only &gt;&gt; Very fun. Very mini parade. It's only &gt;&gt; Very fun. Very mini parade. It's only two floats and then lots of characters two floats and then lots of characters two floats and then lots of characters on the ground. You can see a lot of on the ground. You can see a lot of on the ground. You can see a lot of characters all at once. I really characters all at once. I really characters all at once. I really recommend doing it. Now I'm walking recommend doing it. Now I'm walking recommend doing it. Now I'm walking behind it. We're going to cut out of behind it. We're going to cut out of behind it. We're going to cut out of gear and head to Haunted Mansion. So, gear and head to Haunted Mansion. So, gear and head to Haunted Mansion. So, I've had on my must do list for today. I've had on my must do list for today. I've had on my must do list for today. And then I'm debating there is a castle And then I'm debating there is a castle And then I'm debating there is a castle show, which I was thinking about seeing show, which I was thinking about seeing show, which I was thinking about seeing right at 11:35, but I'm I said a toss up right at 11:35, but I'm I said a toss up right at 11:35, but I'm I said a toss up for me between that and Pirates. You for me between that and Pirates. You for me between that and Pirates. You don't know. I also might ride my ride don't know. I also might ride my ride don't know. I also might ride my ride Main Street vehicles, which it's not a Main Street vehicles, which it's not a Main Street vehicles, which it's not a long line. It's it's almost always a long line. It's it's almost always a long line. It's it's almost always a walk-on cuz it's just uh these oldtimey walk-on cuz it's just uh these oldtimey walk-on cuz it's just uh these oldtimey historic vehicles going up and down Main historic vehicles going up and down Main historic vehicles going up and down Main Street. It'll take you between the Street. It'll take you between the Street. It'll take you between the castle and the train station. Either castle and the train station. Either castle and the train station. Either way, drop you off. It's a oneway trip. way, drop you off. It's a oneway trip. way, drop you off. It's a oneway trip. Um, and there's usually not a wait. Um, and there's usually not a wait. Um, and there's usually not a wait. Like, usually you can just walk up to a Like, usually you can just walk up to a Like, usually you can just walk up to a stop and you'll get on the next one. Um, stop and you'll get on the next one. Um, stop and you'll get on the next one. Um, the catch with them is they don't always the catch with them is they don't always the catch with them is they don't always run. So, like right now, we might have run. So, like right now, we might have run. So, like right now, we might have missed them because they don't run missed them because they don't run missed them because they don't run during parades like the Cavalcade. And during parades like the Cavalcade. And during parades like the Cavalcade. And they don't run during shows like the they don't run during shows like the they don't run during shows like the castle show, but there's a chance we castle show, but there's a chance we castle show, but there's a chance we could catch it after a castle show in could catch it after a castle show in could catch it after a castle show in the middle. What's the posted weight for the middle. What's the posted weight for the middle. What's the posted weight for this? Saying 20. I'll give it a 20 for this? Saying 20. I'll give it a 20 for this? Saying 20. I'll give it a 20 for Haunted Mansion. Haunted Mansion. Haunted Mansion. &gt;&gt; Change of plans. There was no way we &gt;&gt; Change of plans. There was no way we &gt;&gt; Change of plans. There was no way we were getting on that in time. So, we're were getting on that in time. So, we're were getting on that in time. So, we're going next door. If you can believe going next door. If you can believe going next door. If you can believe that's next door geographically it that's next door geographically it that's next door geographically it really is to Pirates of the Caribbean. really is to Pirates of the Caribbean. really is to Pirates of the Caribbean. Is that hard to believe that it's kind Is that hard to believe that it's kind Is that hard to believe that it's kind of next door? I don't know. I I think of of next door? I don't know. I I think of of next door? I don't know. I I think of it as being very adjacent. But maybe it as being very adjacent. But maybe it as being very adjacent. But maybe it's farther than I think. But really it's farther than I think. But really it's farther than I think. But really what I think is that everything is what I think is that everything is what I think is that everything is closer than we think. So maybe I am closer than we think. So maybe I am closer than we think. So maybe I am right. Maybe it is right next door. right. Maybe it is right next door. right. Maybe it is right next door. We'll have to check an aerial view. But We'll have to check an aerial view. But We'll have to check an aerial view. But I can show you without even having to I can show you without even having to I can show you without even having to ride. This is what used to be Tom Sawyer ride. This is what used to be Tom Sawyer ride. This is what used to be Tom Sawyer Island. And it's gone. It's literally Island. And it's gone. It's literally Island. And it's gone. It's literally gone. gone. gone. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. Must do check. K got haunted mansion Must do check. K got haunted mansion Must do check. K got haunted mansion done. Now it's about uh it's 11:54. done. Now it's about uh it's 11:54. done. Now it's about uh it's 11:54. So 5 minutes. Not a lot of time in So 5 minutes. Not a lot of time in So 5 minutes. Not a lot of time in Disney World. Not a lot of time to do Disney World. Not a lot of time to do Disney World. Not a lot of time to do anything. Um I think what I'm going to anything. Um I think what I'm going to anything. Um I think what I'm going to do is go get a castle photo as my big do is go get a castle photo as my big do is go get a castle photo as my big finale uh with a photo pass photographer finale uh with a photo pass photographer finale uh with a photo pass photographer to remember my perfect morning by. I to remember my perfect morning by. I to remember my perfect morning by. I think it was pretty good. I am thinking think it was pretty good. I am thinking think it was pretty good. I am thinking my score is gonna be good. I also think my score is gonna be good. I also think my score is gonna be good. I also think I did some stuff that was kind of out I did some stuff that was kind of out I did some stuff that was kind of out there. So, at least like I don't know there. So, at least like I don't know there. So, at least like I don't know that my friends would have thought that that my friends would have thought that that my friends would have thought that I would have met four princesses and you I would have met four princesses and you I would have met four princesses and you know seen the characters on Dumbo. I know seen the characters on Dumbo. I know seen the characters on Dumbo. I don't know what they bet, but I'm pretty don't know what they bet, but I'm pretty don't know what they bet, but I'm pretty sure I did some things that they may sure I did some things that they may sure I did some things that they may have bet that I didn't do. So, maybe have bet that I didn't do. So, maybe have bet that I didn't do. So, maybe I'll get some bonus points. Um, I'll get some bonus points. Um, I'll get some bonus points. Um, regardless, pretty perfect day. Chef's regardless, pretty perfect day. Chef's regardless, pretty perfect day. Chef's kiss. So, if you want a photo in front kiss. So, if you want a photo in front kiss. So, if you want a photo in front of the castle, you're just going to look of the castle, you're just going to look of the castle, you're just going to look for green shirts. The photo pass for green shirts. The photo pass for green shirts. The photo pass photographers wear bright green shirts. photographers wear bright green shirts. photographers wear bright green shirts. They're pretty easy to spot and there They're pretty easy to spot and there They're pretty easy to spot and there are a number of them. There's a huge are a number of them. There's a huge are a number of them. There's a huge line over here for that castle for the line over here for that castle for the line over here for that castle for the best photographer, but no one here with best photographer, but no one here with best photographer, but no one here with her. So, keep your eye out. Look around. her. So, keep your eye out. Look around. her. So, keep your eye out. Look around. There's lots of photographers all around There's lots of photographers all around There's lots of photographers all around uh the castle. uh the castle. uh the castle. &gt;&gt; That was amazing. We just rode five &gt;&gt; That was amazing. We just rode five &gt;&gt; That was amazing. We just rode five rides in 4 hours. And the first hour we rides in 4 hours. And the first hour we rides in 4 hours. And the first hour we spent eating breakfast. And I think that spent eating breakfast. And I think that spent eating breakfast. And I think that pirates was a great way to end the day. pirates was a great way to end the day. pirates was a great way to end the day. Actually, no, we did six. Oh my gosh, I Actually, no, we did six. Oh my gosh, I Actually, no, we did six. Oh my gosh, I forgot about Haunted Mansion. We rode forgot about Haunted Mansion. We rode forgot about Haunted Mansion. We rode six rides today in 4 hours. in the first six rides today in 4 hours. in the first six rides today in 4 hours. in the first hour. So, we rode six rides in three hour. So, we rode six rides in three hour. So, we rode six rides in three hours because the first hour again was hours because the first hour again was hours because the first hour again was breakfast. Should I keep talking about breakfast. Should I keep talking about breakfast. Should I keep talking about it? We ate breakfast this morning for it? We ate breakfast this morning for it? We ate breakfast this morning for the first hour of road drop. the first hour of road drop. the first hour of road drop. &gt;&gt; I feel good about that showing. So, I'm &gt;&gt; I feel good about that showing. So, I'm &gt;&gt; I feel good about that showing. So, I'm submitting my trip to the judges. submitting my trip to the judges. submitting my trip to the judges. &gt;&gt; Now, y'all know mama told me not to &gt;&gt; Now, y'all know mama told me not to &gt;&gt; Now, y'all know mama told me not to judge, but what mama doesn't know won't judge, but what mama doesn't know won't judge, but what mama doesn't know won't hurt her. And I'm the judge for the day. hurt her. And I'm the judge for the day. hurt her. And I'm the judge for the day. &gt;&gt; Did you miss me? &gt;&gt; Did you miss me? &gt;&gt; Did you miss me? &gt;&gt; I did. &gt;&gt; I did. &gt;&gt; I did. &gt;&gt; I do. &gt;&gt; I do. &gt;&gt; I do. I just have to say that your days and I just have to say that your days and I just have to say that your days and I'm going to continue to say this for as I'm going to continue to say this for as I'm going to continue to say this for as long as we do this. Your days are so long as we do this. Your days are so long as we do this. Your days are so ukodated. Like I felt like I was on a ukodated. Like I felt like I was on a ukodated. Like I felt like I was on a day with Quincy. I feel like I was on a day with Quincy. I feel like I was on a day with Quincy. I feel like I was on a date with Reed Love. Like if I would to date with Reed Love. Like if I would to date with Reed Love. Like if I would to say what would he do in the morning, say what would he do in the morning, say what would he do in the morning, that's what you would do. That's what that's what you would do. That's what that's what you would do. That's what Quincy would do. And so this was so much Quincy would do. And so this was so much Quincy would do. And so this was so much fun to watch. I got to be honest with fun to watch. I got to be honest with fun to watch. I got to be honest with you. I watched the video like three you. I watched the video like three you. I watched the video like three times because I was just having fun. I times because I was just having fun. I times because I was just having fun. I was like this is amazing. This really was like this is amazing. This really was like this is amazing. This really made made made &gt;&gt; everybody everybody else you guys should &gt;&gt; everybody everybody else you guys should &gt;&gt; everybody everybody else you guys should all also watch the video three times. all also watch the video three times. all also watch the video three times. [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] &gt;&gt; Let's get into the judging. Just to &gt;&gt; Let's get into the judging. Just to &gt;&gt; Let's get into the judging. Just to remind everybody there are three remind everybody there are three remind everybody there are three categories that I will be judging from. categories that I will be judging from. categories that I will be judging from. Of course that's popularity, variety, Of course that's popularity, variety, Of course that's popularity, variety, and ease. There are three points and ease. There are three points and ease. There are three points possible as well that I can give you for possible as well that I can give you for possible as well that I can give you for your day. Also, there's one point that I your day. Also, there's one point that I your day. Also, there's one point that I can award for the day that I loved the can award for the day that I loved the can award for the day that I loved the most. So, the pressure is on, but I most. So, the pressure is on, but I most. So, the pressure is on, but I gotta say this was a lot of fun to gotta say this was a lot of fun to gotta say this was a lot of fun to watch, and I think you guys agree. So, watch, and I think you guys agree. So, watch, and I think you guys agree. So, let's just get into it. Let's just go let's just get into it. Let's just go let's just get into it. Let's just go right for it. Remember, I'm your friend, right for it. Remember, I'm your friend, right for it. Remember, I'm your friend, and I love you both very much. and I love you both very much. and I love you both very much. [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] &gt;&gt; Of course, &gt;&gt; Of course, &gt;&gt; Of course, &gt;&gt; my only enemy here is Breedlove. &gt;&gt; my only enemy here is Breedlove. &gt;&gt; my only enemy here is Breedlove. [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] &gt;&gt; And also the other competitors, Emma and &gt;&gt; And also the other competitors, Emma and &gt;&gt; And also the other competitors, Emma and Sage are also my enemies. Sage are also my enemies. Sage are also my enemies. &gt;&gt; I'm going to actually start &gt;&gt; I'm going to actually start &gt;&gt; I'm going to actually start with ease this time. And the reason I'm with ease this time. And the reason I'm with ease this time. And the reason I'm I'm doing that for a very particular I'm doing that for a very particular I'm doing that for a very particular reason. Okay, breed love. You starting reason. Okay, breed love. You starting reason. Okay, breed love. You starting off by going to have breakfast was just off by going to have breakfast was just off by going to have breakfast was just genius to me. I liked everything about genius to me. I liked everything about genius to me. I liked everything about that. And as someone who, you know, that. And as someone who, you know, that. And as someone who, you know, either goes to Disney World to work or either goes to Disney World to work or either goes to Disney World to work or to play, I'm always thinking about that. to play, I'm always thinking about that. to play, I'm always thinking about that. I'm I'm I wake up hungry and I want I'm I'm I wake up hungry and I want I'm I'm I wake up hungry and I want something to eat. Watermelon. something to eat. Watermelon. something to eat. Watermelon. &gt;&gt; I don't I don't want to admit it, but &gt;&gt; I don't I don't want to admit it, but &gt;&gt; I don't I don't want to admit it, but that's a that's a power move. that's a that's a power move. that's a that's a power move. So, for my first scoring, this one's So, for my first scoring, this one's So, for my first scoring, this one's going to have to go to Breedlove. I going to have to go to Breedlove. I going to have to go to Breedlove. I scored you a three for ease. Your day scored you a three for ease. Your day scored you a three for ease. Your day just felt easier. It was like very just felt easier. It was like very just felt easier. It was like very chilled. You kind of went at your own chilled. You kind of went at your own chilled. You kind of went at your own pace, yet you were getting a lot done, pace, yet you were getting a lot done, pace, yet you were getting a lot done, and I thought that that was really nice. and I thought that that was really nice. and I thought that that was really nice. [music] Um, now, not to be not to be [music] Um, now, not to be not to be [music] Um, now, not to be not to be mistaken or not to be um don't don't mistaken or not to be um don't don't mistaken or not to be um don't don't fret yet. QR fret yet. QR fret yet. QR code in the house. Um, I scored you a code in the house. Um, I scored you a code in the house. Um, I scored you a two because I feel like, two because I feel like, two because I feel like, &gt;&gt; okay, &gt;&gt; okay, &gt;&gt; okay, &gt;&gt; I feel like on the other side of that, &gt;&gt; I feel like on the other side of that, &gt;&gt; I feel like on the other side of that, there was an ease of you being able to there was an ease of you being able to there was an ease of you being able to access attractions and go on from this access attractions and go on from this access attractions and go on from this and go to that. and go to that. and go to that. &gt;&gt; 19 minutes for Seven Dwarves, baby. &gt;&gt; 19 minutes for Seven Dwarves, baby. &gt;&gt; 19 minutes for Seven Dwarves, baby. &gt;&gt; I mean, [snorts] that was amazing. I was &gt;&gt; I mean, [snorts] that was amazing. I was &gt;&gt; I mean, [snorts] that was amazing. I was like, this is unheard of. But that comes like, this is unheard of. But that comes like, this is unheard of. But that comes with the ease of after waking up, after with the ease of after waking up, after with the ease of after waking up, after making dinner at the park, after making dinner at the park, after making dinner at the park, after &gt;&gt; I'll admit it, it wasn't easy to get out &gt;&gt; I'll admit it, it wasn't easy to get out &gt;&gt; I'll admit it, it wasn't easy to get out of bed at 6:00 a.m., [laughter] of bed at 6:00 a.m., [laughter] of bed at 6:00 a.m., [laughter] &gt;&gt; but you but you reap the benefits of &gt;&gt; but you but you reap the benefits of &gt;&gt; but you but you reap the benefits of that because I was just amazed at that because I was just amazed at that because I was just amazed at everything you were able to get everything you were able to get everything you were able to get [laughter] done so quickly, you know, [laughter] done so quickly, you know, [laughter] done so quickly, you know, within the span of an hour. I was just within the span of an hour. I was just within the span of an hour. I was just like, girl is not playing. Okay, now like, girl is not playing. Okay, now like, girl is not playing. Okay, now let's get into popularity. let's get into popularity. let's get into popularity. M M M &gt;&gt; um now of course again popularity and &gt;&gt; um now of course again popularity and &gt;&gt; um now of course again popularity and kind of how I rank it and where I'm kind of how I rank it and where I'm kind of how I rank it and where I'm coming from is what are you doing at the coming from is what are you doing at the coming from is what are you doing at the parks that is popular that everyone parks that is popular that everyone parks that is popular that everyone wants to do the things that we recommend wants to do the things that we recommend wants to do the things that we recommend that they do as soon as possible um or that they do as soon as possible um or that they do as soon as possible um or the must dos right um and I really felt the must dos right um and I really felt the must dos right um and I really felt like you both did a great job of really like you both did a great job of really like you both did a great job of really hitting them popular rides and although hitting them popular rides and although hitting them popular rides and although you both didn't get on the same rides you both didn't get on the same rides you both didn't get on the same rides you still got on a mix of traditional you still got on a mix of traditional you still got on a mix of traditional popular and new popular. And I think popular and new popular. And I think popular and new popular. And I think that that's something important, that that's something important, that that's something important, especially at Magic Kingdom. Where especially at Magic Kingdom. Where especially at Magic Kingdom. Where Breedlove kind of edged you out, Quincy, Breedlove kind of edged you out, Quincy, Breedlove kind of edged you out, Quincy, is he did get on Tron. is he did get on Tron. is he did get on Tron. &gt;&gt; He made it on Tron and I turned back &gt;&gt; He made it on Tron and I turned back &gt;&gt; He made it on Tron and I turned back from Tron. from Tron. from Tron. &gt;&gt; You did turn back from Tron. And and &gt;&gt; You did turn back from Tron. And and &gt;&gt; You did turn back from Tron. And and Breedlove did get on Tron. Um, which is Breedlove did get on Tron. Um, which is Breedlove did get on Tron. Um, which is something that is, you know, very something that is, you know, very something that is, you know, very popular. And so, um, I I for a minute, popular. And so, um, I I for a minute, popular. And so, um, I I for a minute, Breedlove, I was like, "Oh, I think I Breedlove, I was like, "Oh, I think I Breedlove, I was like, "Oh, I think I think you ain't got this." Now, think you ain't got this." Now, think you ain't got this." Now, what changed it? And I'm sorry it did what changed it? And I'm sorry it did what changed it? And I'm sorry it did change. change. change. &gt;&gt; I'm on a roller coaster. I feel like I'm &gt;&gt; I'm on a roller coaster. I feel like I'm &gt;&gt; I'm on a roller coaster. I feel like I'm on Tron right now. [laughter] on Tron right now. [laughter] on Tron right now. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Was the fact that Quincy &gt;&gt; Was the fact that Quincy &gt;&gt; Was the fact that Quincy did, and this is kind of going into my did, and this is kind of going into my did, and this is kind of going into my next one, she did more of an overall next one, she did more of an overall next one, she did more of an overall variety of popular things. She met the variety of popular things. She met the variety of popular things. She met the princesses. princesses. princesses. She met characters from Storybook She met characters from Storybook She met characters from Storybook Circus. Circus. Circus. She got on Dumbo, which is the popular She got on Dumbo, which is the popular She got on Dumbo, which is the popular Disney roll. Now, you did get on Astro Disney roll. Now, you did get on Astro Disney roll. Now, you did get on Astro Orbiter. You did do that, which is still Orbiter. You did do that, which is still Orbiter. You did do that, which is still the same ride, but I mean, if you're the same ride, but I mean, if you're the same ride, but I mean, if you're going to consider, in my opinion, Dumbo, going to consider, in my opinion, Dumbo, going to consider, in my opinion, Dumbo, a castra or orbiter, Dumbo, a castra or orbiter, Dumbo, a castra or orbiter, Dumbo, &gt;&gt; I had to inspect the new paint job, &gt;&gt; I had to inspect the new paint job, &gt;&gt; I had to inspect the new paint job, &gt;&gt; the new paint job. &gt;&gt; the new paint job. &gt;&gt; the new paint job. &gt;&gt; Well, and and the new centrifugal force, &gt;&gt; Well, and and the new centrifugal force, &gt;&gt; Well, and and the new centrifugal force, &gt;&gt; and it was very effective, and I think &gt;&gt; and it was very effective, and I think &gt;&gt; and it was very effective, and I think it looked very pretty. Okay. Simply because in my opinion, Okay. Simply because in my opinion, Okay. Simply because in my opinion, Breedlove did more of the popular Breedlove did more of the popular Breedlove did more of the popular things. You did edge out Quincy in this things. You did edge out Quincy in this things. You did edge out Quincy in this category. So, Breedlove, you got a three category. So, Breedlove, you got a three category. So, Breedlove, you got a three and Quincy, you got a two cuz you did do and Quincy, you got a two cuz you did do and Quincy, you got a two cuz you did do it it it &gt;&gt; popular things. &gt;&gt; popular things. &gt;&gt; popular things. &gt;&gt; I'm telling Peter Pan that you hate him &gt;&gt; I'm telling Peter Pan that you hate him &gt;&gt; I'm telling Peter Pan that you hate him personally, but other than that, and personally, but other than that, and personally, but other than that, and he'll come for you. He's violent. he'll come for you. He's violent. he'll come for you. He's violent. &gt;&gt; Watch Oh, no. If you watch Once Upon a &gt;&gt; Watch Oh, no. If you watch Once Upon a &gt;&gt; Watch Oh, no. If you watch Once Upon a Time, PETER PAN IS Time, PETER PAN IS Time, PETER PAN IS &gt;&gt; HE'S SCARY. He's scary in Once Upon a &gt;&gt; HE'S SCARY. He's scary in Once Upon a &gt;&gt; HE'S SCARY. He's scary in Once Upon a Time. kidnaps children and simple way Time. kidnaps children and simple way Time. kidnaps children and simple way &gt;&gt; and he's mean to Rubble Stillskin, my &gt;&gt; and he's mean to Rubble Stillskin, my &gt;&gt; and he's mean to Rubble Stillskin, my favorite character. favorite character. favorite character. &gt;&gt; I love &gt;&gt; I love &gt;&gt; I love &gt;&gt; I know about this firsthand. &gt;&gt; I know about this firsthand. &gt;&gt; I know about this firsthand. &gt;&gt; You're a lost boy. &gt;&gt; You're a lost boy. &gt;&gt; You're a lost boy. &gt;&gt; I wear the mark of the pan. &gt;&gt; I wear the mark of the pan. &gt;&gt; I wear the mark of the pan. &gt;&gt; You You bear the mark of Pan &gt;&gt; You You bear the mark of Pan &gt;&gt; You You bear the mark of Pan &gt;&gt; and you &gt;&gt; and you &gt;&gt; and you I was read I was read I was read on the aisle of pleasure. on the aisle of pleasure. on the aisle of pleasure. &gt;&gt; Hell of a lost boy. &gt;&gt; Hell of a lost boy. &gt;&gt; Hell of a lost boy. &gt;&gt; I really wish. &gt;&gt; I really wish. &gt;&gt; I really wish. &gt;&gt; But that's a different movie. &gt;&gt; But that's a different movie. &gt;&gt; But that's a different movie. &gt;&gt; I was going to say it's Neverland. &gt;&gt; I was going to say it's Neverland. &gt;&gt; I was going to say it's Neverland. Pleasure Island is Pinocchio. Pleasure Island is Pinocchio. Pleasure Island is Pinocchio. &gt;&gt; But it's sort of a similar concept. &gt;&gt; But it's sort of a similar concept. &gt;&gt; But it's sort of a similar concept. &gt;&gt; It is very similar. They were big on &gt;&gt; It is very similar. They were big on &gt;&gt; It is very similar. They were big on boys getting going away from home and boys getting going away from home and boys getting going away from home and being irresponsible. being irresponsible. being irresponsible. &gt;&gt; Yes. And I like that. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yes. And I like that. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yes. And I like that. [laughter] The good old days. The good old days. The good old days. &gt;&gt; I like this is all really a good idea. &gt;&gt; I like this is all really a good idea. &gt;&gt; I like this is all really a good idea. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I don't get I didn't understand anything &gt;&gt; I don't get I didn't understand anything &gt;&gt; I don't get I didn't understand anything about the cautionary tale. I was like about the cautionary tale. I was like about the cautionary tale. I was like &gt;&gt; you were like well I wish I was that &gt;&gt; you were like well I wish I was that &gt;&gt; you were like well I wish I was that guy. guy. guy. &gt;&gt; I want to be a donkey. &gt;&gt; I want to be a donkey. &gt;&gt; I want to be a donkey. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Anyway, so Peter's coming for you, R.J., Anyway, so Peter's coming for you, R.J., Anyway, so Peter's coming for you, R.J., but it's fine. but it's fine. but it's fine. &gt;&gt; Sorry. &gt;&gt; Sorry. &gt;&gt; Sorry. &gt;&gt; Okay, last but not least, let's get into &gt;&gt; Okay, last but not least, let's get into &gt;&gt; Okay, last but not least, let's get into variety. When I judge variety, let me variety. When I judge variety, let me variety. When I judge variety, let me break this down for you real quick. When break this down for you real quick. When break this down for you real quick. When I judge variety, I'm judging variety I judge variety, I'm judging variety I judge variety, I'm judging variety from two scales. Different things done from two scales. Different things done from two scales. Different things done and different places that they're being and different places that they're being and different places that they're being done, right? done, right? done, right? &gt;&gt; Interesting. &gt;&gt; Interesting. &gt;&gt; Interesting. &gt;&gt; Miss Quincy &gt;&gt; Miss Quincy &gt;&gt; Miss Quincy of the QR code. Like, girl, you are of the QR code. Like, girl, you are of the QR code. Like, girl, you are variety. Okay. I mean, I just kind of variety. Okay. I mean, I just kind of variety. Okay. I mean, I just kind of have to say that have to say that have to say that &gt;&gt; I be doing stuff &gt;&gt; I be doing stuff &gt;&gt; I be doing stuff &gt;&gt; and you be did it a lot. Okay. Because &gt;&gt; and you be did it a lot. Okay. Because &gt;&gt; and you be did it a lot. Okay. Because &gt;&gt; variety is the spice of life. &gt;&gt; variety is the spice of life. &gt;&gt; variety is the spice of life. &gt;&gt; You know how to season them, girl. &gt;&gt; You know how to season them, girl. &gt;&gt; You know how to season them, girl. &gt;&gt; You was putting all them spices over &gt;&gt; You was putting all them spices over &gt;&gt; You was putting all them spices over Magic Kingdom. Magic Kingdom. Magic Kingdom. &gt;&gt; Spicy. Um, and so for that very reason, &gt;&gt; Spicy. Um, and so for that very reason, &gt;&gt; Spicy. Um, and so for that very reason, I had to award you with the three I had to award you with the three I had to award you with the three points, full three points for Verian points, full three points for Verian points, full three points for Verian because you literally did in every because you literally did in every because you literally did in every section everything that you can do. You section everything that you can do. You section everything that you can do. You met a character, you did an attraction, met a character, you did an attraction, met a character, you did an attraction, you saw a parade or a show, you ate a you saw a parade or a show, you ate a you saw a parade or a show, you ate a snack um at at the park, uh, took a snack um at at the park, uh, took a snack um at at the park, uh, took a picture. I mean, all you need to do is picture. I mean, all you need to do is picture. I mean, all you need to do is see Happily Ever After, and you would see Happily Ever After, and you would see Happily Ever After, and you would have had the perfect Disney. have had the perfect Disney. have had the perfect Disney. &gt;&gt; And they don't show that in the morning. &gt;&gt; And they don't show that in the morning. &gt;&gt; And they don't show that in the morning. Rude. Rude. Rude. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you got three and Craig, I did &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you got three and Craig, I did &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you got three and Craig, I did award you with two points because you, award you with two points because you, award you with two points because you, like I said, you you didn't just, you like I said, you you didn't just, you like I said, you you didn't just, you know, do one section. You didn't just go know, do one section. You didn't just go know, do one section. You didn't just go on rides, but you went to a resort. And on rides, but you went to a resort. And on rides, but you went to a resort. And &gt;&gt; I'm learning some things about our &gt;&gt; I'm learning some things about our &gt;&gt; I'm learning some things about our friendship. friendship. friendship. [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] &gt;&gt; Oh no. Oh no. &gt;&gt; Oh no. Oh no. &gt;&gt; Oh no. Oh no. &gt;&gt; R.J.'s going to have to fight everybody. &gt;&gt; R.J.'s going to have to fight everybody. &gt;&gt; R.J.'s going to have to fight everybody. The entire cast. Every player's going to The entire cast. Every player's going to The entire cast. Every player's going to want to fight R.J. next time we see him want to fight R.J. next time we see him want to fight R.J. next time we see him in person. [laughter] in person. [laughter] in person. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I don't know if I'm going to come out &gt;&gt; I don't know if I'm going to come out &gt;&gt; I don't know if I'm going to come out first. first. first. &gt;&gt; I'm giving him an impossible job. &gt;&gt; I'm giving him an impossible job. &gt;&gt; I'm giving him an impossible job. But um so that being the case um that But um so that being the case um that But um so that being the case um that leaves me to my last point. leaves me to my last point. leaves me to my last point. &gt;&gt; I'm so curious about this. &gt;&gt; I'm so curious about this. &gt;&gt; I'm so curious about this. &gt;&gt; And my last point is what I would like &gt;&gt; And my last point is what I would like &gt;&gt; And my last point is what I would like to do or what I would think the perfect to do or what I would think the perfect to do or what I would think the perfect day would be. Um this was a really hard day would be. Um this was a really hard day would be. Um this was a really hard one for me, right? Because um I feel one for me, right? Because um I feel one for me, right? Because um I feel like I'm on both sides of this spectrum. like I'm on both sides of this spectrum. like I'm on both sides of this spectrum. Um, you know, and and for me, it really Um, you know, and and for me, it really Um, you know, and and for me, it really depends on the type of Disney day that I depends on the type of Disney day that I depends on the type of Disney day that I want to have because I could see myself want to have because I could see myself want to have because I could see myself having both of these days. I could see having both of these days. I could see having both of these days. I could see myself, if I have not been to Disney myself, if I have not been to Disney myself, if I have not been to Disney World in a long time, wanting to get up World in a long time, wanting to get up World in a long time, wanting to get up early and run and go and get on all the early and run and go and get on all the early and run and go and get on all the attractions. And y'all know, y'all know attractions. And y'all know, y'all know attractions. And y'all know, y'all know character meet and greets are my jam. I character meet and greets are my jam. I character meet and greets are my jam. I love seeing princesses and all that. And love seeing princesses and all that. And love seeing princesses and all that. And then on the other end, I love a little then on the other end, I love a little then on the other end, I love a little moment to sleep in a little bit, take my moment to sleep in a little bit, take my moment to sleep in a little bit, take my time, go have a nice breakfast, stuff time, go have a nice breakfast, stuff time, go have a nice breakfast, stuff and smell the flowers, and just kind of and smell the flowers, and just kind of and smell the flowers, and just kind of ease myself through the day, still ease myself through the day, still ease myself through the day, still seeing and doing a lot of fun seeing and doing a lot of fun seeing and doing a lot of fun attractions, especially a mix of the OG attractions, especially a mix of the OG attractions, especially a mix of the OG and the new. So, and the new. So, and the new. So, the day that I did pick that I the day that I did pick that I the day that I did pick that I personally would like to do or could see personally would like to do or could see personally would like to do or could see myself doing more of um would have to myself doing more of um would have to myself doing more of um would have to be. &gt;&gt; We'll be right back after this. &gt;&gt; We'll be right back after this. &gt;&gt; We'll be right back after this. [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] &gt;&gt; Rude. &gt;&gt; It is breed love. [music] &gt;&gt; It is breed love. [music] &gt;&gt; It is breed love. [music] &gt;&gt; I thought this might happen. It's hard &gt;&gt; I thought this might happen. It's hard &gt;&gt; I thought this might happen. It's hard with the sleepin breakfast. I also want with the sleepin breakfast. I also want with the sleepin breakfast. I also want to do the sleepin breakfast. to do the sleepin breakfast. to do the sleepin breakfast. &gt;&gt; And that's the characters &gt;&gt; And that's the characters &gt;&gt; And that's the characters &gt;&gt; that really solidified it because you &gt;&gt; that really solidified it because you &gt;&gt; that really solidified it because you guys know how much like Quincy, your day guys know how much like Quincy, your day guys know how much like Quincy, your day is me if I were to go to Disney World is me if I were to go to Disney World is me if I were to go to Disney World next week cuz I haven't been in months. next week cuz I haven't been in months. next week cuz I haven't been in months. &gt;&gt; And so I would probably get up and do &gt;&gt; And so I would probably get up and do &gt;&gt; And so I would probably get up and do do. But that second day, I'd probably be do. But that second day, I'd probably be do. But that second day, I'd probably be like, "Eh, let's go eat and then we'll like, "Eh, let's go eat and then we'll like, "Eh, let's go eat and then we'll just go with the flow." just go with the flow." just go with the flow." &gt;&gt; It's real. &gt;&gt; It's real. &gt;&gt; It's real. &gt;&gt; Um cuz I think that there's value in &gt;&gt; Um cuz I think that there's value in &gt;&gt; Um cuz I think that there's value in that. And and I'm gonna be honest with that. And and I'm gonna be honest with that. And and I'm gonna be honest with you, that breakfast really [music] edged you, that breakfast really [music] edged you, that breakfast really [music] edged you out. It was that breakfast that you you out. It was that breakfast that you you out. It was that breakfast that you did, Craig. But I am not the end all be did, Craig. But I am not the end all be did, Craig. But I am not the end all be all. Let's take it to fry over on our all. Let's take it to fry over on our all. Let's take it to fry over on our socials. socials. socials. &gt;&gt; Yes, we have in fact pulled our social &gt;&gt; Yes, we have in fact pulled our social &gt;&gt; Yes, we have in fact pulled our social media audience over at All Ears Net on media audience over at All Ears Net on media audience over at All Ears Net on Instagram. If you are not following us, Instagram. If you are not following us, Instagram. If you are not following us, you definitely should be. We've pulled you definitely should be. We've pulled you definitely should be. We've pulled our entire audience and there was one our entire audience and there was one our entire audience and there was one clear winner in this experiment for clear winner in this experiment for clear winner in this experiment for today. And the social winner for today today. And the social winner for today today. And the social winner for today is Quincy. Yes, Quincy, you are the social Quincy. Yes, Quincy, you are the social Quincy. Yes, Quincy, you are the social winner today. Very good job. Props to winner today. Very good job. Props to winner today. Very good job. Props to you and I will see you next time. Thank you and I will see you next time. Thank you and I will see you next time. Thank you so much. This has been Fry. you so much. This has been Fry. you so much. This has been Fry. &gt;&gt; I believe it. &gt;&gt; I believe it. &gt;&gt; I believe it. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; I believe the best of all worlds. &gt;&gt; I believe the best of all worlds. &gt;&gt; I believe the best of all worlds. &gt;&gt; It is. It is. That's Thank you guys. &gt;&gt; It is. It is. That's Thank you guys. &gt;&gt; It is. It is. That's Thank you guys. That's awesome. Um, I'm feeling good That's awesome. Um, I'm feeling good That's awesome. Um, I'm feeling good about our showing, but what is really about our showing, but what is really about our showing, but what is really cool is that we have three we have three cool is that we have three we have three cool is that we have three we have three rounds each to play. We are also playing rounds each to play. We are also playing rounds each to play. We are also playing against Emma and Sage in a tournament against Emma and Sage in a tournament against Emma and Sage in a tournament this entire month. Um, berate my trip. this entire month. Um, berate my trip. this entire month. Um, berate my trip. So, this might be our performance for So, this might be our performance for So, this might be our performance for today's video, but for the entire today's video, but for the entire today's video, but for the entire season, who knows? So, it's a good start season, who knows? So, it's a good start season, who knows? So, it's a good start at least. at least. at least. &gt;&gt; If you're still here, go ahead and drop &gt;&gt; If you're still here, go ahead and drop &gt;&gt; If you're still here, go ahead and drop this password in the comments below. And this password in the comments below. And this password in the comments below. And go ahead and like and subscribe. And why go ahead and like and subscribe. And why go ahead and like and subscribe. And why not turn on notifications so that you'll not turn on notifications so that you'll not turn on notifications so that you'll be the first to know when myself or one be the first to know when myself or one be the first to know when myself or one of my friends puts out a brand new of my friends puts out a brand new of my friends puts out a brand new video. Something we do all week. Why? video. Something we do all week. Why? video. Something we do all week. Why? BECAUSE WE'RE SERIOUS ABOUT FUN. BECAUSE WE'RE SERIOUS ABOUT FUN. BECAUSE WE'RE SERIOUS ABOUT FUN. &gt;&gt; YEAH, WE ARE. &gt;&gt; YEAH, WE ARE. &gt;&gt; YEAH, WE ARE. &gt;&gt; And also &gt;&gt; And also &gt;&gt; And also Brea, you and Emma and Sage are going Brea, you and Emma and Sage are going Brea, you and Emma and Sage are going down. down. down. &gt;&gt; Oh, is that what's happening? &gt;&gt; Oh, is that what's happening? &gt;&gt; Oh, is that what's happening? &gt;&gt; Only the beginning. &gt;&gt; Only the beginning. &gt;&gt; Only the beginning. &gt;&gt; Why are you covering your eyes? &gt;&gt; Why are you covering your eyes? &gt;&gt; Why are you covering your eyes? &gt;&gt; I miss you covering my mouth. &gt;&gt; I miss you covering my mouth. &gt;&gt; I miss you covering my mouth. &gt;&gt; This lie is so extreme. I lie. Don't &gt;&gt; This lie is so extreme. I lie. Don't &gt;&gt; This lie is so extreme. I lie. Don't mind up. This I'm lying.
