---
video_id: ocEp3luZcGY
channel: AllEars.net
title: "26 Disney World Must Dos for 2026"
published: 2026-02-15
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocEp3luZcGY
---
If you only do one Disney trip in 2026, listen up. Here is a rapidfire list of 26 things you need to do in Disney World in 2026. Let's go. We have no time to waste. Rock and Roller Coaster starring the Muppets. Level 99 at Disney Springs. New Mission on Millennium Falcon Smugglers Run. Big Thunder Mountain Railroad. Experience the magic of Disney animation. Drawn to Wonderland Playground. Watch the new Disney Junior show. Take a picture at the returning sorcerers hat in Hollywood Studios. SAR across America. Zootopia. Better Zoo Gather. Experience Frozen Ever After with the new animatronics. Mourn Dinosaur. RIP. Experience Walt Disney's new carousel of progress intro. Take a sneak peek at Magic Kingdom's expansion construction. And take a sneak peek at Animal Kingdom's Tropical America's expansion construction. Experience the Beacon Barrel Pirate Lounge. Celebrate the Boardwalk Inn and Villa's 30th anniversary. Experience Porter's French Quarters 35th anniversary. Experience the recently refreshed Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger spin. Have tea at the Grand Fian in the new tea room. Participate in a run Disney race. Take advantage of Disney's airport luggage transfer program. Check out the progress on Disney's newest hotel, Lakeshore Lodge. Have a nice beverage in the lobby of the Grand Fian at the new Perch Bar. Go to a water park for free on your check-in day. And finally, check in on the progress of the Cinderella Castle paint refresh going back to its old school colors. Okay, I know that was a lot, but we have a way more in-depth breakdown of all 26 things you need to do at Disney World in 2026. and it's up on the channel right now.
