---
video_id: tShOlzCG9c8
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Day 7 of Trying to Get Around the World in 9 Days ‼️✈️ GONE WRONG"
published: 2026-03-14
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tShOlzCG9c8
---
Day seven of trying to get around the world in 9 days. It is 2:30 a.m. I can't sleep. And I'm still on this ship and need to get off of it because tomorrow we go to Istanbul. >> The plane is 11:40. We are on cruise ship. So, we have to get into ports, clear, get off the ship, go to immigration, get to the airport in time to be able to make it on our flight to Mount Paris. >> I'm sure it'll be fine. >> Day seven of trying to get around the world in nine days, and we've hit a major hiccup. We have bad news. Our flight to Istanbul has been delayed by two hours. Has us landing 10 minutes after our connection to Paris, which means we will not be making it to Paris >> today at least. >> Today, >> Turkish Airlines has rebooked us into a flight to Paris tomorrow morning, but that means we're spending the night in Istanbul. We're still sitting in Singapore right now. Um, and we just got our snack >> because the way this airport works, we had to go through security already. We can't get food or water. >> We couldn't get food. There was only water dispensers. But apparently we got like a text that was like at 12:40 refreshment service will begin. And we got these snack packs of stuff. And when we get on our plane, we we literally have no idea what's going to happen in a symbol. We know that when we get off of our plane in Turkey, there will be Turkish Airlines staff members there. And I read our bill of rights as passengers and it said that we are we have to be provided accommodations. Um, but we won't know anything about that until we land in Turkey. >> I can't talk about it. Emma was feeling really good about it. >> Our flight was cancelled. Vlog update. Flight was cancelled. Close.
