---
video_id: hrh5UTuaGzg
channel: AllEars.net
title: "FULL Review of The Disney Fantasy -- Disney Cruise Line"
published: 2026-03-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrh5UTuaGzg
---
We are setting sail on what many consider to be Disney Cruise Line's very best ship. We have five nights on the Disney Fantasy, including Pixar Day at Sea and a stop at both of Disney's private island destinations. We're very excited and I haven't put sunscreen on, so we have to go inside. I feel my scalp burning. We are on the ship. The process for getting on a Disney cruise ship is pretty simple. There's a couple of things you're going to want to do advance in advance. You do have an online check-in to do in advance as well as a health questionnaire. Uh both of these can be found in the Disney Cruise Line app, which I recommend getting before your cruise or online. Once you're checked in, you will get a port arrival form. This is important. Make sure someone in your party has one for everybody who's boarding. And I always make sure that Emma has it. And by make sure, I mean Emma just gets it and I forget to check. >> I want to make sure we can get on the boat. That's how I handle it. Do not forget your passport. Keep it with you. And don't put it in a different bag. Keep it with you. >> And do that thing where like, you know, every 20 minutes you're like, "Do I still have it?" Touch it. There's no way it could have come out of your bag, but you have to check. Several times today, both Quincy and I said, "Just touch it. Touch it." Mine's in my pocket for easy access to just touching it. >> Mine's in the front of my bag. >> Look at the Wall-E towel. >> I got to take a picture of that. >> I love him. >> Wall-E. >> Wall-E towel. You'll arrive at your designated port arrival time. The earlier you check in, the earlier your port arrival time will be. So, make sure to check in as soon as you able to do so. In our case, since we drove, we were able to do baggage drop off at the port. You pull up to a little baggage drop off area, drop it off with some folks. You need a do you need a do with rum? >> Yeah. Can we eat lunch first? You go through security. You can't have any liquids on you. Um, in your checked bag, you can't have liquids. In fact, you can even bring on certain quantities of like wine. There's a limit to the allowance that you can see on the screen right here cuz I don't know it off the top of my head. Once you get through security, you will head up to the sort of the main terminal waiting room. If you've already checked in online, you're done. You're ready. You just wait for them to call your boarding group and then you're on the ship. One super fun thing about Disney Cruise Line is that as you enter the ship, they will call out your family's name. Thank you. They will call out your family's name uh as soon as you walk on the ship uh announcing your arrival. You might see some friendly faces like Captain Mini. Our first stop, which probably honestly will be your first stop on board as well, is lunch. Your rooms aren't ready until 1:30. We were in the first boarding group today uh since Disney has invited us on cruise. Thank you Disney for inviting us. >> We love it. So, we were able to board around 11:45. It's now noon. So, we're going to get lunch at a buffet and you get to come. And you should also do this on your cruise. This is the best and frankly one of the only things that's open. I thought you were going to tell them to eat at home. Guys, go ahead. Go get lunch. >> Pause the video. >> And when you come back, okay, now we can eat. We have grabbed a seat at Cabanas. This is the buffet. This is what's going to be open for lunch when right when you get on the ship. And then it's open for breakfast and lunch throughout the voyage. But make sure you check the hours. If you eat at weird times, >> the hours here are wonky. >> It will be closed. There is always something to eat. Um there's 24-hour room service if you're in a pinch. And then the pool deck is open a lot of the day, but just make sure that you're checking hours on stuff that so you don't like get really excited about the buffet and get up there for it to be closed. I've been there. Uh I went with just like a selection from the buffet, but you can see they've got a wide variety of stuff. They've got basics like pizza and chicken tenders and also like fresh carved meats and pasta salads and veggies and shrimp and stuff. If you do want to learn more about not just the food we're eating here at the buffet, but all of the food we'll be eating during our trip. Uh we are going to be doing that in a separate video. So that video will have every single food item that we eat. We're going to review it all in that video. All right, we're on the move. We finished up lunch. It was honestly really good. >> Pretty darn good. >> Yeah. And Cabanas is always good. It was just kind of extra good today. They I think maybe they stepped up some of their recipes. >> I honestly I thought a little more butter. I felt like >> I was literally going to say to you, I think there's more butter in this. They've been using they're using a lot more butter and cabanas these days. On Disney Cruise Line, like with most cruises, it is an all-inclusive experience. You pay your rate and your food and everything is included, barring a few upcharge options. Um, that soft serve ice cream included. You can infinitely go up to those machines and make yourself a little cone. But we are heading into one of those upcharge experiences, which is Cove Cafe. This is an adults only location on the ship. It's located in the adults only part of the deck. If you are curious about the layout of the Fantasy, if you're going, you can actually see a full tour of this ship on our channel right now. Uh where we I did do a whole tour where we walked the whole ship, so you guys can check it out if you are curious about the layout. But Co Cafe, obviously a little more upscale, there's jazz playing. There's lots of pictures of Walt and his family on their travels. And as you can see, very nice, cozy seings with these huge port hole windows out to the pool deck. The menu is going to be fancier. Hard to open, but it's going to be fancier coffees. They've got their Cove specialties and they have tablet menus on the bar that have a lot more options. Um, we absolutely love it here, but they also have alcohol and you can treat it as a full bar. They have some alcoholic options. So, um, alcohol is going to be an upcharge on your cruise. They do not have traditional drink packages on Disney Cruise Line. >> That's honestly most adults biggest complaint with the Disney Cruise Line. >> Yes. One of the most important things that we love to talk about all the time, every cruise, is this little card right here. >> And why? >> Because it leads to a free coffee. If you're coffee drinkers like we are, and you want the fancy stuff, >> she meant if you're cafe fanatics like we are. >> If you are a cafe fanatic like us, because of course there is black coffee that you can get that's included, but these are the fancy ones. You are going to get one of these cards. And once you get five specialty coffees or tea drinks, you get a free coffee or tea drink. There have been cruises, but we have had at least three of these. And that's not a joke. >> They also don't like expire. So, if you happen to be somebody who's going on a lot of cruises, you could keep them. >> And I you know what I do? I keep them in my passport. >> And so I I never think about it. >> Important documents. >> I keep all my important documents together. How's your coffee? >> Incredible. >> Actually, don't say another word. We're gonna talk about that in my video. So, we are headed down to our room. We are on deck eight. Something that always surprises me is there really isn't too much difference in the rate between an ocean view or a veranda cabin. Enough so that when I have priced out cruises, I have considered a veranda. And I am not exactly on a ball-in budget when it comes to pricing out cruises. Um, but the difference is just kind of low enough that you're like, well, maybe I'll just get I'll just get the veranda. There's lots of helpful signage. Um, and a really easy way to know whether you're facing the front of the ship or the back of the ship is to look at the room numbers. They have a little fish on them. And those fish are pointing towards the front of the ship as if they are swimming towards the front of the ship. We are so far from our room still. >> Yeah. >> Really got to hike to go here. >> Yeah. And that is why it's important to learn where the front and the back of the ship are so that you know how long your walk's going to be. We've arrived at our room. Uh, you will find right when you get to your rooms, when the rooms are ready, you'll find a little stateateroom. This is where your key cards are going to be. >> Yes, your key to the world cards. Very important. >> Wo. >> Wo. Careful. That's the goods. She's really doing it, you guys. All right. >> Oh, cute. This is something that you can actually add to your uh cruise. We're hosted, so this is a little surprise for us, it seems. But you can get decorations like these Pixar decorations added to your stay as well for a small fee. And all this is stuff we can keep. So we got this big Is this a towel? >> Yeah. >> Nice beach towel, pillowcases. And right now we have a beautiful view. We actually are facing the ocean. >> Sometimes you're not at port. But don't worry, no matter what brand you have, you will face the ocean at some point. The ship moves. That's a good thing about uh ships is it's not like a hotel. Your view not not set. It's going to change. They do a really good job space use on these ships. So, you have your main bed. Um, it's a queen bed. We are in a deluxe veranda room. They have regular veranda rooms as well. The deluxe verand room is probably what you'll be considering if you're traveling in a group of four full party um with kids because you can sleep four in here. And you're like, "How, Quincy?" >> Well, let me tell you. >> I will in a minute. >> Well, this actually turns into a bed and so does that. that thing that looks like maybe you're not supposed to mess with it because it might be like tech or something. >> That's true. You're not supposed to mess with it. The hallway attendants will ask you how you want your bed set up and they do turn down service for you while you're at dinner. So, we'll see that later tonight. Queen bed here. Um, and as you can tell, we are here for a Pixar Day at Sea sailing. We got headbands. >> Pixar Day at Sea. >> We went and checked in the media for Pixar Day at Sea and we got headbands. >> We also got it so that sometimes one of us can wear double alien and one of us can wear double Buzz. Yeah. >> And if you see us buy more little heads during this trip, you mind your business. >> These are decorations. These Pixar Dance at Sea decorations are decorations that you can get added to your stateateroom for a fee. Um, and they have other ones, too. If you have like a birthday or something like that, it's a very fun little surprise that's waiting for you when you get there. Extremely comfortable bed. One of my favorite beds ever are the beds on Disney Cruise Line. I love them. Um, and then our bags right now are just kind of tucked in this creass. But >> yeah, you like that word. But the um the there is tons of underbed storage space for bags, which is probably where your bags are going to end up. We do have a connecting room, so that's an option. If you have multiple parties that or multiple people that you want a connecting room, you can do that. Um we also have this art of at the time the four Disney cruise ships will be sailing on the ETH on the adventure. Keep an eye out for those videos coming to the channel as well as Emma and I literally flying around the world in 10 days because >> Oh my gosh, we are. Yes, because we will be flying from Singapore for the adventure to Paris for Disney Adventure World. Quick stop in Istanbul. We're bringing you guys with us obviously cuz isn't that wild? Uh on the side of the bed here, we have a little bit of floor space. As you can see, it is tight moving through here. You are on a ship. Then they actually do typically bring this curtain out when they turn down the room if you have multiple people sleeping in the two areas. Double-decker bedside table. um these cute little scon sites that have the nautical map that you can see all the ships on it as well as all the Disney parks. Obviously, it doesn't have all the ships anymore, but it does have all the little castles, which I love. Phone in case you need to call down or call for room service, which we will be doing. You will see that in this video briefly and in the other video extensively. The couch that Amazon will be a couch during the day. They will turn it down to be a bed during the night. Little table that is easy for them to move around to set up your room. Very cute art here that's kind of subtle, but you can see it's all these little Disney character stamps, which I wish were real. Your whole vanity area is over here. You have a big mirror, a nice light above the mirror, well lit, great place to do makeup. There are three good places to do makeup in this room. So, if you're having a girls trip or a guys trip where all the guys wear makeup, you can do that in any of these mirrors. There's plenty of space. Little shelves where we are hiding our crackers. That will make sense in a second when another weird part of this video happens. Um, and just a lot of storage space here. These little shelves are great for just dropping things off quickly. Your TV and this does a little tilt >> situation >> straight out of the wall. >> Did you know that or is this news to you? >> No, I'm making an office reference. >> Okay. I If you have sailed on Disney Cruise Line before, you may find some goodies in your room from your like status on Disney Cruise. Emma and I officially as of this cruise are Castaway Club Gold. That is eight cruises. Seven of those cruises have been work cruises within the past 3 years. In here we have your mini fridge. Be careful. >> Um oh balance. Um this is going to be a pretty small space, but it's okay for like any little snacks. A very cute chair. And there's a mix of different types of outlets. These are specifically the 220 volts for hair dryers. Um, you do need to use the hairdryer that comes on board. We've got also USBs available. In this drawer, we have safety information, criminal activity information. This is really handy because you can order your breakfast. You hang this on your door and they will bring breakfast by at the time you note. Uh, we will be doing that. Little bit of stationery, some postcards. Drawers here. You've got your haird dryer. This is a heat mat for any sort of heated like a straightener or curling iron. They want you to put on the heat map so you don't damage the desk. You will damage the desk. So, please use that heat mask. Pretty sizable drawer here. Got the balcony here. I'm not going to go out just yet. We will get a nice view of this when we have a little bit better of a view. Nice privacy curtains for if you're parked next to another cruise ship or in port. And then these dark blackout curtains. Here's the bathrooms. Full length mirror. You can see me do this. Smaller mirror. You can see me do this. Sink. Bath soap. Little towels. Makeup towel to wipe your makeup off. Sea salt body lotion. Double shelves. We've got Disney Cruise Line towels, Kleenex, hand towels, extra towels, trash can, full bathtub, um, shower head, double clothes line, shampoo, conditioner, body wash in the shower. Pretty good, uh, pressure on the showers. This is the second bathroom. So, another space to get ready with a sink, hand soap, mirror, Kleenex, Sharps disposal, um, plus your toilet, of course, toilet brush, extra toilet paper, and closet last. We have to leave. >> We can do them. We can do them. Closets. Your life jackets. Very important. You've got hangers. You've got laundry if you need to send it. An in room safe. It's programmable. Tons of storage space in the closets. And the other one has robes, which we can't wait to wear that you will see us in later. And more storage space. Okay, we have to go to muster. That's the call for muster. Hey, I think I did that. We're not late. We're supposed to go with the alarm. We're going at the alarm. Basically, when you sail on any cruise ship, but we'll talk about Disney Cruis's process specifically, there is a muster drill. This is a mandatory safety drill where you have to go to your muster station. The muster station is where you would have to go in the event of a um emergency, particularly like a at sea emergency where you would have to evacuate the ship. Obviously, that is extremely rare. I'm knocking on wood. Um, but there are lifeboats on the ship that can house enough people um to get everybody off the ship safely. And to load onto lifeboats, you would go to your muster station. So, you would put on one of those life jackets from your closet and then make your way to your assembly station. There are directions on the back of your door, but you do practice this on your first day by heading to your muster station. Um, when you hear those practice alarms, just so everybody knows what would happen in the event that the ship had a major major major issue, you can just follow directions for your muster station. And the info for it is also in your My Disney Experience app. But we're going to leave you here because we have to pay attention. So, bye. >> Right after the mustard drill, you go to a very fun part of the cruise, which is the sail away party. >> And here's a couple of crazy guys who are about to have some fun. Oh my god. >> Yeah, >> we could never forget that you >> 3 2 1. >> Hey, we're back in the room now uh to unpack, which is boring. and we love it. >> So, we'll see you for the next fun thing we do. Um, because this is boring. So, see you in a second, I guess. >> We love watching them. >> We love watching them back. Let us see them back. Let us >> No, you guys stop. >> This video can't be 3 hours long. >> Please. >> Please. I told you next time you saw us, we'd be doing something fun. We are at dinner at Animator's Pallet. This is one of my favorite Disney cruise restaurants cuz one, the food's good, and two, it's so cute. So, this version of Animator's Palette is a bunch of paint brushes and like film reels, and it's all supposed to be about the art of animation. >> Also, you can really feel the ship moving. >> Yeah, we said hello. >> Hello. >> All right, we finished our dinner at Animator's Palace. It was music's getting so loud. So, we have about What's that? >> Just shy of an hour. just shy of an hour to uh before our show, which tonight is a little loud. Unfortunately, we can't show you the show because you can't film the shows, but we'll show you what the inside of the theater looks like. There's Joy, right? >> All right, we just finished watching Aladdin. We're going to play our full thoughts. We're going to do it in the room cuz there's very loud music out and about. >> So, there's music. >> Yes. And it is now, just you're aware of the time, 9:52, but there's still a lot of fun going on in the room. Are we going to go do any activities this time? >> Yes. In our room. >> Yes. You scared me. All right. Showing you a bit of turnown service before we talk about Aladdin. We got to push this card in to get our lights to turn on. How did you do that? You were just right behind me. >> Um, who's this? >> Geraldine. >> Geraldine the penguin in your sunglasses. >> You'll often find a towel animal. Just a little pro tip, especially for parents out there, leave out the sunglasses. Leave out your kids stuffed animals. You might find that they are >> good stuff. >> They are incorporated and your kids will love it. I know I did when I was a kid. And as you can see, the sofa bed is ready to be slept in. And then there is the privacy curtain all out for us. But Emma and I stare deeply into each other's eyes when we sleep. We both sleep with our eyes open. Aladdin. We watched it. It's not my favorite of all of the shows across the Disney Cruise Line fleet, but I also I love Aladdin. >> Yeah, I love Still very much enjoyable. >> I love the story of Aladdin. These shows are short about an hour. So, it's a condensed version of both like the movie story and obviously the Broadway show, but incredible talent. The talent that's on these stages are like Broadway caliber. And in many in most cruises, you will have a visiting performer who's actually from Broadway. So, our Jafar, yeah, our Jafar is from Broadway who's like visiting and doing a little stint on the fantasy, which is really cool. I don't think Aladdin is the strongest show. However, I do think that Frozen is one of the strongest they have, which is our next one that we will see. >> I haven't seen it either. This >> You haven't seen it? No, I don't think I have. I will say even if it's not the strongest show, I'm always going to be a big proponent of going to see the live entertainment every night. Live entertainment is important and also so much fun. The kids were loving this show. I actually get really irritated in these shows sometimes because uh the audience doesn't quite treat them like a true theater show and not just little kids >> where yeah, everyone will kind of talk through it and stuff, but I actually felt like the kids were a lot more focused on this one. So, I think this one was a really great one for kids. Tonight we're in the room. Um there's a lot of fun stuff going on on the ship. There's some adults only like game show things going on. There's family karaoke tonight, live music, the bars are all open. Um, it is past 10, so for a lot of folks, I think that's going to be past bedtime anyway. That is totally okay. You know, you can also pick one night that's your stay up late night. We have a really early morning tomorrow. We are headed to one of Disney's private destinations, Lookout Key on Lighthouse Point on Ala in the Bahamas. So, that's in two days. Yeah. Tomorrow at sea, >> which rhymes the Lookout Key. And that's why I was confused. >> Yeah. No, you did. You nailed it. >> Yeah. It's still an early morning. >> It's a very early morning. We are having early warnings throughout the entire >> for some reason. Um like so we're having breakfast with a really dear friend of ours, >> Woody the cowboy, >> who you may or may not be part of his gang. >> Yeah. Um and he likes to eat at 8 a.m. So that's So we're also going to go eat at 8 a.m. So which is amazing and I'm super excited about it. It also means I don't want to stay up late despite the fact that we just watched Aladdin on the stage. We're now going to watch Aladdin in the room because which is something you can do actually. You should see this >> movies. >> So, people a lot of times say in the Disney parks that they wish you could stream Disney movies on the TV. Uh, you can do that on Disney Cruise Line. It's free. >> They're just included. So, now we're watching Aladdin. >> Go. >> Let's go. >> Good night. >> Hey, do a fun transition into tomorrow. >> It's Pixar day at sea. >> Really scared. >> Double A, by the way. alien. >> All right. Well, we got some friends to meet this morning. I I've gone very light wilderness explorer. Um, >> and I've gone pure alien. >> Pure alien. We are going to breakfast real quick before we can meet >> real quick as in like grab and go >> as in we got ready for too long. So, we're just going to >> go just get a coffee and free pastry from Code. Yeah, we did make a decision um because we are going to run and grab some photos of the teen club because it has an open house. Is that we're actually going to the tween club. Uh there are open houses. >> Of course we're going to the teen club. >> I would like two hash browns also. >> Okay. And anything else? >> Um a sausage link. And here you'll see a healthy balanced breakfast. >> This is not how you should cruise by the way. >> Hello my friends. How are you? >> Hello. Good. >> Lovely to meet you my friend. You securely little device here. >> Yeah, we we've used this to show you guys to our friends who wanted to come see you and they can't be here. >> My little gadget inside my eye, doesn't it? >> It does, darling. >> Yeah, it looks like something you could build into a suit, but way more fashionable if you did it. Yeah, >> but I like that it's accessible, darling. It's a little portable thing. But tell your friends we said hello. You were here. I would get to >> to work on your super suits, of course. Just no cap. >> We need no capes. She was bragging about how she's just so she's just so full for her two hash browns. I'm like, "Yeah, me too. >> I just don't need to eat anymore." >> Okay, we are back at Cove Cafe. Shocking to finish our breakfast. >> Um, we have fruit and similar to the pasta brettes. Mine is gone. This is pastries. >> We found out you they are free. >> We confirmed they are free. So you these are included like just as any all-inclusive item and then it's just the coffees that are up charge. Um unless you get like plain black coffee. So we got once again salted caramel coconut ice lattes. We're going to get them every day. >> Really wish I could remember what we're celebrating here. Uh >> oh. Hi Dory. >> I have never been on a cruise that has something like that. It's like it's very cute. So like periodically like >> 10:30. >> Yeah, it's probably on the hour on the 30 would be my guess. I think that was about an hour ago. There's like a character announcement and they don't say anything of value. They just come and be a little silly. No. >> For 10 seconds and then they're gone. I love it. Uh anyone can cook ratatouille begins in 15 minutes. >> What is that? >> It said anyone can cook culinary series in D lounge. >> My drum roll. Was the Why were you jumbling after I said what we were doing? >> I didn't know how to respond. >> If you're all ready to have a totally awesome time, raise your fins real high and say, "Dude, >> dude." >> We are at the reason to get on the Disney cruise and that's the Jack Jacks Baby Dash. It's a baby race where they race crawling babies. >> This is amazing >> and a lot of people come to watch. Go go go go go go. >> Oh my gosh. >> Everybody, >> we're on the pool deck for a very quick lunch now. Um, we got some of the Pixar Dancy specials because they have special food items. Uh Emma is holding the Jack Mega Cheeseburger. It's pretty cool. Theoretically, you could put this together on your own on any day uh by getting mac and cheese and a burger and then making it yourself. I got the Slinky Dog. It's a foot long hot dog and I like impulse put the taco toppings on it after I put on ketchup and mustard. >> Oh my god. >> I know. It was really a wild choice of me. So, we'll see how that goes. We're just about to meet Rex as part of Pixar Day at Sea. Now, this is something you do need to reserve a spot for. There are a couple of experiences like that. Meet Rex is one. The Woody character breakfast that we're doing in a couple of days is one. Um, and you'll want to reserve those in advance of your cruise. The windows open up at different times depending on your castaway club level. Um, but there were available there was availability for every level. You just might want to be on top of it. >> Thank you. Hi. >> Hi, Rex. Could we take a picture just of you cuz you look so cute? Your dinosaur volcano background. Very cute. >> Very nice. Very nice. We'll take a few this way. Perfect. Thank you. Can we grab one together? >> We u missed we missed Sarge says which was something I wanted to do with the toy soldiers from Toy Story because we were meeting Rex. Um but we did catch the tail end of them walking out and Sarge was marching >> and he was saying something too. >> He was saying something. Lift rat lift back to Andy's room. I think I said we're headed now to make our own Forky which we're also late for. >> There's a little too much to do which is a good problem to have. >> It is also designed that way. >> Yeah. Let's see if we're too late. build and Forky was all full. So, we had gotten in a very long line here because in 15 minutes Mike Wazowski is coming out. Oh, how's it going? >> Hey, Mike. Love your door. Is that how you got here? Yeah, >> we all You guys both have hats on. >> Yeah, I know. We're hot twins. Well, Boo, she's scary. You want to talk about scary? You're more You're more of like a com a comedian, you know? You know? Yeah. We came back to the room to run some uploads before we go build our own Forky successfully this time. And Emma waited approximately 4 and 1/2 seconds before putting on a Muppets movie. >> Muppets Most Wanted. She's never seen it, but I keep making Constantine references. >> She's been like ch's been like chroing at the TV and she keeps pausing it to explain the jokes to me. >> She's not listening. She's not watching. >> All right, we've made it to the build forky. There have been two of these today. One was uh all ages and the other one was adults only. I got to say the adults only was a smaller space, but it was also very very full. >> The first thing I heard was a mom directly behind us saying, "I don't even know what Forky looks like." With like a real desperation in her voice, and then immediately after, I heard a separate family, a little child go, "He's perfect." which by the way is about to be what both of us are like because Emma gets really crazy about crafts. >> I do and I've never seen Toy Story 4. >> I've never seen Toy Story 4. >> I refuse. >> Oh, you refuse? We should watch it tonight. >> I mean, I guess I will to watch the fifth one now, but I have no desire to watch it. >> Equal. >> Yours doesn't have a sword. >> Yeah, but he looks just like the movie. I wouldn't know. >> We've dropped our Forkies off safe and sound in the room. And now we're going to go become wilderness explorers with this. This is wilderness explorers ship shape adventure and basically it is a scavenger hunt all around the ship. It's got a little map and you find these things. You learn about all these different wilderness activities and then you get to figure out what this word spells. We have found one. We've got the letter A. And the award, the badge ceremony for the new wilderness explorers is in 12 minutes. I think we can do it. I think we're going to have to copy off of somebody. >> I think that's that was wrong about the merit. That's not in the merit of wilderness explorer. Emma, >> never said it was. >> I think we can go to deck five, get all the deck five ones, and then maybe figure out what the word was going to be. >> So, we're not going to show the whole scavenger hunt because we don't want to spoil it. >> Yeah. But there is uh the these are what the decals look like around the ship. This one says team up with others. And it tells us a lot about teaming up and how to keep the ocean ship shape doing so. And then it will tell us that T is our letter for this sticker. That's how we're going to get a letter. We're going to finish our scavenger hunts and then head to go get our wilderness explorer badges. I guess if we >> if we're lucky enough. Yeah. The wilderness will be explored. This is like Spock. I can't remember his hand. >> It's probably a W. All right, we are back at Animator's Pallet for dinner tonight, but this time it is a Pixar dinner. No matter where you dine, you will get a Pixar dinner on Pixar Day at Sea. The same thing is true for Pirate Night. It's also up there's a pirate night dinner that you'll get. Um, so even though we're at the same restaurant two days in a row, we have a completely different menu. Um, Emma, as you can see, is manhandling some onion bread. It's a green onion uh it's a green onion bread that does also have an onion spread as well as regular butter on the side. And that's just a little teaser. Lots of fun tonight. So, we're going to blaze through dinner. We've now made it to Sylon Parade with Edna Mode, which is a fashion show of all these folks in their Pixar outfits with none other than Edna Mode herself. Wallally. >> Oh my god. Wall-E towel. >> Wall-ally towel. Wall-E. >> Wall-E. We love this guy. >> All right, we have arrived at our activity. >> Extra extra crimes at sea. >> There's crimes at sea. >> There's crimes at sea. >> There's crimes at sea. But luckily, we're detectives. So, here we are at Midship. Um, there are places to sign up for this on deck two by Enchanted Garden and also deck five. Um, and it says touch to begin which I'm doing. >> Which case would you like to solve? >> You know which case? >> Please choose one now. >> The case of the stolen show. The Muppets one. It is the hardest. >> Yeah. >> Milky mouse is out to lunch. >> Someone has taken all our props and we can't perform the show without them. >> Okay, folks. The detective trainer Susan will now explain how to help Susan. >> To use it, you will need to face the black and white pattern towards the center of the screen. >> You're not really standing as sassy as she is. I think that's the problem. >> See? >> Now, move your badge until it matches. >> Good job. >> We've got the crime scene map here. >> On this side, it's got all of our suspects, which is >> all the muppets. Broken clock. Broken Kermit clock. Time to get a new clock means we know the time that the crime took place. >> Emma's doing her best to suck Beaker's words into the babble decoder. >> Come on. >> I found this note by the trunk at >> 2:00 road. >> Okay, we're not going to film the rest cuz we don't want to spoil it. If you are going to play spoil it, but we are going to finish it. >> But we are going to finish it cuz we are really excited to play this. We never have time to do this and we're having so much fun. >> I've never had anxiety. She's wearing a team anxiety sweatshirt that you can buy at the Allar store. Emma, show it off. >> You guys behind my merch. >> Move for all your stuff. >> I mean, that one's really your merch. >> We have tons of really cool fun Disney merch and all's merch on the merch store and it's super cool and cute and you can buy it right now. We are coming up on the anyone can cook seminar which is part of Pixar day at sea and it is a literal cooking seminar where they are teaching ratatouille and you actually get to have some and eat it and learn to make it. Now before we sail on you have to grab our free guide Disney cruise secrets insiders never tell first timers. If you want to step aboard armed with the shortcuts, power moves and ship intel that take your cruise from fun to next level legendary. This is the guide you need. Just scan the QR code on your screen or head to allers.net/perfect cruise and get the insider edge before you even hit the gang way. Now back to the video. Okay. Good morning. >> Giving my Swedish boy. >> She wants to do that and I don't know what it is. >> I don't know what that is. Um >> the Gen Z kids will get it. We slept >> so good. >> It was great. >> Clearly, >> um, woke up this morning to a little bit of room service coming in, which the room service that Oh, we also got room service last night. >> Yep. >> We had a little double room service scenario between the hours of midnight and 7:00 a.m. Um, >> woo, spoiled. >> Yeah, but we got uh we just got like the the room service is pretty basic. Uh, but it's all like it's included in your cruise, so I don't mind that it's basic. Uh this morning we had bowls of fruit and I had an English muffin with some jam. >> We had some coffee. She had loops. >> Yeah, it was great. And then we went to Cove Cafe. >> Oh no. >> We got our coffees. Hey, horrible news. Christopher wasn't there. >> Christopher wasn't there. Um we're assuming he's probably getting the island ready. >> Yeah, he's probably >> a lot of times they have a leader at each in the morning and at night the opening and closing of the islands. And he is a leader of men. So even if he's not a leader within cast members, I would assume that they need him everywhere. >> Yes, I I would salute Christopher personally. So um but we are getting ready. We're waiting for them basically to do the like all call that it's a all a shore and then we can head on to lookout lighthouse point. This is the first of two island destinations that are private to Disney that we'll be going to. This is not a full private island. It is a private section of an island. We're really excited to get over there and see it and hang out. Uh we're going to be filming a full guide to both of the ports of call that will be coming to the channel soon. Um and hopefully we're going to have a little time to also hang out and enjoy the beach. >> Yeah, we really want to. We would love to. We're really hyping it up. >> So if you if you see like a little time warp in this video where like a couple hours are lost, it's because Emma and I are a full sprint trying to film this guide for you guys so that we can also for this video experience the actual guest experience on Lookout Key. So that's the goal. First update, we just finished the pier from >> finished the pier. >> The ship >> and it's not a bad walk at all. >> It really It does feel long. >> You look back and go, I just walked all that. >> Yeah, it's only about 10 minutes. There were people stopping and looking at sea turtles in the water like as we're going like, you know, >> it's really not. >> It's pleasant. It's just It is long, but I'm already over it cuz we got off and they handed us these ice cold cucumber scented towels. >> Cool. Like they are cold. >> They're they're ice cold. They came out of a cooler and they on a platter handed them to us and I'll tell you >> this is working for me. >> This is really something for me. Also, a little boy came over and he goes, "Why would you need that?" >> I looked up. He was on his dad's shoulder. >> He said, "I'm not even home." >> He wouldn't even get it. He wouldn't get >> on his dad's shoulder get it. >> We have made it to Alra. We've gone baby mode. >> Gone baby mode, >> which is um what we must do cuz we're the palest people on this beach. >> And I don't want my scalp to burn. >> Yeah. And I don't want anything to burn. We're covered in sunscreen. It took us 30 minutes to apply sunscreen here. >> That's not a That's not an exaggeration. >> It took us 35. >> Um, but we have made our first stop which is to pick up some drinks. We are next going to head and check out one of the little celebrations which is happening any minute now. All right, this is a Disney fun in the sun beach bash. It has Chip and Dale. It has Pluto. It has Goofy. AND IT IS SO MUCH FUN. The kids are having A BLAST. I LOVE IT HERE. MY KID Baby Ray. Okay, we have made our way over to one of the biggest entertainment options here on Lookout Key and this is going to be Junkanoo. Now, Junkanu is really, really fun. It's super cultural and they actually have people from the island come and lead the celebrations and you can be a part of it, too. If you want to come a little bit earlier and make your own Junkanoo hat, bedazzle it, and it's quite literally in the name, you're making your junk into something new, which is really fun and a fun way to celebrate. JUNKO JUNGOO. >> JUNGOO. WOO. We love the January parade. >> It's so cute. >> Hands down, don't miss it. I don't think enough people get up from the beach to go see it. But it's another of those things where it's like this is the this is the culture of the place that you're visiting. So, you absolutely want to see it. Learn a bit about the place. Uh, it is. They're such an incredibly talented band. The dancers are so awesome. >> Live entertainment is very important. >> Absolutely. The junk. Yeah, Mickey were there. One of the dancers had this incredible flamingo outfit where she looks like a flamingo fairy. I was obsessed with her. >> She's so good. And they play a lot of Disney songs as well, which is really fun and unique. >> Yes. And what's super fun is check this out. You are invited. We wanted to come talk about it. It's real noisy over there, but you are invited to join the parade yourself and follow the Junkanoo celebration around the island. And if you made your own Junkanoo headdress, you are literally a Junkadoo performer. You get to follow the parade. Now it's time for lunch. Um, we are spending our morning doing all of our activities and then our afternoon we're going to do all of our relaxing, which is a great way to do it because that'll tire you out. Then you can rest and then go back to the ship. And also, you can also spend the whole day doing activities. You can spend the whole day relaxing. It's choose your own adventure. We did it sitting on the beach. >> We're back from the island. Good morning. >> We slept for a while. >> Yeah, we did take a little nap when we got back. Uh we were exhausted. Being out in the sun will really take it out of you. We were very active. We did get a nice chilling time on the beach at the end, which is great. Um but now it is dinner time already. Um, so something we haven't talked about yet is sort of how the dinner times work on a Disney cruise. You've probably noticed there is something called rotational dining. In each night of your cruise, you'll be at one of the three restaurants on board that are included in rotational dining. Uh, on this ship that is Animator's Pallet, which we have been at twice. We now have two nights at Enchanted Garden, and our final night will be at Royal Court, although we might be skipping out on that one. You'll see why. And when you're booking your cruise, you can make a selection for the early dining time or the late dining time. And then I very much prefer the early dining time. When we are on uh our news cruises where we're trying to get a lot done, we do opt for the later dinner because there's just so much to do that that often gives us what it feels like a little bit more time in the day. You're not guaranteed your preference of dinner time, though. Just be prepared to kind of adjust your other meal times, uh like a later lunch to accommodate a later dinner. We are headed to our second restaurant of the cruise though, Enchanted Garden. This one is themed. It's kind of obvious to an enchanted garden. It is a beautiful restaurant. I know you're viv. Um has a gorgeous centerpiece fountain. I think it kind of has green princessy courtyard fairy vibes. Um but nothing specific. We've learned that this restaurant is inspired by the gardens of Versailles. And also, we knew this. It transforms while you eat. These light fixtures are going to bloom and transform the restaurant into night. Yeah. And we are back at the midship detective agency. >> So this one says confidential. This one says confidential. This one's top secret. >> Ooh, top secret sounds exciting. >> No problem. Check out our new detectives. >> That does. >> I thought I was like, did he poop? But I see that's how they made the tail. All right, we have paused our Midship Detective Agency game. It's literally still in my hands because >> we came straight >> showtime and we actually wanted to get good seats this time. So, we came uh we got down to go to Preludes and get ourselves some provisions for the show 30 minutes in advance of the show and then we sat 20 minutes in advance. And the theater, as you can see, is already starting to get pretty full. And a lot of the seats that are open near us are saved. And also, uh, saving seats technically is not allowed. It does happen a lot. So, just something to be aware of. Technically, there's rules against it and technically they're not enforced. Once again, we cannot film this show once it starts, but we are seeing Disney Believe. This is an original show developed for the cruise line. It is my favorite of their original stories. Um, it basically tells the story of a father who's a little too busy to play magic with his daughter. work in two months. >> He's on his garden. He's and he still loves her and it's great. It's just he's a little too busy to play and believe in magic with her and he gets taken on a journey with a lot of your favorite characters to remember to believe in magic again. I'm going to cry thinking about the story and it hasn't even started yet. I love this show so much. We just watched our We cried our eyes out like an embarrassing amount. It was loud. It was sniffling. >> The snippling was loud. The It is so good. >> It's so good. Every time she said it was so funny. we got up. She was like, "You remember this good?" And then you watch, you're like, "Oh, actually, this is great." Least standing ovation. I love this show and I love my dad. I ALSO LOVE MY DAD. I love my dad. >> We're back on our midship detective agency garage. Is there stuff going on in the adults only area of the ship? >> Yes. >> Are we playing the midship detective agency? >> Yes. >> We solved the mystery. We're in a glass door elevator. There's Genie. >> Oh, yeah. We did solve the mystery. >> Uh here's our ice cream cones. >> Mango. Mango this time. >> This is my first of the ship. >> We thought about going to Sweet on You, which is a specialty ice cream place, but then we realized it was closing in 2 minutes and we didn't want to be that guy. Remember the other day when I told you we were going to breakfast with Woody and then that was a lie. >> Well, it's cuz it's tomorrow. >> It's cuz it's tomorrow and I can't read. So, we'll be up bright and early. Emma, would you hit him with a cool transition? >> Don't do the same thing you did last time. >> Good morning. We're going to We're about to go to Woody's. >> I think that's it. >> Hey, howdy. Hey. Good morning. We are at the Woody's round of breakfast as you can hear. Oh my gosh, >> IT'S WOODY. BULLSEYE. >> THIS is the character breakfast for Pixar Dy. Bullseye is here. >> It's a character breakfast with Woody, Jesse, and Bullseye. You do have to book it in advance. It is very, very popular. It did book up. So, make sure to get right on that as soon as you're able to book for Pixar DNC only. And character breakfast on the cruise kind of rare, hard to find. So, this is awesome. Woody and Jesse and Bullseye are here. And there are two cowg girls who are honestly shouting. >> They're getting everybody in the hey howdy hey mood. She came over to my pet. >> She pet the our camera and said, "Hello, small animal." And then she just kept walking. It >> was good stuff. >> It was incredible. We came back to the room. And we were like, "Okay, we'll get, you know, we'll sit down for a second. We'll get our heads together. We'll decide what we're going to do." And we got to the room. P, our hallway attendant, was was like servicing the room. >> We actually had this experience separately and then found each other in the hallway realizing we had both almost walked in while she was servicing the room. >> So, we were like, "Okay, what are we going to do? We need to find some place to sit down. >> We got to go sit. Let's just go sit and give her a minute. >> Let's just go sit." So, we were like, "Maybe the atrium. We could go to Cove." We went to Cove. I got a coffee for the day. >> So packed. >> Yep. It was great. And then um we were like well it's so busy there's like other stairs. It's cold outside so maybe we could just go downstairs. So we go to the elevator bay which is right next to Sensa Spa >> and you know we were curious. We wanted to ask about a day pass anyways. So we like well we'll just go see if >> let's go see. And there were day passes available. So we got day passes to the spa. So now we're in our bathing suits and we will be uh experiencing the spa a bit. We don't have a ton of time to do this. We've got a lot more fun to do today. Some more coverage of the ship. But we are going to sit in some of their heated louners. It's my favorite. >> I may get in a sauna if I'm chilly and then we're going to be back to to ship fun. But this is something that's adults only. Um you can do it while your kids are in the Oceaners Club. Um it is $39 for a day pass which is relatively reasonable. >> I think super reasonable is if you have a few hours to spend. If you can only go for an hour or two, maybe not the best use of your 40, but that's up to you. And also they do offer full passes for your sailing if you want to go a little multi-day. I think you can do not all the days of your sailing, but you can get two or three days and then each day would be discounted for your day pass. Um, and there's of course all sorts of spa treatments with massages and stuff you can add. Um, and >> you need your toenails painted. There's a lot. There's a variety. >> A lot you can do. They have all sorts of different spa treatments. Um, and like add-ons, so you can do whatever you want, but we have spa passes. That's what these green armbands are for. >> Um, and so we're going to go >> hand them to us and goes, "Your Rolex for the day." >> Yeah, you're right, ma'am. This is my Rolex. >> This is my Rolex for the day. So, we're going to hang out in there for a little bit until we probably grab some lunch maybe at Ramon's Cantina, >> maybe. We'll see. >> Which is Yeah, we'll see. We have a very fun This is kind of our adult center day. And then tomorrow's kind of our kids center day. >> Yeah. >> So, big stuff coming. >> Big stuff coming. >> Hello. We are done at the spa and wish him wasn't. It's so good. I took a great nap. Emma laid in a heated lounger the entire time >> like a lizard and I tried all four rainforest showers and all three saunas. And then I took a regular shower. In the regular shower, there's actually a secret fit sauna cuz there's a a gentle steam room in the women's locker room. There's one in the men's as well. I didn't go in. I was the best. >> I just hold. Um but uh so we had very different spots. We did both very happy. >> We were both very happy. Oh, we went to lunch. We did go to lunch >> which was great. We tried the new Ramon's Cantina which we've had on other ships but is new to the Disney fantasy after its recent dry dock. And you can hear about in the food video. >> Yes. Um and then we decided to well not decided we were supposed to have a martini tasting which we were both so excited so excited about. The ship actually had an itinerary change while we were on it. Today there's been a massive cold front and because of the winds they expecting us to not be able to get into Casway Key this morning. We were supposed to be on Castway Ki today. Um it is 60° right now in the Bahamas with very high winds but just it's chilly with the high winds. That's it's chilly up there. So they swapped our castaway key day with our at sea day today and tomorrow. So they basically just full swapped the itineraries, but that some things got a little wonky. So our martini tasting moved from today to tomorrow. >> Yeah, it moved with Casa Key, but it was not accurately represented in the app. So now we can't make our martini tasting work with our schedule with some of the stuff we have. We're going to have media cancel it. We've been very sad. So I did get a consolation martini. Yeah. And I got lemon jellies, which is like a martini but not >> not at all. >> Aoy mie. We're at dinner. Pirate night dinner. I'd show you the menu to indicate that, but we already ordered and they took it away. Uh there is a special menu. Another special menu. Special menu number two. I know what you're thinking. Didn't you guys have a drink here last night? The answer is yes. We did Animator Salad, Animator Pallet, and Enchanted Garden. Enchanted Garden. And then we won't be going to Royal Court for reasons that we will explain, but it is pirate night. So, every time you double up in a restaurant, you're going to get a different menu. On both of our double-ups have ended up with the specialty night menu. Uh, so our specialty night menu tonight is pirate nights menu. Uh, it is definitely more like seafood fair and a lot of the menu items are named after pirates Caribbean characters. So, it's fun and I I really wanted to sell the pirate scene. So, we are uh we've got this and then tonight perhaps the centerpiece of the entire trip is the pirates night deck party with fireworks at sea. Only cruise line have fireworks at sea and we will be seeing them tonight. All right, our first pirate party of the night. >> We did have to abandon the pirate fits. Yeah, it was 60° when I looked earlier. Um and it's really really really really gusty windy up top. So, that's not super cold, but it's not comfortable in a dress. We are in sweatshirts and long pants now instead of sticking to that. >> You already saw us in this outfit. No, you didn't. >> We did go to the pirate deck party with pants on under our dresses. So, we want to sit in our room and watch Descendants. That's actually really what we want to do, but we're on vacation. So, we're going to use this time wisely. And we're going to go to Oola La. We oo. We lad. We lied. >> And now we pirate firework. >> We're going to pirate firework. We also got so sleepy. >> Yeah, we're really tired. >> You guys are normally barely awake right now. >> I mean, we are really cool for being up in Adam. >> How late it is. >> Pirate time. Is that what you wanted? Heat. >> Good morning to day four. >> Good morning. Good morning. We Today is a bit of a combo day for us. Castaway Key and also the kids club day. Also, my voice is going. So, >> I've offered for you. >> I just want to push it really push the limits. We are headed to an open house this morning for media of the Oceaners Club and the Oceaners Club Lab. This is a um media tour, but open houses exist for this throughout the cruise where families can come and enjoy the spaces together. And if you've got kiddos, this is likely where they'll go and hang out. all supervised by cruise employees in the morning. So, you definitely want to see inside here, especially grab your kids. >> We also just like it rules. It's so much fun. We always go to both houses for fun. >> They should not have given this to us. >> No. >> Well done. There are a bunch of themed rooms throughout. There's Andy's room here where kids can play in a recreation of Andy's bedroom. One of our favorite parts every time is the bathrooms because they are super cute. Little stalls. >> Yeah, of course. I also love the little sinks. >> Yeah, everything's kidsized. Uh then there's also the Oceanir's lab, which is connected. It's just a kind of an extended part of the Oceaners Club. It's more of a craft space, a classroom space, table, um, and activity space. And the Oceaners Club and lab are chalk full of activities. Continuing on past the bathrooms, you're going to find one of the fun sections that kids absolutely love, and it's the Star Wars section. There's a lot of interactive things for them to do over here. You can even check out some holograms. But one of the things that I think is the coolest is you can also pilot the Millennium Falcon yourself. And there's a lot of really fun um interactive games that you can play. For my favorite personal section, you can even head into Pixie Hol. This one is very cute. This one does not have as many interactive elements as say the Star Wars one does. She's going to go pull the trigger. You go ahead and get started. We'll come back that way. We'll let her play. This is my favorite section, though. It's not as many interactive features, but this is where you're going to do a lot of your coloring, your drawing. They have two movie screens in here, so you can watch movies. And they'll also have a lot of activities like sometimes you can make bracelets, jewelry, and other different things. How's it going, honey? I said earlier it was million It's a star fighter training simulator. Sorry everybody. Miss >> shot. >> She was shot. >> Now the final room that you can find here in the Oceaners Club is going to be Superhero Academy. It's themed to Marvel, specifically Doctor Strange. And there is a lot of fun in here as well. You can actually learn the different writings that you can find in his books. They obviously also play movies and different things. You can find nods to the films like Ant-Man's mask. There's also Black Panther's mask. There's some very cool stuff in here. You can see his books here on the wall, his magic spell books. I've not spent enough time in here. These change, which is very, very cool. It's different sanctums throughout the world, I'm assuming. And these are the doors to them. And this moves. They move. But I don't know if you can change the door, but you can press buttons, which very cool. Very fun. Oh, I changed it. I did it. I did it. All right. Now, before we head to breakfast, we have popped into the other side of the Oceaners club. This is the Oceaners lab. And there are some more spaces over here that kids can enjoy. We have this little pirates cove room, little pirate themed craft room. There is another magic play floor in here. Also, these are newly updated magic clay floors from the last time that I was on this ship a few years ago. They look really great, really crisp, and they're super reactive to kids. Do you think Emma will stop me from coloring? >> No. Put it down. >> Put it down. We're going to breakfast. I cannot believe it. This is a real life parent child simulation. This could be you. The next space after the coloring space, there is another little kiddo bathroom. This one's pirate themed. I think this is so cute. They do have tiny toilets, kidsiz toilets. Very cute. Then we have the animator studio. I think this is such a cool room. Uh when I was a little kid, I really wanted to be an animator and not really little, but as a teenager. And this is awesome because this is how old school animators um handdrawn animators used to do their art was with lighted tables like this. I got to do this at an animation seminar when I was a teenager. Um but look, it's made so that for kiddos in here, they can trace and get their art like really close to what it um looks like, which is a great way to learn to draw. But for animators, what they might do is they might put the previous frame down before and then they would draw Mickey's hand just a little bit lower. Then they would put that one down and draw it a little lower so that Mickey's hands over time went like this and the fish moved. But they have their previous frame on under the lighted table so they can see where the movement needs to go and how little it needs to move for the next drawing. Emma >> can get to start. >> You going to put You have to hit the green button. We're trying to leave Castaway Key which is funny cuz we're currently at Castaway. I think I'm going to crash. I'm pretty We need to go reverse. Ports of Call Simulator. You can drive the ship. They also have an airplane one, looks like. And then we have the media lounge, which is just another little movie space. Um, basically so much fun to be had in both Oceaners Club and Lab. It used to be that they were two separate age groups in club and lab. Uh, but nowadays it is for that age group up to 10. Now, if your kids are not 3 years old yet, they can go to the It's a Small World Nursery where they will be looked after and entertained by expert Disney counselors. That is for kiddos from 6 months to 3 years old. Or if it's a longer cruise, transatlantic kawaii or Panama Canal cruise, it would be 1 to 3 years old. But they'll play games, make crafts, watch movies, nap, and the nurseries are fully outfitted, so your kiddos are safe and comfortable the whole time while you might be enjoying some other aspects of the trip. All right, we are doing cabanas for breakfast this morning. This is again the buffet. We've been here. It is churro waffle day. This whole deck smells like cinnamon sugar. Remember to listen to the cast members, especially your servers at dinner. They'll give you some hot tips, including that churro waffles are out today. Little update this morning. Big update actually. So, um, we had mentioned that they had switched the days for Castway Key because of the weather yesterday. They didn't think they would be able to get us into Castway Key safely. Um, unfortunately, despite the forecast, the winds are gusting at 20 mph and there are very strong currents at Castway K. All morning they have been trying to get the ship into into port >> and they have been trying >> the thrusters >> you felt the boat shaking >> yes they said you know we've been using our thrusters on max this morning before Em and I were like fully up the boat was shaking to the point that the mirrors were rattling because that's how high they had the thrusters on. Unfortunately, even with the thrusters on Max, them doing everything they can. These are very skilled um ship captains, they are not able to safely get the ship into port into the entrance channel for castway key today, which does mean unfortunately our castway key day is >> cancelled. Canled, >> but it's not the end of the world, but it is a possibility. So, just something to be prepared for before you come here. >> And this has happened to me before on my only cruise where I was uh that I have been on, but not for work. I was like 7 or 8 years old and all morning I kept waking up in my little bunk hearing their announcements that they were trying to get into castaway key and then eventually they did have to cancel it. Um at the time I remember being really bummed, you know, I was eight and I was so excited to go to the Disney island. Um but we had such an incredible day on board that my family still remembers it as one of our favorite vacations. I'm feeling really sad for everybody, but uh the good news is it's going to be a good day. when we just actually had a conversation for media with the cruise director and the hotel director yesterday and I asked them about pivoting when something like this happens and they said we wouldn't say it's easy. Um but basically morning of that means now they are moving everything around to get a full at sea day itinerary of dining options and activities for everybody on the ship to have a great day. So everything that was going to happen on Lookout Key, all the staff that was everything that was going to happen on Castaway Key, all the staff that was going to be on Castaway Key are now going to be on the ship today and they're all finding out right now what they're going to be doing. They called it 10 minutes ago and the P the It's 9:30 a.m. right now. The captain said that they intend to have the Aqua everything, all the slides and everything open by 10:00. It's it really sucks, but obviously safety is the priority. And this is something that you should know can and will happen, particularly if you're traveling at um worst weather times of year, hurricane season. Um and then also in the dead of winter, you can get some high winds. Um but we're going to have a fun at Sea Day today instead of heading over to Castaway Key. All right, we're now in a very busy atrium for the royal gathering. >> Royal, royal, royal. >> That's what I'm going to say to every princess we meet. >> I don't know that you should do that. >> I'm going to. But we are meeting the princesses this morning. Now, this is an included option, but it is a reservation options. This is another of those >> first day. >> This one will fill up so fast. Every single cruise I've ever been on, it has been booked almost immediately. So, if you want to do Royal Gathering, as soon as you can make those onboard reservations, reserve this. We are waiting in one short line because we have reservations. >> Three big characters >> and we're going to meet three princesses. Another thing we've noted with Castaway Key Day being cancelled, the characters are in their Castaway Key outfits. Castaway Key Daisy's already meeting in the atrium. >> Minnie was right above. >> Minnie is upstairs. So, you still get to see them in their cute castaway key outfits. We're going to be keeping a really close eye today on the other things that changed on the ship because my reporting prowess when I was eight and this happened to me last was not where it should have been. I needed to step it up. >> There's a reason we didn't hire. >> Yeah, it's a there's a reason they waited. Yeah. >> Hello. Morning. >> Good morning. How are you doing? >> Wonderful. Are you all enjoying your adventure? >> Absolutely we are. Yeah. >> Did you bring any books to read along with you? >> I'm reading Withering Heights. Um so romance and you know romance. >> A little scary though. >> Something close and I would. >> Yes. Yeah. >> And I'm Quincy. >> Quincy. Two beautiful names. Such a beautiful princess. Thank you. A lovely cruel. >> Absolutely. >> All your dreams coming true. >> Of course. That must be the work of a fairy godmother. >> Oh. Oh, I'm sure. >> She's floating around the ship somewhere. >> A lot of dreams to make come true. >> It's good to see you. >> You enjoying all of your travels so far. >> Absolutely. >> Wonderful. And how healthy we are to get to travel a whole new world together. >> I know. >> So many unbelievable sights to see. >> Yes. I have my own cat and I do not think that he would like to come. >> You think your cat would be friends with Russia, too? >> I do. I think they would really get along. Yes. He's like here. This is him. Here he's in the background. I know. >> We just had to come see you in your beach outfit. You look so cute. Yes. >> Oh, who's up there? >> Mickey. She's got him, too. >> Big Mickey fans. This is the Mickey fan club. >> Minnie, too. >> Minnie is the president. Yeah. Um, secretary, treasurer of the Mickey fan club. >> Now, there are no casinos on Disney Cruise, so no gambling, but there is a bingo where you can win money. And as you can see, an extremely long line for that. We are headed to a beverage tasting though, so that's our next stop here at Ula. Um, this is reinstated from being cancelled on our plans. Nice champagne. We have a red wine, a port wine. And this one, they designed the one people like it or people don't. So this one must be in a huge patch still distilled two times must be in Scotland must be a molted chocolate barley and water must be 100 years old. All those four elements a single mold from highlands. melt it. Then slowly drink your red oil once it's melted. Okay, we just finished the chocolate and lour tasting. I am changed. I've done it before and I told Emma it's the best tasting, but it was booked up. >> But conveniently with the shift in itineraries, it worked out that we did get to go to it. So, thank you to Disney. But we had to have a bunch of chocolates and the boards and parmesano >> and board wine and also whiskey. Yeah, it was so so fun though. I am not a connoisseur when it comes to drinking. I enjoy a good beverage, but I don't really know a lot about it. Um, so this was a lot of fun. It explained a lot of things that I've always heard, but never understood why they were a thing. Really opened my eyes to how important pairings can be, like what you're eating versus what you're drinking. And it was just a lot of fun to try things otherwise I would not have paid for or tried and I really enjoyed. Now we're going to do another upcharge offering but one that's a little more whole family geared. So I had to do sweet on you which is the upcharge sweets ice cream and gelato shop on ship. It's a soft serving cutting it. You had to sweet on you. I'm sweet on you. Good idea. >> Oh my gosh. Okay. We thought that for content it would be a good idea to get the Mickey pan sundae and I kid you not, she just kept scooping the ice cream. We thought she was done halfway. >> We kept thinking she was done and then she would go and scoop more ice cream. So, you get three different flavors and it says three scoops, but it was really more like six scoops and it came with toppings, five toppings of your choice, not counting the whipped cream, cherry, or the giant white chocolate logo. And this was $13. That is an insane deal. Um, like it's a really good deal. You get to keep the Mickey pants, which are adorable. So, this is our sundae. We got the prettiest ice creams, which also sound gross to me. We got unicorn flavor, red velvet, and cupcake. So, and our toppings were h waffle cone, gummy bears, strawberry popping pearls, Mickey sprinkles, and something else. All right. One thing that Emma and I will unfortunately not be experiencing this cruise is the aqueduct. It is very cool, but I am not doing it. And that's why Quincy can't. >> Yeah, it's a twofur only right now because of the high winds. This is my favorite Disney cruise slide by far. It's even better than any of the new Aqua Mouses. I love the slide so so much. I deeply want to do it. I even debated doing it in this weather. But I absolutely love the Aqueduct so much. It is incredible. You have to have to do it if the weather's permitting. Um I talked to some folks who were riding it yesterday in these high winds and like 50° weather and they were like, "Yeah, we're from Canada." And then and then they got back on it. I am not from Canada. So, if you're from Canada, enjoy the winter aqueduct. >> I will also say if you are cruising somewhere that is not a Disney port and you don't really care about it, that is the perfect time to ride the aqueduct or any of Disney's on board entertainment because everyone else is off the boat and I didn't care to go. My family did laps. I went to the spa. It was the best. >> Also, at at night, you can do laps on this at night. Um, but they do now have ride photos for the aqueduct. That's new. That's so cool. It's finally time for lunch. >> Yes, we did ice cream before lunch. Yes. >> Who cares? It's vacation. >> Did we tell them about this already? >> What? >> What we're about to do? >> Your people or my people? >> My people. >> I don't think so. >> I don't think we told your people either. >> Who did we just talk to? >> No, I'm not our lunch. So, we tell them about what we're going to watch on the TV. >> Oh, no. We told No. >> Okay. So, this is something we've just learned and we are pretty sure it's new. According to our one of our PRs, it's not newer. >> If nothing else, very new to us. We got our lunch to go from the pool deck. We carried it down here. You can just kind of carry food and drink around the ship. It's great. >> Incredible. >> We found out that in addition to Disney on demand, like we've talked about where you can watch movies and TV shows, they also have this whole ship video section, which has things like safety videos and the Disney Destiny christening and merchandise overviews. It also has all of the Walt Disney Theater shows from all of the ships. >> Almost all. >> I think it's all. >> Is it all? >> I can't think of a single one that's not here. >> You're right. I was thinking Moana, but she's down there. >> Moana's there. All this is I mean okay these are some of the major selling points of Disney ships and the reason you want to go on multiple of them a lot of times is to see a lot of the different shows and obviously the other bars and restaurants and stuff but the shows are really big star pieces on the newest ships are Moana and Hercules on the treasure and the destiny those shows are raved about incredible people love them you can't see them except on those ships you can't find them online except for kind of bad recordings because they aren't allowed to be recorded you can watch all of the pro shot of every show's original cast on your TV in your stateateroom, >> which is crazy. >> Absolutely wild. So, we are about to toss on our intention today is to get through >> Aladdin's not on here. >> Aladdin is not on here, but it's on the ship. >> It is, but just saying, who knows if Aladdin's on the other ship. >> It's true. And I bet it isn't cuz Frozen's also on this ship, and so is Disney, believe, but Aladdin's not on here. So, there might be a handful missing. Um, but Hercules is one of the newest. Moana is one of the newest. We are absolutely going to be watching. I would like to watch those. >> Um, and Twice Charmed is Emma and I's favorite. Have >> to watch Twice Charmed >> and we'll be watching Twice Charmed as well. Um, I also have never seen Disney sees the adventure. Now, they're each an hour and we don't exactly have four hours, but theoretically it would be cool. So, we're going to watch at least one of those four. >> Sleeping tonight. >> We're not sleeping tonight. We're staying up all night and we're watching only Walt Disney Theater shows. >> All right. >> Love is an open door. >> That's what the villain says. And for some reason, everyone sings it like it's a happy song show. >> We just watched Frozen the musical in the Walt Disney Theater. >> Yeah, it was incredible. >> We both cried. >> Incredible talent. The singing was insane. >> Incredible talent. >> The staging was insane. >> The effects on the stage, the costumes. >> Every time something happened, Quincy would like roughly grab my arm. I went I did it like multiple times. >> I kept I kept and I loved it. Emma kept going, "Oh, >> oh, oh, oh, >> because the effects were so cool." >> So good. It was staged so clever. >> I've also never seen it. Um, I've not seen the Broadway version either, even though it is on Disney Plus. >> It's so good. >> It's so good. >> It's so good. >> It's so good. It really lends itself to a stage show, honestly. >> It does. And also, caveat, we're Frozen girls. We are Frozen girlies. We cried just looking at Jennifer Lee when we got to go to the world of Frozen. >> We do love Frozen. We love Frozen. >> But now we're doing something uh with, you know, we just saw two sisters and now we're seeing two uh in spirit brothers. >> Two brothers. >> Two brothers in spirit. >> Yes. Um I asked her, "Hey, should we tell them about what we watched?" Meaning you guys. And she said, "Mike and Sully?" >> Nope. You guys, you are friends. I just forget you guys aren't physically with us. >> Our friends on the internet here. >> I forget you guys aren't experiencing this with us. Just she loves my instant. I just thought they might want to know about Frozen >> Mike. Uh oh, sorry, judge. Number three. Uh, we can't open the door without a laugh canister. >> Exactly. >> Oh, I'm meant to be an artist, aren't I? >> We are at uh another Pixar Danc offering actually. We're at open mic night where uh audience members are taken up to do comedy. >> Not not raw. They get a little script. It's actually Mad Libs that they do at the audience. Our friend Alli's up there right now. Uh, and the judges are Ros, Celia, and Mike, who's locked himself in the green room. >> We are not supposed to know who the judges are. >> Oh, right. They they've been using voice changers that are bad. Um, so it's Ros, Celia, and Mike who's locked himself in the green room. And we have to laugh enough to get a canister full to get Mike out. So, that's the goal. >> We'll do it. >> Yeah, we're good at laughing. What? >> To make themselves as >> sweaty and hairy >> as possible and collect >> strawberries >> from the human world. Their motto is we >> smell >> because we >> squat. >> Give them a round of applause. >> And presented judge number three. It's the one, the only, Mike. Woo! Everyone say hi Mike. >> And see that's Mike with one eye. >> If I didn't have I wouldn't >> our big finale. Another adults only option. It is our final night which is very sad. Um but we are finishing with a later dinner than we've had other nights. Um, we are up here on deck 12 for an adults onlyly dinner at Paulo. Now, this is an upcharge um experience, as is Remy, the other fancy restaurant. Uh, it is well worth it in my opinion. I think if you're going to splurge, it is nice to have a little adults only dinner that's a little bit fancier than that rotational dining. Brunch is an incredible price. Dinner's not a bad price. Um, and yeah, they're both kind of all inclusive once you get in there outside of alcohol. So, pretty good. But we are going to head in. We're walking past a couple adult options I'm going to talk about before we go in. The bar is Meridian. This is kind of the waiting area for if you're going to Paulo or Remy, but you can also just come up here for a drink if you want a little more sophisticated area. >> Yes, Remy is the French dining experience. This is the very upscale fine dining. Paulo, still fine dining, but a little more approachable, more Italian focused. So, we have Paulo tonight. We're very excited. >> May I? >> Yes. >> Yeah. Hit it. We're ready. Do a little hole here in the middle just to make sure the chef did a perfect and great job. >> Looks like it. >> Yes, he did. >> Vanilla cream sauce. you. >> And the last but not the least, what I do, a little touch of this is white chocolate espresso gelato. I put on top. Now I'll handle it. Won't you worry. Good morning. Good morning. >> That's really chipper. Um, it is debarcation day. The worst day of a cruise. >> Yeah. Day. >> Yeah. >> But it's not over yet. >> No, we still actually got some fun this morning. Now, there's two ways you can get off the ship. One is with the debarcation process where they will take your bags off the ship for you. >> Very nice. >> They give you luggage tags with a character on them, and then you put your bags out before 10:00 p.m. the night before. Your bags will magically go to the port and be waiting for you, so you don't have to carry them off. Um, and you just get off the ship when they announce your character. So, we had Pluto. If we were doing that, we would be able to get off when they announced Pluto. And everybody's usually off by like 9:30. >> Yeah. It's even if you're waiting, you're fine. >> It's really >> I just have a flight to catch. >> Yeah, you they do ask you to be out of your room at 8:00 a.m. We are getting breakfast this morning. It's about 6:45 right now. Um we are doing express checkout though, which means we have our bags with us. Um so our bags are going with us to breakfast. That's expected. Um and we are having a sit down breakfast which is offered on debarcation day. Uh most of the ship will be closed up that debarcation morning except for some restaurants for breakfast and some restaurants and some cafes. We're going to probably visit both of those things before getting off the ship to really maximize. Um and we're actually visiting for breakfast a restaurant we haven't been to on this cruise, which is Royal Court. Uh this is the final of the rotational dining because of our uh palo dinner last night. We skipped our royal court dinner, which is if you have an adult only dinner, probably likely that that will happen. Wasn't great that it worked out for us that we doubled up on every other restaurant. Um, but we are getting to see Royal Court now. Obviously, it will not be the dinner menu, but fun fact, it's my least favorite of the three rotationals on the ship. So, we weren't upset about we're not wasn't upset. >> Perfect. Look, the napkins are robes. >> Shut up. >> That's so cute. with their robes. So, this restaurant is themed to the princesses in royal court. So, you'll see there's art of the princesses on the walls. It's very beautiful. It's supposed to be a little fancier. That said, the food I have always found to be the least exciting of the three on this ship. Um, not for breakfast, though. Breakfast is exciting on a Disney cruise. So, that's what we're going to be kicking things off with here as we get ready to get off. All right. I have stepped out uh into the lobby because we are going to get one more specialty coffee before we get off the ship. As you can see, this is what the debarcation looks like where you have these roped off lines and you can just get in any line. It's just the line to show your key to the world card. They have to scan every individual person's key to the world card. That is how they know that you physically have gotten off the ship. Uh, so they know that if you don't, they can come find you. Oh my gosh, that girl is playing one last midship detective agency. I respect that. Shockingly, not a long line up here. Probably because it's still pretty early at 7:30. So, everybody who's up is getting off. And the folks who want to take it a little easy are probably rushing to get out of their room right now before 8:00 a.m. See you real soon. They will see us so soon because we get on a Disney cruise again in a week a week and a half. All right, Emma is headed to the airport on Disney Transportation. So, I will leave her with you, you with her to talk about that. Such a fun cruise. Remember, this was just a warm-up for Emma and I's cruise in Singapore on the adventure. So, keep your eye on the channel that is coming very soon. Uh, and we are flying all the way around the world to Singapore, then to Istanbul, then to Paris, then to Reku, then back to Orlando. So stay tuned. All that will be coming to the channel. Now, once your trip is over, which is very sad, you do unfortunately have to get home. Quincy's driving home, you can Uber home and you can also, if you're headed to the airport, book Disney Transportation. That is what I did. Now, it was $45 for my particular sailing. I believe it is typically that number, but it can fluctuate depending on whatever factors Disney wants it to depend on. But this was the easiest thing I've ever done and I was really really glad I ended up doing it. And we'll probably do it every time we take a cruise from now on. What I ended up doing is I decided after we got on the boat that this is something I wanted to do rather than Ubering. And all I had to do was go to guest services. They added this little PA to my um key to the world card, which means port to airport. Um, and I hopped on the bus. It took all of two minutes. I walked outside. I turned to the left as we were leaving the port and they said, "You going to the airport?" I said, "Yes, I am." They said, "Come this way. Follow the red line." And then I followed the red line. She goes, "How many with you?" I said, "One." She goes, "Great. Get on this bus." And we left immediately. I literally Quincy asked me to film this section. And I had to tell her we were already leaving because it went so quickly. It was a super easy process. It is $45 per person. So, I did just have to pay for me. And if you're with your family, it might not make as much sense as getting a large Uber or something like that, but this frankly was the same amount of that a Uber probably would have been. It was an hour. It was on one of those classic Disney buses. It was kind of the closest thing to the Magical Express that you can get these days. So, I did appreciate that. Um, I also think that it's a pretty tight bus, so I had to sit with a stranger. Not the end of the world to me. She was very kind. Um, but if that's something that you're not about, maybe it's not for you. It was so quick and so seamless, though, and they brought us as close to the airport as you can get. And now I'm here, and it it took no time, and I thought nothing about it. I also didn't have to wait an Uber. They did tell me that shuttles come every 10 to 15 minutes, but once I first um disembarked, there were so many there that most families were not waiting at all. They take your bags for you, they put them under the bus, and then once you get off the bus, the your bags are just sitting there, so you also don't have to haul them in and out of the car. Overall, this was a much better deal for me than just grabbing an Uber. It was seamless, but I will say they did not play Mickey cartoons on the TVs, which I expected. It made me kind of sad. So, if you're going for the Mickey cartoons, don't know that they're going to play them. Well, there you have it. We're headed home. And that was the whole cruise. It was so much fun. If you made it this far, go ahead and drop this secret code in the comments so we know that you made it here. And stick around for more tips, tricks, cruise videos, and theme park videos from Disney and beyond. Why? Because we are very serious about fun. Happy cruising.
