---
video_id: jkRwAol5ILU
channel: AllEars.net
title: "A Perfect Afternoon in Disney's Hollywood Studios — Rate My Trip!"
published: 2026-01-09
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jkRwAol5ILU
---
How do you have the perfect afternoon in How do you have the perfect afternoon in How do you have the perfect afternoon in Hollywood Studios? We gave it our best Hollywood Studios? We gave it our best Hollywood Studios? We gave it our best shot. Get ready to rate my trip. shot. Get ready to rate my trip. shot. Get ready to rate my trip. &gt;&gt; Battle is beginning. I'm trying to have &gt;&gt; Battle is beginning. I'm trying to have &gt;&gt; Battle is beginning. I'm trying to have the best afternoon at Hollywood Studios the best afternoon at Hollywood Studios the best afternoon at Hollywood Studios and I am so excited. Lots of things are and I am so excited. Lots of things are and I am so excited. Lots of things are going on today. We have our multipass going on today. We have our multipass going on today. We have our multipass lighting lanes lined up, which we'll lighting lanes lined up, which we'll lighting lanes lined up, which we'll talk a little bit more about later. But talk a little bit more about later. But talk a little bit more about later. But it is 1:00. We're doing this for four it is 1:00. We're doing this for four it is 1:00. We're doing this for four hours from 1 PM to 5:00 pm. And I'm hours from 1 PM to 5:00 pm. And I'm hours from 1 PM to 5:00 pm. And I'm starting the day off with something I've starting the day off with something I've starting the day off with something I've never done and with a very familiar face never done and with a very familiar face never done and with a very familiar face that I am so excited to see. Honestly, that I am so excited to see. Honestly, that I am so excited to see. Honestly, I'm feeling the urge. Might cry a I'm feeling the urge. Might cry a I'm feeling the urge. Might cry a little. So, let's go get it started with little. So, let's go get it started with little. So, let's go get it started with something that maybe is not on something that maybe is not on something that maybe is not on everyone's top priority list, but it everyone's top priority list, but it everyone's top priority list, but it should be somewhere on your priority should be somewhere on your priority should be somewhere on your priority list. Okay, we are starting on Sunset list. Okay, we are starting on Sunset list. Okay, we are starting on Sunset Boulevard, but we are cutting left. Not Boulevard, but we are cutting left. Not Boulevard, but we are cutting left. Not for Rock and Roller Coaster, although for Rock and Roller Coaster, although for Rock and Roller Coaster, although hopefully we will get to do that later hopefully we will get to do that later hopefully we will get to do that later in our little 4hour time span. Um, no, in our little 4hour time span. Um, no, in our little 4hour time span. Um, no, we are actually going to start with one we are actually going to start with one we are actually going to start with one of the newer shows in Hollywood Studios. of the newer shows in Hollywood Studios. of the newer shows in Hollywood Studios. It opened in May. This is the first time It opened in May. This is the first time It opened in May. This is the first time I'm doing it. It is the Disney Villains I'm doing it. It is the Disney Villains I'm doing it. It is the Disney Villains Unhappily Ever After show, and I have Unhappily Ever After show, and I have Unhappily Ever After show, and I have been here I've been to the park multiple been here I've been to the park multiple been here I've been to the park multiple times since it opened. However, I have times since it opened. However, I have times since it opened. However, I have not done it because sometimes Captain not done it because sometimes Captain not done it because sometimes Captain Hook looks a little familiar. If you Hook looks a little familiar. If you Hook looks a little familiar. If you don't know, we might know one of his don't know, we might know one of his don't know, we might know one of his friends. And one of Hook's friends is friends. And one of Hook's friends is friends. And one of Hook's friends is one of my best friends. And so I have one of my best friends. And so I have one of my best friends. And so I have been waiting for that Hook. Today is the been waiting for that Hook. Today is the been waiting for that Hook. Today is the day, pals. Hopefully, if we can get in day, pals. Hopefully, if we can get in day, pals. Hopefully, if we can get in to this 110 show, we are going to see to this 110 show, we are going to see to this 110 show, we are going to see the old Sage Starky. And that's why I the old Sage Starky. And that's why I the old Sage Starky. And that's why I think I might cry. Very proud of my think I might cry. Very proud of my think I might cry. Very proud of my friend. Very excited to watch. and I friend. Very excited to watch. and I friend. Very excited to watch. and I have waited to watch because it did not have waited to watch because it did not have waited to watch because it did not make any sense in my heart unless it was make any sense in my heart unless it was make any sense in my heart unless it was him. So, we're on our way now. Fingers him. So, we're on our way now. Fingers him. So, we're on our way now. Fingers crossed we make it in. I think we will, crossed we make it in. I think we will, crossed we make it in. I think we will, but it's looking pretty full. We but it's looking pretty full. We but it's looking pretty full. We couldn't start till 1, so that's why I'm couldn't start till 1, so that's why I'm couldn't start till 1, so that's why I'm nervous, but we'll do our best. The nervous, but we'll do our best. The nervous, but we'll do our best. The Villains Unfairly Ever After show Villains Unfairly Ever After show Villains Unfairly Ever After show features Killville, Captain Hook, and features Killville, Captain Hook, and features Killville, Captain Hook, and Maleficent all retelling their story, Maleficent all retelling their story, Maleficent all retelling their story, how they kind of got the short end of how they kind of got the short end of how they kind of got the short end of the stick. their their stories were told the stick. their their stories were told the stick. their their stories were told unfairly and they are here to see who unfairly and they are here to see who unfairly and they are here to see who had the most unfair version of the had the most unfair version of the had the most unfair version of the story. Okay, we're going in. I'm so story. Okay, we're going in. I'm so story. Okay, we're going in. I'm so excited. Oh, I'm so excited. So, one fun excited. Oh, I'm so excited. So, one fun excited. Oh, I'm so excited. So, one fun thing about this show is each person in thing about this show is each person in thing about this show is each person in the audience kind of gets to help the audience kind of gets to help the audience kind of gets to help determine who did give the worst worst determine who did give the worst worst determine who did give the worst worst retelling of their story and they get to retelling of their story and they get to retelling of their story and they get to vote and each show ends in a little bit vote and each show ends in a little bit vote and each show ends in a little bit of a different way. I'm hoping Hook of a different way. I'm hoping Hook of a different way. I'm hoping Hook wins. So, if you guys are in the wins. So, if you guys are in the wins. So, if you guys are in the audience right now, just go crazy. Even audience right now, just go crazy. Even audience right now, just go crazy. Even if you're not, go crazy at home. Sure, if you're not, go crazy at home. Sure, if you're not, go crazy at home. Sure, this is like a little bit after that. Go this is like a little bit after that. Go this is like a little bit after that. Go crazy. Go crazy, you guys. I will say crazy. Go crazy, you guys. I will say crazy. Go crazy, you guys. I will say knowing what Lightning McQueen looked knowing what Lightning McQueen looked knowing what Lightning McQueen looked like. This is wild. How much it's like like. This is wild. How much it's like like. This is wild. How much it's like this is so impressive. The seats are so this is so impressive. The seats are so this is so impressive. The seats are so nice. We got clothes, but not too close. nice. We got clothes, but not too close. nice. We got clothes, but not too close. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; I'm in Hollywood Studios playing against &gt;&gt; I'm in Hollywood Studios playing against &gt;&gt; I'm in Hollywood Studios playing against Emma for your affection. That's a losing Emma for your affection. That's a losing Emma for your affection. That's a losing game. Sunset Boulevard is a hot little game. Sunset Boulevard is a hot little game. Sunset Boulevard is a hot little thoroughfare for thrill rides. Two of thoroughfare for thrill rides. Two of thoroughfare for thrill rides. Two of them at the end. Hollywood Tower of them at the end. Hollywood Tower of them at the end. Hollywood Tower of Terror is right in front of us. I just Terror is right in front of us. I just Terror is right in front of us. I just checked the posted wait on the My Disney checked the posted wait on the My Disney checked the posted wait on the My Disney Experience app. It says 45 minutes. It's Experience app. It says 45 minutes. It's Experience app. It says 45 minutes. It's posted outside at 35. Rocking Roller posted outside at 35. Rocking Roller posted outside at 35. Rocking Roller Coaster starring Aerosmith, which is Coaster starring Aerosmith, which is Coaster starring Aerosmith, which is about to close and be transformed into a about to close and be transformed into a about to close and be transformed into a new Muppets themed roller coaster. Same new Muppets themed roller coaster. Same new Muppets themed roller coaster. Same track, new theming is uh also posted at track, new theming is uh also posted at track, new theming is uh also posted at going to take advantage of the 35 posted going to take advantage of the 35 posted going to take advantage of the 35 posted weight right now on Tower of Terror weight right now on Tower of Terror weight right now on Tower of Terror because this is a mustdo for any perfect because this is a mustdo for any perfect because this is a mustdo for any perfect magical best day ever kind of day for magical best day ever kind of day for magical best day ever kind of day for you. This ride opened in 1994 when it you. This ride opened in 1994 when it you. This ride opened in 1994 when it debuted. There was nothing like it in debuted. There was nothing like it in debuted. There was nothing like it in the world. The weight of the car goes the world. The weight of the car goes the world. The weight of the car goes from one elevator shaft, drives through from one elevator shaft, drives through from one elevator shaft, drives through the environment, and then goes into the environment, and then goes into the environment, and then goes into another elevator shaft, and then drops another elevator shaft, and then drops another elevator shaft, and then drops and then raises back up and drops and and then raises back up and drops and and then raises back up and drops and goes back up and drops. This was like goes back up and drops. This was like goes back up and drops. This was like the ride was actually haunted. The RFID the ride was actually haunted. The RFID the ride was actually haunted. The RFID technology that allowed the ride vehicle technology that allowed the ride vehicle technology that allowed the ride vehicle to travel through the space was to travel through the space was to travel through the space was something we I had certainly never seen something we I had certainly never seen something we I had certainly never seen utilized in this way before. And still utilized in this way before. And still utilized in this way before. And still to this day, it shocks me to think that to this day, it shocks me to think that to this day, it shocks me to think that this was being done that many years ago this was being done that many years ago this was being done that many years ago and that we were all like, "Okay, let's and that we were all like, "Okay, let's and that we were all like, "Okay, let's ride this. It's going to be awesome." ride this. It's going to be awesome." ride this. It's going to be awesome." But we did ride it. It was awesome. And But we did ride it. It was awesome. And But we did ride it. It was awesome. And we're still riding it to this day. And we're still riding it to this day. And we're still riding it to this day. And in my opinion, it's only gotten better in my opinion, it's only gotten better in my opinion, it's only gotten better and more amazing. Okay, we just let villains. I actually Okay, we just let villains. I actually Okay, we just let villains. I actually felt myself tear up a little. I was so felt myself tear up a little. I was so felt myself tear up a little. I was so proud. Book didn't win, which I think is proud. Book didn't win, which I think is proud. Book didn't win, which I think is an injustice. This one went to Kella, an injustice. This one went to Kella, an injustice. This one went to Kella, but if you see it, make sure you cheer but if you see it, make sure you cheer but if you see it, make sure you cheer loud for Captain Hook. We want Hook to loud for Captain Hook. We want Hook to loud for Captain Hook. We want Hook to win. He is so severely misinterested. It win. He is so severely misinterested. It win. He is so severely misinterested. It was incredible. Emma L is here with me. was incredible. Emma L is here with me. was incredible. Emma L is here with me. We are doing all of this hanging out We are doing all of this hanging out We are doing all of this hanging out today and we both agreed. Like, it's today and we both agreed. Like, it's today and we both agreed. Like, it's such a good show. I have heard good such a good show. I have heard good such a good show. I have heard good things. I knew people really liked it, things. I knew people really liked it, things. I knew people really liked it, but I walked out even more impressed but I walked out even more impressed but I walked out even more impressed than I thought I would be. The original than I thought I would be. The original than I thought I would be. The original song was so much fun. It's definitely an song was so much fun. It's definitely an song was so much fun. It's definitely an earworm, which I think is necessities or earworm, which I think is necessities or earworm, which I think is necessities or a necessity. Tons, tons of fun. I a necessity. Tons, tons of fun. I a necessity. Tons, tons of fun. I thought the set design was incredible. thought the set design was incredible. thought the set design was incredible. And you know what? I have to say it. And you know what? I have to say it. And you know what? I have to say it. Live entertainment is important. So, Live entertainment is important. So, Live entertainment is important. So, that was a ton of fun and a perfect way that was a ton of fun and a perfect way that was a ton of fun and a perfect way to start our afternoon. Okay, we've made to start our afternoon. Okay, we've made to start our afternoon. Okay, we've made our way back to Hollywood Boulevard our way back to Hollywood Boulevard our way back to Hollywood Boulevard because it's time for our first because it's time for our first because it's time for our first Lightning Lane. And we are headed to Lightning Lane. And we are headed to Lightning Lane. And we are headed to Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway. We Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway. We Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway. We are using Multipass today. Multipass are using Multipass today. Multipass are using Multipass today. Multipass gives you access to most of the gives you access to most of the gives you access to most of the Lightning Lanes in uh your chosen park Lightning Lanes in uh your chosen park Lightning Lanes in uh your chosen park or if you're park hopping around Disney or if you're park hopping around Disney or if you're park hopping around Disney World. You do get a pre-selected three World. You do get a pre-selected three World. You do get a pre-selected three before your park day. If you're staying before your park day. If you're staying before your park day. If you're staying at a Disney World hotel, you can choose at a Disney World hotel, you can choose at a Disney World hotel, you can choose them seven days before your park day. them seven days before your park day. them seven days before your park day. And if you're not staying at a Disney And if you're not staying at a Disney And if you're not staying at a Disney World hotel, you can choose them 3 days World hotel, you can choose them 3 days World hotel, you can choose them 3 days in advance. I actually did not know that in advance. I actually did not know that in advance. I actually did not know that this is what I was filming until about this is what I was filming until about this is what I was filming until about today, but I still got some good grabs. today, but I still got some good grabs. today, but I still got some good grabs. So, don't give up just because it's So, don't give up just because it's So, don't give up just because it's maybe later than you would have liked to maybe later than you would have liked to maybe later than you would have liked to have made them. Now, it is not free. It have made them. Now, it is not free. It have made them. Now, it is not free. It is a paid service and you can select is a paid service and you can select is a paid service and you can select other lightning lanes after you use your other lightning lanes after you use your other lightning lanes after you use your first initial one. You can make them as first initial one. You can make them as first initial one. You can make them as you go. We really love this system. It's you go. We really love this system. It's you go. We really love this system. It's a lot I think more user friendly than a lot I think more user friendly than a lot I think more user friendly than the old one which was called Genie. But the old one which was called Genie. But the old one which was called Genie. But we are headed over to Mickey Man's we are headed over to Mickey Man's we are headed over to Mickey Man's Runway Railway. It is the top tier. It's Runway Railway. It is the top tier. It's Runway Railway. It is the top tier. It's one of the top tiers options in this one of the top tiers options in this one of the top tiers options in this park. When you're selecting, you're park. When you're selecting, you're park. When you're selecting, you're doing your pre-selections. You can doing your pre-selections. You can doing your pre-selections. You can choose one from the top tier and two choose one from the top tier and two choose one from the top tier and two from the second tier. But we're going to from the second tier. But we're going to from the second tier. But we're going to go in tap in. This is a trackless dark go in tap in. This is a trackless dark go in tap in. This is a trackless dark ride that takes you into the movies with ride that takes you into the movies with ride that takes you into the movies with Mickey and Minnie. I love it. This one's Mickey and Minnie. I love it. This one's Mickey and Minnie. I love it. This one's a little controversial because it did a little controversial because it did a little controversial because it did replace a very beloved ride that closed replace a very beloved ride that closed replace a very beloved ride that closed all the way back in 2017 and we still all the way back in 2017 and we still all the way back in 2017 and we still talk about it cuz we loved it so much. talk about it cuz we loved it so much. talk about it cuz we loved it so much. So, we're going to get in line and think So, we're going to get in line and think So, we're going to get in line and think about the Great Movie Ride while we're about the Great Movie Ride while we're about the Great Movie Ride while we're in the queue. And then we're going to in the queue. And then we're going to in the queue. And then we're going to enjoy the ride while we're on the ride. enjoy the ride while we're on the ride. enjoy the ride while we're on the ride. &gt;&gt; They just made an announcement that run &gt;&gt; They just made an announcement that run &gt;&gt; They just made an announcement that run of the towers is down, which means 50% of the towers is down, which means 50% of the towers is down, which means 50% less people can ride it. So, it doubles less people can ride it. So, it doubles less people can ride it. So, it doubles the wait time. It instantly went up to a the wait time. It instantly went up to a the wait time. It instantly went up to a pretty far along. I'm glad we got in pretty far along. I'm glad we got in pretty far along. I'm glad we got in queue for this first, but it still queue for this first, but it still queue for this first, but it still extends our weight by quite a lot extends our weight by quite a lot extends our weight by quite a lot because, as you know, you may not know, because, as you know, you may not know, because, as you know, you may not know, after the pre-show for this ride, after the pre-show for this ride, after the pre-show for this ride, there's a second part to the queue that there's a second part to the queue that there's a second part to the queue that you have to wait in. It splits off into you have to wait in. It splits off into you have to wait in. It splits off into different directions. But right now, different directions. But right now, different directions. But right now, because one of the towers is down, it'll because one of the towers is down, it'll because one of the towers is down, it'll only be going in one direction. So, only be going in one direction. So, only be going in one direction. So, everybody's going to the same elevator everybody's going to the same elevator everybody's going to the same elevator shaft until they fix it. We'll see how shaft until they fix it. We'll see how shaft until they fix it. We'll see how long it takes. Heat. Heat. All right, wave bye to love a good second right, wave bye to love a good second right, wave bye to love a good second thing in our afternoon and hopefully thing in our afternoon and hopefully thing in our afternoon and hopefully about to have a good third high moment. about to have a good third high moment. about to have a good third high moment. because I ran into him. because I ran into him. because I ran into him. &gt;&gt; Team Edge, we are the veg. Everybody &gt;&gt; Team Edge, we are the veg. Everybody &gt;&gt; Team Edge, we are the veg. Everybody yells, yells, yells, &gt;&gt; "You are the stinks." &gt;&gt; "You are the stinks." &gt;&gt; "You are the stinks." &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; We'll work on it for learning. &gt;&gt; We'll work on it for learning. &gt;&gt; We'll work on it for learning. &gt;&gt; We're workshopping our first show. Team &gt;&gt; We're workshopping our first show. Team &gt;&gt; We're workshopping our first show. Team Edge. Edge. Edge. &gt;&gt; If our um if our editor can put the sing &gt;&gt; If our um if our editor can put the sing &gt;&gt; If our um if our editor can put the sing along a ball, we really along a ball, we really along a ball, we really are the best. are the best. are the best. &gt;&gt; Everybody else stinks. &gt;&gt; Everybody else stinks. &gt;&gt; Everybody else stinks. &gt;&gt; This is really good. We're hoping for &gt;&gt; This is really good. We're hoping for &gt;&gt; This is really good. We're hoping for Broadway 27. Broadway 27. Broadway 27. &gt;&gt; 27. Fingers crossed. This is so much &gt;&gt; 27. Fingers crossed. This is so much &gt;&gt; 27. Fingers crossed. This is so much fun. Sorry we didn't film the combo, fun. Sorry we didn't film the combo, fun. Sorry we didn't film the combo, friends. &gt;&gt; But you get that. You get that. &gt;&gt; But you get that. You get that. &gt;&gt; But you get that. You get that. &gt;&gt; Now we are headed to Star Wars. It's &gt;&gt; Now we are headed to Star Wars. It's &gt;&gt; Now we are headed to Star Wars. It's only a 5minute wait. And that's Darth only a 5minute wait. And that's Darth only a 5minute wait. And that's Darth Vader. That's Darth. That's Darth Vader. Vader. That's Darth. That's Darth Vader. Vader. That's Darth. That's Darth Vader. I'm in love with him. If you guys don't I'm in love with him. If you guys don't I'm in love with him. If you guys don't know, my husband knows and he respects know, my husband knows and he respects know, my husband knows and he respects that. It's It's healthy. It's fine. We that. It's It's healthy. It's fine. We that. It's It's healthy. It's fine. We are headed into this 5minute wait though are headed into this 5minute wait though are headed into this 5minute wait though because we have another lightning lane. because we have another lightning lane. because we have another lightning lane. Hi. in about 40 minutes. And so we are Hi. in about 40 minutes. And so we are Hi. in about 40 minutes. And so we are just kind of filling that time with just kind of filling that time with just kind of filling that time with something that's not too long and will something that's not too long and will something that's not too long and will be a good little fun attraction. I also be a good little fun attraction. I also be a good little fun attraction. I also love Star Tours. I'm a huge fan of it to love Star Tours. I'm a huge fan of it to love Star Tours. I'm a huge fan of it to be honest. Um I know a lot of people are be honest. Um I know a lot of people are be honest. Um I know a lot of people are like, "It's old." But I'm like, "That's like, "It's old." But I'm like, "That's like, "It's old." But I'm like, "That's that's fun." Like I think this is such a that's fun." Like I think this is such a that's fun." Like I think this is such a classic Star Wars attraction. I love the classic Star Wars attraction. I love the classic Star Wars attraction. I love the rotating scenes. I love how things rotating scenes. I love how things rotating scenes. I love how things change. You never quite know what you're change. You never quite know what you're change. You never quite know what you're going to get. And I also love the going to get. And I also love the going to get. And I also love the opportunity to become the rebel spy. That was a great ride on uh Tower of That was a great ride on uh Tower of That was a great ride on uh Tower of Terror. It seemed like with that Terror. It seemed like with that Terror. It seemed like with that combination we got that kind of in combination we got that kind of in combination we got that kind of in between space with the two children that between space with the two children that between space with the two children that glow and air blew out and that never glow and air blew out and that never glow and air blew out and that never used to happen and it seemed to smell used to happen and it seemed to smell used to happen and it seemed to smell like haunted house like a smell that you like haunted house like a smell that you like haunted house like a smell that you smell sometimes. Uh kind of a musky smell sometimes. Uh kind of a musky smell sometimes. Uh kind of a musky interesting odor. So, it could just be interesting odor. So, it could just be interesting odor. So, it could just be because the ride's old and it could be because the ride's old and it could be because the ride's old and it could be that they added scent and I'm going to that they added scent and I'm going to that they added scent and I'm going to find out. But in any event, took us 40 find out. But in any event, took us 40 find out. But in any event, took us 40 minutes, posted 35, but again, half the minutes, posted 35, but again, half the minutes, posted 35, but again, half the ride was down for part of that. So, not ride was down for part of that. So, not ride was down for part of that. So, not bad considering. Well, I'm glad that I bad considering. Well, I'm glad that I bad considering. Well, I'm glad that I asked about the smell because the answer asked about the smell because the answer asked about the smell because the answer is yes. There is a smell in that scene. is yes. There is a smell in that scene. is yes. There is a smell in that scene. It's called the fourth drop scene, and It's called the fourth drop scene, and It's called the fourth drop scene, and it is hydraulic fluid and burning it is hydraulic fluid and burning it is hydraulic fluid and burning rubber. And it came off just as a funky, rubber. And it came off just as a funky, rubber. And it came off just as a funky, you know, ambiguous, possibly ghostly you know, ambiguous, possibly ghostly you know, ambiguous, possibly ghostly smell. I think it's a smart smell for smell. I think it's a smart smell for smell. I think it's a smart smell for them to use. But do you know what they them to use. But do you know what they them to use. But do you know what they told me the other location that uses the told me the other location that uses the told me the other location that uses the exact smell in Walt Disney World? They exact smell in Walt Disney World? They exact smell in Walt Disney World? They said, "Oh, you're never going to get it. said, "Oh, you're never going to get it. said, "Oh, you're never going to get it. It's some place so unexpected." And I It's some place so unexpected." And I It's some place so unexpected." And I said, "Okay." So I guessed hydraulic said, "Okay." So I guessed hydraulic said, "Okay." So I guessed hydraulic fluid. And I was like, "Maybe. Sometimes fluid. And I was like, "Maybe. Sometimes fluid. And I was like, "Maybe. Sometimes it smells like hydraulic fluid in it smells like hydraulic fluid in it smells like hydraulic fluid in Carousel Progress and burning rubber. Carousel Progress and burning rubber. Carousel Progress and burning rubber. Maybe because if the if tires like move Maybe because if the if tires like move Maybe because if the if tires like move the theater around or something like the theater around or something like the theater around or something like that and they were like no but that does that and they were like no but that does that and they were like no but that does smell like that. They agreed and then I smell like that. They agreed and then I smell like that. They agreed and then I said is it uh and then they said it's an said is it uh and then they said it's an said is it uh and then they said it's an animal kingdom and I said oh really and animal kingdom and I said oh really and animal kingdom and I said oh really and I said is it on Kilamanjaro Safaris and I said is it on Kilamanjaro Safaris and I said is it on Kilamanjaro Safaris and they said no and they said do you want they said no and they said do you want they said no and they said do you want me to tell you and I said yes and they me to tell you and I said yes and they me to tell you and I said yes and they said it is in the mechanics room in said it is in the mechanics room in said it is in the mechanics room in Restronosaurus. There's a smell of Restronosaurus. There's a smell of Restronosaurus. There's a smell of hydraulic fluid and burning rubber. hydraulic fluid and burning rubber. hydraulic fluid and burning rubber. restaurantosaurus is open for such a restaurantosaurus is open for such a restaurantosaurus is open for such a short period of time. It's about to be short period of time. It's about to be short period of time. It's about to be closed. It may be closed by the time closed. It may be closed by the time closed. It may be closed by the time this video comes out. I have to go this video comes out. I have to go this video comes out. I have to go explore this. In any event, Disney World explore this. In any event, Disney World explore this. In any event, Disney World does not cease to surprise and amaze me. does not cease to surprise and amaze me. does not cease to surprise and amaze me. Just when I think uh they're not really Just when I think uh they're not really Just when I think uh they're not really doing magical things like it that doing magical things like it that doing magical things like it that anymore, I learned this amazing fun anymore, I learned this amazing fun anymore, I learned this amazing fun fact. They also told me there's another fact. They also told me there's another fact. They also told me there's another smell in Tower of Terror and that that smell in Tower of Terror and that that smell in Tower of Terror and that that smell is vaguely floral and it's in the smell is vaguely floral and it's in the smell is vaguely floral and it's in the room where you drive through the room where you drive through the room where you drive through the environment going from one elevator environment going from one elevator environment going from one elevator shaft to another. They said that shaft to another. They said that shaft to another. They said that probably the reason it smelled strong probably the reason it smelled strong probably the reason it smelled strong today is that they recently replaced it today is that they recently replaced it today is that they recently replaced it and they actually put out a little memo and they actually put out a little memo and they actually put out a little memo that said if you smell something weird, that said if you smell something weird, that said if you smell something weird, don't worry. We just put a fresh scent don't worry. We just put a fresh scent don't worry. We just put a fresh scent into the attraction today. So hopefully into the attraction today. So hopefully into the attraction today. So hopefully when you're visiting you can have this when you're visiting you can have this when you're visiting you can have this experience too because wow that was wild experience too because wow that was wild experience too because wow that was wild and very cool. And we're right next door and very cool. And we're right next door and very cool. And we're right next door now at Rocket Roller Coaster. Uh standby now at Rocket Roller Coaster. Uh standby now at Rocket Roller Coaster. Uh standby entrance. Single rider entrance is open. entrance. Single rider entrance is open. entrance. Single rider entrance is open. The posted weight has dropped to 30 The posted weight has dropped to 30 The posted weight has dropped to 30 minutes. So hopefully we get here minutes. So hopefully we get here minutes. So hopefully we get here through here pretty quickly. We get to through here pretty quickly. We get to through here pretty quickly. We get to say goodbye to this version of the ride say goodbye to this version of the ride say goodbye to this version of the ride before we say hello to the Muppets later before we say hello to the Muppets later before we say hello to the Muppets later in 2026. Wow. Well, this looks like it in 2026. Wow. Well, this looks like it in 2026. Wow. Well, this looks like it might be a day when the single rider might be a day when the single rider might be a day when the single rider queue really means something. There are queue really means something. There are queue really means something. There are times with this ride when standing in a times with this ride when standing in a times with this ride when standing in a single rider queue could take as long as single rider queue could take as long as single rider queue could take as long as standing in the standby queue. And uh I standing in the standby queue. And uh I standing in the standby queue. And uh I always think it's worth a gamble, always think it's worth a gamble, always think it's worth a gamble, especially if you are alone, of course, especially if you are alone, of course, especially if you are alone, of course, like you're going to get in a standby like you're going to get in a standby like you're going to get in a standby line and try, but it's hit or miss. So, line and try, but it's hit or miss. So, line and try, but it's hit or miss. So, you can't expect to just breeze through you can't expect to just breeze through you can't expect to just breeze through it just because it's just a single rider it just because it's just a single rider it just because it's just a single rider line. Today, it does look like the odds line. Today, it does look like the odds line. Today, it does look like the odds might be in our favor. Sometimes Dan has might be in our favor. Sometimes Dan has might be in our favor. Sometimes Dan has to be a gray seal. I don't know. Looks to be a gray seal. I don't know. Looks to be a gray seal. I don't know. Looks like we're in luck. The pre-show is like we're in luck. The pre-show is like we're in luck. The pre-show is closed up for now. Next time we see it, closed up for now. Next time we see it, closed up for now. Next time we see it, it'll be the Muppets, but we still get it'll be the Muppets, but we still get it'll be the Muppets, but we still get the awesome music of Aerosmith on board the awesome music of Aerosmith on board the awesome music of Aerosmith on board this version of the ride for a little this version of the ride for a little this version of the ride for a little bit longer. bit longer. bit longer. &gt;&gt; We went on Star Tours. I love Star &gt;&gt; We went on Star Tours. I love Star &gt;&gt; We went on Star Tours. I love Star Tours. It's funny. It's classic. We got Tours. It's funny. It's classic. We got Tours. It's funny. It's classic. We got one of the newer additions, which was one of the newer additions, which was one of the newer additions, which was Ahsoka. She was in one of our scenes and Ahsoka. She was in one of our scenes and Ahsoka. She was in one of our scenes and she was also the transmission. Um, so it she was also the transmission. Um, so it she was also the transmission. Um, so it was a lot of fun. even if I've seen a was a lot of fun. even if I've seen a was a lot of fun. even if I've seen a scene, it's still exciting to me. It's scene, it's still exciting to me. It's scene, it's still exciting to me. It's still fun. And I also think I understand still fun. And I also think I understand still fun. And I also think I understand how people can get pretty motion sick on how people can get pretty motion sick on how people can get pretty motion sick on that one. So, that's something to be that one. So, that's something to be that one. So, that's something to be cautious about. Um, but I think as long cautious about. Um, but I think as long cautious about. Um, but I think as long as you're towards the center, it's not as you're towards the center, it's not as you're towards the center, it's not so bad. I have felt it the worst when so bad. I have felt it the worst when so bad. I have felt it the worst when I'm in the back two seats. So, something I'm in the back two seats. So, something I'm in the back two seats. So, something to be aware of. Now, we are an hour and to be aware of. Now, we are an hour and to be aware of. Now, we are an hour and a half in. We've only done really four a half in. We've only done really four a half in. We've only done really four things cuz seeing a friend counts and things cuz seeing a friend counts and things cuz seeing a friend counts and it's the best part. I'd like to maybe it's the best part. I'd like to maybe it's the best part. I'd like to maybe meet a character if we have time, but meet a character if we have time, but meet a character if we have time, but lines are looking a bit lengthy. So, lines are looking a bit lengthy. So, lines are looking a bit lengthy. So, we're going to head towards our next we're going to head towards our next we're going to head towards our next lighting wave. Hollywood Studios is lighting wave. Hollywood Studios is lighting wave. Hollywood Studios is another one of the parks that's going another one of the parks that's going another one of the parks that's going through quite a bit of change. Pretty through quite a bit of change. Pretty through quite a bit of change. Pretty much everywhere but Epcot is like much everywhere but Epcot is like much everywhere but Epcot is like undergoing major change right now. And I undergoing major change right now. And I undergoing major change right now. And I can't look to the left. So, you guys are can't look to the left. So, you guys are can't look to the left. So, you guys are going to look to the left for me cuz going to look to the left for me cuz going to look to the left for me cuz that's where Muppet Courtyard used to that's where Muppet Courtyard used to that's where Muppet Courtyard used to be. And I'm just looking straight ahead be. And I'm just looking straight ahead be. And I'm just looking straight ahead because I'm unwilling to look at it and because I'm unwilling to look at it and because I'm unwilling to look at it and perceive the damage that's being done to perceive the damage that's being done to perceive the damage that's being done to my psyche and my heart. They're my psyche and my heart. They're my psyche and my heart. They're replacing it with Monstropolis, replacing it with Monstropolis, replacing it with Monstropolis, Monsters, Inc. Land, and I do think it's Monsters, Inc. Land, and I do think it's Monsters, Inc. Land, and I do think it's going to be super uber cool. I'm also going to be super uber cool. I'm also going to be super uber cool. I'm also planning on rioting for personal planning on rioting for personal planning on rioting for personal reasons. I miss it every day. Luckily, reasons. I miss it every day. Luckily, reasons. I miss it every day. Luckily, the Muppets aren't going away forever. the Muppets aren't going away forever. the Muppets aren't going away forever. They are actually retheing Rocket Roller They are actually retheing Rocket Roller They are actually retheing Rocket Roller Coaster. Rocket Roller Coaster is Coaster. Rocket Roller Coaster is Coaster. Rocket Roller Coaster is becoming the Muppet Coaster. Um, and becoming the Muppet Coaster. Um, and becoming the Muppet Coaster. Um, and it's going to open sometime in summer it's going to open sometime in summer it's going to open sometime in summer date for Rocking just yet. Maybe by the date for Rocking just yet. Maybe by the date for Rocking just yet. Maybe by the time you guys are watching this, they time you guys are watching this, they time you guys are watching this, they will have, but they've shown us a little will have, but they've shown us a little will have, but they've shown us a little bit of what to expect. I'm glad Muppets bit of what to expect. I'm glad Muppets bit of what to expect. I'm glad Muppets aren't gone forever. I'm also cautiously aren't gone forever. I'm also cautiously aren't gone forever. I'm also cautiously optimistic to see what happens with the optimistic to see what happens with the optimistic to see what happens with the rethe. I hope it's like intentional and rethe. I hope it's like intentional and rethe. I hope it's like intentional and not just a band-aid on my Muppet hole in not just a band-aid on my Muppet hole in not just a band-aid on my Muppet hole in my heart. They have not announced when my heart. They have not announced when my heart. They have not announced when Monstrous is going to open or even an Monstrous is going to open or even an Monstrous is going to open or even an opening timeline guesstimation. So, we opening timeline guesstimation. So, we opening timeline guesstimation. So, we still might be waiting a few years on still might be waiting a few years on still might be waiting a few years on that bad boy. We did walk into Star Wars that bad boy. We did walk into Star Wars that bad boy. We did walk into Star Wars Galaxy's Edge and I noticed that the Galaxy's Edge and I noticed that the Galaxy's Edge and I noticed that the Rise single rider is open. That is not Rise single rider is open. That is not Rise single rider is open. That is not necessarily guaranteed all day. So, I necessarily guaranteed all day. So, I necessarily guaranteed all day. So, I think we're going to segue a bit and go think we're going to segue a bit and go think we're going to segue a bit and go ahead and do this. This is actually the ahead and do this. This is actually the ahead and do this. This is actually the first time I've ever done this, but Rise first time I've ever done this, but Rise first time I've ever done this, but Rise of the Resistance on not quite so busy of the Resistance on not quite so busy of the Resistance on not quite so busy days will oftent times actually have a days will oftent times actually have a days will oftent times actually have a single rider line. It's a little bit single rider line. It's a little bit single rider line. It's a little bit harder to find. You do have to come down harder to find. You do have to come down harder to find. You do have to come down towards the exit. You do miss the towards the exit. You do miss the towards the exit. You do miss the pre-show. You do not get to ride with pre-show. You do not get to ride with pre-show. You do not get to ride with your friends that are with you, but you your friends that are with you, but you your friends that are with you, but you do get on the ride, which is tons of fun do get on the ride, which is tons of fun do get on the ride, which is tons of fun and can save you quite a bit of time. and can save you quite a bit of time. and can save you quite a bit of time. Right now, Rise is about an hour wait, Right now, Rise is about an hour wait, Right now, Rise is about an hour wait, which is not that bad for Rise, but it's which is not that bad for Rise, but it's which is not that bad for Rise, but it's not what we're trying to do. So, not what we're trying to do. So, not what we're trying to do. So, hopefully this will get us through easy hopefully this will get us through easy hopefully this will get us through easy peasy nights and squeezy. peasy nights and squeezy. peasy nights and squeezy. &gt;&gt; That was really awesome. We got the &gt;&gt; That was really awesome. We got the &gt;&gt; That was really awesome. We got the medley. So, we got Walk This Way, we got medley. So, we got Walk This Way, we got medley. So, we got Walk This Way, we got uh Love in an Elevator, we got just kind uh Love in an Elevator, we got just kind uh Love in an Elevator, we got just kind of the my favorite my favorite version. of the my favorite my favorite version. of the my favorite my favorite version. I guess it's like the September of Rock I guess it's like the September of Rock I guess it's like the September of Rock and Roller Coaster. But something that I and Roller Coaster. But something that I and Roller Coaster. But something that I noticed, uh there's something cool in noticed, uh there's something cool in noticed, uh there's something cool in it. They actually have like some it. They actually have like some it. They actually have like some nightclubs that are in Hollywood in Los nightclubs that are in Hollywood in Los nightclubs that are in Hollywood in Los Angeles. One of them is uh the Roxy Angeles. One of them is uh the Roxy Angeles. One of them is uh the Roxy uh and they have the sign for it in, you uh and they have the sign for it in, you uh and they have the sign for it in, you know, blacklight paint, UV reactive know, blacklight paint, UV reactive know, blacklight paint, UV reactive paint. And I have performed there at paint. And I have performed there at paint. And I have performed there at least three times that I remember. I least three times that I remember. I least three times that I remember. I don't there may be more times, but I don't there may be more times, but I don't there may be more times, but I opened three different times for opened three different times for opened three different times for semi-purchase weapons there. Twice in semi-purchase weapons there. Twice in semi-purchase weapons there. Twice in the main uh venue downstairs and once at the main uh venue downstairs and once at the main uh venue downstairs and once at On the Rocks, which is a smaller club On the Rocks, which is a smaller club On the Rocks, which is a smaller club upstairs. And that's a fun part of my upstairs. And that's a fun part of my upstairs. And that's a fun part of my life I look back on fondly and my fun life I look back on fondly and my fun life I look back on fondly and my fun part of my music career cuz a lot has part of my music career cuz a lot has part of my music career cuz a lot has happened at the Roxy and it was happened at the Roxy and it was happened at the Roxy and it was represented in this ride and maybe soon represented in this ride and maybe soon represented in this ride and maybe soon it'll be gone. Maybe the Muppets will it'll be gone. Maybe the Muppets will it'll be gone. Maybe the Muppets will bring back the Roxy. I don't know. That bring back the Roxy. I don't know. That bring back the Roxy. I don't know. That would be really cool. But that did get would be really cool. But that did get would be really cool. But that did get me thinking and made me kind of sad. So, me thinking and made me kind of sad. So, me thinking and made me kind of sad. So, back to our day. I I know that we've got back to our day. I I know that we've got back to our day. I I know that we've got to get on Rise of the Resistance. That to get on Rise of the Resistance. That to get on Rise of the Resistance. That is a given. There is no perfect day, is a given. There is no perfect day, is a given. There is no perfect day, best day, amazing day or anything in best day, amazing day or anything in best day, amazing day or anything in Hollywood Studios without getting on Hollywood Studios without getting on Hollywood Studios without getting on that ride for me and maybe for you as that ride for me and maybe for you as that ride for me and maybe for you as well. So, I'm headed over there now well. So, I'm headed over there now well. So, I'm headed over there now because guess what? They have a single because guess what? They have a single because guess what? They have a single rider queue also and it's usually pretty rider queue also and it's usually pretty rider queue also and it's usually pretty good. So, let's head over to Batu. It's good. So, let's head over to Batu. It's good. So, let's head over to Batu. It's amazing. The uh method of travel to get amazing. The uh method of travel to get amazing. The uh method of travel to get there is on foot. I would think going to there is on foot. I would think going to there is on foot. I would think going to another planet would require some sort another planet would require some sort another planet would require some sort of spa spacecraft, but what we learn of spa spacecraft, but what we learn of spa spacecraft, but what we learn from Star Wars Galaxy's Edge is that is from Star Wars Galaxy's Edge is that is from Star Wars Galaxy's Edge is that is not correct. So, I'm going to walk under not correct. So, I'm going to walk under not correct. So, I'm going to walk under a bridge and we'll we're going to see a bridge and we'll we're going to see a bridge and we'll we're going to see you see you over there. red. Hey And just like that, we've made it on to And just like that, we've made it on to And just like that, we've made it on to Batu. Wasn't that amazing? It just took Batu. Wasn't that amazing? It just took Batu. Wasn't that amazing? It just took moments and we were here. Here is the moments and we were here. Here is the moments and we were here. Here is the front entrance. You can see over to the front entrance. You can see over to the front entrance. You can see over to the right there's a sign that says single right there's a sign that says single right there's a sign that says single rider line. And if you go in this rider line. And if you go in this rider line. And if you go in this direction, there'll be another cast direction, there'll be another cast direction, there'll be another cast member holding a sign that says single member holding a sign that says single member holding a sign that says single rider. But it's a little confusing rider. But it's a little confusing rider. But it's a little confusing because we have to go upstream. It's a a because we have to go upstream. It's a a because we have to go upstream. It's a a little confusing and embarrassing. little confusing and embarrassing. little confusing and embarrassing. &gt;&gt; We just got off. &gt;&gt; We just got off. &gt;&gt; We just got off. &gt;&gt; Literally from the time we walked in &gt;&gt; Literally from the time we walked in &gt;&gt; Literally from the time we walked in that gate right there to right now, it's that gate right there to right now, it's that gate right there to right now, it's been 15 minutes. We did the ride. All we been 15 minutes. We did the ride. All we been 15 minutes. We did the ride. All we missed was the two pre-shows, which are missed was the two pre-shows, which are missed was the two pre-shows, which are really incredible, especially if you're really incredible, especially if you're really incredible, especially if you're a big Star Wars fan. But if you really a big Star Wars fan. But if you really a big Star Wars fan. But if you really just want to be on the attraction, this just want to be on the attraction, this just want to be on the attraction, this is such a great way to do it. It only is such a great way to do it. It only is such a great way to do it. It only took us 15 minutes start to end. I took us 15 minutes start to end. I took us 15 minutes start to end. I absolutely love that. Like I said absolutely love that. Like I said absolutely love that. Like I said earlier, it's not available all day earlier, it's not available all day earlier, it's not available all day every day, but if you spot it and you every day, but if you spot it and you every day, but if you spot it and you want to ride quickly or maybe again want to ride quickly or maybe again want to ride quickly or maybe again without the long wait, that is a perfect without the long wait, that is a perfect without the long wait, that is a perfect way to do it. It is a trackless ride way to do it. It is a trackless ride way to do it. It is a trackless ride unlike any other. You go into the story unlike any other. You go into the story unlike any other. You go into the story of Star Wars, you're actually arrested, of Star Wars, you're actually arrested, of Star Wars, you're actually arrested, which is kind of crazy. But don't worry, which is kind of crazy. But don't worry, which is kind of crazy. But don't worry, you make it out safe cuz you're part of you make it out safe cuz you're part of you make it out safe cuz you're part of the Rebel Alliance now. And Finn has the the Rebel Alliance now. And Finn has the the Rebel Alliance now. And Finn has the authority to do that. Now we're on our authority to do that. Now we're on our authority to do that. Now we're on our way over to Toy Story Land, which way over to Toy Story Land, which way over to Toy Story Land, which actually works out really well because actually works out really well because actually works out really well because our Lightning Lane, I thought we'd be our Lightning Lane, I thought we'd be our Lightning Lane, I thought we'd be even later. It only started six minutes even later. It only started six minutes even later. It only started six minutes ago because Single Rider was so fast. I ago because Single Rider was so fast. I ago because Single Rider was so fast. I feel like maybe the best afternoon. I feel like maybe the best afternoon. I feel like maybe the best afternoon. I don't know. Maybe I'm projecting. Maybe don't know. Maybe I'm projecting. Maybe don't know. Maybe I'm projecting. Maybe I'm hopeful. Either way, I'm having a I'm hopeful. Either way, I'm having a I'm hopeful. Either way, I'm having a pretty darn good time. pretty darn good time. pretty darn good time. &gt;&gt; Okay, it is fully down. Um, not the end &gt;&gt; Okay, it is fully down. Um, not the end &gt;&gt; Okay, it is fully down. Um, not the end of the world. That happens a lot with of the world. That happens a lot with of the world. That happens a lot with rides, especially popular ones. They are rides, especially popular ones. They are rides, especially popular ones. They are definitely going to try to get it back definitely going to try to get it back definitely going to try to get it back open before the end of the day. Will open before the end of the day. Will open before the end of the day. Will they get it back open in the next two they get it back open in the next two they get it back open in the next two hours when I need them to? Maybe not. hours when I need them to? Maybe not. hours when I need them to? Maybe not. But I'm going to hold on to my But I'm going to hold on to my But I'm going to hold on to my experience redemption. That's just experience redemption. That's just experience redemption. That's just something that they give you when your something that they give you when your something that they give you when your ride goes down. If you don't want to ride goes down. If you don't want to ride goes down. If you don't want to wait for it to reopen, you can go use it wait for it to reopen, you can go use it wait for it to reopen, you can go use it for a list of rides. So, I would love to for a list of rides. So, I would love to for a list of rides. So, I would love to use it for Slinky Dog, but Stormania is use it for Slinky Dog, but Stormania is use it for Slinky Dog, but Stormania is the tier 2, not a tier one, so it does the tier 2, not a tier one, so it does the tier 2, not a tier one, so it does not qualify. Um, but right now is our not qualify. Um, but right now is our not qualify. Um, but right now is our rock and roller coaster, Lightning Lane. rock and roller coaster, Lightning Lane. rock and roller coaster, Lightning Lane. It just started right now. I was going It just started right now. I was going It just started right now. I was going to say 1 minute ago, but it was right to say 1 minute ago, but it was right to say 1 minute ago, but it was right now. So, we're going to walk that now. So, we're going to walk that now. So, we're going to walk that direction and then maybe Toy Story Mania direction and then maybe Toy Story Mania direction and then maybe Toy Story Mania will open back up. Okay. There is a lot will open back up. Okay. There is a lot will open back up. Okay. There is a lot of construction going on. We'll talk of construction going on. We'll talk of construction going on. We'll talk about that. But I forgot right now they about that. But I forgot right now they about that. But I forgot right now they actually have a Muppet display inside actually have a Muppet display inside actually have a Muppet display inside Walt Disney Presents, which is Walt Walt Disney Presents, which is Walt Walt Disney Presents, which is Walt Disney Presents itself is a museum about Disney Presents itself is a museum about Disney Presents itself is a museum about Walt Disney, his inspiration, where it Walt Disney, his inspiration, where it Walt Disney, his inspiration, where it came from as a child, his life, and kind came from as a child, his life, and kind came from as a child, his life, and kind of how he worked his way up to what we of how he worked his way up to what we of how he worked his way up to what we know as Disneyland, Disney World, and know as Disneyland, Disney World, and know as Disneyland, Disney World, and future projects that Imagineers are future projects that Imagineers are future projects that Imagineers are actually working on right now. In the actually working on right now. In the actually working on right now. In the back, there's also a movie um called One back, there's also a movie um called One back, there's also a movie um called One Man's Dream that oftent times rotates Man's Dream that oftent times rotates Man's Dream that oftent times rotates out with new previews. So, I think right out with new previews. So, I think right out with new previews. So, I think right now it's Zootopia 2. They also do in the now it's Zootopia 2. They also do in the now it's Zootopia 2. They also do in the back different displays. Sometimes back different displays. Sometimes back different displays. Sometimes they'll have movie memorabilia. they'll have movie memorabilia. they'll have movie memorabilia. Sometimes they'll have things to look Sometimes they'll have things to look Sometimes they'll have things to look forward to. And right now they have a forward to. And right now they have a forward to. And right now they have a Christmas display up for the Muppets Christmas display up for the Muppets Christmas display up for the Muppets Christmas and I have to see it. Here is Christmas and I have to see it. Here is Christmas and I have to see it. Here is a good look at future things coming. a good look at future things coming. a good look at future things coming. Here's Monstropolis, which we've already Here's Monstropolis, which we've already Here's Monstropolis, which we've already talked about. You can see the concept talked about. You can see the concept talked about. You can see the concept art. You can see um different scales of art. You can see um different scales of art. You can see um different scales of Soleie and Mike. This is Pueblo Soleie and Mike. This is Pueblo Soleie and Mike. This is Pueblo Espironzo, the tropical America's land, Espironzo, the tropical America's land, Espironzo, the tropical America's land, which is going to be over in Hollywood, which is going to be over in Hollywood, which is going to be over in Hollywood, not Hollywood Studios. We're in not Hollywood Studios. We're in not Hollywood Studios. We're in Hollywood Studios. It's going to be over Hollywood Studios. It's going to be over Hollywood Studios. It's going to be over in Animal Kingdom. And then over here is in Animal Kingdom. And then over here is in Animal Kingdom. And then over here is the Magic Kingdom's front tail end, the Magic Kingdom's front tail end, the Magic Kingdom's front tail end, which is becoming Piston Peak, which is which is becoming Piston Peak, which is which is becoming Piston Peak, which is a Cars Land that is inspired a new new a Cars Land that is inspired a new new a Cars Land that is inspired a new new thing. This is the Christmas display. thing. This is the Christmas display. thing. This is the Christmas display. So, this one is the Santa Claus, which So, this one is the Santa Claus, which So, this one is the Santa Claus, which we'll come back to because who doesn't we'll come back to because who doesn't we'll come back to because who doesn't love Scott Calvin? But it's not what I'm love Scott Calvin? But it's not what I'm love Scott Calvin? But it's not what I'm here for. This is what I'm here for. The here for. This is what I'm here for. The here for. This is what I'm here for. The Muppets Christmas Carol. This makes me Muppets Christmas Carol. This makes me Muppets Christmas Carol. This makes me want to cry. This is the 1992 movie, the want to cry. This is the 1992 movie, the want to cry. This is the 1992 movie, the retelling of the Charles Dickens retelling of the Charles Dickens retelling of the Charles Dickens classic. And this is their actual real classic. And this is their actual real classic. And this is their actual real costumes. This is Kermit's costume along costumes. This is Kermit's costume along costumes. This is Kermit's costume along with Robin's. Robin famously played Tiny with Robin's. Robin famously played Tiny with Robin's. Robin famously played Tiny Tim who did not die. Look how stinking Tim who did not die. Look how stinking Tim who did not die. Look how stinking cool. There's Rizzo's costume. Let me cool. There's Rizzo's costume. Let me cool. There's Rizzo's costume. Let me zoom in. Gonzo, who plays Charles zoom in. Gonzo, who plays Charles zoom in. Gonzo, who plays Charles Dickens, by the way. And there's even a Dickens, by the way. And there's even a Dickens, by the way. And there's even a a model of the house. This is so cool. a model of the house. This is so cool. a model of the house. This is so cool. They're so little. Okay, now that I'm They're so little. Okay, now that I'm They're so little. Okay, now that I'm done crying over the maps, we can look done crying over the maps, we can look done crying over the maps, we can look at Scott Calvin, too. Obviously, this is at Scott Calvin, too. Obviously, this is at Scott Calvin, too. Obviously, this is the Christmas display. They rotate these the Christmas display. They rotate these the Christmas display. They rotate these out a lot. They actually had a Percy out a lot. They actually had a Percy out a lot. They actually had a Percy Jackson display for a while, which is a Jackson display for a while, which is a Jackson display for a while, which is a Disney Plus show that I'm obsessed with Disney Plus show that I'm obsessed with Disney Plus show that I'm obsessed with based on books that actually built me as based on books that actually built me as based on books that actually built me as a person. So, definitely come check this a person. So, definitely come check this a person. So, definitely come check this out. You never know what you're going to out. You never know what you're going to out. You never know what you're going to find back here. I mean, how neat is this find back here. I mean, how neat is this find back here. I mean, how neat is this that they have all of these things? that they have all of these things? that they have all of these things? Bernard's costume is probably the most Bernard's costume is probably the most Bernard's costume is probably the most iconic to me. Or Judy the Elf. Judy's a iconic to me. Or Judy the Elf. Judy's a iconic to me. Or Judy the Elf. Judy's a lot tinier than I thought she was. Okay, lot tinier than I thought she was. Okay, lot tinier than I thought she was. Okay, we're back on the move again. And look, we're back on the move again. And look, we're back on the move again. And look, there's more walls. There's so many there's more walls. There's so many there's more walls. There's so many walls right now all around Disney World. walls right now all around Disney World. walls right now all around Disney World. Uh Hollywood Studios again getting a big Uh Hollywood Studios again getting a big Uh Hollywood Studios again getting a big old faceelift. And right now, Animation old faceelift. And right now, Animation old faceelift. And right now, Animation Courtyard is turning into Walt Disney Courtyard is turning into Walt Disney Courtyard is turning into Walt Disney Studios. It's going to be inspired by Studios. It's going to be inspired by Studios. It's going to be inspired by the actual um studio in Burbank. And the actual um studio in Burbank. And the actual um studio in Burbank. And then in the back, they're going to have then in the back, they're going to have then in the back, they're going to have some really, really exciting things some really, really exciting things some really, really exciting things coming. I'm personally very excited coming. I'm personally very excited coming. I'm personally very excited about um you can see some of the concept about um you can see some of the concept about um you can see some of the concept art. The Magic of Disney Animation is art. The Magic of Disney Animation is art. The Magic of Disney Animation is going to be the new attraction in the going to be the new attraction in the going to be the new attraction in the back, one of a handful, and it's back, one of a handful, and it's back, one of a handful, and it's inspired by the show or the short film inspired by the show or the short film inspired by the show or the short film Once Upon a Studio, which is incredible. Once Upon a Studio, which is incredible. Once Upon a Studio, which is incredible. And if you've not seen it, please go And if you've not seen it, please go And if you've not seen it, please go watch it. I'm obsessed with it. It lives watch it. I'm obsessed with it. It lives watch it. I'm obsessed with it. It lives rentree in my head. They're also going rentree in my head. They're also going rentree in my head. They're also going to be adding an Alice in Wonderland to be adding an Alice in Wonderland to be adding an Alice in Wonderland playground, which looks gorgeous. And playground, which looks gorgeous. And playground, which looks gorgeous. And the Disney Junior show is also kind of the Disney Junior show is also kind of the Disney Junior show is also kind of getting a new addition, which we see getting a new addition, which we see getting a new addition, which we see that every few years, so not a major that every few years, so not a major that every few years, so not a major surprise, but really excited that surprise, but really excited that surprise, but really excited that they're redoing all of this. They've they're redoing all of this. They've they're redoing all of this. They've also kind of teased that maybe some also kind of teased that maybe some also kind of teased that maybe some animation classes will be coming back, animation classes will be coming back, animation classes will be coming back, which makes it feel very classic which makes it feel very classic which makes it feel very classic Hollywood studios, and I am personally Hollywood studios, and I am personally Hollywood studios, and I am personally very excited about that. Okay, we made very excited about that. Okay, we made very excited about that. Okay, we made it over. I'm going to go ahead and use it over. I'm going to go ahead and use it over. I'm going to go ahead and use my Lightning Lane for Rock and Roller my Lightning Lane for Rock and Roller my Lightning Lane for Rock and Roller Coaster. Coaster. Coaster. &gt;&gt; That was so fun. It made me think about &gt;&gt; That was so fun. It made me think about &gt;&gt; That was so fun. It made me think about the first time I rode in 2020. January the first time I rode in 2020. January the first time I rode in 2020. January for the first time, including the for the first time, including the for the first time, including the virtual queue. We were here so early. virtual queue. We were here so early. virtual queue. We were here so early. I'm sure you were too. You experienced I'm sure you were too. You experienced I'm sure you were too. You experienced that the long before dawn and then you that the long before dawn and then you that the long before dawn and then you you get it and you go, "Okay, our turn you get it and you go, "Okay, our turn you get it and you go, "Okay, our turn time's 1:00 p.m. is there someplace we time's 1:00 p.m. is there someplace we time's 1:00 p.m. is there someplace we can go sleep." How luxurious to be able can go sleep." How luxurious to be able can go sleep." How luxurious to be able to walk on it using a single rider line to walk on it using a single rider line to walk on it using a single rider line in 2026. It's really something I never in 2026. It's really something I never in 2026. It's really something I never thought would happen, but here we are. thought would happen, but here we are. thought would happen, but here we are. What fun. No day in Hollywood Studios What fun. No day in Hollywood Studios What fun. No day in Hollywood Studios would be complete for most people. I would be complete for most people. I would be complete for most people. I would dare say because this is such a would dare say because this is such a would dare say because this is such a friendly, inclusive roller coaster. I friendly, inclusive roller coaster. I friendly, inclusive roller coaster. I know some people can't ride any type of know some people can't ride any type of know some people can't ride any type of roller coaster at all. Respect to you, roller coaster at all. Respect to you, roller coaster at all. Respect to you, but this is something I would say most but this is something I would say most but this is something I would say most people probably can ride. 40-minute people probably can ride. 40-minute people probably can ride. 40-minute posted weight. Slinky Dog Dash has such posted weight. Slinky Dog Dash has such posted weight. Slinky Dog Dash has such a cool immersive Toy Story theme and a cool immersive Toy Story theme and a cool immersive Toy Story theme and it's a super fun family coaster. The it's a super fun family coaster. The it's a super fun family coaster. The thrills are mid mid-level. They're not thrills are mid mid-level. They're not thrills are mid mid-level. They're not going to terrify you. They aren't going going to terrify you. They aren't going going to terrify you. They aren't going to thrill you necessarily beyond a to thrill you necessarily beyond a to thrill you necessarily beyond a giggle or two. At least that's my giggle or two. At least that's my giggle or two. At least that's my experience. Younger riders may be very experience. Younger riders may be very experience. Younger riders may be very thrilled by this. In any event, it's thrilled by this. In any event, it's thrilled by this. In any event, it's fun. It is fun for the whole family. fun. It is fun for the whole family. fun. It is fun for the whole family. It's fun for all ages. And it's It's fun for all ages. And it's It's fun for all ages. And it's something that most people would tell something that most people would tell something that most people would tell you you have to ride when you're here. you you have to ride when you're here. you you have to ride when you're here. &gt;&gt; We rocking. We rollered. I got sit in &gt;&gt; We rocking. We rollered. I got sit in &gt;&gt; We rocking. We rollered. I got sit in the third row, which is arguably one of the third row, which is arguably one of the third row, which is arguably one of my favorites. The third or the front is my favorites. The third or the front is my favorites. The third or the front is my favorite because I feel like towards my favorite because I feel like towards my favorite because I feel like towards the back, it's like when things get the back, it's like when things get the back, it's like when things get crazy, it really kind of just jostles crazy, it really kind of just jostles crazy, it really kind of just jostles you and hurts my head, but in the front, you and hurts my head, but in the front, you and hurts my head, but in the front, I find it to be significantly smoother. I find it to be significantly smoother. I find it to be significantly smoother. So, anytime I can wear towards the So, anytime I can wear towards the So, anytime I can wear towards the front, it's definitely appreciated. front, it's definitely appreciated. front, it's definitely appreciated. That's so much fun. It's such a classic. That's so much fun. It's such a classic. That's so much fun. It's such a classic. And even though it is going to be the And even though it is going to be the And even though it is going to be the same ride track, it's kind of nice to same ride track, it's kind of nice to same ride track, it's kind of nice to ride it a few more times before it's ride it a few more times before it's ride it a few more times before it's changed over to Kermit and the Gang and changed over to Kermit and the Gang and changed over to Kermit and the Gang and the Electric Mayhem. Now, it'll look the Electric Mayhem. Now, it'll look the Electric Mayhem. Now, it'll look like Toy Story Mania's back up. So, like Toy Story Mania's back up. So, like Toy Story Mania's back up. So, we're going to go try to use our we're going to go try to use our we're going to go try to use our redemption lightning lane, maybe grab a redemption lightning lane, maybe grab a redemption lightning lane, maybe grab a snack. Big update, big personal update. snack. Big update, big personal update. snack. Big update, big personal update. So, I had another Lightning Lane to So, I had another Lightning Lane to So, I had another Lightning Lane to grab. And Emma Larouche, who helps us grab. And Emma Larouche, who helps us grab. And Emma Larouche, who helps us and is one of our interns and also just and is one of our interns and also just and is one of our interns and also just one of our friends, um she helps write a one of our friends, um she helps write a one of our friends, um she helps write a lot of our shot list now. And she knew lot of our shot list now. And she knew lot of our shot list now. And she knew the best tip that Slinky, which ones, I the best tip that Slinky, which ones, I the best tip that Slinky, which ones, I don't want to say wrong. Slinky, Tower don't want to say wrong. Slinky, Tower don't want to say wrong. Slinky, Tower of Terror, and Toy Story Mania both on of Terror, and Toy Story Mania both on of Terror, and Toy Story Mania both on slower days tend to have a drop. Um, slower days tend to have a drop. Um, slower days tend to have a drop. Um, kind of last minute drop. Once at 115 kind of last minute drop. Once at 115 kind of last minute drop. Once at 115 &gt;&gt; 17 117. That's why I'm making her tell &gt;&gt; 17 117. That's why I'm making her tell &gt;&gt; 17 117. That's why I'm making her tell it. It's once at 117 and then again at it. It's once at 117 and then again at it. It's once at 117 and then again at grab. I got a Slinky Dog Lightning Lane, grab. I got a Slinky Dog Lightning Lane, grab. I got a Slinky Dog Lightning Lane, which mind you has been gone for days which mind you has been gone for days which mind you has been gone for days for right now at 4:00. So, that's where for right now at 4:00. So, that's where for right now at 4:00. So, that's where I'm going because I just pulled it and I'm going because I just pulled it and I'm going because I just pulled it and I'm It's for right now. So, highly I'm It's for right now. So, highly I'm It's for right now. So, highly highly used tip. Pumped about this one. highly used tip. Pumped about this one. highly used tip. Pumped about this one. And I bet that might hurt me in the And I bet that might hurt me in the And I bet that might hurt me in the bets. I don't care. I just want to do it bets. I don't care. I just want to do it bets. I don't care. I just want to do it and have fun. and have fun. and have fun. &gt;&gt; Okay, we're going to slide in. Slide in. &gt;&gt; Okay, we're going to slide in. Slide in. &gt;&gt; Okay, we're going to slide in. Slide in. Slinky Dog Dash. We're going to tap in. Slinky Dog Dash. We're going to tap in. Slinky Dog Dash. We're going to tap in. This is an outdoor coaster. Famous to This is an outdoor coaster. Famous to This is an outdoor coaster. Famous to Slinky Dog from Toy Story. It is Slinky Dog from Toy Story. It is Slinky Dog from Toy Story. It is arguably the most popular ride in this arguably the most popular ride in this arguably the most popular ride in this park aside from Rise of the Resistance. park aside from Rise of the Resistance. park aside from Rise of the Resistance. And I do love it that those weight times And I do love it that those weight times And I do love it that those weight times are tough outside in this outdoor queue are tough outside in this outdoor queue are tough outside in this outdoor queue that doesn't have a ton of shade. Getting on Slaky Dog Dash in 22 minutes is on Slaky Dog Dash in 22 minutes is on Slaky Dog Dash in 22 minutes is amazing and especially because it was amazing and especially because it was amazing and especially because it was posted much higher than that. So, that posted much higher than that. So, that posted much higher than that. So, that was a major win for us. Even if we don't was a major win for us. Even if we don't was a major win for us. Even if we don't win today's win today's win today's Emma, we've won something special for Emma, we've won something special for Emma, we've won something special for our own selves and our hearts. Oh, it's our own selves and our hearts. Oh, it's our own selves and our hearts. Oh, it's so pretty in Toy Story Land at night. so pretty in Toy Story Land at night. so pretty in Toy Story Land at night. They have these Christmas lights up all They have these Christmas lights up all They have these Christmas lights up all year and it creates this really year and it creates this really year and it creates this really beautiful warm light. It's like magical beautiful warm light. It's like magical beautiful warm light. It's like magical light, whimsical even. I can't think of light, whimsical even. I can't think of light, whimsical even. I can't think of a better way to follow up having been a better way to follow up having been a better way to follow up having been shrunken down to the size of a toy and shrunken down to the size of a toy and shrunken down to the size of a toy and put on a roller coaster than by getting put on a roller coaster than by getting put on a roller coaster than by getting shrunken down to the size of a cartoon shrunken down to the size of a cartoon shrunken down to the size of a cartoon and sent on a mad cap romp through uh and sent on a mad cap romp through uh and sent on a mad cap romp through uh Disney animation with Mickey and Minnie. Disney animation with Mickey and Minnie. Disney animation with Mickey and Minnie. So, and especially Goofy. Let's ride So, and especially Goofy. Let's ride So, and especially Goofy. Let's ride Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway. Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway. Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway. Currently posted wait time of 45 Currently posted wait time of 45 Currently posted wait time of 45 minutes. We'll see if it really is that minutes. We'll see if it really is that minutes. We'll see if it really is that long. The queue does go outside, so I do long. The queue does go outside, so I do long. The queue does go outside, so I do believe it will be at least that long. believe it will be at least that long. believe it will be at least that long. And no single rider queue on this one. And no single rider queue on this one. And no single rider queue on this one. &gt;&gt; Finally hour. We just went into it. This &gt;&gt; Finally hour. We just went into it. This &gt;&gt; Finally hour. We just went into it. This is so much fun. I love Slinky Dog Dash. is so much fun. I love Slinky Dog Dash. is so much fun. I love Slinky Dog Dash. It's just chill fun. She's a little bit It's just chill fun. She's a little bit It's just chill fun. She's a little bit higher off the ground than you might higher off the ground than you might higher off the ground than you might think and goes a little bit quicker. I think and goes a little bit quicker. I think and goes a little bit quicker. I also want to explain the friend who said also want to explain the friend who said also want to explain the friend who said that that Slinky Dog is scarier than that that Slinky Dog is scarier than that that Slinky Dog is scarier than Tower mainly said that because she feels Tower mainly said that because she feels Tower mainly said that because she feels like people overprepared her for tower like people overprepared her for tower like people overprepared her for tower and didn't warn her at all for Slinky and didn't warn her at all for Slinky and didn't warn her at all for Slinky Dog. So maybe you just need the warning. Dog. So maybe you just need the warning. Dog. So maybe you just need the warning. Okay, we are going to go towards tower. Okay, we are going to go towards tower. Okay, we are going to go towards tower. I got my tower to move up to right now I got my tower to move up to right now I got my tower to move up to right now as well, which was a very nice surprise. as well, which was a very nice surprise. as well, which was a very nice surprise. I hate to walk right past Toy Story I hate to walk right past Toy Story I hate to walk right past Toy Story Mania, but because it was closed when we Mania, but because it was closed when we Mania, but because it was closed when we were walking past it initially, the were walking past it initially, the were walking past it initially, the Lightning Lane was flooded. It's already Lightning Lane was flooded. It's already Lightning Lane was flooded. It's already hit a 45minute wait since it reopened. I hit a 45minute wait since it reopened. I hit a 45minute wait since it reopened. I just think it might take longer even just think it might take longer even just think it might take longer even with a Lightning Lane. So, if we have with a Lightning Lane. So, if we have with a Lightning Lane. So, if we have time, maybe we'll come back. I'm also time, maybe we'll come back. I'm also time, maybe we'll come back. I'm also debating getting a snack, but I'm really debating getting a snack, but I'm really debating getting a snack, but I'm really not hungry. I'm really not hungry right not hungry. I'm really not hungry right not hungry. I'm really not hungry right now, so I don't want to get something now, so I don't want to get something now, so I don't want to get something just cuz. Maybe we'll grab a little just cuz. Maybe we'll grab a little just cuz. Maybe we'll grab a little beverage. beverage. beverage. We'll see. There's Woody. favorite. We'll see. There's Woody. favorite. We'll see. There's Woody. favorite. &gt;&gt; I'm his favorite deputy. You heard it &gt;&gt; I'm his favorite deputy. You heard it &gt;&gt; I'm his favorite deputy. You heard it here first. Technically, we all are. here first. Technically, we all are. here first. Technically, we all are. We're all his favorite deputies. Okay. We're all his favorite deputies. Okay. We're all his favorite deputies. Okay. On our way to Tower. But you know what? On our way to Tower. But you know what? On our way to Tower. But you know what? For me, perfect afternoon includes a For me, perfect afternoon includes a For me, perfect afternoon includes a little window shopping. So, we're going little window shopping. So, we're going little window shopping. So, we're going to pop in just walk through the stores. to pop in just walk through the stores. to pop in just walk through the stores. This is my favorite way to get to rides This is my favorite way to get to rides This is my favorite way to get to rides any rides because I don't want to see any rides because I don't want to see any rides because I don't want to see what they've got. I want to I want to what they've got. I want to I want to what they've got. I want to I want to see what I could spend my money on see what I could spend my money on see what I could spend my money on because where else do I put my money but because where else do I put my money but because where else do I put my money but Disney? Ooh, this speaks to me. I have Disney? Ooh, this speaks to me. I have Disney? Ooh, this speaks to me. I have the gray version of this from the gray version of this from the gray version of this from Disneyland. And this really speaks to Disneyland. And this really speaks to Disneyland. And this really speaks to me. These speak to me. I'm literally me. These speak to me. I'm literally me. These speak to me. I'm literally wearing something very similar right wearing something very similar right wearing something very similar right now. The white ears speak to me as well now. The white ears speak to me as well now. The white ears speak to me as well for signatures. The classic black for signatures. The classic black for signatures. The classic black sparkle speaks to me. This everything is sparkle speaks to me. This everything is sparkle speaks to me. This everything is calling to me. Everything's speaking my calling to me. Everything's speaking my calling to me. Everything's speaking my name. I'm feeling very passionately name. I'm feeling very passionately name. I'm feeling very passionately about it. We're about to have a tower about it. We're about to have a tower about it. We're about to have a tower and it's going to be full of terror. and it's going to be full of terror. and it's going to be full of terror. This is the famous drop ride that takes This is the famous drop ride that takes This is the famous drop ride that takes you into the Twilight Zone. Fun fact you into the Twilight Zone. Fun fact you into the Twilight Zone. Fun fact about me, hated this until I was about about me, hated this until I was about about me, hated this until I was about a job here and I had to ride it once a a job here and I had to ride it once a a job here and I had to ride it once a week for a year and a half and now I week for a year and a half and now I week for a year and a half and now I love it. And that's called exposure love it. And that's called exposure love it. And that's called exposure therapy. I wasn't into it, but now it's therapy. I wasn't into it, but now it's therapy. I wasn't into it, but now it's a favorite. Luckily, it is not on the a favorite. Luckily, it is not on the a favorite. Luckily, it is not on the construction block. I do have a construction block. I do have a construction block. I do have a lightning lane for it, so we're going to lightning lane for it, so we're going to lightning lane for it, so we're going to go ahead and tap it. Ooh, it's blue go ahead and tap it. Ooh, it's blue go ahead and tap it. Ooh, it's blue Tower Terror. I'm feeling scared. Every Tower Terror. I'm feeling scared. Every Tower Terror. I'm feeling scared. Every time I make that noise, I feel like time I make that noise, I feel like time I make that noise, I feel like Stitch from Leo and Stitch when he has Stitch from Leo and Stitch when he has Stitch from Leo and Stitch when he has the cars and he's like tearing up San the cars and he's like tearing up San the cars and he's like tearing up San Francisco and he goes, "Help me. Help Francisco and he goes, "Help me. Help Francisco and he goes, "Help me. Help me." And he's playing the woman in the me." And he's playing the woman in the me." And he's playing the woman in the car. I think that's hilarious. It's one car. I think that's hilarious. It's one car. I think that's hilarious. It's one of my favorite bits just for myself. of my favorite bits just for myself. of my favorite bits just for myself. Okay. Yeah. Tower of Terror. An absolute Okay. Yeah. Tower of Terror. An absolute Okay. Yeah. Tower of Terror. An absolute favorite of mine. It's just so fun. It favorite of mine. It's just so fun. It favorite of mine. It's just so fun. It makes me laugh. I love the way it makes makes me laugh. I love the way it makes makes me laugh. I love the way it makes me feel. I understand deeply if it is me feel. I understand deeply if it is me feel. I understand deeply if it is not your cup of tea because again, it not your cup of tea because again, it not your cup of tea because again, it wasn't mine for 23 years, but it really wasn't mine for 23 years, but it really wasn't mine for 23 years, but it really is now. I also just love it. I love is now. I also just love it. I love is now. I also just love it. I love being surrounded by people who also love being surrounded by people who also love being surrounded by people who also love it and giggle and laugh the whole time. it and giggle and laugh the whole time. it and giggle and laugh the whole time. This was also a great one. We dropped This was also a great one. We dropped This was also a great one. We dropped for what felt like forever. I will say for what felt like forever. I will say for what felt like forever. I will say we only have about 20 minutes left in we only have about 20 minutes left in we only have about 20 minutes left in our day. I don't know that I can make it our day. I don't know that I can make it our day. I don't know that I can make it over to Detroit Mania by the time our over to Detroit Mania by the time our over to Detroit Mania by the time our countdown ends. So, I'm going to attempt countdown ends. So, I'm going to attempt countdown ends. So, I'm going to attempt to do one more like cherry on top to do one more like cherry on top to do one more like cherry on top moment. We might not get to, but we'll moment. We might not get to, but we'll moment. We might not get to, but we'll we'll see what we can do. It is later in we'll see what we can do. It is later in we'll see what we can do. It is later in the year, so the sun is going down a the year, so the sun is going down a the year, so the sun is going down a little bit earlier, but it's 4:44. for little bit earlier, but it's 4:44. for little bit earlier, but it's 4:44. for our cutoff is 5:00 p.m. and we just put our cutoff is 5:00 p.m. and we just put our cutoff is 5:00 p.m. and we just put ourselves on the list for the Brown ourselves on the list for the Brown ourselves on the list for the Brown Derby Lounge. I was I would love to get Derby Lounge. I was I would love to get Derby Lounge. I was I would love to get a drink right before our day ends as a drink right before our day ends as a drink right before our day ends as like a nice little treat. I wasn't like a nice little treat. I wasn't like a nice little treat. I wasn't starving. Um, and I definitely will be starving. Um, and I definitely will be starving. Um, and I definitely will be having dinner after this. But to be having dinner after this. But to be having dinner after this. But to be honest, 4 hours in Hollywood Studios, honest, 4 hours in Hollywood Studios, honest, 4 hours in Hollywood Studios, I'm focusing on rides and entertainment. I'm focusing on rides and entertainment. I'm focusing on rides and entertainment. There are amazing snacks here, but I There are amazing snacks here, but I There are amazing snacks here, but I also think the rides, it's what wins also think the rides, it's what wins also think the rides, it's what wins out. So, we won't do a full meal as part out. So, we won't do a full meal as part out. So, we won't do a full meal as part of this challenge, but we can do a of this challenge, but we can do a of this challenge, but we can do a little something nice for ourselves and little something nice for ourselves and little something nice for ourselves and maybe grab a drink just to celebrate maybe grab a drink just to celebrate maybe grab a drink just to celebrate what I think has been an insanely what I think has been an insanely what I think has been an insanely successful afternoon. successful afternoon. successful afternoon. &gt;&gt; Wow, we managed to ride the five big &gt;&gt; Wow, we managed to ride the five big &gt;&gt; Wow, we managed to ride the five big rides in Hollywood Studios. And you know rides in Hollywood Studios. And you know rides in Hollywood Studios. And you know what? That's what I really want to do what? That's what I really want to do what? That's what I really want to do when I'm here. I do want to see shows when I'm here. I do want to see shows when I'm here. I do want to see shows also, but I just felt the priority to also, but I just felt the priority to also, but I just felt the priority to get us through everything. And we get us through everything. And we get us through everything. And we managed to do it all in four hours. I managed to do it all in four hours. I managed to do it all in four hours. I like the way this day went. Personally, like the way this day went. Personally, like the way this day went. Personally, I hope that you did as well. I'm sorry I hope that you did as well. I'm sorry I hope that you did as well. I'm sorry there wasn't dining. I was toying with there wasn't dining. I was toying with there wasn't dining. I was toying with the idea and looking at some of the walk the idea and looking at some of the walk the idea and looking at some of the walk up lists and nothing lined up within the up lists and nothing lined up within the up lists and nothing lined up within the time frame for us. So, instead, I packed time frame for us. So, instead, I packed time frame for us. So, instead, I packed a day with rides. I had an amazing time a day with rides. I had an amazing time a day with rides. I had an amazing time riding everything with you, and I hope riding everything with you, and I hope riding everything with you, and I hope that you did as well. And uh we'll see that you did as well. And uh we'll see that you did as well. And uh we'll see how it measures up to Emma's day. how it measures up to Emma's day. how it measures up to Emma's day. &gt;&gt; We got up there. It said 10-minute wait. &gt;&gt; We got up there. It said 10-minute wait. &gt;&gt; We got up there. It said 10-minute wait. Um they did let us know. It's going to Um they did let us know. It's going to Um they did let us know. It's going to be longer than that. And now it is 4:55. be longer than that. And now it is 4:55. be longer than that. And now it is 4:55. So I don't think there's anything left So I don't think there's anything left So I don't think there's anything left for us to do today. But I am so thrilled for us to do today. But I am so thrilled for us to do today. But I am so thrilled with our day. I'm proud of my 4 hours. with our day. I'm proud of my 4 hours. with our day. I'm proud of my 4 hours. And I hope that I just did what was And I hope that I just did what was And I hope that I just did what was best. I know I did for me. But is it best. I know I did for me. But is it best. I know I did for me. But is it enough for our judge? enough for our judge? enough for our judge? &gt;&gt; I have been asked to do the impossible. &gt;&gt; I have been asked to do the impossible. &gt;&gt; I have been asked to do the impossible. Judge between two of my best friends. Judge between two of my best friends. Judge between two of my best friends. perfect Disney afternoons at Disney's perfect Disney afternoons at Disney's perfect Disney afternoons at Disney's Hollywood Studios. I I don't even know Hollywood Studios. I I don't even know Hollywood Studios. I I don't even know where to start. Um, you guys both had where to start. Um, you guys both had where to start. Um, you guys both had really incredible fun days and like I really incredible fun days and like I really incredible fun days and like I said, I would be honored to spend a day, said, I would be honored to spend a day, said, I would be honored to spend a day, well, an afternoon at Disney Hollywood well, an afternoon at Disney Hollywood well, an afternoon at Disney Hollywood Studios with you both. You know, Studios with you both. You know, Studios with you both. You know, &gt;&gt; we trust you with our lives, R.J. &gt;&gt; we trust you with our lives, R.J. &gt;&gt; we trust you with our lives, R.J. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; We know that you've made the right &gt;&gt; We know that you've made the right &gt;&gt; We know that you've made the right choice. choice. choice. &gt;&gt; Yes. I trust you more with my life than &gt;&gt; Yes. I trust you more with my life than &gt;&gt; Yes. I trust you more with my life than I do with my own. thing. I do with my own. thing. I do with my own. thing. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, first and foremost, I'm going &gt;&gt; Okay. So, first and foremost, I'm going &gt;&gt; Okay. So, first and foremost, I'm going to start with popularity. to start with popularity. to start with popularity. And the reason I'm starting with this is And the reason I'm starting with this is And the reason I'm starting with this is uh because you know when you talk about uh because you know when you talk about uh because you know when you talk about popularity, of course, we're talking popularity, of course, we're talking popularity, of course, we're talking about um what are the popular things about um what are the popular things about um what are the popular things that are going on at the park, right? that are going on at the park, right? that are going on at the park, right? What what is the thing that everybody What what is the thing that everybody What what is the thing that everybody has to do or wants to do or even the has to do or wants to do or even the has to do or wants to do or even the things that we recommend that you do things that we recommend that you do things that we recommend that you do when you go to the parks? So, I scored when you go to the parks? So, I scored when you go to the parks? So, I scored you both threes for this. you both threes for this. you both threes for this. because you both did the popular things because you both did the popular things because you both did the popular things in the park, which are the popular in the park, which are the popular in the park, which are the popular attractions. Um, and I personally feel attractions. Um, and I personally feel attractions. Um, and I personally feel like if you go to Disney Hollywood like if you go to Disney Hollywood like if you go to Disney Hollywood Studios and you hit all of these Studios and you hit all of these Studios and you hit all of these attractions, attractions, attractions, then you had a good day, right? What do then you had a good day, right? What do then you had a good day, right? What do you guys think about that? you guys think about that? you guys think about that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; honestly, you were listing off how much &gt;&gt; honestly, you were listing off how much &gt;&gt; honestly, you were listing off how much Breed Love did and I was like so Breed Love did and I was like so Breed Love did and I was like so impressed because I don't think Did you impressed because I don't think Did you impressed because I don't think Did you use Lightning Lane? We I I've not I use Lightning Lane? We I I've not I use Lightning Lane? We I I've not I don't even know what Reed Love's done don't even know what Reed Love's done don't even know what Reed Love's done yet. yet. yet. &gt;&gt; I did not use lighting. &gt;&gt; Did that's why I'm like uber impressed &gt;&gt; Did that's why I'm like uber impressed &gt;&gt; Did that's why I'm like uber impressed with you. So, I'll take I'm happily with you. So, I'll take I'm happily with you. So, I'll take I'm happily taking my three, but I think you really taking my three, but I think you really taking my three, but I think you really earned it. earned it. earned it. &gt;&gt; The next category we're going to do is &gt;&gt; The next category we're going to do is &gt;&gt; The next category we're going to do is ease. Now, you kind of said it, Emma. ease. Now, you kind of said it, Emma. ease. Now, you kind of said it, Emma. You did use lightning lanes. You used You did use lightning lanes. You used You did use lightning lanes. You used multipass. And Craig didn't do as much multipass. And Craig didn't do as much multipass. And Craig didn't do as much as you, but he was able to get the big as you, but he was able to get the big as you, but he was able to get the big popular things done. And so for me, you popular things done. And so for me, you popular things done. And so for me, you guys kind of just met in the middle. So guys kind of just met in the middle. So guys kind of just met in the middle. So you both scored two points for that. you both scored two points for that. you both scored two points for that. &gt;&gt; We're currently sitting at a tie, you &gt;&gt; We're currently sitting at a tie, you &gt;&gt; We're currently sitting at a tie, you guys. guys. guys. &gt;&gt; What do you think? &gt;&gt; What do you think? &gt;&gt; What do you think? &gt;&gt; I'm I think I'm glad that I wore my team &gt;&gt; I'm I think I'm glad that I wore my team &gt;&gt; I'm I think I'm glad that I wore my team anxiety sweatshirt because that's how anxiety sweatshirt because that's how anxiety sweatshirt because that's how this is making me feel. this is making me feel. this is making me feel. &gt;&gt; I'm glad &gt;&gt; I'm glad &gt;&gt; I'm glad &gt;&gt; I'm glad I turned the air conditioning &gt;&gt; I'm glad I turned the air conditioning &gt;&gt; I'm glad I turned the air conditioning down to 70. down to 70. down to 70. I'm feeling a I'm feeling some nerves. I'm feeling a I'm feeling some nerves. I'm feeling a I'm feeling some nerves. &gt;&gt; I'm sweating. The last category is &gt;&gt; I'm sweating. The last category is &gt;&gt; I'm sweating. The last category is variety. Took us to go see the props and variety. Took us to go see the props and variety. Took us to go see the props and the costumes of A Muppets's Christmas the costumes of A Muppets's Christmas the costumes of A Muppets's Christmas Carol. Um it was it was so sweet. It was Carol. Um it was it was so sweet. It was Carol. Um it was it was so sweet. It was endearing and it was something off the endearing and it was something off the endearing and it was something off the beaten path. And we know sometimes when beaten path. And we know sometimes when beaten path. And we know sometimes when we go to like you know when we're in the we go to like you know when we're in the we go to like you know when we're in the parks, it's very crowded, it's hot, parks, it's very crowded, it's hot, parks, it's very crowded, it's hot, sometimes it's cold, it's a lot of sometimes it's cold, it's a lot of sometimes it's cold, it's a lot of people. You just need a little moment of people. You just need a little moment of people. You just need a little moment of escape. And I love that you did that escape. And I love that you did that escape. And I love that you did that because it seemed like it was something because it seemed like it was something because it seemed like it was something that was kind of realistic as well. You that was kind of realistic as well. You that was kind of realistic as well. You also, and this was a big one for me, you also, and this was a big one for me, you also, and this was a big one for me, you went to go see Villains, the new villain went to go see Villains, the new villain went to go see Villains, the new villain show. show. show. &gt;&gt; I did. I couldn't resist. &gt;&gt; I did. I couldn't resist. &gt;&gt; I did. I couldn't resist. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, one of our, you know, cast &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, one of our, you know, cast &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, one of our, you know, cast members is friends with Captain Hook. members is friends with Captain Hook. members is friends with Captain Hook. And so, you know, I felt like that was And so, you know, I felt like that was And so, you know, I felt like that was such a cool little fun thing to do. So, such a cool little fun thing to do. So, such a cool little fun thing to do. So, this one's going to Emma. Emma, I scored this one's going to Emma. Emma, I scored this one's going to Emma. Emma, I scored you uh three points for variety. And uh you uh three points for variety. And uh you uh three points for variety. And uh Craig, I did score you two points for Craig, I did score you two points for Craig, I did score you two points for variety. I have one more point to give variety. I have one more point to give variety. I have one more point to give out for the day that I would like to out for the day that I would like to out for the day that I would like to have personally or who I think had the have personally or who I think had the have personally or who I think had the most perfect day, perfect afternoon at most perfect day, perfect afternoon at most perfect day, perfect afternoon at Disney's Hollywood Studios. And this was Disney's Hollywood Studios. And this was Disney's Hollywood Studios. And this was really intense. Like I said, I love you really intense. Like I said, I love you really intense. Like I said, I love you both. I think you both had great days. both. I think you both had great days. both. I think you both had great days. The circumstances for each were The circumstances for each were The circumstances for each were different given the tools and the different given the tools and the different given the tools and the resources that were provided. But in all resources that were provided. But in all resources that were provided. But in all honesty, just because there was a deeper honesty, just because there was a deeper honesty, just because there was a deeper variety, I'm going to have to give it to variety, I'm going to have to give it to variety, I'm going to have to give it to Emma. So Emma, congratulations. &gt;&gt; You have won at least my judgment. My &gt;&gt; You have won at least my judgment. My &gt;&gt; You have won at least my judgment. My &gt;&gt; thank you. &gt;&gt; thank you. &gt;&gt; thank you. &gt;&gt; So that &gt;&gt; So that &gt;&gt; So that &gt;&gt; I'm actually shocked by that. Thank you &gt;&gt; I'm actually shocked by that. Thank you &gt;&gt; I'm actually shocked by that. Thank you so much. so much. so much. &gt;&gt; That's a score of nine for you, Emma. &gt;&gt; That's a score of nine for you, Emma. &gt;&gt; That's a score of nine for you, Emma. And uh that's a score of seven for Greek And uh that's a score of seven for Greek And uh that's a score of seven for Greek love. So So I'm not the end all be all. love. So So I'm not the end all be all. love. So So I'm not the end all be all. Let's take it over to Fry for the social Let's take it over to Fry for the social Let's take it over to Fry for the social ruling. ruling. ruling. &gt;&gt; Hello everyone and welcome back. I am &gt;&gt; Hello everyone and welcome back. I am &gt;&gt; Hello everyone and welcome back. I am Fry, your social correspondent for Rape Fry, your social correspondent for Rape Fry, your social correspondent for Rape My Trip. So what happened this time? We My Trip. So what happened this time? We My Trip. So what happened this time? We posted on our Allers's Net Instagram posted on our Allers's Net Instagram posted on our Allers's Net Instagram page, which if you are not following, page, which if you are not following, page, which if you are not following, you should be because we're going to you should be because we're going to you should be because we're going to need your help with the upcoming need your help with the upcoming need your help with the upcoming episode. So we posted on our Instagram episode. So we posted on our Instagram episode. So we posted on our Instagram stories, which day do you like better? stories, which day do you like better? stories, which day do you like better? We didn't say who did what. We just gave We didn't say who did what. We just gave We didn't say who did what. We just gave you the list. And this time it it it you the list. And this time it it it you the list. And this time it it it wasn't so neck and neck. This time our wasn't so neck and neck. This time our wasn't so neck and neck. This time our winner actually won 78% winner actually won 78% winner actually won 78% compared to the 22% of our loser. Sorry compared to the 22% of our loser. Sorry compared to the 22% of our loser. Sorry to say that. Our social winner for the to say that. Our social winner for the to say that. Our social winner for the afternoon in Hollywood Studios is afternoon in Hollywood Studios is afternoon in Hollywood Studios is Miss Emma. Emma, great job. our social Miss Emma. Emma, great job. our social Miss Emma. Emma, great job. our social media followers agree that you had the media followers agree that you had the media followers agree that you had the best day. So, thank you so much for best day. So, thank you so much for best day. So, thank you so much for watching and I will see you in the next watching and I will see you in the next watching and I will see you in the next episode. This is Fry. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Social. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Social. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Social. Thank you. &gt;&gt; All right, friends. If you guys made it &gt;&gt; All right, friends. If you guys made it &gt;&gt; All right, friends. If you guys made it this far, go ahead and toss us a like this far, go ahead and toss us a like this far, go ahead and toss us a like and subscribe and comment this secret and subscribe and comment this secret and subscribe and comment this secret code down below so we know that you code down below so we know that you code down below so we know that you actually made it. We do a ton of fun actually made it. We do a ton of fun actually made it. We do a ton of fun stuff like this almost every single day stuff like this almost every single day stuff like this almost every single day of the week from theme parks and beyond. of the week from theme parks and beyond. of the week from theme parks and beyond. So, make sure to stick around. Why? So, make sure to stick around. Why? So, make sure to stick around. Why? Because we're serious about fun. Bye Because we're serious about fun. Bye Because we're serious about fun. Bye &gt;&gt; bye.
