---
video_id: fOcJMYK5C4g
channel: AllEars.net
title: "I Forced My Friends to Compete in Magic Kingdom - Gamemaster 48"
published: 2026-03-17
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOcJMYK5C4g
---
We have a list of five tasks we have to do in Magic Kingdom. >> The problem is we don't know what any of them are and we're being controlled by our teammates at home. >> I'm controlling Fry >> and I'm controlling Breedlove. >> Oh, >> it's the all yours game master challenge. >> I think on that note, are we Is it fair to say we're ready to go? >> Yeah, let's send it. >> No, let's send it. >> Yes, let's send it. >> I'm I feel like >> let's send it. Okay, >> I'm going to start walking away. Is that industry talk for let's get start action? >> Action? Oh my gosh, she sprung action on me. I know that term. >> Yeah. >> Okay, here we are. Quincy, the tables have turned. >> Let's do it. >> But not by that much. >> Yeah. I I'm feeling very confident in the purse candiness that's going to occur. I feel like I can I feel like I can guide you to victory. I'm wearing the All Ears Social Club shirt that I've worn in every game video that we've played since the new year. And I haven't washed it and I'm not washing it till I win. >> So, >> I like that plan. So, we got to win today. R.J.'s also wearing his, I think. >> Okay. Yeah, it's winning. Winning is is everything. Just today. >> Yeah, let's do it. >> All right. Where should I go? >> Okay. All right. We have officially started. R.J., this is gonna be a great game master. >> Oh my gosh, >> we're gonna make history. >> Yes, we are. You know what? I was trying to think of our like name and I think our name just needs to be the home team cuz typically we're both playing from home and you're in the park. So, let's root for the home team today. >> I love that. That is the perfect name. That's great. Oh my gosh. Okay, so right now I'm on Main Street. Should I stay on Main Street? Yes. >> Perfect. Should I go indoors? >> Yes. >> Going indoors, there are a couple different options. >> Should I purchase something? >> No. >> No. Okay. So, we're just probably going to look at something, experience something. Um, we don't really need to go into any food locations. Should I go in the emporium? >> No. >> No. Okay. >> Should I go into any of the stores that's on the other side of the street? >> Uh, like like what? Like can you be more of an example? Um, Crystal Arts, Uptown Jewelers, Main Street Cinema, >> those three. >> No. >> Okay, >> that's five questions. >> Okay, that kind of makes me think um, we're going indoors. We're not buying anything. No emporium. no to those other stores. Should I go inside a building that is I don't know how to word this. Um should I go inside a building that is at the end of Main Street like Town Square Theater, City Hall, the fire station, that kind of circle area? >> Yes. >> Perfect. Okay. How can I narrow this? Um, >> you got this. It's super interesting. Like, this is a super interesting task, but I know how smart you are, so we got it. So, should I uh go to Main Street? >> Yes. >> All right, let's go to Main Street. See you there. Bye. >> See you there. >> Do I stay walking this direction on the left hand side of Main Street? >> Um, yes. Do I do something with food? >> Yes. >> Do I eat something? >> Yes. Do I go to the contemp do I do? I go to the confectionary. >> Yes, you go to the confectionary, not the contemporary. >> I was ready to go. Um, I am trying to get him to do I want him to have a win early so that he feels confident because he does not feel confident with game masters. So, I think he'll get a Goofy's Glacier pretty easily. >> I'm walking I'm walking against frying bucket >> and the only hope I've got is she's just fun. >> We got purse candy which we don't get to do a lot in game masters. So, >> that's true. This is very rare. >> It could vote well or it could vote poorly. Who's to say? I think you could say anything you want about us and it would be true. >> I agree. >> Okay, I may be way way here. >> On his way, he has specific food. >> Yes. >> Okay. >> Uh >> the good news is if he hits 10 questions and he has to do the like >> the little punishment to slow him down, it's not a bad one. So hopefully he won't feel too >> not a surprise to anyone >> too bogged down by it >> at least. >> I might literally do these in No. No. I'm going to try to get him to a map. >> Should I go into a building that is on the side where the parades come in and out? So that would mean barber shop, fire station, city hall. That side. >> Yes. >> Aha. He should I go into the fire station? >> No. >> No. Uh-oh. It's okay. It's okay. >> We We've got two questions left. >> Should I go into city hall? >> Yes. >> Okay. >> Oh my god. This is insane. We have one question left. >> We have one question left. I'm wondering what it could I got to think about this. Interesting. >> I'm going to mute you really quick. Okay. >> Okay. >> So, I my strategy is to start off with the hardest >> on this list. >> And this is super >> a detail detail. Show off a picture. >> I just need her to show off a map. I need her to show off a show off a map in a different language. I need her to show off a map in a different language. And so my strategy is to take her into guest relations first to do that. So I just need her to to go in there and just show everything off and I can be like, "That's it." So we'll see. Okay, I'm back. Okay. Um I feel like I kind of need to rip the band-aid off a little bit. Am I showing you a detail of some sort? >> Um I'm going to say >> yes. >> Okay. Now I can I can try something. I'm also nervous because like the cast members are standing there and they're going to be like, "How can I help you?" And I'm going to be like, "I don't know. I don't know how you can help me right now. Should I eat a Goofy's glacier? >> Yes, >> because it is a Goofy's glacier. Well, maybe it was jet something, but okay. I'm going to order and consume a Goofy's glacier. Is there something? Is that it? >> Uh, no. >> That's it. That's the cons like when I do that that that I've done it. >> It is. That is not it. >> That's not it. >> Oh my gosh. Do I take a picture with it? >> No. >> I'm already >> That was your That was your ninth question. >> Okay. >> Um so you can ask one more and then try something. Yeah. >> Okay. So, but we've we've established the fact that yes, I am ordering and consuming a Gucci Gucci squish. That is correct. You are ordering and consuming Uhupi Glacier. >> Okay. Am I taking a picture with it? >> You just asked that. The answer is no. >> Oh, was it? Okay. So, I already asked that, so I'm not taking a picture today. >> Um >> Oh, sorry. I You might have been talking to yourself. >> Um, yes, you're you're reviewing it. Um, so that's your final question. Um, you can try something and we'll see if it's right. >> Okay, I'll try something and see if it's right. >> Just leave me on the phone while you order. >> Okay, we're inside. This is guest relations. There is an ATM here if you need cash or more money. There's couple benches, nice big desk. We've got a picture of Abraham Lincoln and George Washington. There's also a Braille map over here. This is where the map is located. Um, do you need that? Well, there's one in here and there's one further down Main Street. I'm also looking. There's a picture of Walt Disney in the enchanted Tiki Room. There's Roy Disney. A picture of him giving the dedication on opening day. More pictures of Walt Disney in here. >> Okay, Quincy, I've chosen three flavors to stack on top. >> You should drink it cuz it's probably good, but you have done the task. The task was to create your own drink with at least two flavors. It's a miracle. I went red, white, and blue. I thought, well, let's be patriotic. And I'm excited. The >> the majority, >> does he think it's drink a patriotic drink? >> Wait, what did you say? >> I was like, does he think it's drink a patriotic drink? >> Maybe. I You never know. >> With Emma, >> you never know. >> You never know. >> She's got a mind of her own. >> It's true. >> Wow. I was not up on the current flavor list. And they have watermelon and it's so good. And I mixed it with pina filada and blue raspberry. >> Does it is it all is it good? Is it a good mix? >> It sounds good. >> Well, you know, co coconut can make things taste like soap real quick. >> It's true. It's true. That is a quality of coconut. >> I wouldn't say that this one doesn't do that. >> I see. I see. A little bit soapy. A soapy goofy glacier. Yeah, but at least it tastes clean. >> Exactly. Exactly. >> So, now I'm doing my next one, which is >> You are We're on to the next task. >> I'm doing walking on Main Street, drinking this, and looking at Kingella Castle. >> That sounds nice. >> It is nice. You should be here, but not playing against >> I should just hanging out. Should I stay on Main Street? >> Yes. >> Then I'm going to stop here on Center Street and admire the Rubio Arts artworks. Should I stay on this, which is now my right hand side of Main Street? >> No. >> Remember kids, look both ways before crossing the street. Here we go. I want him to either go to the maps which are closer to the front entrance or I want him to take a picture which is in the middle. So >> inside except for emporium, >> but he's not going in. So I hopefully he asks me if he should like go in the emporium and I'm going to say no. >> Inside or Casey's Corner, a little hot dog shopppee on the corner. I'm going to ask a question. >> Yes. >> Should I go to Casey's Corner? >> No. >> Good. So, that means we're staying in Emporium. That means we're doing something related to merchandise. I do have to ask those questions. >> Please ask. >> So, should I pick out something for Fry Bucket? >> I'm nervous. No. Should I pick out something for >> I'm finding something? >> This is why you always asking. >> You never know what you're not thinking of and he's going to get >> piece of merchandise >> and pouring them. >> No, >> right. Am I finding a specific character on a piece of merchandise? No, >> this is this is rough because he is in he hasn't asked me whether he needs to be in a pornium or not. >> No specific piece of merchandise. No character specifically. >> No merchandise at all. >> And I am to get something in there. Find something. Am I looking for merchandise? >> No. Um, also just to recap what you what you have learned from this questions is that you are not staying on the right side of Main Street and you're not going to Casey's. That's all you've learned, but that you are on Main Street USA. >> So, am I looking for a specific window with someone's name? >> No, he's gone very He's gone too specific too quickly. >> Am I to do in the streets? Am I looking for a specific sign? >> No. >> And that was your ninth question, by the way. >> Is it something related to the firehouse? >> No. And that was your 10th question. So, if you would like to try something, you may. And if not, I will let you know what the uh 10 question punishment is. >> I'm just going to walk to the barber shop cuz that was going to be my next question. And I stand there and I'm just pretend that I'm a barberh shop quartet and I'm going to sing a song. >> There's more pictures. There's Walt sitting in front of City Hall in Disneyland. There's Walt Disney on the train with Mickey. Here is the big braille map which shows everything. >> Okay. Um, we just got our first task. Woo! You did. >> Okay. What was it? What was it? So, the task was to show off a map in another language. And Braille, it's language for those who are um eyesight impaired. So, we got it. >> Yes. And that was the hardest one. Oh, this is going to be great. >> That was Well, there's another one that's kind of hard, but we're we're knocking them off, so that's great. Awesome. Okay. >> Oh my gosh. >> Good job. We can move to the next one. >> Thank you. Thank you. Okay. Next one. Should I stay on Main Street? >> Yes. >> Oh, I love when that happens. >> Right. Should I go indoors? >> Yes. >> Oh, okay. Should I purchase something? >> Yes. Oo, this is going to be fun. Okay, so talking about purchasing something. Usually in a game master, my mind goes to food. So we've got the connectionary is what I almost said. The confectionary, we've got Main Street Bakery. We've got Casey's Corner and Plaza Ice Cream Parlor. Should I purchase something sweet? >> Yes. >> Hey. >> Okay. purchasing something sweet. Could be ice cream. Could be confectionary. Should I get something from the confectionary? >> Yes. >> Love this. >> That's five questions. >> Okay. >> I think that's okay. We could do it. We could do it. >> Yes. >> So, the confectionary here in Magic Kingdom, it's your sweet shop. It's going to have everything you could ever ever dream of. Candy, snacks, bakery, cupcakes, popcorn, everything. A whole wall of M&amp;M's. There's so much here. It just smells like sugar when you walk in. We have got to narrow this down. So, oh, they also have slushies or what they call goofy glaciers. Okay. Should I buy something from the bakery case? >> No. >> No. >> Okay. My next question would be, should I get my own popcorn creation? >> No. >> No. Should I get something from the big wall of like M&amp;M's and Skittles? >> No. Okay. Okay. How many questions do I have left? >> You have two. >> It's It's okay. It's okay. Um, >> she literally said goofy glaciers, you guys. She literally said >> should I buy something that I have to chew? >> That you have to chew? >> Yes. Like a food item that I have to chew, not a drink? >> No. Okay. Hopefully this is in the right direction. Should I get a a slushie? A Goofy's glacier. >> Yes. >> Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Okay, we've made it to the Harmony Barber Shop. It's Harmony because Harmony like music, like barberhop quartet. So, I'm going to pretend I'm in the Dapper Dans, one of the best barberh shop quartets of the world, and sing Daisy, Daisy, give me an answer. True. I'm half crazy. Something with you. We won't have a stylish marriage. We can't afford the carriage, but we'll look sweet on the bicycle built for two. Sorry, I can't harmonize with myself. >> Yeah, it is upsetting that you can't harmonize with yourself. That was not the task. But, uh, I don't think you'll hate this uh this punishment too much. All you have to do is sit on a bench and share one of your favorite spots to take a break in Disney World. >> This is This is a weird This is my favorite bench in Magic Kingdom. And you know what? It's empty right now because that's why I love it because it's kind of high-profile. It's in front of city hall and it is very decorative. It looks like maybe you're not supposed to sit here and it's also not very comfortable. So, it's not inviting, but when you sit down, when you haven't been sitting for a long time and all the other benches are full because they are inviting and they're not on a weird stage when you first enter Main Street. Uh, it it these this this bench would be here for you and you can use it or if I'm sitting here, you can come sit here with me. It's a tight fit. I've sat here with a friend and it was a little awkward. A lot of our bodies were touching just from casually sitting passively. Um, but that's okay. Maybe you want to be here with your loved person and have a nice sit where your legs touch and you go, it's like the turn of the century where we could get arrested for this. Is that is that that specific bench is one of your favorite places to relax because it's so significant? >> Yes. >> Fair. >> It's it it is. It is. >> Yeah. It was that the thing. Did I do it? >> Yeah, you did it. That's it. So, you can you can get back at it. It's just sit on any bench and then you can talk about any place to relax. And this bench just happened to be your favorite place to relax. So, you're good. >> It really is. I mean, we were close by it. Look at this. This is yours. This is your bench, too. This is not >> Yeah, this >> bench does not belong to me. This bench belongs to the whole Disney World. >> It's our bench. >> Can I just sit on the bench? >> We should let Fry Bucket sit on the bench and I should just spend 4 hours figuring this out. >> Yeah, that's a good idea. Well, maybe we'll do less than four hours, but you know, we can >> Okay, well, back to it. Should I go to the train uh I'm sorry. Well, should I go to the train station? Um, no. >> That's okay. How about the firehouse? >> You asked the firehouse already. >> Well, what did you answer? Just kidding. >> I did answer. I answered no to the firehouse. So, you were going to >> the barberh shop. Nothing about the barber shop. >> That's a question. >> Did it sound like a question? >> Yeah, and I'll answer it. Nothing about the barber shop. No. No barber shop. curses. Is it about the emporium? >> No, >> it's not about the emporium. >> Can't you can't just make up pl you know you can't make up places. >> Um I can and I will but also this is not a madeup place. >> City Hall question mark. >> Yes. >> So back to where I was where I was relaxing >> maybe >> like showing the only ATM in Magic Kingdom. No, although I just used that >> city hall. No ATM, although this is the home of the only ATM in Magry Kingdom. >> Should you ever need cash? >> Like getting pressed pennies. >> Should you need cash for any reason? Okay. >> Okay. >> Do I I'm going to sit back down on my bench. This is too stressful. >> Okay. Do I go inside? >> No. You can get maps of a different language inside city hall, but there are map stands outside of city hall around the front of the park. They're also by the train station, but I didn't want to throw him off. Um, >> should I go get a park map? >> Yes, >> but that's indoors. >> Um, are there not stands for park maps outside? Bill. Oh. I got the English language guide map. Uh, is there something that I should be getting other than this? >> Yes, >> I'm grabbing the Portuguese map because I have some friends. >> And you have completed the task. >> Yay. >> It is show off a map in another language. Okay, I got Portuguese. Someday I'd like to live in Lisbon for Portugal. >> That would be really cool. >> I would like to go to Brazil. Even though I know the Portuguese is a little bit different between the two. >> Yeah. >> Okay. So, I did it. >> But nice. That's two. We're at two. >> Okay. I'm just going to sit here and study this uh in Portuguese a minute. >> That sounds like a good idea. >> Oh, wow. Look at this. It's not that different from English. Disney Starlight. Dream the night away. Got this. >> You did. I didn't know you speak Portuguese. >> Hi, I'm back. >> Okay. What did you get? >> I got a Goofy's Glacier. I combined some flavors. It's cherry and Coke and it has gold star sprinkles on top. >> Okay. Well, that was the challenge. Woo! The challenge was to create your own drink with at least two flavors. >> Oh my gosh. Good, good, good, good. Yay. >> We are killing this thing, girl. We are going through this. >> We are killing it. And you know, as I was buying it, my thoughts on what the challenge was going to be. I thought it was going to be give yourself a brain freeze. >> Oh, really? I hope you didn't do that. Oh, no. >> No, I didn't. And I was like, uh, what if what if what if I have to drink the whole thing in 30 seconds? That would be crazy. >> That is hilarious. Okay, let me know when you're ready for the next one. >> Oh my goodness. Two, we are just crushing this. >> We are. You really are. >> I'm very doubtful. But should I stay on Main Street? >> Yes. >> You're kidding. If you know anything about me, my one of my strategies that I can discuss with you is I'm going to do as much as we can in one area before I have you go somewhere else. >> And that is why you're a good game master. Okay. >> Should I go indoors? >> No. >> No. I figured. >> Okay. What can I do? >> Do I need to take a picture? >> Yes. Oh my word. Okay. Does it have to be a photo pass picture? >> Yes. Oh my god. This is insane. >> They're not going to ever let us play together. We're too good. We're too good. >> We are going to be too good. Okay. Um, is there anything more specific to this task or is that it? >> Um, so you're asking what are you asking? >> Sorry. Sorry. Is that the task? >> Wait, don't answer that. >> Do I need to get more specific about this task? >> Is that the question? >> Yes. >> Yes. >> Okay, >> we have five questions left. >> Okay. There are a lot of photo pass photographers all up and down Main Street, so there are plenty of options to take your photos. Um, and then let's see. Do I need to take >> a magic shot? >> Yes, that is the task. >> This is crazy. >> That is This is insane. That is the task. That's all that you have to do. >> Oh my word. Okay, I'm hopping in line right now. >> Okay. Well, call me after you take it. >> Okay. Bye. >> Okay. Bye. >> Okay. Should I stay on Main Street? >> Yes. >> And why him? >> You're taking pity on on me. >> I'm I'm a big I'm a big proponent of we don't take too many steps as until necessary. >> Good. Plus, if I could stay on this bench as much as possible. >> This is like the opposite of the situ. I was very uncomfortable sitting outside test track. It was loud and I was in pain. I need to start looking at weight times for when I do take him off of Main Street cuz he has to do >> Should I uh stay out of this Can I do this from this >> No. >> Curses. Drat. Should I move to the train station? >> No. >> Should I move >> I think this one might be a little harder. The photo passmatic shot is rough. >> Town Square Theater. >> No. >> Facing the castle. Should I go to the right hand side of Main Street again? >> No. >> Should I go to Employ? >> No. >> Should I go to Casey's? >> No. >> Should the firehouse? Nope. >> Should I go to the Chamber of Commerce? >> Nope. >> Should I go to city? Should I go to city hall? >> No. That's 10. If you want to tell us uh go find a bench to sit on if you're not still on a bench and tell us about uh your favorite place to relax. >> Um let's talk about in >> Oh, can it be a place that's gone? >> Yeah, sure. I used to love going to Star Wars Launch Bay in Hollywood Studios. >> Huge indoor space with really really high functioning uh air conditioning >> and just uh a nice place to go and get out of direct sunlight. It was kind of dark and it felt good and restorative. Uh, of course it's been closed to make way for the new Disney Animation Studios experience, which is uh much more appropriate than a Star Wars attraction in Animation Courtyard and brings it back to its original intended use for that space, which is exciting. Uh, but I'll be sad to not be able to go in there and sit and get it AC. Maybe maybe there'll be lots and space for that there, too. >> Mhm. Hopefully. >> All right. So, did I ask about the barber shop? >> You did not ask about the barber shop. >> Is it Do I do the barber shop? >> Nope. >> Well, I've gone through everything. I guess she's making stuff up again. >> I'm making stuff up again. >> Not you. Emma L. Oh, Emar Rouge. Yeah. >> Okay. Um, I'm not So, I'm not going inside anywhere. Am I finding something specific? >> No. >> Am I having my photo taken on Main Street? >> Yes. >> Am I going to a photo pass photographer or am I Yes. >> Yes. So go go to So I understand why you said yes, but that is complicated because they're directly in the center of mainstream. >> Yeah. >> But now I understand. I've got to go. It working with you kids is like playing jazz music. Sometimes you got to just turn off your mind and let your soul do all the work. >> I think I I think I said I I didn't say yes to you going left. I said no to you going right because it's in the center. Details, details. Quincy, come on. We've got we've got tasks to complete. >> Listen, I'm trying to be as explicit as possible here. >> Yeah, don't get too explicit. This is a G-rated program. >> That's true. And it's true. I did it. >> Woohoo. Exciting. >> Wow. >> We are on a roll. >> We are. That's what, three down. >> That's three down. We have two left. >> Crazy. Crazy. Okay. Again, I'm not hopeful, but should I stay on Main Street? >> No. >> Yeah, it's probably about time. Okay. >> Now, when walking down Main Street, looking at the castle, should I go left? >> Um, remind me what's to the left again. Is that Adventure Land? >> I would say, yeah, Adventure Land, Liberty Square, Frontier Land. No. >> No. Okay. >> So, that leaves Fantasy Land's kind of in the back, but you know, kind of on the right. And then Tomorrowland. Should I go to Tomorrowland? >> Yes. >> All right. Should I go indoors? >> No. >> Should I write an attraction? No. >> Okay, we have five questions left. >> Okay, >> let's think about this. >> Something in front outside. Should I show off a detail? >> He says, "Since you show off a detail?" >> Yes. Like Easter egg, a detail about the land. anything like that. >> Uh, I'm going to say no. >> Okay. >> You know what? I'm going to rephrase that. You're You asked me if you should show off a detail, right? >> Uh-huh. >> Uh, I'm going to say yes. I'm going to say yes to that. >> Okay. >> Okay. Showing off a detail. M. >> So, how many questions have I asked? >> Uh, 1 2 3 4 5 six. So, we have four left. >> Okay. >> Showing off the detail. Should I do something about how Buzz Lightyear is getting redone? >> No. >> Okay. I'm going to split Tomorrowland in half and I'm going to say the the front half is People Mover, Buzz, Carousel Progress, and then the back half Space Mountain, Tron, Tomorrowland, Speedway. Should I stay in the front half of Tomorrowland? >> No. >> No. Okay. Going to the back half. Is this detail over by Tron? No. >> No. Okay. >> So, I have one question. >> You have one question. >> Okay. >> Hello. I've done it. I've done a whole photo shoot on Main Street. >> A whole photo shoot on Main Street. Could you tell me about it? >> Yes. >> What kind of pics did you take? >> Yeah, sure. My photographer's name was Paulo. >> What if the task was get pictures taken by a man named Po? No, she's a wonderful lady. >> Oh, pala. >> A young a young woman. >> A young woman. >> And she um >> she took my picture. >> Okay. >> Um I held the the Portuguese map uh and I did a photo shoot with the map in case that was important. In general, I just wanted to tie it in with the uh previous challenge. Um, and then she had me do a couple magic shots. She made me hold my hands out on either side of me and she also had me look down at the ground and I didn't know what it would be and I still don't and I don't and I I won't know until I received the pictures in the photo gallery of the My Disney Experience app. >> Well, it sounds to me like you did the task because the task was take a magic shot. >> Oh, okay. Great. Well, that's three of you offered and I said yes. >> Amazing. Cuz you you did not think to ask. >> Sometimes I say, "Oh, no. Thank you." >> With the magic shot. >> Sh. She was so nice and I was in the moment and she was got, you know, she was I felt like I was in New York in the 1980s and I was a new model in town. >> Oh. >> And I was Yes. And Yes. They don't they don't always ask either, but you can request magic shots. You can ask the photo pass photographers if they have any magic shots that you can take. So, always an option. >> That's right. >> Um, >> okay. So, do I stay on Main Street? >> No, we're finally moving on. >> Do I go do I go to the face of the castle, the right half of uh, Magic Kingdoms? >> Yes. >> Do I go to Tomorrowland? >> Yes. Okay, I'm going to Tomorrowland. >> This is going to be a a random question. >> Should I show off where you can get your driver's license? >> No. >> Uh, okay. What's the punishment? >> Okay. The punishment >> that we haven't even hit until the third the fourth task. >> It's okay. It's okay. I honestly believe you'll still get it. It's it's pretty easy and and once you get it, you'll get it. Uh, but accomplishment is to sit on a bench and share one of your favorite spots to take a break in Disney World. So, it's not too bad. Just find any bench and share your favorite spot. >> Perfect. I'm was right next to one. I'm sitting on a bench. Awesome. >> One of my favorite spots that I just spent some time at this morning before Breedlove got its magic today. I was sitting at Terrace restaurant and it was very beautiful. I had a great view of the castle. It was in the shade. It was nice and cool and quiet. So, if you need a break, head over to Smarland Terrace. >> Oh, yeah. That is a great tip. Awesome. >> Okay, let's get back into these questions. >> Oh, I was worried the punishment was going to be like something specific on the other side of the park. >> No, we're good. >> Okay, so starting back over with 10 questions. Is this hidden detail, whatever it is, is it close to Space Mountain? Um, I'm going to say yes. >> Yes. Okay. Heading over kind of in the space mound area. >> Is this detail something that guests notice like like it's common for a guest to notice this? Yes. >> Okay. >> Does it have to do with the palm trees? >> No. >> No. Okay. >> Well, now that I know the punishment is easy, I might start asking questions like crazy. >> Yes. >> Does it have to do with the jaw freeze? >> No. No. >> Does it have to do with the face paint? >> No. >> Is this like an architectural detail? >> Yes. >> Okay. Okay. Good. Um, >> four questions left. >> No, you don't. >> Am I pointing out like where the old Skyway used to be? >> No. >> Oh. Um, >> three questions left. >> Oh gosh. >> Come on, Fry. You got this. Like, I I know you got this. >> No pressure. >> No pressure at all. Does it >> Does it have to do >> with the gift shop building? >> No. >> Does it have to do with the Space Mountain building? >> No. Ooh. >> Okay. I'm entering Tarland. Is this something that I >> Okay. Do I ride something? >> No. >> Oh, I didn't know I was muted. The answer is no. >> Okay. Hey, how you doing? Oh, yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. I ran I ran a lot and I did the 10K and the half marathon. So, >> that's so many. >> Yeah, it was a lot. >> Little higher walking around. >> But yesterday was a lot worse than today. Today we're okay. >> Okay, that's good. That's >> I slept a lot and now I'm here to have fun and play with you and I got Yeah. cherry coke. I mean, and with stars cuz it's a celebration. >> Absolutely. So, thank you. Love you. See you later. >> I'm going to be a little self-absorbed for a second and say that I thought Chip was telling me that he knew I was fry because of fry speed, but he just saw the KT tape on my legs and my shirt and just noticed that I ran the half marathon. So, that was a little embarrassing, I'll be honest. But we got through it. >> They were doing really well. >> Do I do something with food here? >> No. Do I do something with I'm trying to figure out why specifically Tomorrowland if we're not writing something >> and not food related. >> He's thinking maybe it's merch related, but it's a theming detail. But I think he'll get there. >> Am I here to meet a character? >> No. >> Am I here to do something with merchandise? No, >> just going to ask a random question. Does it have to do with the big sphere that's here in Tomorrowland? >> The big what did you say? >> The big like sphere globe earth thing. >> Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. >> Oh my gosh. I should have known. >> Oh my gosh. I'm so sorry. It was so hard to communicate that. >> It's okay. So, I don't even know the real name for this thing, but it is a little thing here in Tomorrowland. It actually weighs a lot a lot to launch, but because it's on water and other things, it's very easy to move. So, I'm standing right next to it. I'm moving it. There's actually constellations on it. And it's some point, wherever it is, the castle is on here to show you where it is on Earth. >> Okay. So, wait. So, wait. So, you are moving it right now? >> Yes, I was moving it. I was a second ago. >> Okay, that was the task. The task was spin the 13,000 lb granite sphere. >> I did it because I'm strong. >> Yes. Woohoo. >> Wow, >> you guys really >> Mhm. >> All right. All right, we have one left. >> First question. Should I stay in Tomorrowland? >> No. >> No. >> Okay. No. >> Okay. >> The punishment was easy. Should I go to Liberty Square? >> Yes. >> All right. >> Okay. Now, what could we be doing in Liberty Square? >> Do I see a show? >> Nope. They carousel progress which is confusingly a show and a ride >> or Monta. >> Do I uh push the granite ball? >> Yes. Yes. Yes. >> It is. >> Yes. >> I love that. >> Oh my gosh. Yes. Graham and I came when when this first went in, my uncle Graham said, "They've put it this ball and I don't know. It's kind of weird, but we should go check it out." Oh my gosh. I guess I guess you could push it and like make it go really uh >> Yeah. >> Oh, it was down the back. >> I um The task is uh put spin 13,000 lbs of granite. >> Oh my gosh. Well, I'm spinning 13,000 lbs of granite as we speak. >> Amazing. >> Balanced on water down here. >> Okay, so this last one is going to be tricky because I'm going to need to mandate steering him towards Little Mermaid, even if he asks other questions, because the lines are too long and we're in the last question. So, it could literally be a race to the finish depending on how Fry and R.J. are doing. kind of interesting. >> So, let's get this man on a Little Mermaid ride as soon as he's done talking about all of the details and facts of the granite sphere that he's spinning, which could take another 15 to 20 minutes. Should I go indoors? >> Yes. Oh, okay. Indoors in Liberty Square. A few options. That could be Hall of Presidents. It could be the Christmas store. It could be Haunted Mansion or the Haunted Mansion store. Um, should I experience an attraction? >> Yes. >> Ooh, fun. >> Should I ride the Haunted Mansion? >> Sure. >> Oh my gosh. Well, that's exciting. Um, I'm just going to ask something else. By riding the Haunted Mansion, is that completing the task? >> Absolutely. >> Oh my gosh, that's amazing. All right, let's What's >> Last one? Last one. >> Well, I could tell you if I could. >> Do I stay on the right hand side of Magic? >> Yes. >> Do I go Do I stay in Tomorrowland? >> No. >> Do I go to I have to go to Banas? Okay. Do I go to uh Storybook Circus? >> No. >> Okay. Do I ride something? >> Yes. >> Okay. Do I ride teacups? >> No. >> Do I ride many adventures of the food? >> No. >> Do I ride It's a small one? >> No. I ride. Oh, well, okay. Yeah. Do I new fantasy, right? Do I ride uh Little Mermaid? >> Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. >> Yes. Yes. Oh my gosh. >> Go ride Little Mermaid. >> Is there anything else I do or is it just Little Mermaid? >> No. Just send it. >> Oh my gosh. Little Mermaid. >> Okay. I'm I'm going to get in the line. >> Okay. All right. Tell me as soon as you're off. >> I'm going to Is this Is this green? >> Is it possible? >> If you if we I think we might be at a foot race. I'm not sure. So, just go get on it and get off it as soon as you can. >> I'm walking swiftly but not rudely. >> Yeah. Okay. Let me know when you're off. I'll talk to you soon. >> Thank you. Bye >> bye. Heat. Heat. Great job, Fry Bucket. >> Thank you. Good job to you as well. Y'all were very close. I got nervous. >> It was tough. I knew you must have been having some struggle moments if we got that close in the game, but awesome job. If you made it to the end, go ahead and put this password in the comments below. >> And don't forget to like and subscribe. We post games, challenges, tips, and more from Disney World and beyond all week long because >> we're serious about fun. >> Nice. >> See you next time. Five.
