---
video_id: -dNWMcrS5ZY
channel: AllEars.net
title: "The Secret to Having the Best Day in Universal Studios Florida"
published: 2026-01-12
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dNWMcrS5ZY
---
Hey friends, this is Quincy and you're watching All Ears. And we are here today at Universal Studios to have the best day ever. Along the way, I'm going to be sharing all of our tips, tricks, info, secrets, everything you need to know to make sure you have your best day ever when you come to Universal Studios. Lots of fun to have. We've got Harry Potter and the Escape of Gringots. Mommy, we've got to meet Shrek. Lots to do on the docket. We're going to we're going to do our best uh and get started cuz it is rope drop. It is 1000 a.m. So, the park did just open and as you can see, the streets are flooded with people. Uh, I am actually doing this on one of the busiest weeks of the year. It is just after New Year's. Uh, so super super slammed. Now, there was no early entry available to hotel guests and annual passholders this morning and likely if you're coming to Universal, you are maybe staying not on property, uh, which means you wouldn't have access to that anyway if it was an option. We're going to wait in these long lines to get in. It is like exactly 10 right now, so you can see how many people are already in the park. These days, most of the time, Universal Studios doesn't have early entry. It's often Islands of Adventure and Epic Universe has it. Uh, but usually Universal Studios doesn't. Just make sure to check if you are staying in a hotel so you don't miss out on some extra park time. That said, if you don't have access to early entry, no worries. We are going to be starting with Despicable Me Minion Mayhem. Because here's the thing, at Universal Studios, there's really two rides that you want to focus on at Rop Drop. It is either Despicable Me Minion Mayhem, which is more of a family gear, Despicable Me Ride, or Harry Potter and the Escape from Gringots. Now, since we're coming in the front of the park, anybody who is coming over on the Hogwarts Express from Islands of Adventure is going to be a lot closer to Harry Potter and the Escape from Gringots. And that queue is better. So, if I want a longer wait later in the day, I would rather wait in the really cool Escape from Gringots queue instead of in the back and forth turn styles of Despicable Me Minion Mayhem. Yay. It's saying it's supposed to 45minute wait. I think it's going to be a bit shorter. So, we're going to go ahead and hop in line for Despicable Me Minion Mayhem. Despicable Me Minion Mayhem is one of two Despicable Me rides. This one is a motion simulator attraction where you join a group uh and become a minion yourself. He has a minionizer gun. It is just a motion simulator. Your kids will love it. Um but it's not the most exciting ride in the world. So, if that doesn't sound like it might be worth a super long wait to you, try to ride this one when it has a bit of a shorter weight. And remember to always look at lines with your eyes. This is true at any theme park, but especially Universal and Disney World. Uh, and especially first thing in the morning because they are kind of doing their best with figuring out how long the lines are. As you can see, most of the switchbacks back here are empty. That line over there is the express line. So, that's what's going to slow us down a bit, but even that isn't super long. So, I'm feeling optimistic. All right, that's 35 minutes and we're in the pre-show room. So, shorter than the posted, but not by much. And it is posted about an hour now. So, we saved some time by coming here first. I'm not sure why the door is so tall, but I do know that at the bottom there's a little door that says minions only, which we'll be going through soon when we get minionized. >> It appears that some of you have not showered in like a week. Gross. >> You're going to top secret villains. >> All right, I guess this is the end of the best day ever because I'm a minion and doesn't get better than that. So, it was nice seeing you guys. your moves. Commence the guide of the love. >> Hi guys. You know the minionization didn't take. I know. I'll have to go through again. All right. Minionization occurred. Um, we got a My Universal Photos card. Now, the way this works is it's got this little QR code on the back and you can scan it to add it to your My Universal Photos account. Now, you can do this without paying and you can preview the photos. There's a watermark on it. You can't save them, that kind of thing. But you can also purchase on my Universal Photos photo package to get the pictures if you'd like. A pro tip that not a lot of folks know is that if you do happen to have an annual pass, you can purchase for the entire year. Uh it's just not really listed anywhere obvious, but helpful to know. I think we're going to get a little late breakfast early lunch snack um at Today Cafe. This is one of my favorite spots and it's one that you might not think to go to because it is a Today Show themed restaurant. You might think, how good is the food for today's show? You know, uh, the answer is actually, yeah. The pastry case here is awesome. The sandwiches and the salads are great here. And they have breakfast and lunch sandwiches kind of all day, which is awesome. So, I don't know. I'm going to get a little something. Okay, the good news is, if you haven't been to Universal in a long time, they've really gotten their food lines and mobile ordering under control. Um, for a while there it was like you could wait in like a 45 minute line to get a table and then have to wait for your food or you might not wait in a long line for your table, but then you might sit and wait for your food forever or both. Luckily, they've kind of figured it out. But even on super busy days, the Today Cafe is empty and the food's really good. I went for something that's a little breakfasty, a little lunchy, and I got avocado toast. So good here. And then you can sit and watch the Today Show when it's on. Or you can do what I like to do and look out on the street and people watch as they go by. All right, avocado toast time. It's got cashews and red onions and arugula. It's just one piece. Um, and it is like $14, but it's a big enough portion that feels like a theme park price. You know what I mean? It's good. Honestly, this tastes like something you get at like some bougie brunch restaurant and you probably pay about the same amount, if not more, or 20 bucks. If you ask a Universal team member what the number one thing you should do at Universal is, they will say the Born Stuntacular. It is a stunt show. It is an incredible stunt show. Uh I can't film, but I think there's a few clips online that we can show you. It is themed to Jason Bourne. Uh it is multimedia in a way that is shocking. We have made it with 6 minutes before the next show starts. It is a huge theater. Um, so luckily, even on very busy days like today, you can kind of stroll up last. You might not end up in a very good seat. Uh, but there are also tons of shows all day that you can catch. I've never even seen any of the Jason Bour movies, and I love the show. All you need to know is that the stunts are fun. >> Please stand by for your Questor Alliance Group Homeland Security League, Nichollet Parsons. >> Thank you for agreeing to join this unique situation analysis team. Frankly, we need strike that I need your help. >> Okay. So, we are operatives trying to bring Jason Bourne in. Okay. >> So, if you're keeping track, we have now become minions and spy operatives today. Okay. Keep keep up because there's going to be there's going to be more. >> I've chosen a silly seat. Heat. Heat. that show rules. The studs are awesome. The tech is awesome. Even sitting so close, I could see like into the wings where I could see like set pieces and stuff. And I still like at times was unclear on what was real and what was not. I was like totally immersed in it. Awesome show. I was literally like I have to text my parents and tell them I'm watching it. My parents love that show. It is so cool. This is my favorite. Dracula, my boy. I love him. When I first moved here, I had way more of a problem spending my money at Universal than I did at Disney. Um Disney's honestly stepped up their merch game, but Universal has some crazy gems every time. You have to keep an eye out because Universal will make merch for stuff that they own that isn't necessarily representing theme parks. Like if you have like a mega Casper fan, when else are you going to be able to shop for Casper merch? Like that. These are so cute. The back of this dude. I bought a Richy Rich shirt here one time, which was awesome. They've got Back to the Future, of course. Um they have a whole Monsters Hair Bears thing going on right now. And then they even have Happy Gilmore. So like, where else are you going to find some of this stuff in a store? You know, I have to take a selfie with this. So, it's last call for the show, which I know because Beetlejuice >> Beetlejuice is shouting it, which is helpful, honestly. >> We made it. We made it till 12:45. >> 1 2 3. >> Wait. Sorry. >> Oh, sorry. Okay. >> I'm so sorry. I just realized there are there are kids in the audience. >> You want me to cut a kid? >> What? No. >> No, Mark. No. >> All right. On three. Here we go. One, two, three. SCREAM. MARK. MARK. That's That's in her arm. It is. That's in her arm. It is. >> Is that supposed to happen? No. >> No. What do we do? >> Judy and Stephy toilet. >> Okay. I didn't get to talk about that too much when we were going in because it was starting so soon. But the horror movie makeup show is a stage show where you've got some hosts uh who are taking you through some of the histories and the way some famous horror movie makeups work, but it's also a comedy show. It's funny. It will make you laugh. Um and just keep in mind it is a horror show also. So, uh though it's not going to be like scary like a scary movie, there are some little jump scares and things like that. And there's some demonstrations of gore, some horror movie clips on the screen, uh, like 1930s horror movies mostly. Um, that just might be a little bit intense for younger kids or if you're really averse or anything like that. It is nothing like Halloween horror nights or anything like that, but just something to be aware of when you're going in that there's it's it is a horror horror makeup show. >> Hail Megatron. >> I've decided to be Megatron. I've actually, this is true, never stood in line to meet one of the Transformers, but it's an extremely popular meet and greet. I walked up right as Megatron came out and shouted at everybody that he's Megatron, so I'm kind of scared. I like a villain. He said, "You primitive life forms are so easily entertained." And you know what? Maybe I am. I'll accept that. It was scary, but I'll say it's pretty quick. You don't you don't really like know you're not hugging meatron. You walk up, you take a picture, you move on. It's easy. As you can see, you might remember there used to be a giant roller coaster here. It's completely gone. That was Rip Ride Rocket. Rip Ride Rocket was uh the biggest, like tallest, most intense roller coaster in this park. It was the only outdoor coaster in this park. Um, and it has since been torn down. It was not my favorite. I do not miss it. Um, but no news on what's going to replace it, but speculation is maybe a Fast and Furious roller coaster, which could mean the end of the Fast and Furious ride here, which is bad as there is a Fast and Furious roller coaster at Universal Studios Hollywood in LA right now. Uh, but no news yet. Of course, when I know, you'll know if you follow Allers on social media. It is getting hot, which means I might take this jacket off. But first, my first step to cool off is going to be the logical first step, which is getting a freeze pop. I got mango. They do have ones that are like coated in chocolate that are the for the characters. I don't like those ones as much, but they're like popsicles. They're ice pops. I've had pretty much every flavor, but they all taste shockingly like real fruit. Like taste like you're eating mango. Uh we are going to head into Villain Conton Minion Blast 20-minute posted. I'm wearing that shorter so I'm actually going to eat my popsicle a bit before we head in. It's very fun. A relatively new ride. I say ride with air quotes. You'll see why. You'll see iconic villains from the Despicable Me films. So you do get to use a blaster to shoot and collect points, play against your family. This will seem underwhelming if you only ride it one time because it isn't a ride. You do not sit in a seat. You step onto a moving walkway just like you do when you are coming out of the parking deck and you're given a blaster and you are shooting at different scenes on a moving walkway. The scenes are fun, but it is it kind of just seems like a lot going on. The story becomes a lot more fun when you attach it to your Universal app to actually be able to keep your score. You can attach your Universal account to a blaster and then keep score over time. If you play a couple of times, you can unlock new powers for your gun. You can blast collectibles. You can collect them all in the app and you get more points for doing so, but it is less of a traditional ride. That said, still worth walking through and doing. It often has a short weight because it is just a moving walkway, so it moves people very quickly. And the queue is really cool because you are on the con floor >> trying to connect your blaster. >> Sync blaster. >> Wicked blaster sync. And look, now the blaster says my name, Quincy. Let's go do some blasting. Dang, they have an actual sign for the greatest of all time players now. That's crazy. >> Okay, today's top 30 villains. We are nowhere near I made 419K. Uh Emma's made it up there before. She's very good at this game. >> I'm not great at it. >> This is the app. And basically, we've got the home screen. got your home screen where you sync your blaster, but then you've also got missions. Like my current mission is to get 20 collectibles in a single round. I did not do that today. You can switch out missions to play all these different things each time you ride. And it was a walk-on. So like even though I'm you might only be here for one day, you could still ride a couple of times. It's a pretty short experience. Um and then so you've got your missions. You can also soup up your freeze ray. So I have mine set to cold damage so I deal more damage if I'm dealing cold damage. Um and you can shoot boxes on the ride to switch your damage type. So, it's pretty involved. Um, and you can unlock new things in here. So, like I have apparently all these new things. Like I got this exploding banana. Let's use that. Your rank of updates for the day. I was the 118th best today. Um, top 100. You can do it for all time. You can do it for the month. You can even check with your friends. So, like daily all time with my friends. Emma has scored so much more than me. And I just know she hasn't played this that much more than me. She's like double my score. And Sage I just beat as of today. So that's good. Um, and then you gain trophies over time. So you can get all these trophies for different achievements that you do. Um, it's just it's cool. I mean, it's obviously not your typical theme park attraction. And though I don't think the ride itself is that fun, um, like being on the ride, the gamification of it is really cool. I think let's do Transformers and then we'll do lunch. It just had that nice pop. It would be a good idea to let that settle by riding a motion simulator attraction where you're fighting alien robots. Exactly the way to digest. All right, this is Transformers the ride 3D. You can find it by following the giant Optimus Prime in the sky. This ride is a motion simulator attraction. If you have ridden the Amazing Adventure of Spider-Man and the other Universal Park, Islands of Adventure, it is the same ride system. In this, you are trying to stop the bad guy robots from getting the All Spark. Honestly, I think a very fun ride. You do not have to know Transformers or enjoy Transformers. It's pretty easy to tell the good robots from the bad robots. It is a 45minute wait. This one does tend to get a pretty long line. It was 75 minutes earlier. Do not wait 75 minutes for this. It will drop. This is perhaps one of the biggest Universal Orlando tips and that is to use Single Rider on most attractions. Single Rider will save you a ton of time. It can turn a 45minute wait into a walk-on. We might wait like 10 minutes, but odds are we're probably going to get on this ride pretty quickly. Now, I say most because some rides this at the single rider moves pretty slow. Hagrid's Magical Creatures Motorbike Adventure and Islands of Adventure is one and then single rider at Epic on Pine Cart Madness moves pretty slow. All right, I only waited 10 minutes, but that said, I was 35 minutes less than the Posted Wait. Posted weight's typically like 5 10 minutes over. So, is 20 30 minutes too much of a price to pay to get to ride with your family? I don't think so. The moral of the story is you have the option to split up and get a much shorter weight or to hang out in line together and get a longer weight. I love hanging out in lines with my friends and family when I go to theme parks. I know a lot of people are like, "Why do you pay so much money to go wait in line?" Yes, I'm waiting in line to go do something really cool at the end of the line uh every time. Like it might be me, Shrek. Might be rid of the Transformers ride. And while I'm waiting in line, I'm getting to hang out with my my friends and family. So, I don't know. I think it all makes sense to me. I want to swing into the store on this corner here. This is right across from Transformers. Uh, this and that store at the exit of Borne are my two favorite stores, Universal Studios, because they have the more like throwback merch. Glow-in-the-dark Slimer tea. That's cool. We got Psycho merch right now, which is wild. A Bates Motel mug. There it is. But all of my favorite merch is from this collection universe. So, if you look for this logo, that is usually really cool stuff. Oh, sparkly the stars. In the very back of the store, they do have movie poster prints that you can grab. Um, and I actually have gotten these as gifts a lot. Uh, I want that one. Dracula right there. I've seen different ones when I've come in here and they're great gifts if you see somebody's favorite movie. Oh my gosh, that's not even that expensive. These are actual stills from Dracula. Film stills from Dracula. Am I going to have to get these? That's so cool. All right, I'm going to take us into New York now. Uh, this is, you know, besides Wizarding World, probably my favorite part of Universal Studios, just because it is so honestly cool. This is just like back alleys that you could sort of walk through to cut back over into the main street of New York. And they're all super themed because this is a real set. uh used for music videos and some films and things um are just super cool. Uh they did used to film a lot in Universal Studios, not so much anymore. And sometimes when you're here, you'll see parts of New York blocked off with signs to stay active filming. Is it the Blues Brothers? It is the Blues Brothers. In general, a universal rule is that if you hear music, loud music, if you see a character, some street atmosphere happening, stand and linger for a second because typically uh you're going to see some pretty cool stuff. All right, I am here for Revenge of the Mummy. This one is a posted 55minute wait right now. Another incredible single rider line with this one though. Um, so I'm going to grab the single rider line here, but remember single rider line will probably take me 10 minutes. And is 45 minutes too much of a price to pay for doing something fun with your family? I don't know. You tell me. I made a mistake. And it's good that I did because now you will know not to make the same mistake. It looks like a time. Uh, and because I went through Single Rider, none of the team members saw me. Otherwise, they would have told me that you cannot ride the bag on this ride. There's a lot of universal rides that you can't carry like a full cross body bag or backpipe line where you can't carry a hip hug or fanny pack rides but not in the smart site any other pirate. You can't carry anything at all. No phone nothing. You have to go through metal detectors literally. Uh but that's not the case here. You can carry phones and and hip packs, fanny packs, but you cannot carry full cross bodies like I have. So you need to get a locker. In the older Universal parks, lockers use your park ticket to open and close them. At Epic Universe, they use your face, which is wild. You just scan the barcode on your park ticket like so. And then a locker will open. It's free. We're just going to put our stuff in the locker. Keep your park ticket with you. I just put mine back in my bag, which would have been bad. And remember your locker number in case anything goes wrong, they can open it for you. We're at locker seven. >> I also decided I was insanely thirsty. Ah, I didn't bring my water bottle today. So, I was considering buying a reusable cup, which they have here at Universal for about $20 for a day. And then you can fill them at Coca-Cola Freestyle machines with whatever you want all day unlimited. And ices also, it's awesome. Um, and I have one at home. And you can add new days for $13. This is actually like a really good deal if you have multiple days at Universal. Um, and especially if you drink a lot of soda. I like to drink the Powerade. Um, but I brought my cup at home, so that's my that's my bad. I might grab a new one. I can never act too much. Um, but I think now that my stuff is actually in a locker and head into the single rider line. Just kidding. Dramatic spike up and wait 85 minutes for the mummy. All right, this is part of how to have a best day ever, and that is to pivot. Do not lock yourself in on a plan. I don't care if you've already gotten your locker. I don't care if you've gotten in the single rider line twice to change your mind. That happens. Happens to the best of us. Uh if something doesn't suit what you thought it was going to be anymore, come on. We'll be back here by the mummy at the end of the night because we're back around the front of the park and maybe we go do our opposite loop. You know, one of my favorite things about the Universal app is that you can select a ride. So, for instance, we just wanted to ride the Mummy. Had an insane weight shoot up. Now it's 65. It's like trying to figure out where it is. I'm going to set a wait time alert to know when the mummy drops below 45 minutes again. So, I can set that weight time alert and I will get a push notification on my phone when the mummy hits 45 minutes or lower, which is awesome. It also works if a ride is down or closed. You can mark it to get a notification when it comes back up. It's just really helpful. And I think there's no limit to them. I mark tons of these all the time. It's the middle of the day, so weight times are high. There is a good show that I was thinking about putting on the list today. We've seen two shows already, and there's a show that I really like that I think we might go see. I'm skipping Race for New York starring Jimmy Fallon. That is, in my opinion, I would say that ride and the Fast and Furious ride are the two worst attractions in this park. They're both extremely skippable. I think it goes either way. Jenny Fallon is more of a simulator. There's more motion to it. If you like motion simulators and Jimmy Fallon, maybe uh Fast and Furious I like a little better because it's kind of laughably bad. Um, but they're both not great rides. Uh, Race to New York starting Jimmy Fallon is definitely a skip for me. Uh, I'm a motion sickness girly. Nothing that I've ridden today has given me any motion sickness. Even keeping my eyes on the screen, even being off to the side. Race to New York starting Jipper Fallon will take me out. Another big one, use mobile order. Please use mobile order. Uh, it will save you so much time waiting in line for food. Uh, I am going to Mel's Drive-In. This is kind of a famous Universal spot around Halloween. It becomes Mel's dy in, but it's just kind of an iconic classic diner. And I have never had their burger, so I feel like it's time that happens. Burger acquired. It is so cute in here. Um, and there's tons of seating. Beef patty with cheddar cheese, pickles, secret sauce, lettuce, and tomato on a toasted sesame seed bun served with fries and a single serve Coca-Cola freestyle cup. The burger patty itself is mid. It's not a great quality. Um, it's definitely I mean, you can even look at it. It looks like mass production burger quality. However, it's got this crispy char on the outside that's getting all the like char smell feel in my nose that is leveling this up a bit. Burgers don't have to be incredible to still hit the spot, you know? So, this is going to hit the spot for me. I just don't know that it's like something I would fully return to all the time. I was expecting, you know, everywhere says secret sauce and it's just like mayo chip. Um, this is different. There's definitely something to their secret sauce. I'm almost tasting like a whisper of horseradish. Whisper. I really like it. Good secret sauce, good veggies, fine burger. I accept. It's really crowded, so I don't want to walk over to him in there, but I just need you guys to know Beetlejuice is in Mel's Drive-In talking to people while they eat. All right, we are headed to our final like seated show of the day with animal actors on location. Uh, this is a show that is what the name says. Literally, there are animal actors and they do cute tricks and sometimes they don't do the tricks, which is equally funny as the trainers desperately try to get them to do the tricks. I think a lot of people scooch right past it. Um, but it's very, very cool that there's an animal show like this. The last show of the day is at 3:45 for that show. Uh that is true for some of the street atmosphere, some of the shows, it is not super easy to find online, show times for things, uh even for things like when are parades happening, when our lights happening on Hogwarts Castle, when our senational, when's the lagoon show's happening, it's kind of hard to find out when those things are happening. The best way is to go into the Universal app and then go to the map, filter by entertainment, and then click on the entertainment option. You can do this even before day of. And for things like the parades and the lagoon show, there will be a button that says plan ahead by looking other dates. And you can see when those shows are expected to run. >> Get your tail. Pick it up. Good. Sit. Stay. Jump. I don't know where that is. Nope. No, no, no, no, no. Guys, very funny. WE SAID SMART, NOT SHARP. UH, NO. This is Alma. She's our North American porcupine. Don't even know where he came from. Animal acting on location. It's awesome as usual. Um, this show, what's interesting about it, a lot of times when you see these animal shows, like it does eat. It's a lot more like exotic animals that you see. Um, like the macaw are big, like you see a lot of parrots, a lot of birds. The animal show at Disney is a bird show. This one is like dogs and cats and there are some exotic animals, some surprises, but it just makes me want to go train my dog to be better than she is. All right, we're going to spend some time in DreamWorks Land now. Uh this is the newest land at Universal Studios. It is uh land themed DreamWorks movies, specifically Trolls, Shrek, and Kung Fu Panda. Uh Shrek is out right now at his swamp with Donkey. You can meet them. Uh their meet is closed for right now. This is a very popular one. You do go to Shrek Swamp and meet him. I mean, why wouldn't it be popular? So, we might try to catch it at a later time if it lines up. Okay. But in general, even if you don't do the meet and greet, great spot for pics. Shrek swamp looks awesome. This whole area has lots of like interactive little bits and things to it. Um I'm just kind of strolling through. This is a very kidgeared area. So this frog pond, if you jump on the lily pads, they croak. And then over here you can find Mama Luna's Cat Rescue from the Puss and Boots films. Uh, it is an interactive little like you can sort of interact with the cats with the buttons on the screen, but it's also home to where Puss and Boots meets. I love being Puss. There you go. Thank you. Hey, Puss. How's it going? Oh my gosh. Good to see you as always. You're my favorite cat in the world. Yeah. Well, second favorite. Oh my gosh, we match. We're twins. Yeah. Cool. It's cool. Can we take a picture, Buzz? Let's do it. All right. Here we go. And one, two, and three. Okay. You're not You're not going to be able to see that, but Bus was making biscuits. Doing the biscuits thing that cats do. I also almost tripped up and said he was my favorite cat, and I didn't want to lie to him cuz we all know Hemingway is my favorite cat. My cat at home. Um, I love him so much. Uh, I think that's all pretty much I'm going to do here in DreamWorks Land. There's a couple other things here that I will just show you. Um cuz there is some pretty cool stuff and if you've got kiddos, I think you should make this part of your day. The starter coaster for Universal Studios is here uh with Trollser Coaster. Uh really quick little ride. Um and I it does actually get long waits. I would ride this one sort of towards the beginning or end of your day. It's a 45minute wait and you will be underwhelmed for 45 minutes. Um you can actually if you got a kid that loves Kungu Panda, you can actually talk to Po in the back. And all through here are play areas. And then an absolute must do if you've got kids, swap out one of the shows I've done today. Maybe swap out the horror movie makeup show and instead do the imagination celebration. You can see some clips of it right now on the screen. Uh it is a super cute show with tons of characters, live performers. Absolutely worth seeing. You can always make that one of your one of your show experiences for the day. Also, when you go down the outhouse slide in the Shrek swamp play area, it does you hear outhouse sounds is what I will say. So, be warned, kids. Uh, this play area is for kiddos, but uh they typically don't mind if you go and hear a fact from Pinocchio, but we're going to do cuz this Pinocchio's Fact Shack. probably the sweetest boys in the swamp. >> His nose grew. I think that may have been a lie. I also didn't hear him. All I heard him say, and I don't know if this is what I heard him say, but all I heard him say was sweetest boys in the swamp. So, who was maybe Shrek's twins or triplets of sweetest boys in the swamp? I could see why his nose would grow. And I'm sure that they are quite mischievous. truck five soon. How we feeling? I'm feeling pumped. >> Like so excited. I would be not as excited except for the fact that Puss and Boots The Last Wish was so incredible. Shrek the third I liked still. Shrek 4. We don't talk about that one. And then the first Puss movie is very kid geared young kid, not like a whole family movie like the rest of them. Huzzu's Last Wish slaps. If you haven't watched it, you got to watch it. It was so good. Shrek five hopefully follows in the Puss and Boots last switch pack. What's wait time look like on ET 35. That's not too shabby. I'm gonna think I'm gonna run to the restroom and then hop in line for ET adventure. I'm about to head into the bathroom, but I wanted to call this out. This is something that you can find at um Universal. It is a little pharmacy box that has different things that you might need during your day, medicines and such. As you can see, it has deodorant. So, this is located outside of DreamWorks. They also have these in uh the family care centers as well, but if you are in need of something and the gift shops don't have it, maybe you can find a farmer box. Right. This is definitely a longer line for tea, but it's still not crazy. And there's a long lines kind of everywhere in the park at this time of day, like 400 p.m., so I'm okay with it. Hello, I'm Steven Spielberg and it's my pleasure to welcome you to the ET adventure. >> Interplanetary passport acquired and this is where most of the line actually is. We were on the outside for like 10 minutes if that. No, it was really more like 5 minutes. Um, but the inside key was really cool. As you can see, there's the astronauts looking in the woods. Um, it smells like forest in here. So, even with a long wait, this is just like a pleasant room to be in because I'm really full. Um, but we'll see how long this takes. Now, the reason that you give them an interplanetary passport is because this ride you are journeying to's home planet, which means half the ride is a, you know, bike chase through the woods, just like in the ET movie where they are trying to catch you um cuz you've got AT in your bike basket. One of the bikes literally has 18 in the basket, which is really cool. Um, so that's what a lot of the ride is, is kind of biking through the woods and then you fly off into space over the city and off to Neverland. Just kidding. ET's home planet. But at the very end, ET thanks you by name. So, you have to get a passport with your name. So, ET could thank you by name. >> Right after I got in line, I looked at the wait time. It had jumped to 50, which is why I was nervous. And then we only waited 22. 22. >> That's pretty good for ET. We might do something funny. This is the ET gift shop and also ET photo spot where you can take pictures with ET. She was like, "Do you want to get on the bike?" It's a bike for children. I'm 5'9. I'm not short. I was like, "Yes, I would like to get on the bike." and she was like, "Okay, I got on the bike." It was great. Okay. And then we're headed to one of my favorite rides and then into Dying Alley. I'm super excited for the rest of the evening. Uh we have so much fun stuff still lined up and I've had such a great day already. It's like wow, we have only really been in half the park. I think what's funny is it's easy to think that Universal Studios doesn't have enough to fill a day, but you really are missing stuff if you don't see the shows and like, you know, meet an interesting character or two. Really truly seeing at least one of the sit down shows is a must in my opinion. In most cases with Disney, I don't recommend getting park hopper tickets because it takes so much time to get between the parks that it's often not worth it. I do recommend it at Universal because it's pretty easy to get between the two original parks at the north campus and then also that's the only way to ride the Hogwarts Express is if you have a two park one day ticket. I don't know that you really need to hop to or from Epic because it is a hall. Um it's like a 15minute bus ride and the bus station's back at CityWalk. It's like a 10 15 minutee walk from the park. I don't know that I' I'd say that that's worth it. And I think that any of the Universal parks can easily fill a whole day. So it's really just that Hogwarts Express that gets you and the freedom of being able to just like walk right next door to the other theme park here. All at once, my wait time alerts have started going off. Uh, which is amazing. Like I said, weight times will drop. Revenge of the Mummy has dropped down below 40 minutes at this point. Hopefully, we get back around to it. It will be even lower. Uh, Men and Black Alien Attack, another favorite of mine. Uh, just dropped below 25 minutes, maybe even lower than that. Um, love Men and Black Alien Attack. It is truly in the Mummy Tide. My favorite in this park. We are walking through uh the Simpsons area right now. I am actually just cruising through here. Now, a couple of things I want to call out. The Bumblebee Taco Truck is a great grab-and-go lunch. I don't recommend the food in the food court here, which is on this side, but you should stop in Moe's if you're a big Simpsons fan. Drinking a Duff beer is really fun. It's like a great little vibe right here on the water. Uh the bartenders are awesome. They will make you anything you want. And then also the Duff beer is pretty good. And yes, you can get Duff beer for real. This is a pick you up, take you around spinny ride, like a Dumbo style attraction. It may be a must if you've got kiddos. It is kind of fun because there's a mini game. You're trying to fly into the Simpsons characters, but certainly not something that I'm going to use too much of our time here tonight to do. And then our big skip of the day is going to be the Simpsons ride. This ride is a motion simulator attraction that lifts you up uh really high. And then you are kind of on a bit of a mad cap adventure with the Simpsons as Sideshow Bob has escaped and is trying to get him. It's a fun ride. There are lots of little theme park in general digs. There are some digs at Disney, some fun parody moments. It is a very cool story and ride that I like a lot. It is also a major motion sickness inducer for a lot of people, including myself. So, that's my warning here. But, I do think if you've never ridden it, maybe ride it once. Just be prepared to close your eyes if things start to get a little queasy. Simpsons Land may not be around for long. Uh, as we know, Dizzy does own the Simpsons and I believe theme park rates of the Simpsons that Universal hell just expired. So, theories are swirling that Simpsons could be going soon. Lots of big changes at Universal, but we don't know what any of them are officially yet. So, we've got, you know, maybe Simpsons will go. Uh, there's a whole Lost Continent land over at Island of Adventure that is maybe getting a complete redo. Epic Universe has multiple expansion pads for full portals as well as expansion pads on the existing portals. There might be that second Wizarding World Harry Potter Ministry of Magic ride. Just a lot to come. There's gonna be a lot of Universal news in the next few years. I can feel it in my bones. So stay tuned. Um, next up, favorite of mine, Minlock Alien Attack. This is a Men and Black themed attraction. Uh, it is a shooter attraction and is my favorite shooter attraction of all time. You are being tested as a Men and Black recruit when aliens actually burst in New York and you got to roll out there and actually hit the streets, actually fight aliens. It is super fun. Uh, it is so much fun to rack up points. It is funny. It's got the mini black feel to it. Um, and a really cool queue. Now, this one does have a very effective single rider line that will get you on this ride fast. It also skips a lot of a very fun pre-show and queue and story. So, we're going to do the regular line, especially because it is a nice clean 25 minutes. You do need a locker for this ride, too. No uh bags that go slung across you. So, we'll grab a locker real quick and then head into the line. Come on. Time's awake. >> Move it or lose it. Doors are closing. >> Sorry about this pony theme park nonsense. Welcome to MIB agent. Find out if you're the best of the best. But don't get your hopes up. And check this out. >> The whole Block headquarters from the movie. >> Super cool. And you can actually even uh on slower days, not days like today, on slower days, you can actually ask if they are doing tours of the command center and they will take you in to walk around down there, take pictures. Very cool. Uh this is a very short wait. This is the weapons room. with all the weapons from Men in Black you recognize. >> All right. So, we're going to get one of these. We're going to get our blaster and we're going to shoot. I'm going to get a really high score cuz I'm actually good at this one. >> Are we alone? Of course we are. I scored 465,000 points. For reference, family in my car scored 9,000, 21,000, and 30,000. I scored 465,000. This ride actually has two different endings. Um, a lot of people don't know that. You can end with a failure uh where they they memories zap you either way, but you can end with a failure where they say like, "Ah, better look next time." Or you get in with them the alien tailor making your suit and saying it'll be ready next Wednesday. I did well enough that my whole car got to here it'll be ready next Wednesday. Um and I think I was very I think my mouth was open with a picture of that's the face of a winner. Those wait time alerts keep going off for me of wait times dropping more and more. Uh, green god says down below an hour for the first time since literally since we got in line for Minion Mayhem this morning. Wizarding World of Harry Potter. We've been waiting for it. Jack of Potato St. Hop in. You can get baked potatoes here. They're really good. Um, right here, of course, 12 Grimmo Place, home of the Black Family. And if you look closely, their house elf in the window creature peering out. He's a judgmental sort. We're in London. London is technically a part of the wizarding world as you can hear from the wizarding music that's playing over here. Night bus driver. You can come talk to him. You can step on the back of the night bus and take a gander inside. Uh but the real magic is of course inside Diagon Alley, which is where we're headed. If you want to see uh an in-depth look at literally everything there is to do in all three Wizarding Worlds, I did a challenge where I did everything in the Wizarding World of Harry Potter in Universal Islands of Adventure, Universal Studios, and an Epic Universe. So, uh you can see literally everything there is to do in the Wizarding World of Harry Potter. And it can fill a day. Uh we are diagn Oh, and the Christmas garland's still up. You know what? I'll take it cuz it is so pretty. Oh, is our is our timing right for the dragon or do all these people just overly excited. We got a couple more minutes till the dragon. Team members will tell you the dragon will go off. The dragon breathes fire when she feels like it, which happens to be about every 10 minutes on the tent. That's all I'm saying. I am going to give green dots a little more breathing room to uh simmer down a bit more in the line. It's still ride at 60 minutes and I feel like it'll continue to decline as we go. Um but 60 minutes uh is worth waiting for that ride. So if that's what we do, we will do it and hopefully it'll be a little shorter than it is posted at 60. But before that, I am going to grab a beer. One thing that Universal does really well is specialty cocktails as well as specialty beers. There are special beers uh brewed just for the parks that you can find in some locations. Wizarding World is one of them. And they're all very, very good. So, I'm going to grab um one of the Wizarding Brews here. So, one of my favorite shows is starting. This is the Tales of Beetle the Bard. And it's very cool at night. The lighting looks good. And they tell the story of the three brothers. Very famous for Harry Potter. Very important to the books and films. Um, and there's some pretty dazzling magical effects and puppetry in this show. If you see this happening, I highly recommend you stop and give it a watch. We're going to head over and ride Harry Potter escape dots. This is another story coaster where you headed into the vaults of green dots. Incredible queue. Incredible queue. It's still post 60 minutes lobby. Uh, we had time for it, which is awesome. I do have to stop by the lockers real quick. Um, and it's pretty tight in there. Uh, and then you're off to the bank. Does not sound exciting when you say it that way. It is definitely worth milling. Not super intense, but it does not accommodate all body types. There's a tester seat outside of the attraction, so you have any doubts. >> Very fun every time. Uh it's just we it's not exactly accurate to the lore of the books. Uh but it's fun. Um grab my stuff for the lockers and then uh I think we do need to eat a little dinner before our big finales. Quickly want to glance through merch. This is um why Wizarding I think uh which you exit into from Gringons. All of the stores in the wizarding world are awesome and have incredible merch. Um I love the Christmas stuff. I wish that it was on sale. Lots of house merch. They've got Dark Arts merch in Nocturn Alley. Oh, we could walk out through Nocturn Alley. That's a good idea. Should explore the Wizarding World a bit more on the way out. Also, I don't think I said it was 65 minutes. So, it was a true to wait in there. Um, it was it's uh quite busy above 100 minutes ago. I don't know how accurate that is. I've noticed the lane times have been swinging up when the express lines look really long and they're not necessarily actually that intense. The first few times I came to the Wizarding World, I thought that back here were employee only areas, but in fact, this is Nocturn Alley. Uh the wrong side of the tracks in Diagon Alley. Harian's left there a few times. Uh lots of really fun spells if you're doing the interactive wand magic are back here. Um and a really cool store, Bergen and Burks, which you'll recognize from the movies. Uh, lots of hidden details and Easter eggs. Um, I point out a good few of them in that Wizarding World video I told you about. This was Universal's sort of big leap into immersion. Hogsme showed them that people wanted it and then Dying Alley, they full scent on immersive environments and we now know that that turned into Epic Universe which is four unbelievably immersive lands. Universal at some times of year has a parade which happens in the late afternoon typically or into the evening. Uh and then those are incredible. You cannot miss the parade if a parade is happening while you're here. There's one for Marty girl, one for the holidays. Uh occasionally do a movies one in the summertime. I'm hoping that comes back. I loved it last year. The lagoon shows happen on the lagoon. They are a combination of fountain. Um occasionally there might be a pyro effect, but it's mostly water effects, projection effects. Uh they happen pretty rarely, but if one is going on while you're here, it's a cannon. Perfect way to end the day. Uh they usually happen right around park closed. Tonight it is 30 minutes prior to park close that that one's happening. Um and it is called Sensational and it's a show that uh nods at Universal's storied and decorated Ledger of Moot. So I just want to make sure that we get a nice gang point. So, going to aim for 30 minutes advance to be there, which should give us time to quickly eat and to head to the mummy. Potato acquired. I got the shepherd's pie potato. There's also a broccoli and cheese. There's a regular loaded. And then there's a beans and cheese. >> Obviously, for a lot of the year, it's a little too warm >> here to be eating a loaded baked potato of any kind. I do it anyway. These are so this is tasty pumpkin potatoes. They really load them up. They give you extra butter. Sorry. >> When I first moved here, >> that was like >> I would come to Universal. >> I would get a jacket potato and Florian Foriscu's ice cream and I go home, which is wild because it does take about >> I 30 40 minutes to get from parking the freaking like booth to Wizarding World. We about an hour and a half until the show. >> Stay down. >> It's tight. And the mommy wait time's an hour. I think we're going to try out that single rider line. >> Yeah. >> See how it goes. And then, you know, get there 20 to 30 minutes early for Sensational. But mommy is higher on my tier list than a good view for Sensational. And I know we can ride it and see Sensational. We just might might not have a good view. But worst case scenario, we'll have a good view cuz I'll hold the camera up really as long as no one's behind me. >> All right. Mummy time. This is the first time I booked through this area today. There's not a lot going on here. There are some restaurants. This is sort of a grilled cheese soup spot. Also big pastry case in here. Shay Alcatraz is a really great bar. Often has drinks themed to fun uh Universal movies. And then Lumbard's Landing, the Lumbard Seafood Grill is right here at the other table service restaurant besides Finnegan. You also see this party with three fancy cars. That's the exit of the Fast and Furious ride, which we are conspicuously not riding because I do not think it is necessarily a part of a best day ever. Um, if you do want to ride it, maybe you're a big fan of the movies, maybe you have extra time. I really highly don't recommend waiting more than 40 minutes for it. Now, is it so good that it's bad? Yes. Does The Rock make an offcolor joke? Yes. So, if you have time, you know, I'm not knocking it. We don't have time. Now, the lagoon show happens here on the lagoon, but it is not one that is good from every angle. I mean, it's cool, I guess, from every angle. That park area over there is where it looks really cool. Um, there's also tiered areas of the park, so it's actually pretty easy to get a good spot. Um, as long as you're arriving 15, 20, 30 minutes early, which is where we're going to aim. Uh, the reason you want to be over there is because the projections that really bring the show all together happen all on these buildings back here, which is very cool. So, that's going to be the goal. If there's not a nighttime show or parade at Universal, uh, I highly recommend riding something else right towards the end of the park day. Uh, those weight times will drop dramatically in the last hour of the park day. Uh, you could get on one, two, even three if you were really pushing at more things. uh get on something you've really loved again. In fact, with Sensational happening at 8:30, it is a 22-minute show, which at the end of the show, there's about eight minutes there before they will cut lines off. Uh since the park closes at 9:00, I don't know that you would make it anywhere, but maybe you can make it. I don't know that you would really make it anywhere, but maybe you could make it to ET or Simpsons if you stood in the back and really rushed for it. This is much better than earlier for the single rider line. >> 30 minute wait in the single runner line which is still half the regular line. So I will take it. Not too shabby. Love that ride so much. There are so many twists and turns and surprises, lots of really cool effects, cool animatronics. It is definitely intense, but I wrote it as a kid and I was a scaredy-cat as a kid and I loved it. To be fair, I was also like a mummy fiend. The Mummy and The Mummy Returns. My brother and I have probably seen those a million times. Like those were the movies that we were like locked in on. We loved The Mummy. I still love The Mummy to be fair and The Mummy Returns. Scorpion King. Sorry, Dwayne. the Rock Johnson. Here's what I'll say. His acting skills really improved. They really did. Yeah, we're good like 30 minutes in advance here, so I think we'll be good. That was the plan. I love when things work out. Heat. Heat. one sensational. That was incredible. And some serious crowds later. We have made it to the end of our best day. I had so much fun with you guys today. We had a lot of great tips that came out of this. Remember, use single rider when it suits you, but don't feel pressured to. Always pivot when your plans go wrong. Stop for the streets of sphere entertainment and set those wait time alerts. Universal is so much fun. I hope this video helps you have the best time you possibly can. If you're still here, like this video and drop this secret code in the comments so we know you made it all the way. Plus, don't forget to subscribe. We upload tips, games, challenges, and more from Universal and beyond all week because we are serious about fun. I'll see you next time. Also, best day is coming for all the Disney parks, all the Universal parks every Tuesday for the foreseeable future. See you there.
