---
video_id: qbGVtk7qu8E
channel: AllEars.net
title: "I Did Everything At EPCOT Festival of the Arts!"
published: 2026-01-18
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbGVtk7qu8E
---
We are doing everything at Epcot International Festival of the Arts. Let's do it. Nobody can cheer. All right, let's get this day started. Epcot International Festival of the Arts runs this year from January 16th to February 23rd. It is the first festival of the year. Epcot has four festivals throughout the year. Odds are while you're here, a festival will be going on. There's really only a couple of weeks between festivals that they might not be happening. Festival of the Arts happens early. It's only a little over a month long, so you might not catch it, but we are here to help. If you are going to the festival, you're going to want to watch this video. And if you're not, you're going to want to live vicariously through this video. So, we've got you covered. We're going to be doing everything at the fest today. We're going to be eating at all the booths, eat the culinary art. We're going to see the visual art. We're going to clap at the performing art. It's going to be a beautiful day. Now, festivals really kick off around 11:00 a.m. That is when the food booths are mostly going to open. It's where the expression section, paint by number mural that you can go contribute to and everybody does together for free. Uh it's when that will open. So 11:00 a.m. is really when the festival kicks off. But you want to get here a little early, ride some rides, get your coffee, start doing your stretches. Another thing you can expect out of this video is a lot of tips. The first one being get the Disney Festival gift card. These gift cards are small. They come on a little wristlet so you can wear it on your wrist. It means you don't have to pull your wallet out at every booth. And you can put an amount of money on there that is what you want to budget for the festival. I like to put like $50 or $100 on the gift card and then that way I know when I hit that threshold because my gift card runs out and then I can decide if I want to add more or if I maybe need to dial it back and be done eating around the fest. It just makes it a lot easier for me to not have to like do math while I'm trying to enjoy an Epcot festival, which I don't recommend doing math while you're trying to have fun at Epcot. So, start with that festival gift card. It's super cute this year. It has Figment on it um to get your budget in line and then you can hit the booths. All right, we are here at our next booth, which is Figment's Inspiration Station. The The booth is inside the Odyssey building. I just had to find a table and I'm outside. We've got a lot to cover here. We've got two flights, a beer flight, beer flight, cider flight, three different food items. All of it is very colorful and I'm really excited to eat it. This is why I love Festival of the Arts because the food is so much fun to eat. First up is the Figment Fantasy Cake, which is sponge cake filled with strawberry whipped cream topped with a white chocolate ganache, orange icing, and white chocolate fig wings. Very cute, very appropriate for our Figment themed festival. First up, wing. It's just white chocolate. Someone came up to me very excited about this one. They'd already eaten it. This one is really fun. It's basically strawberry shortcake with the sponge cake, strawberry in the in the middle. orange icing on top. It's just regular icing. Next up, the color scheme cake, which is fruit flavored rainbow bun cake topped with Skittles, sour Skittles, freeze-dried. I'm trying to decide if I can distinguish the fruit flavors that it says it is. The fruit flavoring is subtle. I can taste it most in the yellow, but I can't really distinguish. Okay. And the item that I am most excited to eat, this is the popcorn popcorn chicken and waffles. It is rainbow popcorn, popcorn chicken, mini mozzarella. Oh, see that? And maple syrup. It smelled wonderful when they gave it to me. Hot and fresh. There's the popcorn chicken if you can see it. There's a little bit of rainbow popcorn. There's maple syrup drizzled on it. I'm going to try to get a bite, but everything, but I'm spilling. Okay, we're just going to do this. This is a winner. This is a winner. This is best of the best. I think this is fun. I think it's colorful. I think it's on theme. It's the perfect mix, perfect balance of sweet versus savory with the chicken with the maple syrup on it. The waffle, plain bubble waffle. But I love it. So, let's try the flights. We got two flights. There's a beer flight and a cider flight. They're all fun. They're very colorful and they sound pretty good. So, let's try them out. Cider flight. Okay. All three cers are very good. They taste exactly what they say on the names. We've got a black cherry hard cider, orange cream, and strawberry banana. I think my favorite is a strawberry banana, but again, I like the sweet stuff. These are all good. I would drink all of these. Beer flight, which are also fun colors. Cheers. Then we've got the floral cactus one, which obviously very floral in the taste and the smell. We've got Port of Blue Stout, which I actually surprisingly really like that. That seems like an easier stout to drink if you've never tried one. If they're not really your thing, that could be a good introductory. And then the sour blonde ale. It's pretty sour. I don't know if I could drink that whole thing. But yeah, finally, let's leave Pigment's inspiration station. I got to get out of here. I don't want to see Pigment. I don't want to see that guy anymore. I've been here too long. Now, at your first booth or on your way in, you're going to want to pick up your festival passport. Uh this is uh a little booklet that you can get at the festivals. They are free. Um and they have all the information you need to know about the festival. They have all the fun for kids of all ages. They talk about the festival gift card, the entertainment, the merchandise, the Disney on Broadway concert series, and who's performing, and then all the menus across the whole festival. This one is also fun this year because it's got a couple little activities in the back. Connect the dot. um a little seek and shine little maze. So there's little kids activities in the back. I love activities like this. I will be doing them. And then at the very end, the wonderful walk of colorful cuisine. This is a little journey towards the festival where you have to eat five different items. And if you do, you get a prize. We will be making sure that that happens today. Um you can purchase any five menu items from this. Here's the list. And you can't overlap. If you wanted five enchanted roses from opening bites, you could do that. That would be interesting. But you could um and you can also like share. You'll just have to share the prize. You get one prize per completed booklet. And if you get a stamp in a different booklet, they can't combine booklets. We are going to be joining Scrooge McDuck apparently in getting that completer prize later today. But I don't know what it is. You don't know what it is. It's a plot twist for both of us. Festival booklet is a mustave. Um I also like to bring a pin to the festivals uh because I like to mark off what I want and what I've already gotten um so I can keep track. They kind of have little bullet points, but I like to use them as check boxes. So yeah, then I keep it for the duration of the festival, especially if I'm coming back multiple times. Emma's first stop of the day, Emma squared, if you will. It's going to be Swirled Showcase. And we are super excited. There is a lot we're eating. We're eating five things. We're going to take at least two or three trips, but it's going to be delicious and so cold. Okay, this is our first round at Swirl Showcase. We're having multiple rounds because of course we are. Sorry, that's my head. This is the liquid nitrogen pop. It's actually using cotton candy cake, which is very fun. And then this is the candy trio. It comes with strawberry, regular Dole Whip, pineapple, and lime. And then you get some candies to decorate. This is also strawberry Dole Whip, pineapple, and lime with some taheen. This is the one I'm most excited about. Good citrusy, light. The taheen adds a much needed kick. And I love Lifesavers on top of anything. They get a little hard though, but I don't mind them. I shouldn't have I shouldn't have at this pineapple dough whip Skittles. Strawberry strawberries. Ooh, that strawberry is hard to chew into once it's cold. Really, really hard. I would say this is very cute, very sharable, but the candies on top are hard to chew. And if you have sensitive teeth, it's not fun biting into cold. So fun, sharable, maybe not for me. This is the liquid nitrogen Minnie Mouse cake pop cotton candy. You can tell I've already taken a bite and I get to take a second one, which I'm excited about. Also, there's pop rocks on this. You see the inside is also blue. This is killer to me. Killer. I love cotton candy things. That is one of my favorites. This is so sweet. The layer of white chocolate is not too thick. It's easy to bite into. Adds a nice creaminess. And then the pop rocks are so much fun because they pop as you're enjoying this like creamy soft dessert. So this, if you love sweet cotton candy, is so good. And it's not overly artificial despite being cotton candy. This is round one. We're going back for round two. Maybe three. We're going to see. Number two. Stop. This is the imagination cone. It does have or had two lovely Figma ears. We lost one to the ground. Uh it has nerds on top. Sorry, I like buffered there. It has nerds on top. It is pink uh vanilla and then it is in a lavender color. Good. Plain and familiar. Ooh, those nerds add some sour cracks which I think is fun and exciting. Okay, pals. One of the most exciting things about every festival of the arts is the Figment popcorn bucket. You may remember the debacle that took six hours to get through at one point. This was several years ago 6-hour plus line for a popcorn bucket. Now it's not so complicated. Luckily, you can mobile order and then go pick him up at the Odyssey. I mobile I mobile ordered this guy at 5:15 this morning and the wait time was already down to 11. So, they're very popular, but he is awful cute. So, he has his beret on. He has his lovely uh paint brush. He's got paint splatters. In the back is where you're going to find your multicolored popcorn. It's kernels and smells super sweet. We'll try one together. All right. You want to take a picture of her? Yeah. Sweet. It's caramel corn basically. But the coolest thing about this year's bucket is this. You can actually take his lovely paintbrush out and it changes colors. I think that is so neat. That's why we came inside so that way we could take pictures and videos of it changing colors and then slide it right back in for a lovely nighttime of fun or just like night your room. You want to use a night lamp after this is all said and done. Or you can just use it as a popcorn bucket, which is technically its intended use. But now we get to carry him with us all day. And he's gonna try every single booth just like we are. After our popcorn bucket break, he's here with us. We're down to our last two cones from Sweld Showcase. Can everybody cheer? Thank goodness. This is pink vanilla in a cone. This is uh yeah, lemon dolehip. Cheers. Two notes. I don't know. Well, I think in the trio I said it was a pineapple dough whip. It is lemon. However, the flavor, I don't know if the candy covered it or if I was going too fast. I didn't taste it as much. This is my preferred method of a lemon dole whip. I love lemon dol whip and I want it to stand alone on its own. So, this is definitely the way to go. It's nice. It's citrusy. It's light and it's very refreshing. This is the same that is in the figment cone. This is the pink vanilla soft served. It's vanilla and it is delicious and it's pink but kind of boring. Not the most exciting but still tasty. So, you can't go wrong. And now we move onward. All right, we are at Craftsman's Courtyard, a booth with cuisine constructed with the natural aesthetics of the arts and crafts movement like craftsman architecture. So, if you've ever wanted to eat a craftsman style house, now's your chance. We have got both food items. the cast iron roasted PEI muscles as well as the beef Wellington inspired croissant supreme for our drink, the coffee old-fashioned cocktail. And yes, it's the Aib, but there's coffee in it, so you know, it's fine. Also, you're on vacation, so there's no rules. Um, everything here is quite good. I don't know if anything is like stand out, hold your horses, you got to get here good. Um, but I can absolutely recommend all the stuff. The muscles shockingly high quality. There's no grain at all to them. Really well cooked, well seasoned. And they serve them to you literally right off the grill. They're like growing up huge batches of muscles. And then they scoop them out and serve them to you right there. You have to walk over to the grill. It's amazing. Plus, it comes with these big pieces of bread to help soak up some of the juices and the tomato, which is nice and fresh. Really wonderful. The beef Wellington supreme. Awesome. Hearty. Uh the beef is beautifully cooked to like a nice medium, which I feel like you don't see all the time. Uh beautiful blend of flavors. They're doing some more complex things here, especially with the mushrooms, the red wine jew, and the pickled mustard seed. And that croissant is nice and crisp on the outside, but doughy and soft and flaky on the inside. It's a little salty. Like all the flavors together are coming off a little salty to me, but otherwise, no complaints. Really delicious. And then the coffee oldfashioned not going to be your most high-end old-fashioned. It's interesting because it is made with like whiskey and then real Joffrey's coffee. It does taste pretty much the same as if you had put Kalúa in it. So, it's not exactly the most like, you know, standout robust coffee flavor. There's a good amount of simple syrup, so it's on the sweet side for an oldfashioned. That said, the whiskey still comes through, especially on the nose. Um, and it is tasty and and fun. Overall, a magic booth. Maybe not the best we'll have today, but magic nonetheless. We are here at the paint by number section. This is completely free to do. It is included with your park admission. And you're going to be given a spot to go. Here's the paint distribution right up here. You're going to head up here to your paint distribution. It's going to be daily from 11:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. They're just going to hand you a thing of paint. So, after you've gone ahead and done your paint by number, you get this super cute bookmark. It's going to show you what the final product is going to look like. And there are multiple of these throughout the festival. So, you don't need to worry, oh no, I'm not coming opening weekend. Can I not do it anymore? You absolutely can. It will be available each day of the festival. And if you're here for multiple days, you can see how it transforms, which is really, really special. One of our offscreen reporters went to Pop Eats for us. Pop Eats is a booth inspired by pop art, known for grilled cheese and tomato soup, something that I'm sure you have always associated with pop art. And actually, that was a joke, but now I'm thinking about the Andy Warhol soup thing. And I guess probably you have. Anyway, this year they do have the new Croak Masure inspired grilled cheese in addition to a standard grilled cheese. Both of them do come with the tomato soup. The tomato soup is delicious, classic, warm, and it's served in an adorable little can that you can keep. And this year is so cute. It has Figment on it. The grilled cheeses, honestly, the Cromster grilled cheese we were excited about, but it wasn't all that different from standard grilled cheese. Really, the cheese reminded us a lot of like Alfredo sauce, and it's a very, very heavy cheesy sandwich. Now, if that's your vibe, great. But we couldn't really taste the ham, which took us out of the croak vibe. That said, super cheesy and delicious, just like the regular grilled cheese. I just think we would lean more the classic when it comes to grilled cheese and tomato soup. This also has the Blanca Blue Cuveet Mouso, which is a very interesting cocktail that has boba pearls in it. Very, very sweet, though drinkable, maybe a little too drinkable. It's definitely on the forget it's alcoholic side. This is definitely a great booth to stop into and has one of the most classic Festival of the Arts items with those grilled cheeses. But warning, we saw the line get absolutely insane. I'm really excited about this one because I never get to do this booth. This is the deconstructed dish. They've got a they've got a slogan. Let me read it to you. Classic dishes fragmented and presented as never before. Y'all ready to get deconstructed? The brand new thing coming to the deconstructed dish this year is the deconstructed key lime pie. And while it may have been the newest thing, it was probably the boost thing. Not like in a boyfriend girlfriend way. Boo in like a kind of and people are very excited about it. Um I do love the fact that it is interactive. You can use those waffle cone triangles and dip that into the key lime curd uh or and and the meringue and uh things like that. My biggest complaint it was all kind of one note. It was just so tart. I had to click my tongue together just to get me out of the trance that is key lime. Then there was the deconstructed strawberry mint jeulip. Uh you can get it alcoholic or non-alcoholic. I got mine alcoholic. Now I don't often say this about uh alcoholic beverages at festival booths, but this one was strong. Uh it was very bourbon forward and uh you could still taste the strawberry mint jeulip, but it was definitely a little heavy-handed for those who don't love the taste of alcohol in their alcoholic beverages. But all in all, tasted like a bourbon strawberry mint jeulip. Not bad at all. And the reason I had a a really good time at this booth was for this specific dish and it was the deconstructed BLT. First, I was a little irritated. I was like, how am I there are no clear directions on how I'm supposed to eat this? Do I eat everything separately or do I am I do I need to stack it on each other a little bit and then take a bite? I don't know. I think the point is there's no rules on how you do eat it. However, I eventually said yolo and I and I kind of found I found the bread and I put some things on it and then I took a bite of that uh what was it? That pork belly. Oh my gosh. And I lost my mind. The only way I put this on like a cravable list or a best the best list is if I would go back for it again. And that I will crave it and I will come back for it. It was it was the pork belly was so flavorful. All of the additional flavors on that plate, they were so well balanced because why? I balanced them, but there was the flavors. You get it. The only thing that was a little strange is the the egg really didn't do much. I I was like, "What? What are you doing here, Egg?" But you know what? I'll forgive you because everything else on this plate is so good. So, I I will be back. Opening bites, which is here next to Communicore Hall. We've got three items from this booth. We've got the soft shell crab slider, the enchanted rose, which so many people have been coming up to me and asking where I got it, and the beer flight. We also have to do this before the Ingato show starts so we don't get copyright. But in the beer flight, we've got an IPA, a Pzner, and a stout. The Enchanted Rose is like a moose dessert, and a soft shell crab slider. So, let's try some. I will speak on this one. This one is interesting because it is a it's called Southern Tier Brewing Company caramel Cookie Bar Imperial Stout. And you can smell it for sure. I can smell the caramel. I can smell the cookie. I could smell it as soon as they handed me the whole beer flight. It is the most fragrant for the nose. You know what? I don't hate it. I'm not a stout person by any means. I want if I'm drinking beer, I'm drinking light beer. I don't go for a stout. But because it's sweet with the caramel and the cookie, I'm more inclined to like this one. All right, now it's time to try the soft shell crab slider. Okay, overall, I know we've had these feelings in the past. The crab slider is really good. I love the slots. It's very tangy and fresh and balances out the crab meat. I just wish there was more crab meat. Like, I don't think it's enough. It's mostly just crunchy shell. Like, give me more of the crab. You know what I'm saying? So, it is good, but I wish it just had more. Give me more. All right, it's time to finally eat the enchanted rose, which number one, I love this dessert. I love the presentation. It's different from years past cuz I know in years past it had jam inside of it, but this is just chocolate mousse on the inside. So, I I've already run into someone and she gave it a great review. So, I actually do really love this. It is dark chocolate mousse. I mean, it tastes chocolate. Chocolate is chocolate to me. The darkness of the dark chocolate is there. It's very faint. I don't think if you don't like dark chocolate, I don't think you will notice that much. But I do love mousse. I think this is a good portion. It's It's pretty rich, so you could share with someone or I could eat this all myself. I am crowning this the best of the best. I think it's fun. I love the theming. I love the presentation. I love how it tastes. Overall, this is a really great dessert and I would come back on a day off and eat it. So, good job opening bites. Talking about merch over at Creation Shop, uh they are live and well with that Festival of the Arts merch and it's going to be exactly what you think it is. Not a lot of surprise this year. It's Figment. Figment Figment as he is the uh well the I would say the Epcot mascot but also the mascot of Festival of the Arts. It's like he's splashing paint everywhere. They've got corksicles. They've got spirit jerseys. They've got uh these cute little ears with removable bow. Uh super fun. But again, splashy art loud. Lots of purple for Figment. And don't forget passholder items just for you. Passholders exclusive. Very cool. But uh yeah, if you're interested in some splashy, loud, artsy Figment merch, creation shop, that's you know where to find it. Okay. Thank you. But now I must inform you. Figment was murdered. It's my best album coming. It was my traitor's thing. Yeah. Go watch Traers on the channel once you're done with this. Turn us in Disney World. We did it. Okay, bye. Now it's time for one of my favorite parts of this entire festival and why Festival of the Arts is my absolute favorite out of all four. We are going to go check out some of the artist booths all around the park. in the front and in World Showcase you can find um tents set up booths with specific artists and all of their work. It is really really cool. I could spend an entire day looking at all of these paintings, artwork, different kinds of art, all different kinds of media. It really is awesome. And most of the time those artists are here at the festival. So they're either talking about their work, they might be signing stuff, they might be taking pictures. So, if you're really into Disney art, you really need to come to this festival and check out the artist booth and speak to them because they really want to talk to you. And it's just one of those really cool experiences that you probably won't find anywhere else. So, let's go look at some. I love looking at all of these because each artist has their own kind of style in regards to the way that they make their art. So, it'll be different all throughout in every single booth. Some artists like to do certain characters or movies. So, it's really, really cool. Look at this one. Waltz view. $295. You know what? Not that bad. I really love it. Oh, and down there there's Mickey and Oswald. All right. Now, this is a very popular one. This is Rob Cass. He's had a long line all day. There are so many of his pieces of artwork that I love. And honestly, I think I like them all because they're very parks based. So, a lot of these, not all of them, but a lot of them have characters like in the parks. Like there's one of Donald and Daisy checking in at the Contemporary. He has maps of all four parks. There's one of Walt Disney and Mickey and Minnie at the carousel. I've seen Tiki Room. I've seen Cable Hoover. All right. Next booth is called Gourmet Landscapes. It's the Canada booth. And the vibe here is that it is items that are from the land, natural nature ingredients. Um, which you can say of many things. Uh, but I've got the plant-based items on this menu as well as the scotch frozen scotch cocktail has a chocolate nail in it. Um, but we're going to start with the beet tartar, I think. Yeah, the citrus brazed beet tartar. This is plant-based. It's got some fun things going on. There is a golden beet egg yolk, mustard vinegarette, uh there's spiced pistachios, and there's feta in here. Um it's supposed to look very natural. It does. It looks beautiful. Um and this is on the colorful walk. Uh so if you get if you're doing the wonderful walk of colorful cuisine, this will get you close to that completer. This is so fresh and so flavorful. The best part for me is the spiced pistachios. I'll tell you, this year, these pistachios are spiced. Like actually there's heat to them. Right now my mouth feels a little spicy. Not like hot hot, but I actually think if you are more like spice level averse, like really spice averse, you might not like this. It's more akin to like a peppery heat, like when there's a lot of black pepper in something. Um, but the beets are so earthy and delicious. They're covered with all this beautiful all these different beautiful toppings. The feta actually tastes like feta to me when it's kind of all together with everything. And I just think it is the most beautiful dish. It has a really great flavors and it's super light. Um I think texturally this one can be a bit challenging for some. There's mushrooms in here that are pretty sizable. Uh beets themselves can be a little texturally challenging. And then flavor-wise it's definitely more earthy. Very very vegetable vibes. Um and then it's got that spice to it. Still so complex. Um this is probably a best of the fest for me. I just really love this dish. Um, and I'm so glad they keep bringing it back year after year. Next up, I got the wild mushroom risoto. This has a pretty heavy like zinfendel reduction, which is a lot thicker than I was expecting. And honestly, visually, I was skeptical. I love risoto. I'm a bit of a risoto snob. I was skeptical, but I have to say I was also wrong. This is delicious. Even though there's no meat in this, that zanil gives it this like meaty hearty sort of flavor profile. The aged parmesan sort of cuts through it and helps add balance. And the risoto itself is pretty well cooked. It's not the most perfect risoto I've ever had, but it's pretty well cooked. There's also huge mushrooms in this as well. This a massive mushroom, which texturally adds to the meatiness. Lots of umami. Salty, but in a pleasant way, not too salty. And then for dessert, scotch and a chocolate nail. It's definitely got the nice bitterness, which is a nice surprise. I'm a big dark chocolate fan. This is a very strong drink. Like I'm definitely getting a lot of the flavor of the scotch. There's chai tea in it, but it's not overpowering. I'm tasting like equal parts scotch and chai. And I would say they're both mellowing each other out. So there's no like aggressive kick to the scotch and the chai doesn't have the like really aromatic spiciness to it. Uh I also recommend taking a bite of the chocolate milk and taking a sip of the drink because it's all meshing very well together. I'm not a big scotch person. I really really like this. That said, if you are a Scotch person who likes to drink like scotch on the rocks, you're going to be mad at this. I think that someone would freeze scotch, which I understand. But I like this enough to get it again. Also, they have like gold sparkly paint on the nail, which is turning the drinks into this like sparkly gold situation. That's super cute. Everything here I would get again. I think the only real standout is the vartar just because it is such a unique dish, especially for a theme park festival. Bonjour. Welcome to France. I'm not going to try to do a terrible French accent and I'm also not going to try to say any of these uh lovely items in their traditional French names because I would butcher it and then that's not helpful to you either. So, we are going to start. This is the warm creamy bree in a housemade bread bowl. This is returning an absolute favorite. This is a newer item and it's a crab cake in a lobster bis with a lemon dill sour cream. This deliciousness up here is a chocolate orangey Claire with an orange cream, chocolate ganache, crazy hazelnut, and candy oranges. And then this is the classic frozen French martini. I cannot believe I lucked up to get the French boot French boot, but I'm very excited to have this one. Starting with the crab cake and the lobster bisque. A little I didn't want all the dill. Okay, I got most of the dill. Stop the presses. This has to be a headline. This is so good. The outside the outside is so nice and crispy thanks to what looks like a little bit of panko or something similar. The crab is nice and meaty. It's not dry, which I thought it would be dry, but then the lobster bis kind of helps add a little bit of creaminess to it. Very balanced. It's not too fishy by any means, but it is nice and salty, very savory. I need a hundred of them. Also, the dill butter. Oh my gosh, scent chills down my spine. The dill tastes so bright and fresh. It just really lightens up the entire thing and butter melts in your mouth. Brie bread bowl looks a little cold, but I have been mixing it. And if it's cold, it's because we've had this for an hour. Classic fan favorite. It's bread and cheese. What more can you ask for? But it's good bread and cheese. This is going to be a great way for maybe non-adventurous eaters to try something new while still having familiar flavors. Orange chocolateclair. This is so good. It's like sending a tingle to my toes. The aclair is really the perfect aclair to me. It's holding all together, but it's still nice and flaky as you bite into it. There's a perfect amount of filling. The chocolate pairs really well with the orange. And it makes me think of those like orange chocolates you get around Christmas. So, it's a really nice flavor. Super super creamy and all pairs really well together. A beautiful citrus with a really nice dark chocolatey sweetness. Finally, frozen French martini. Little ASMR. Actually, the mic's over here. I love this thing. I think it's absolutely delicious. I'm curious. Uh, a grape goose, vodka, shambard, pineapple juice, minute-made orange juice, grape juice, lemon lime foam. Yeah, this is all of those things absolutely come through. It's nice. It's fruity. It's surprisingly light considering it is frozen, but I think that's thanks to the foam on top. This is a perfectly sweet beverage to keep you cool on a hot day or just help you relax a little bit. I can see it maybe being a little bit too sweet or even slightly tart for people, but it's definitely a favorite for me. Best of the Fest booth. Magic all around. So good. I'm obsessed with it and I'm never leaving this place ever. And if you see me again in this video somewhere else, just know I'm coming back. Another huge part of Festival of the Arts and honestly one of one of my favorite parts, it's definitely the chalk art. The thing that makes this so cool is that there are real artists, real artists here just like making incredible chalk art almost all day. And it ranges in from different variety everything to um you know Disney characters to uh abstract art to maybe some forest perspective art. Uh and but but the fact that they have local artists here, it just really you feel like this whole thing is one big art collective from the the tents to the chalk art on the floor to the live entertainment that is different visual arts as well. It really does just make it feel like lived in and just like this is a really art friendly space. So anyway, regardless definitely check out the uh check out the chalk art. Support the artists. Cheer them on. They're they're hearing some of the artists talk as I overheard them talking to each other. You know, they were in the middle of their chalk art and going, "All right, and here's the fun part." And like, so they they're really enjoying what they're doing, too. So, I just love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. Uh, support these artists. Art is important. How did it get hot? I made it over to the El Artista Humbreento, which is the hungry artist. They've got the chili rieno, the tostada de kungrejo, the passion fruit paletta, which I'm really excited about. And then a couple of margaritas to try. And of course, I'm not the only one that's excited. So, let's go ahead and hop in line. Starting off here with the chili rieno there in your bottom righthand corner. This is a flour tortilla filled with seared beef tenderloin, pablano peppers, black beans, and salsa roa. Right to the left of that is the tostada de kangreo. This is a crispy corn tortilla topped with guacamole, lup crab, mango, crispy onions, and hot sauce. And then right behind it, we have the Perfect Margarita, which is Kinda Mezcow join prickly pear puree, passion fruit puree, and le cream dicasses with a poperri salt rim, which is just kind of there for floral. On the side directly over to its right is the mocharita which is made of contraoo esposado custalino tequila matcha tea strawberry lor and sweet cream. I usually don't like matcha. That one is actually really good. That one's got some flavor. It's definitely that prickly pear, but it also has that salt rim. If you're brave enough to try it, it's fantastic. But it does have like a smokier mezcow taste to it. Let's try the justa. Okay, the hot sauce is just enough to know that it's there without being too spicy. Lots of really good flavors in that. Lots of good crunch, crispy pieces to it. And then the love crab is delicious. I can taste a little bit of that mango, but it's mainly the guac and the crab and then the hot sauce and then the extra crunch texture to it. Fantastic. Now, let's try the taco. Actually prefer this salsa roa to the hot sauce just because it's a little bit more like an authentic salsa. Almost like you got kotilla cheese also with the black um beans, but that pablano pepper isn't too spicy at all. This is really, really good. Okay, for my next line, I'm here at Vibbronte and Vivido. This in the last year was Encanto themed. It's not anymore, but it's between Morocco and France. I've got about three items I'm testing out, and Emma's being a super trooper hero and searching for a table for us. Let's talk. Here we have three items. This is the chorizo and potato empanada. Then we have the passion fruit filled mango cheesecake and the layered berry pin colada smoothie. Now this could be technically actually no that's right. I got nervous. You can also have this spiked but we did it so that way Emma and I can both try it. We're ready to talk. We've thought it through. I finished my entire half of the empanada. We'll talk about it first. I actually really liked it. I didn't think I would. The chorizo and potato balance each other so well. There's a slight kick to the chorizo, but in a Disney way. I would not say it's actually spicy. I would just say it has like a nice little kick, little touch of heat that is just satisfying to the mouth. It's not painful. It's honestly probably not even apparent if you eat a lot of spice, but it was just enough to feel really nice. It was hearty and heavy and comforting. I will say I think the actual empanada itself was maybe a little bit overcooked, like slightly burnt, but honestly it made it nice and crispy and crunchy when I bit into it, which I don't know that it's always going to be that way, so that's why I kind of caveat it, but I thought it was really good. Um, the sauce on top also was very needed. It kind of helped make sure the empanada wasn't dry, and it was really nice and surprising. Warning, it's going to dye yellow. There's turmeric in the aioli and Emma and I are covered in it. What did you think about the empanada? Yeah. Okay. Um, I liked the empanada. I think that it balances flavors really well together. So, I think in that way it's a little bit of a more unique flavor profile. I agree. I think so. I'm also going to say the same thing about the passion fruit mango fil cheesecake. This was so interesting. But I think both I can say this for both of us. We didn't know if we liked it on the first bite, but the more I ate it, the more I liked it. It was really surprising. It was super fruity, and I think the coconut um pineapple cake was nice. It was light. It was fruity, and it had like a small thin casey on the outside that gave it an interesting textural element. The inside had um that nice kind of jelly center, the mango itself, and that really is what saved it for me. It made it interesting. I prefer the mango flavor. It was a little bit sharp. And then on top the dragon fruit strawberry um jely however jelly basically um I also thought was interesting texturally. I can see a lot of people being turned off by this because there is a lot happening but I I did like it. Did you like it or were you So so I liked it. I think that the cake is a little dry but you're not going to be getting that on its own. You're going to be eating it with the mousse and the jelly. Yeah, I agree. Yeah, that's fair. And then finally we had the layered berry pin colada. Both of us loved this. Super sweet, nice and fruity, really easy to sip on. Um, and I think, yeah, a fruity is just the perfect word. The coconut, the the pin colada of it all is definitely the strongest flavor, but I think the wild berry is a surprising twist on what might be a traditional just like fruity pin colada. I thought it was really nice. Um, I could see it being really good with rum. What did you think? I uh think it comes in a very fun cup. It does come in a fun cup, too, you know. So, if you want a fun cup, yeah, it's might as well with the fun cup. I think it's a really good um non-alcoholic option. I agree. It doesn't feel like a kitty drink to me. It feels like a real pinina colada that may or may not have alcohol in it, which is exciting. So, I'm going to honestly give this lowercase M magic. I liked it. What do you think? Magic. Magic or tragic? I think I agree. Yeah. Okay, I'll take an agree. I bet no one's playing this but us, but I love playing it. So, magic or tragic it is. It's almost square. That's right. Emma squared. I am here in the America's Pavilion and I have got their funnel cake for the festival. So, this is the wild berry funnel cake from the funnel cake stand here at the American Adventure. It is a funnel cake sandwich with vanilla ice cream and powdered sugar topped with brown sugar brandy wild berry compost, whipped cream, and dark chocolate sauce. Obviously, the brandy has technically been cooked out, so it is good for me to eat. Um, it did lean. We've got a leaning tower of pizza over here, but let's give it a try. I'm very, very excited. That ice cream is melted, of course. That is pretty good. I really love it cuz the berries are very fresh. There is no artificial berry taste. It is very, very natural. Definitely grab a knife though. Oh my goodness gracious. Let's try to eat this and Oh my gosh. And not make a complete mess. Okay. I don't know if I would go as far as to say best of the fest. Well, maybe I think I am. I think I'm going to say best of the fest if you like fruit uh flavored desserts. But again, not overwhelmingly so. It's really it makes a funnel cake really refreshing, and refreshing is never something I would ever call a funnel cake, but truly there's there's a great balance of everything. There's enough ice cream, but not too much. Enough of the berry compost, but not too much, and enough of the whipped cream, but not too much. So, I got the Pop Art Latte, which is espresso with your choice of milk and vanilla syrup topped with lavender whipped cream and Skittles popped original freeze-dried candy. I'm not sure how I feel about the Skittles. I already know that I don't love the freeze-dried Skittles cuz I'd rather just have a regular Skittles. But anyways, love lavender lattes, so I think the whipped cream is going to be great. So, I'm excited. Ready? Cheers. The Skittles are there because it's special of the arts. They want it to be colorful and fun. I would just get this without the Skittles to be honest and just get the lavender um whip on the top and I love that. This is if I'm coming to Festival of the Arts and I want a fun coffee, morning coffee to fit in with the theme, I would get this. I would recommend this as a coffee drinker, but again, I love lavender lattes, so I'm all over this. By the way, forgot to mention this is Joffre. I got at the Joffre at the front of the World Showcase. So, I will be enjoying the rest of this as we go on to our next thing. So, I approve. This is our last official booth. Who knows where we're going to land after this, but this is Goshiki and we got the spread because of course we did. This is in Japan and one of my personal favorites. I will I don't even want to talk about this, so we're going to come back to it. First is the tiyaki. Um yeah, tiaki. It's crispy, flaky fish with a chocolate flavored pastry and custard. And then there's a whipped topping. We got the famous sushi donut because it's a returning favorite and you have to get the sushi donut. We got the Tokyo kawaii roll, which is essentially shrimp tempura, but it's really pretty in sushi form. And then we got the Wagu bun, which technically this is new because it's purple. In the past, it's been regular, but now it's purple, so we have to say it's new. I am excited because it does have uh Wagu beef. This is the sake flight which is very exciting. It has peach, mango, and strawberry sake in it. We also grabbed the grapey apple boba. We also have the yuzu pineapple punch. And then the thing I don't want to talk about, this is the Crooked Can Brewing Company wasabi IPA. We were not supposed to have this. We weren't going to get it cuz a lot of beers just look the same and taste the same, especially if you don't know what beer tastes like. And then Quincy was like, "Hey, I want someone to taste it so they can go on camera." And then I got nominated to go on camera. So, we're going to dive in and try it all. There are a lot of things to call out here. Um, and we don't want to take up too much time because frankly, there's a lot of food to talk about, but I'm going to mention everything fast because I think everything deserves a fast mention. The tiake, um, tiak I think blew us both away. Blew us away. I think I can speak for both of us. This was so good. The chocolate was like flaky, a really nice pastry. It was not too dry. And any parts that maybe were a little bit dry, you dip in that cool whip whipped cream and it's perfect. The inside is a vanilla custard that is just I think the perfect amount. It's not too much. It's not too little. And the they just paired perfectly together. Vanilla and chocolate and whipped cream. What else can you ask for? The sushi donut. You were a real trooper. You had the cucumber. Overall, it really is just sticky rice and fish. It is so pretty and I really like it. I also think for the price it's a good size. It's mostly rice. If you want some knockout sushi, truly knockout sushi, go to Shiki Sai right here in the same pavilion. But I think it's really easy sushi and really delicious without the reservation. So there's a caveat there. Uh the Tokyo Kauaii roll, it was good. I wouldn't say it knocked me on my feet. I think it was another like visual overtaste. The shrimp was good. The tempura was crispy. The rice was just rice. They did have a little lettuce in there, which was actually a nice surprise because it added a nice crispiness. The sauces were the standouts. They added a really interesting tang kind of zingy sweetness to this that is sorely needed. Other than that, the flavors were just kind of plain. Other than that, in my opinion, Wagu bun. Another one we felt big about. We felt big about it. Do you have big thoughts on the Wagu bun? It was very good. It was hectic. It was. It's really well like the beef, the wagu. It's really well seasoned. Um it's definitely a good option for picky eaters. Yeah. Familiar flavors. Yeah. But might feel adventurous even though it's not. I also think color. The purple's pretty. I also think the bun itself, you can kind of see it's not too dense. It's also not falling apart. It has enough structure to hold it all in and keep all that nice good juiciness in. um while still being a little bit like a cloud. Like you just bite into it. I really love it. It's returning fave. The sake, all three of them delicious. All three of them taste exactly like the fruits that they were describing. Nice and sweet. Almost like a I would say a light like thin smoothie. They weren't like super thick, but they definitely weren't thin either and very sweet. I think a fun way to try a lot. Um while kind of keeping familiar flavors in there, but definitely had some alcohol. You could tell, you can kind of get that bite towards the end of them. Grape apple boba. It was pretty good. Um, if you like grape juice, it's the drink for you cuz it's pretty much just grape juice and apple boba. Um, would this be the non-alcoholic beverage I recommend you get? No. I think you should go to VBonte and Vivvito and get that panina colada because I think that was better than this. Just it had more going on. But this isn't a bad option, especially if you want something that's like juice. like this is a lot like grape juice as well as if you just want something that's grape. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. And she has a mic and I'm still interviewing her. Uh the wasabi IPA, I don't like it. I'm not a beer drinker. It's a light beer. Um I would not necessarily say it's wasabi punch you in the face. I would say there is just something if you don't know what it is. You'd be like that's weird. Something in that is not quite right. Wasabi typically I'm like waiting for that burn, that really distinct flavor. I didn't get that. I just got like kind of like a face pinch like like something was wrong. Something's not right with this beer. Like that's kind of how it felt. And then finally, we had the yuzu pineapple punch. Really loved this one. Um it was refreshing. It was light. It was really, really fruity. The pineapple flavor, the yuzu is the main heavy flavor on the front of your palette and then on the back of the palette is when you're really getting that kind of like acidic pineapple. So, it was really nice and balanced and then really easy to sip on, very enjoyable. I said I was going to make it quick and we still talked for 5 minutes but magic capital M. We loved it. Best best. Welcome to Once Upon a Stage celebrating the magic of Disney on Broadway is located at Communicore Hall. This will be the first time the doors open for anyone to see it. But we get a sneak peek over here. So over here you can see the side stage view of what is happening on stage and hear the stage manager calling the cues. Night's 45. This is the coolest thing I've ever seen. Night's 46. As a stage manager myself, I'm freaking out. Breedlove would absolutely love this. You know, he did he worked on Broadway for many, many years and did hair and makeup. Breedlove and I actually found out that he was working on Wicked when I saw it for the very first time in uh New York when I was like 12. So he was backstage. The Newsies costumes are my favorite. Newsies was the first musical that I like really really fell in love with. I I think I saw the touring production of Newsies um five times. Five times. I watch it whenever I'm sad. It makes me so happy. I have some updates. Um, I'm in Italy right now despite the fact that the booth I'm in is in America. I waited 45 minutes. It was 33 minutes to get to the cashier and then an additional 12 to get my food at America. So, it was very, very busy. I think I hyped this booth up a little bit too much in my head. It was really good. Everything here is good. nothing. It's particularly Santa except for the dessert. That chocolate tour. It doesn't have the bitterness of dark chocolate. Honestly, if you're like a chocolate cake lover, I think you'll be happy. The the I heard some folks say it was a lot like a lava cake. I get what they mean. There's no lava on the inside, but it's very rich and just like deeply chocolatey in a really satisfying way. And because it's so rich, even though it's a small portion, I would call it sharable. So delicious, creamy. Absolutely a winner here. Gonna be one of my best times of the fest. I think definitely the best thing I've had today. Um the lobster Caesar I'm a little disappointed in. The lobster itself is nice. It's big. It's meaty. It's well cooked. It's not chewy at all. It has a lot of great lobster flavor. Really fills all your senses with like that sort of more luxurious lobster vibe. The lettuce is a little wilty. And the toppings on here aren't doing much for me. There's not enough Caesar for it to be a core flavor, but at the same time, I don't want more Caesar. That wouldn't that would overpower the lobster, but the lettuce would need more dressing. The toppings don't feel quite right without more Caesar. So, it's just a little imbalance. The biggest issue I have is that I really love radish. There's radish on this, but the radish has a bitter aftertaste, and there's nothing really balancing that. So, it kind of cuts in there and becomes a primary flavor instead of the richness of the lobster. So, this I maybe would skip. It sounds exciting. Unless you're like, I just will take any vehicle for lobster, which if that's the case, I feel you. The steak very good. It absolutely is peppercorn crusted, which feels very fancy, feels very tasty. Um, it is very well cooked to about medium temperature. Beautifully marbled steak. Like, you can see the marble lines of the fat going through it. So, it has a lot of flavor, packed with flavor. I love that it comes with asparagus. The potatoes were a little overly starchy, and by that I mean they were kind of like sticky. I Is this the second time I've used the word goopy? I've never used that word before in food reviews, I feel like. But today, I don't know, goopy things. It's a The potatoes were almost a little goopy, so perhaps a bit overcooked. Um, but the asparagus was delicious. Very well cooked. Nothing woody ory about the asparagus. Um, and then I love the little little herby cheese on the side. Um, overall the sirloin is very good and worth getting. The dark chocolate tortur very good. Uh, definitely a best of the fest. Skip the salad. And then the beer sounds boring actually. Very unique. Yeah, it's almost like a um it almost has a like soda vibe to it. like it's it almost has like a soda shop both in texture where it feels the carbonation really hits in the back of your nose and then almost like the aftertaste of when you drink a root beer but it's not sweet. Um so they it's called old-fashioned ale. So maybe that's the oldfashioned about it and that's just what I'm recognizing. I find it really interesting and really unique and I think and I feel like I drink a lot of different beers. Um, and I don't often find something that I think really catches me off guard is doing something very different and this does. So, I would recommend beer drinkers try this because it is so unique. That said, overall booth was pretty good. Um, whole new menu is always very exciting. This time some misses, some myths. We finally made it to one of the most controversial booths here at Epcot and specifically in any of the festivals they do year round. It's the Italy booth. Nervous. Why is it controversial? Well, because often times it's just not very good. And people ask why. It's Italy. You have some of the best food in the world. What are we where are we going wrong? Where are we doing? Hopefully, maybe this is the year that everything changes. Let's find out. And I'm going to be honest, I had high hopes because I had friends, friends that I trust essentially roll up and say, "Did you see what's on the Italy menu?" I I think maybe they did it right this year. I I don't know. And I had a lovely time with the mozzarella fritter. It was a lovely fried mozzarella circle with with dipping sauces. it. Okay, but here's the thing. In my opinion, who who doesn't like a good mozzarella stick? Sure, you can you can make it fancy and you can put dipping sauces around it like pesto and and and marinara and a white like a whitish sauce that kind of tasted like mayo chip. But at the end of the day, brother, you still sold me a round mozzarella stick. still tasty and arguably the best thing on this menu. Then there was the sweet treat, the raspberry spuma that I could only go into it twice just because the first time confused me so much that I was like, "That can't be right. What is that?" Uh, turns out the mint is fighting the raspberry so hard it's created an entirely different flavor that has yet to be invented. And that flavor is on the verge of like gross. And then the most disappointing for me personally was the palenta. I love palenta. I was really excited about it. But unfortunately, the Bolognese was underseasoned, not very flavorful, and it almost tasted like there was too much gelatin in the um palenta itself. I understand you've got to likely I'm not a chef, but put something in it to make it to to mold it and make it sit on top of that um bolognese. But it just tasted the the texture was was almost gelatin and it was I was disappointed. I was that that one I was I was actually bummed out about because I was I was excited for that one. I was like maybe this is the one. Um and then we get to the drinks. The Italian inspired margarita. Uh I was nervous cuz I'm not a huge fan of blood orange or like citrus really like that like hard citrus. And um actually found it to be quite refreshing. Uh sweet but not too sweet but not syrupy but pretty sweet. And on top of that, the biggest shock was it was frozen. I don't know of a lot of Italian margaritas that are frozen. So, if you're a margarita lover and you're expecting something on the rocks, not today. And finally, the most confusing drink of them all. It was the Sicilian Sunrise. It was like I was drinking something I couldn't afford. There was like a pungentness to it that I was like, "Oh, oh, I can't I don't think I can afford this." But Uh, but it tasted like a perfume that I couldn't afford. So, there's this weird juxosition where I don't I don't love what I'm drinking, but because it tastes like something that I that I probably can't afford, I'm like, this might be intriguing to me. Somebody help this booth. Somebody help it and get the gelatin out of my palenta. Ah, I've made my way over to Pastoral Pallet, which is kind of the holy grail, so to speak, for some of the festivals here. Germany is always a fantastic favorite. I'm really hoping that this leans into the hype and is able to sway me yet for another year. We're after the red wine brazed beef short rib, the black forest cake, and then I think I've got my eye on that play on rosé flight. So, looks like we need to hop in line and we may be waiting a minute. All right, from Pastoral Pette, this is what we've kind of picked up and it's quite the haul. So, let's get on into it. Right up here up front, we have the red wine brazed beef short rib. This is served with parsnip puree, broccolini, baby tomatoes, and balsamic glaze. This is a returning festival item, so you can pick this one up for $8.75. Right side of it is the black forest cake, which looks delicious. This is a chocolate mousse with morel cherries and chantelli cream. also a returning item you can get for $4.99. And then right here in the back we have a rosé flight. It's called a play on rosé flight. Another returning festival offering and this one you can pick up from 1350. There are three different flavors on it. This first one here in the kind of amber color is the three daughters brewing rosé hardsider. The one in the center is the 81 bay Brewing Company rosé blonde ale. And then the one here on the right hand side is just a classic frozen rosé. And I am so excited. Look at all the colors in this. So pretty. Now, the rosé flight was fantastic. Uh, can't go wrong with a classic frozen rosé. That was just nice and light and just really has that floral note for a rosé coming through. The blonde ale I didn't mind as much, even though it is technically a beer. Oh man. Just nice and bubbly, but very smooth. Um, but still kept that rosé taste to it, which I really appreciated. The hard cider was perfection as well. Um, very much a bubbly hard cider, almost reminiscent of a soda with the way it bubbles and fizzes and kind of like fizzes as it goes down your throat. Oh, so so good. Overall, great flavors. I would totally do this one again. Um, the mousse was fantastic. It was almost I was worried about it melting. It was almost like a cake because it took me a little bit to kind of cut through it, but it cuts like butter once you actually break through that chocolate layer on the outside. Fantastic. Lots of cherry flavor throughout. It's like chocolate and cherries. Like, how can you go wrong with that, right? So, very, very good. And then the beef short rib is fantastic. Um, I want to say that's mashed potatoes, but it's very sweet, almost like a palenta, but pureeed. Uh, so so good. So, if you're used to Disney mashed potatoes and they're like buttery and kind of salty, these are much much on the sweeter side and a little bit thicker and stickier. Um, little Roma tomatoes were fine. And the broccoli tasted really good, too. Uh, although I just didn't have a whole whole lot of broccoli. This is fantastic. I think everything here on the menu that we tried was 10 out of 10. Blew my socks off. This is amazing. You need to come stop in Germany. My next stop is bringing us all the way out over here to Refreshment Outpost, which is kind of a staple for festivals with some kind of miscellaneous, so to speak, festival items. But this year, I'm really excited to try out a couple of them they have. Here's what we picked up at Refreshment Outpost. We started off with the Artist Pallet jumbo chocolate chip cookie. You can pick this one up for $5.79. This one looks like it's going to be really, really good cuz I love a warm, gooey chocolate chip cookie. And the refreshment outpost this year has the drink that is typically found at Festival of the Arts at uh Refreshment Port because that is under refurbishment. They're now carrying the Boyd and Blair Blood Orange Cosmo and this one you can buy for $1350 here at Refresh Outpost instead. So, I'm really excited to try them both. I don't think I've had either. The chocolate chip cookie is ginormous. But it is just that a standard chocolate chip cookie, but in the sun it does kind of melt a little bit. Gets a little gooer, a little bit more pliable, chewy. It's got great consistency. It's a hit with kids. I'm seeing parents jump in line specifically for this cookie to share between a couple of kids. So, definitely worth the stop by here. uh if you're looking for something safe, but also know that it's going to be really well-rounded in in the dessert department. Uh this Void and Blair Blood Orange Cosmo is tangy. So, it's tangy like a blood orange flavor. If you've ever had an orange tic tac and you let it sit too long in your mouth, that's exactly what this tastes like. Um but it almost has like a ginger beer, maybe a Sprite without the sweetness, like a seltzer water consistency. Mhm. Yeah, this is really good. Watch out me again. Connections Eery actually has some uh fun festival offerings. So, let's go check it out. You know what? I'm not actually mad about anything that I had there. The If you've ever had a barbecue pizza, that's essentially what you're eating. It's It's, you know, it's got the barbecue sauce is sweet. Uh the onion adds that different little that that savory twist. Same thing with the mojito. It is a classic mojito with uh mint foam on top. Now, you have to like mint because it is mint on mint on mint. But as someone who's like not a huge like, I've got to have that mint. Who says that? I've got to have that mint. Someone who doesn't say he has to have that mint. Um I I wasn't overwhelmed by it. I was like, oh, this is Oh, this is a lovely mojito and like a fun a surprising element with this mint foam. But classic mojito. If you ever had a mojito, that's what it tastes like. But the thing that I really enjoyed was actually the new chicken sandwich. We talk about the Disney spice a lot, which means like, oh, they say it's spicy, but it's not really spicy because it's Disney. It's familyfriendly. No, this actually had a really nice kick to it. The sllo cooled it all down. The chicken uh breading actually had a nice crunch. It wasn't too soggy. So, I was really impressed. And it comes with fries. Who doesn't who doesn't love fries to Disney World? You know what I'm saying? Now, would I go out of my way for any of this food over the festival food? Absolutely not. But if your grandmother's like, "I've got to have this burger in this connections place," then yeah, get yourself that chicken sandwich cuz it it was pretty good. But it's not festival food. My journey has led me over here to the Painted Panda in China. You can see this long booth line. We're in for what looks like pretty good eats. Okay, so from the painted panda, we have the General So chicken shumai, which are dumplings filled with chicken, asparagus, onion, and water chestnut topped with General So sauce. Now, this is actually returning to the festival, so it's not exactly new, but you can pick this one up for $10.75. Over here next to it, we have the charui pork bun, which is a sweet and savory Cantonese style barbecue pork in a steeen bun. Now, we've actually seen this offered at other festivals, but it's the first time that it's making its way over here for Festival of the Arts. You can pick this one up for $8.75. Right behind it, we have the Silk River hard lemonade that's made with vodka, lavender, coconut syrup, and Minuteade premium lemonade. Again, a returning item, but this one you can pick up for $1450. And then also for the same $1450. This is a butterfly pea, flour infused cocktail with vodka, light rum, lyche syrup, and crystal boa pearls. You can pick this one up again for $1450. Wow, those dumplings to be kind of infused with a bunch of veggies. I really didn't mind it. It had a good crunch to it and overall kind of real chewy because of the dumpling pieces on the inside. But I mean, even as picky as I am, I could stomach it. And I really love that sauce on top. That General So is just amazing. All right, let's try the bow bun now. Okay, I believe we've seen the bow bun before at a different festival, but for its debut, it's hitting on all the high notes. It's um puffy in that bow bun. has nice flavor against kind of the uh micro greens with it. And then you've got the nice chewy or fattier pieces of pork belly to it. It is delicious. I mean, that one is almost as good as the ones that I have at Jo Lindsy's. And they're fantastic, too. So, I actually got something to compare it to. And I really wouldn't mind getting this again either. Let's try this. The butterfly blue. Okay. So, that one's going to be a little bit more like vodka forward with that butterfly pee that you can really taste on top. If you like a stronger drink, that's definitely the way to go. Um, I don't know that I would do that one on an empty stomach though, especially at this festival. It's beautiful though, and I love that little petal at the top. This one almost tastes like an alcoholic pink lemonade without that extra bitter bite from the lemonade taste. It is good. Very, very sweet, very subtle, nice and glittery. And I love that uh sugar top, that sugar rim to it. It's It's beautiful. But yeah, really more just like an alcoholic um pink lemonade just without that bitter, you know, bite and taste to it. Okay, I am heading into Creations Shop to grab a map for the scavenger hunt. I'm very excited. I love the scavenger hunts. I've gone ahead and grabbed the figments brush with the master scavenger hunt. This one is so so much fun. It's going to cost you $11.99. and you grab this at Gateway Gifts World Traveler or Creations Shop. And what you're going to do is you're going to head around World Showcase and you're going to be looking for Figment in some of this artwork. When you find him, grab these little stickers and you're going to place them on the front. But the good news is whether you complete the scavenger hunt or not, you are getting a prize. There are four different options you can grab, but they are all these very cute um it's paint by numbers, but it's not paint, it's stickers. There's a sticker sheet right behind it. So, parents, no need for a mess. don't need to worry about that if you're uh clumsy like me. You also don't need to worry about a mess. One of the really really cool additions at this festival that we've never seen before is the addition of Lorcana around the parks. So, completely for free, you can stop by and grab a little quest book. Um this is like a scavenger hunt, but it's totally free. And you're going to be looking for these cards throughout the park. And when you find all of them, you're going to put your little sticker where you uh on each one and then bring it back to a cast member where you grabbed it. So, it's going to be in the Illumineers Lounge in the Morocco Pavilion or Figments Inspiration Station at the Odyssey and you're going to get a special card. The special card is none other than Rapunzel. Look at how absolutely gorgeous that is. I think this is so fun and what a what an amazing free scavenger hunt. Not only that, you also get a pack of Lur Connor cards. How cool is that? I'm here at Fictional Fictionals where we're going to get a little bit of a a fictional meal. It's not going to be real. It's going to be fake. Everything that I'm about to eat is is is not real. You're not You're never going to It's just It's all in your mind. I don't know what kind of inventure that is, but it's kind of Alice Morland the theme, which is fiction. I don't know. Let's just see. So, fiction evictionals actually was very cute. Uh, it has this kind of like Alice in Wonderland theme. Even the booth, you can kind of see like the chest pieces out there. Uh, there's a there's a red paint brush on the window sill. They're painting the roses red. Super cute. So, they've also tied their Alice in Wonderland theme uh to their food as well. It's funny because in Alice Wonderland, not a lot of people remember the oysters. There's a whole huge oyster scene. Uh, and we are now eating the oysters. So, that's funny. Haha. Which reminds me, if you're a fan of oysters, uh this isn't super oyster forward. This is I'm a fan of oysters, and typically oysters are, you know, a little briny, a little saltier. No, this is definitely more um creamed spinach forward. And that was just chapter one. Chapter two was the Impossible Bites. Now, unfortunately, chapter 2, the plate of Impossible Bites kind of fell a little short. Uh while uh there was some bold flavors, there were also some conflicting flavors. For example, the roasted turkey breast had pineapple toffee butter on top. And don't get me wrong, it sounds interesting, but when you put those strong flavors on top of what you would expect to be roasted turkey, a savory bite, um it just uh it it it tricks you in and not necessarily a kind way. The rest of the plate was just me kind of one note. Then we get into chapter three, which is the tea treat, which I loved. Presentation super cute. The chocolate teacup, the hard shell teacup inside an Earl Grey chocolate popped to creme. Get more of like a mousse texture flavor. More than anything, I think this is cute just for the gram. Get it. Get it. Get it for the gram. I also love hard chocolate. So, take some pictures with it, but it tastes good. I was nervous it was going to be earthy because of the tea, but no, it was actually uh quite sweet and lovely for a moose, you know what I mean? And finally, the upside down shake. I got mine alcoholic. You can get yours non-alcoholic. is yellow cake soft serve with English breakfast tea and whipped cream vodka. Honestly, if you if you if you've ever had a birthday cake ice cream before put that in shake form, that's exactly what this was. And they put a little cupcake uh they put a little cupcake on top and the whipped cream vodka is an extra zing. As far as the booth goes, probably not best the fest, but some interesting options here. Not bad. We are making our way over to one last booth for me for the night. This is for Deco Delights. They've got a couple of new items here, including this sparkling spectacle gateau, which is made of vanilla bean mousse with a golden caramel center and apricot jam on a hazelnut cookie. This is actually new to the festival this year and will cost you $5.99. It's also eligible on that wonderful walk of colorful cuisine where you collect those stamps, so make sure you pick yours up, too. For our drink, we picked up the Crooked Can Brewing Company buttercream fresco. Now, this is also new for this year's festival and will cost you $12.50. Man, these look adorable. I'm really excited to dig in. In the magic of YouTube land, we make fur. Yeah. I'm here. Oh, she told me to eat something. And Quincy, too. Get out of the shrine. That one. Go away. Go away. She never lets us do stuff. Just kidding. You love her. What am I about to eat most of the time? Um, got Okay, don't ask me. Marina said to eat it. I say yes, ma'am. It's like butterscotch, hazelnut. Sounds pretty good. Vanilla beans. Is it like a mousse? Mhm. Mhm. That's good. Ooh. Oh, it's got like a coffee flavor on the back of the vanilla. That just hit me too. And then that vanilla bean is just all-encompassing mousse. And then it also has kind of like a hazelnutty back end to it. It's like that's complex coffee. Yeah, I can taste the coffee a little bit. Yeah, it's crooked can and they're usually pretty good. Now, the stouts and stuff I really can do, but that one's pretty good. It is. And for the price, that's a pretty hefty portion for a festival. Like, I'm I'm not complaining. I've had little ones all day. Yeah. Crooked Cam Brewing Company buttercream fresa. Okay. I can really taste that. It's very strong. It's almost I like the light stuff. I'm a wimp. I know. So, it's almost a little bit too much for me, but I could still drink this whole thing. The back end is a little bit more of a stout kind of. Yes. In the very back, like the aftertaste, you feel it in your throat. But I could still drink the whole thing. I do like it. It's just not my favorite that I've had all day. Magic. Magic. I haven't been doing that for any of my booths. Oh, I think I did all but one. Very exciting. What's happening right now is they are soundchecking for the very first Disney on Broadway concerts here at the uh American Gardens Theater in the American Pavilion. So essentially this concert series uh different Broadway people who have been affiliated with Disney on Broadway, they actually come here and perform at the American Gardens Theater. Tonight opening the festival are uh two people who have played um uh Aladdin on Broadway and Jasmine on Broadway. They're practicing a whole new world right now. Super fun. But uh we absolutely love the Disney on Broadway concert series. Go check it out. It's different people uh from people from uh Mary Poppins or from Tarzan, all the above. And obviously we know, say it with me, live entertainment is important. We found each other. And Sage is in his trench. Okay. Yeah. I'm either serving Inspector Gadget or Perry the Blatabus. Uh, both. Both. All right. We have finished. Epcot International Festival are 2026. How's everybody feeling? There we go. So far, artistic. There's a a better and and worse. Worse at the same time. Bittersweet. Um inquisitive. Oh, cuz you're a PI detective. Uh well, the way we Well, the way we like to sum up these festivals is to say our favorite thing that happened from every festival. So, I will say your name, you say your favorite thing. Sage. Uh Broadway concert series. Emma working with Emma Larouche fry not figment Emma Larouche the Wagu beef butt nice good one not working with Emma heard yeah no I knew what I KNEW WHAT I and working with Emma France booth Miranda ro flight all right JP mine was the funnel cake and mine was the chocolate tour in America or the Broadway concert series which I also love. We had so much fun at Festival of the Arts. This is a great festival. Who among us is this a favorite of the Hi. That's it's it's slowly it's slowly becoming my second favorite. My second favorite great festival. If you're going, I hope this video helps you plan. If you're not going, I hope you got to live vicariously through it. And if you're still here, please like this video and drop this secret code in the comments so you know you made it all the way. Plus, don't forget to subscribe. We upload tips, games, vlogs, and more from Disney World and beyond all week. Why? Cuz we're serious about fun. We'll see you next time. Drop in the comments if I should wear trench coats more often. He should, but it's Florida.
