---
video_id: njGwjnnUc5U
channel: AllEars.net
title: "7 Sneaky Magic Kingdom Tricks for 2026"
published: 2026-01-22
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njGwjnnUc5U
---
2026 is a weird year for Magic Kingdom. Fewer rides, same crowds. Here are the sneaky tips that actually work this year. One, take the sneaky shortcuts that still work. One starts with an oldie but a goodie. Here I am at the TTC where many Magic Kingdom mornings begin. I'm about to take the Montreal, but I'm about to take it in a very specific way that especially during the busiest times will help you to get to Magic Kingdom a lot faster. Make sure you're getting in the right hand side line, not the left. This is important because the left loads the rear of the train, the right loads the front. Actually, it depends on what direction what direction the Montreal is running because lately they've been running it both clockwise and counterclockwise during the day. Testing it out to see which way ends up being more efficient. And you're going to want to go all the way to the end or the front. It's called gate 12. And it's all the way at the end or the front. able to stay on the same side of the car uh that you enter through, even better. That'll help you when you're exiting because the same doors open to let you out. Please remember to collect your belongings and take the unfold. As you can see, if you're next to the door, all you have to do is walk out, take a left, come down these stairs, and you completely bypass the ramp. So, you'll be the first off and the first to the gate to scan in. This saves a lot of time in the morning when people are moving slow. There's also an equivalent tip for the resort Montreal on the other side of the ramp. You can be in the first car on that one too on the last car. If you're on that same side of the resort Montreal, you can do the same exact thing. Use the staircase that's on the right hand side of the ramp instead of the left. And uh you'll be the first one off the resort Montreal to Magic Kingdom. Also, made it into the park and down to the end of Main Street. We're going to take a right to enter Tomorrowland a different way. The bridge into Tomorrowland is dramatic. It's beautiful. It's themed, but I like Tomorrowland terrace, too. It looks nice and it's a great shortcut, especially in the morning if you don't have early theme park entry and you're joining all of the other guests getting your day started at the normal operating time. This is where you'll be able to rope drop in your own way, Tomorrowland. I used this tip recently in a video to rope drop and I was able to make it into Tomorrowland and be the only person. There may have been two other people with me coming this direction while everyone else was waiting across the bridge into Tomorrowland. And I was able to walk at a normal speed and meet the first people who were crossing the bridge by coming this direction. So, I didn't lose any time. I made time by not being stuck behind a sea of people. Always do my best to avoid walking through Adventureland at all cost if at all possible. And it usually always is possible. And I'll show you why. Instead of going to Adventure Land, keep this little bridge in mind over to the right. This is a day of secret bridges. This is definitely an important one, not only for crossing over from the entrance to Adventureland to Liberty Square, but also at the end of the night doing the opposite route after the fireworks or the parade. This is really important because it can get you straight to Emporium without having to take the bridge over to the hub and get stuck in all of that intense hub traffic. You're able to just go back on this secret bridge right behind and get there a lot faster. You can see once you're in Liberty Square, which then turns into Frontier Land, the roads are a lot wider than in Adventureland where everything kind of winds around and major attractions like magic carpets of Aladdin stand right in the middle of a major walkway and you've got Dole Whip in two locations along the route making huge lines form. And another thing I love about taking Frontier Land specifically, besides the fact that it's so wide and open and generally a lot less crowded, is of course this walkway. It's kind of like a boardwalk. I don't know, a dock that you can walk along the uh Rivers of America. Oh, too soon. Rivers of America is no longer as is Tom Sawyer Island. But this walkway is still here. So even though now you're walking along construction walls instead of a beautiful river, an island with a uh with a windmill and rocking chairs. Yes, it definitely does hurt. Um and now you just see construction walls. But what's cool is if you walk up next to them, you can hear some construction and think about the exciting new area that we have to look forward to, Piston Peak. It's also a great way to get you to a very key ride that is going to be opening soon, Big Thunder Mountain Railroad. And with this refurbishment comes a lot of attention. There's a new show scene. People are going to be very interested in this ride. Again, it's all newly tracked. It's probably going to feel amazing. And of course, down this little corridor is also Tiana's Bayou Adventure, which you can see up there. Another major attraction. And okay, yes, we are encountering Woody and Jesse, which that's very exciting. It does create some congestion, but nowhere near what people are experiencing right now in Adventure Land. But Breedlove, we want to get to Magic Carpets of Aladdin or we have a Lightning Lane return for Jungle Cruise right now. We've got to get over there and that's fine. I'm still telling you to take Frontier Land and then use this breezeway. Look, I'll show you how easy it is. This breezeway connects Frontier Land to Adventure Land. It's such a short walk. I mean, look, this is like almost embarrassing how quickly we're over here, but you can already see accumulations of people. Like, how am I going to walk through that that you don't see over in Frontier Land? This is Magic Carpets of Aladdin. You can get over there practically instantaneously. Breed Love, we have a return time for Pirates of the Caribbean. You still want us to walk through Frontier Land? And the answer is yes. Yes, I do. These walkways are huge. There aren't any crunch points. Now, there are if you go back over there to Big Thunder Railroad, and we'll talk about that in a moment, but for now, I am getting you quickly to destinations in Adventureland through Frontier Land. And this is a really important one. Don't forget that the exit out of Adventureland into Frontier Land is also on the other side an entrance into Adventureland from Frontier Land. I know it sounds obvious, but some people might not actually think about the fact that all you have to do is walk around the corner from Frontier Land and you're right here at Pirates of the Caribbean. And we didn't have to go through any of that. And don't forget the breezeway from Liberty Square into Adventure Land as well. This one will get you right to Skipper Canteen behind me. And here's a shortcut I've never shown before. It's actually a secret bridge, which you know, I love a secret bridge. and it takes you from the TTC parking lot to the Polynesian Village Resort, which is very helpful if you want to park at the TTC in the morning for a day at Magic Kingdom, but very quickly get to the Polynesian Village Resort for breakfast, which is something, you know, I highly recommend. That is where you can pick up the tram. Oh, there it is right there. We're not taking the tram today because we're not going to Magic Kingdom. We are going to the left to take a secret bridge to the Polynesian Village Resort. So, when you are coming into the parking lot, you don't get to decide which section you are put in. You have to follow cast member directions, but you can walk to the left instead of the right and take the secret bridge that we are going to show you that goes directly into the Polynesian Village Resort. This is great if you're going there for dining, which is what I'm about to do today. I'm doing walk up for Y Lulu. A nice little leisurely stroll beforehand is definitely welcome. We're crossing out of Aladdin, crossing over into Woody. If you're in preferred parking, it's very possible you will be a lot closer to this magical secret bridge than we were today. And in that case, that's awesome. It's also possible you could be a lot further away. You could have been way on the right side of the parking lot, which means it might have been more convenient for you to go to the TTC and take the Montreal or the walking path from there. And then you cut around here and it's like your own magical little entrance to the Polynesian Village Resort. Aloha. All right, 10-minute estimated wait for Y Lulu Bar and Grill. And we got here super fast using our feet and a secret bridge you just have to know about. And in just 16 minutes, here we are arriving at Wulu and we've already been told our table is ready. 16 minutes from parking the car to walking in for our table and we didn't even have a reservation. Tip two, sneaky stillness. After the fireworks end, Main Street turns into a river of people. And you don't want to flow with them. You want to take a break and head down while the stream is a little less rushing. You don't want to rush down the river. You want to You want to be in a lazy river. There, we got there. You want to take some time and let most people exit the park before you do. Now, Quincy Sage and I literally just did a video where we filmed what happens when you leave immediately with the crowd and we tested the Montreal, the boat, and going by foot. It was not pleasant. I'll just repeat, it was not pleasant. There are many other ways to do this. Well, actually, there's one other way, and that is sit somewhere and wait. And I'm going to tell you where to do that. over there at Casey's Corner. That outdoor seating tends to get very congested, at least the area leading to it after the fireworks because people are trying to get into the door over there to go into Emporium, hoping that they can get a shortcut. There are people trying to leave out this way as well. It's not as crowded. It's not as congested because people are primarily trying to cut down the middle of Main Street. That's why we recommend you come over to the seating area in front of Plaza Restaurant. This is the one that tends to be a little bit quieter because there aren't as many people forcing their way through due to people trying to get into the emporium and also crossing over from other areas of the park. Now, this definitely isn't the only place to stop and wait after the fireworks. This tip isn't about a specific location. And that's just a helpful hint as to where we find we can sit sometimes and wait. Where is your perfect location? Did you find a secret bench somewhere? Where do you love to wait for the crowds to subside so that you can get to the form of transportation you prefer faster? Let us know in the comments below. I'd love to hear some of your secret spots for waiting out the crowd. And of course, you can always go shopping on Main Street. You can always go into Emporium. They want you to shop. go shopping. Three, sneaky avoidance. When a new ride opens in Magic Kingdom or a classic ride gets an overhaul and reopens, it is treated like the cultural experience that it truly is. With Tiana's Bayou Adventure, even though it was technically an overlay of an existing ride, there were previews that seemed to last forever and caused chaos here in Magic Kingdom, especially in this section of the park in Frontier Land. Very possible we will experience something similar with both Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin and also Big Thunder Mountain Railroad. Two rides people love. two rides people are very interested to see the new versions of. And we're not just talking annual passholders and DVC members. We're talking cast members first. And there are people in the parks. There are extra people that will be around congesting areas. And you should avoid them. Keep in mind some of these walls will be removed when Big Thunder Mountain Railroad opens, but some of them, a lot most of them will not be. So, it's not like you'll suddenly have this big open space and this is a dead end. There's nowhere else to go from here. I mean, people could go use the restrooms and Tiana's or get in queue for Tiana's, but that's it. Everyone else who goes down here has to exit the way that they came in. I still think that Frontier Land will be better than Adventureland under pretty much any circumstance. I mean, never say never never say always, but we'll keep an eye on that for the time being. I would still rather you use Frontier Land than Adventure Land for most things, but I'd also recommend avoiding this area of the park, the dead end that is Tiana's Bayou Adventure and Big Thunder Mountain Railroad, unless you are riding one of those rides. If you don't have the ability to ride this ride, don't come down here. Don't check it out. It's either open or it's not. I promise you, there's no getting in. Asking the cast member what's going on down here is not going to get you on the ride. It's only going to waste your time. Tip four, take the sneaky reset. Buzz Light, your Space Ranger Spin is in the midst of what sounds like an amazing refurbishment. It's not quite a total overhaul. I mean, it's the same basic ride, but it seems like every element within the ride is getting a refresh, if not a complete dramatic overhaul. That means if you're one of the people who's used to becoming a galactic hero every single time because you watched a video on all years and someone taught you how to do it or you figured it out on your own. That 9999,999 points that you used to be able to achieve that with well that's changing as is probably the entire way you have to play the game to get the most points now. If you can even max it out. I can tell you everything we do know so that you're the most prepared of anybody you know the day that it reopens. We know Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin is opening in spring of 2026. We do know that prior experience will not translate. We're all starting from scratch, friends. I have a feeling you'll still be way ahead from me. The blasters will now be removable and free moving. You'll have independent aiming. There'll be haptic feedback when you shoot. There'll be LEDs glowing when you fire. There are red or green rider colors depending on where you are seated. The targets respond in a matching color to the one that your blaster shoots. The Zerg Z is retained and now has dynamic visuals. There are bullseye triggers with sound and animation and feedback. The vehicles themselves are slimmer. They are twoperson and they are styled like Buzz's outfit. The score cap is removed. Is there a new score cap? That I don't know. The first ride is going to be all about learning. This is not about absolutely getting the highest score of your life the first time you ride. This is about sitting down, taking it all in, watching what other people are having success doing. Don't feel the pressure to blast constantly the minute you sit down. This is a time to take it all in and to start observing what is working. The sooner you let go of what was and just accept the fact that all of us are starting from scratch now with this new version of the game, not only will you adjust and adapt faster, you'll also be able to have fun. And isn't that the most important thing? I know that that's the most important thing to me. Why? Because I've never been able to hit those little targets. I'm horrible at this game. Tip number five, sneaky calendar. Not all Disney World days are created equal, and in 2026, there are a lot of what I would describe as land mines, days you'll want to avoid. Marathon weekend is January 7th through 11th, 2026. The Princess Half Marathon is February 19th through 23rd, 2026. The Springtime Surprise is April 16th through 20th, 2026. Don't be surprised by that. The youth sports weekends create similar issues. Late January through early May 2026, ESPN Wide World of Sports becomes a mad house. The large groups they bring in with them come and clog up the parks, the resorts, the transportation, everything. Now, the holiday party days later in the year both compress and relieve crowds. It's really interesting. People are definitely coming into town for them. But if you visit a park where a party is later that day, it tends to be really dead. You can have an awesome day in Magic Kingdom or Hollywood Studios if Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party or Jollywood Nights are happening in those locations, respectively. And it's kind of a cool way to get everything done earlier in the day if you don't mind the fact you're paying full price for a ticket and getting less hours. That's the part a lot of people get hung up on, and that's the part that I would encourage you to process and get over. Sure, you may not be getting your money's worth in terms of time in the parks, but the time that you do have is packed with a lot of experience. Lower crowds mean low weight times and that means you can get through everything fast and spend your evening doing something else like going to Disney Springs, see Drawn to Life, the Circus LA show, or go to a really delicious dinner or even see a movie or go mini golfing. I mean, the options in Disney World are limitless. It's not like you won't be able to find something to do with your time. Tip six, sneaky food. On the busiest days, it can be difficult to buy a bottle of water. It can be hard to find a good pretzel. There are things that we need to get through our day in Walt Disney World. And sometimes the lines for these things are unbelievable. But there are exceptions, and the place right behind me is one of them. This is Prince Eric's. This is in New Fantasy Land. It's right across from Journey of the Little Mermaid, under the sea, Journey of the Little Mermaid, because it's Prince Eric's foods location. This is where you can get your bottled sodas. You can also get the gourmet pretzel that they sell in every park in one location. This is the place where you can get it right here. You can also get the famous pickle in a bag, the prepackaged pickle that the Allars crew love so much because it's filling. It's the cheapest snack we've found on Walt Disney World property and it gives you electrolytes, so it's actually hydrating at the same time. It's kind of a perfect theme park snack and you can buy it right behind me here at Prince Eric's. Here's the jumbo pretzel. Delicious served with cheese sauce if you want it. The turkey leg, of course, the iconic turkey leg. This is a great spot to get this if that's something you love. And they even have a specialty drink, the seaside serenade, which is pina colada slushie topped with kurasau syrup and blue boba pearls. That's a non-alcoholic drink of course. And there's that pickle in the pouch. You got grapes, frozen Coca-Cola slushie, frozen Fanta blue raspberry slushie as well. There is literally no one in queue right now to go to this place and there's a lot of people around. So, if you're looking for something in Fantasy Land, this is a great location. It's not the only location I would recommend. There's another great secret spot that's well, I'm looking at it right now. Inside Big Top Souvenirs, there is Big Top Treats. This is a great location to get slushies. You can get your treat case treats here. You can get the caramel apple, the cupcakes. It's all here for you. And there's no line like at the confectionary. They're making the popcorn right now for the Worther's caramel popcorn. It smells amazing. In the event that there does develop or they do form a line on the other side, they have this whole other side that they can open that hasn't been opened for the longest time because for whatever reason, people just don't come in here. They either don't know about it or they'd rather go other places. But this is where you should go in 2026. Now, they don't do fountain soda, but they sell bottled soda here. And you can get your Smart Water and your Dani. You can also get your Coke Zero, your regular Coke, Diet Coke. You've got two flavors of Power Aid and your Sprite. And I just checked with cast members to make sure this is still true, and it is. Everything in this store, because it is considered a retail location, is eligible for a discount. That means everything in the tree cases, that means the slushes, the prepackaged candies, the prepackaged cotton candy, which is candy. Everything in this store is eligible for either your annual pass discount, your DBC discount, your Disney Visa. You have a discount with Disney parks, you can use it here. And don't forget about the fact that you can mobile order from the Main Street Confectionary. This is a great tip because even though it does get very busy inside there, if you are at this end of Main Street and you need a refreshment, you can place that mobile order and walk right in, pick it up. It's a lot simpler than having to wait in line to order and then wait in line to pay. If you feel like trying something that's outside of the normal treat case offerings or the bottled sodas, Energy Bites, right next to Tron has a selection of some really interesting treats. Chocolate cake doughnut holes, watermelon, cucumber, and pineapple cup. That's really good. I reviewed that. Watermelon slushie was really good with yuzu, citrus, ginger, and popping candies. And then the blue coconut slushie was really delicious, featuring flavors of coconut, lemon, and lime. They also have a cucumber lime soda, which I love. And then they have the Monstery Energy drinks here. They have uh sodas and bottled water and Joffrey's cold brew coffee. And this is definitely a walk up. It is rare to ever see a line form at Energy Bites. I don't know why. I think people just don't know what it is exactly or they look at the menu and think that's not for me, which I understand, but maybe it's for you. Seven. Sneaky Lightning Lane. Lightning Lane Multipass didn't change in 2026. Magic Kingdom did. Big Thunder Mountain Railroad and Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin. Those are two major attractions that attract a lot of guests that are down until spring of 2026. That means the same number of guests are all fighting for the same rides now with multipass. That means our true and tried all ears loophole using the Lightning Lane Multipass system is more important than ever. If you have never heard of our loophole before, here is a quick refresher. After your 1-hour return window ends on Lightning Lane Multipass, the system lets you book another Lightning Lane, even if you haven't scanned in for that ride yet, while the original remains usable for another 2 hours. That gives you three total hours to return for your reservation, but it still allows you to make a new reservation after that initial hour expires. And I'm doing the quotes right now with my hands because it might look like in the app that it expires. It tells you that that first hour is when you have to return for that ride. What it's actually telling you in reality based on all of the testing we've been doing now for over a year is it lets you book another reservation while still allowing you to ride that first ride or have that first experience for an additional 2 hours. And you have to be careful with this when you're going to see a show. If you have a specific return time to see a specific show, a showing of Festival of the Lion King, if you miss that showtime, you're out of luck. So, don't try it on that. Keep it for rides. It really works in your favor because then you can start stacking rides. It gives you the ability to stack like you could back in the day with Genie Plus. And most people don't know this loophole even exists. It's not breaking the rules, it's going with the rules. And while people have said, "Oh, that's going to be taken away now that you're talking about it." We've been talking about it for over a year and it's standing strong. You can either choose to ignore it or you can use it to your advantage. I would recommend doing the latter, especially in the earlier part of 2026. If you made it to the end, go ahead and put this password in the comments below. And while you're down there, hit like and subscribe. And go ahead and turn on notifications so you'll be the first to know when myself or one of my friends comes out with a brand new video. Something we do all week. Why? Because we're serious about fun.
