---
video_id: 5lYHOodlmqM
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Disney for Dummies - Transportation 🚗🚌⛴️"
published: 2026-01-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5lYHOodlmqM
---
I admit I am a dummy. We're all dumb I admit I am a dummy. We're all dumb I admit I am a dummy. We're all dumb about something. I'm dumb about shipping about something. I'm dumb about shipping about something. I'm dumb about shipping stuff. You might be dumb about Disney stuff. You might be dumb about Disney stuff. You might be dumb about Disney World. So, when I'm a dummy about World. So, when I'm a dummy about World. So, when I'm a dummy about shipping stuff, I talk to the UPS lady. shipping stuff, I talk to the UPS lady. shipping stuff, I talk to the UPS lady. When you're dumb about Disney stuff, you When you're dumb about Disney stuff, you When you're dumb about Disney stuff, you come here for Disney World for Dummies come here for Disney World for Dummies come here for Disney World for Dummies with me. Today's lesson, transportation. with me. Today's lesson, transportation. with me. Today's lesson, transportation. If you've been to another theme park in If you've been to another theme park in If you've been to another theme park in Disney World, you might think that it's Disney World, you might think that it's Disney World, you might think that it's about the size of a regular theme park about the size of a regular theme park about the size of a regular theme park or, you know, four right next to each or, you know, four right next to each or, you know, four right next to each other. Wrong. It's huge. It's miles and other. Wrong. It's huge. It's miles and other. Wrong. It's huge. It's miles and miles apart. You can't walk between any miles apart. You can't walk between any miles apart. You can't walk between any of the places. There's a lot of free of the places. There's a lot of free of the places. There's a lot of free Disney World transportation, but it's Disney World transportation, but it's Disney World transportation, but it's it's a lot bigger than you think it is. it's a lot bigger than you think it is. it's a lot bigger than you think it is. It's 43 square miles. That's what my It's 43 square miles. That's what my It's 43 square miles. That's what my notes say. That's crazy. That's really notes say. That's crazy. That's really notes say. That's crazy. That's really big. There are around 20 resort hotels big. There are around 20 resort hotels big. There are around 20 resort hotels that you might be staying in. Every that you might be staying in. Every that you might be staying in. Every hotel does have transportations directly hotel does have transportations directly hotel does have transportations directly to the parks and Disney Springs. The to the parks and Disney Springs. The to the parks and Disney Springs. The hotels do not, in most cases, have hotels do not, in most cases, have hotels do not, in most cases, have transportation to each other. Buses go transportation to each other. Buses go transportation to each other. Buses go everywhere. They run on a fixed schedule everywhere. They run on a fixed schedule everywhere. They run on a fixed schedule from very, very early to very, very from very, very early to very, very from very, very early to very, very late. about every 20 minutes from late. about every 20 minutes from late. about every 20 minutes from resorts, from parks. You can get between resorts, from parks. You can get between resorts, from parks. You can get between parks, everything. You cannot get from parks, everything. You cannot get from parks, everything. You cannot get from Disney Springs to the parks. That's a Disney Springs to the parks. That's a Disney Springs to the parks. That's a caveat. You have to transfer through a caveat. You have to transfer through a caveat. You have to transfer through a resort or vice versa. Now, a lot of resort or vice versa. Now, a lot of resort or vice versa. Now, a lot of times you get lucky, walk up, get right times you get lucky, walk up, get right times you get lucky, walk up, get right on the bus you want to get on. Sometimes on the bus you want to get on. Sometimes on the bus you want to get on. Sometimes it's driving away as you walk up and it's driving away as you walk up and it's driving away as you walk up and then you stand there and stare into then you stand there and stare into then you stand there and stare into space for 20 minutes thinking, "What if space for 20 minutes thinking, "What if space for 20 minutes thinking, "What if I had walked just a little bit faster?" I had walked just a little bit faster?" I had walked just a little bit faster?" The Montreal connects Magic Kingdom and The Montreal connects Magic Kingdom and The Montreal connects Magic Kingdom and Epcot, and there are three hotels with Epcot, and there are three hotels with Epcot, and there are three hotels with access to it. Then there's the new access to it. Then there's the new access to it. Then there's the new method of transportation, which is the method of transportation, which is the method of transportation, which is the Disney World Skyliner. This is a gondola Disney World Skyliner. This is a gondola Disney World Skyliner. This is a gondola system. People love this, but also system. People love this, but also system. People love this, but also people who are scared of heights hate people who are scared of heights hate people who are scared of heights hate it. It connects Hollywood Studios to it. It connects Hollywood Studios to it. It connects Hollywood Studios to Epcot and to several hotels in between. Epcot and to several hotels in between. Epcot and to several hotels in between. And then there are boats that can get And then there are boats that can get And then there are boats that can get you where you need to go as well. The you where you need to go as well. The you where you need to go as well. The boats are mostly to get around the Magic boats are mostly to get around the Magic boats are mostly to get around the Magic Kingdom Resort area and Magic Kingdom, Kingdom Resort area and Magic Kingdom, Kingdom Resort area and Magic Kingdom, plus Epcot and Hollywood Studios and the plus Epcot and Hollywood Studios and the plus Epcot and Hollywood Studios and the Epcot Resort area. There are some boats Epcot Resort area. There are some boats Epcot Resort area. There are some boats also between Disney Springs and a few also between Disney Springs and a few also between Disney Springs and a few hotels. There's a lot of signage, and hotels. There's a lot of signage, and hotels. There's a lot of signage, and when in doubt, you can ask any cast when in doubt, you can ask any cast when in doubt, you can ask any cast member you see which boat, bus, member you see which boat, bus, member you see which boat, bus, skylliner, Montreal, whatever, you skylliner, Montreal, whatever, you skylliner, Montreal, whatever, you should be taking to get where you want should be taking to get where you want should be taking to get where you want to go. The only thing you have to to go. The only thing you have to to go. The only thing you have to remember, this is it, is that when you remember, this is it, is that when you remember, this is it, is that when you are getting from point A to point B in are getting from point A to point B in are getting from point A to point B in Disney World, allow an hour of time. Disney World, allow an hour of time. Disney World, allow an hour of time. Even if it looks like the drive is only Even if it looks like the drive is only Even if it looks like the drive is only eight minutes and you're taking the bus, eight minutes and you're taking the bus, eight minutes and you're taking the bus, even if you took the Skyliner yesterday even if you took the Skyliner yesterday even if you took the Skyliner yesterday and it only took 10 minutes, you never and it only took 10 minutes, you never and it only took 10 minutes, you never know what can go wrong. All these know what can go wrong. All these know what can go wrong. All these transportation options can get stuck. transportation options can get stuck. transportation options can get stuck. There can be delays. You just never There can be delays. You just never There can be delays. You just never know. So, just make sure you allow an know. So, just make sure you allow an know. So, just make sure you allow an hour. If you really want to be safe, hour. If you really want to be safe, hour. If you really want to be safe, Disney says an hour and a half. And this Disney says an hour and a half. And this Disney says an hour and a half. And this has been Disney World for Dummies. has been Disney World for Dummies. has been Disney World for Dummies. Now, someone will make a shipping Now, someone will make a shipping Now, someone will make a shipping packages for dummies and send it to me. packages for dummies and send it to me. packages for dummies and send it to me. That would be helpful.
