---
video_id: efCxi0T_87A
channel: AllEars.net
title: "We Played Hide and Seek in Disney World (Why Is EPCOT So Brutal?)"
published: 2026-02-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efCxi0T_87A
---
We're playing a giant game of hideand-seek all across Epcot and it's starting right now. 1 2 3 4 I can hear that you're right behind me. Five 6 7 8 Are you still there? 9 10 All right, I do not have a strategy. I have not thought about it. Number one, I do need to use the restroom cuz I will be doing that during the 12 minutes. I could have done it before, but whatever. I do have a change of clothes with me because when we left the house this morning, it was cold. So, I brought a change of clothes with pants in case it got cold. I didn't really bring them for this purpose, but maybe I do it anyways to change outfits, but I have on my big fluffy jacket and I still will need my big fluffy jacket because it's cold. So, I do still think that that's an easy thing to see, but I don't know. Okay, so our timer has started. My plan is I don't really have a plan. Um I'm going to get as far away as possible and I don't have a disguise, but I kind of do. So I'll show you that in a minute. The 12 minutes to high has started. So we're just going to go for it. I think I'm going to try to get to France to start. And I'm going to put on some pants out of my disguise. And I also have a bag. Um, a vividity body boost bag. So, I'm hoping Oh, and probably put my hair up. But I'm hoping that if I do that, it'll be a little harder to know where I am. It's not really a disguise, but it's the best I can do. Fun fact, I thought I was seeking, so I didn't bring a disguise. So, I'm I'm a little I'm a little discombobed. I thought I was seeking today, then I turned out I was a hider and now I have to hide. Uh, I didn't have a strategy. I didn't plan for this. I don't know. Welcome. If you guys haven't been around, we've got six different places we can hide. Six different lands here in Epcot that we kind of make our own. You might be thinking, "Ah, there's not six lands in Epcot." You're right. We split the World Showcase back into three. There's three up at the front and we make it work. We've got 20-minute rounds. Quincy is able to find us. She can do things like a call out where we have to show her a very zoomed in picture of where we're at. Um, and then we can also work on getting bonus points. We have to do things like go get a snack in a line. Uh, we can be characters outside. There's a lot of things that we can do as long as someone can always walk up on us. So, we cannot go ride a ride because at that point, Quincy couldn't find us. So, there's lots of ways to earn bonus points. If you're new here, I am not the best game player. a lot of fan games, uh, like hide-and-seek, cuz I feel like I'm being haunted for sport, which is not my personal preference. Of course, I don't know many people whose it is. I've got an idea. I'm actually going to run back to the car. It's okay. We've got 12 minutes to prep and hide, so it I'm not breaking any rules, but what is that? What is that? Huh? Okay. Um, but I've got a really, really big jacket. that I think I'll be able to uh wear. Um, and I'm parked pretty close. Uh, so I think I'll be okay. But I'm I'm going to go get I'm going to go get that big jacket. It's like kind of a disguise. I'm thinking I don't want to go crazy for bonus points. But I might I'm considering going to Meat Pigment. I'm considering getting a snack. So as soon as our 12 minutes is up, I might get a snack cuz I could. What I'm thinking I go get a snack from this outdoor cart in front of the land and I go inside and eat it at sunshine seasons. Stay there for around and then maybe move. That is my developing plan. Okay, honesty hour. I have no idea where I'm going. No idea what I want to do. Trying to just put some space between us because I have no idea what's going on. So, we're moving and grooving. We're getting that heart rate up, which is good for all of us. Also, we'll see. I chose to wear the loudest jacket possible today for whatever reason, which was weird and crazy. Found a little spot in the back of the China pavilion with the exit reflections of China. I don't know. If she walks in here, she'll see me immediately. But maybe we can get through the first round without being found. I don't know. These games stress me out. I don't even go for bonus points, which I probably should, but it just I don't know. I don't even have words. Like, you can tell I have no thought process, nothing. I'm just happy to be here with my friends. Mainly when I don't have to hide from them anymore. Okay, I changed. Um, I have my three teeth back. I am headed to Japan. I made a decision. I'm going to Japan stand. I'm going to go up high cuz I feel like they're not going to be looking. So, I'm going to go by Curric Grill, which is kind of a hidden spot. It's super serene. Not a lot of people are usually over there. So, that's why I like it. It's pretty quiet. So, I think that's my side right now. So, I got my big my big coat on. It also has a hood. So, I can probably do the hood if I wanted to, but that seems a little suspicious. So, I think the hat and glasses and the jacket hopefully be enough. Pop the collar a little bit. But all right, the game is a foot. Let's see if we can get some bonus points. Or maybe we'll just hide. I don't know. But this is as far as we got strategy wise cuz I thought I was seeking today. As far as it got, though. Okay, let the game begin. Okay, my main goal today is to find folks in the first round. Um, I've been getting much much much better at seeking. Uh, my friends, I feel more confident seeking than I do at hiding by far. So, I am hoping that we might be able to come across uh one of our friends fast because if I do, I get a bunch of bonus points if I find any of our friends quickly. I don't want to think too hard about this. First thing that popped into my head was World Nature. Uh specifically, um Journey into Moana. I will say it's a bit chilly. I know that Emma is probably inside because she has definitely been cold, but specifically I thought first the land pavilion, then Journey of Water, uh then the seas. So, I don't know. I think I'm going to go into the land pavilion because there's it's a large pavilion. There's a lot of little like tucked away tables and things like that. Um and you could get bonus points in there. All right, I got my little fruit cup from the cart right outside the lamp pavilion. I'm going to go inside to sit and eat this at Sunshine Seasons just for a few minutes. We'll see how it goes. But bonus points. Luckily, it's uh it's a little cold today, so the jacket doesn't give away anything too crazy that I'm currently but I'm here at Pin Traders and uh you know, look at pins just browsing. Just browsing and it's funny. I look like someone is definitely undercover with my with my thing in here. This is great. It's great. Woman's pants. Wow. This glass window also gives me a pretty solid view of people coming and going. So, I feel pretty okay about this. Okay, I'm going to move cuz I feel like this is too risky. Now, I don't think that there's any way Quitzy has made it over here already. So, I kind of want to get a bonus point, but I don't know what to get. All right, someone found me. Hi. And wants to tell me something. I do. Thank the Phoenicians. Yes. Awesome. Thank you so much. Going to go hide. All right, I have found my first location. I am sitting inside the Land Pavilion at Sunshine Seasons. Um, she wouldn't be able to see me first walking in, but as she walks over here, she could see me, but maybe she won't come over here. I don't know. Also, shout out to JP for getting me bonus points. And now I'm going to eat my fruit cup. So, right now, this is just a really good game. I'm happy with this. I'm happy here. I got fruit. I'm sitting down. I'm in the AC. It's not even that hot. It's actually a little chilly today. Um, but it's it's weird weather where sometimes I want to take my jacket off and then I need it. So, like the weather needs to decide. But this is a little fruit cup from the cart outside of the Land Pavilion and I like it's a healthy snack. Oh, immediately. So, I got a cup of fruit. Oh, I am pretty sure she is very nearby. Okay, I'm going to come here and I'm going to get a bottle of water. Okay, I've just got my bottle of water. I have to go take a picture of it circular group to get a bonus point. I'm thinking of where to take a picture of it. We're going to see. But yeah, it's fine. Okay. See if I can't find one of my friends in the land pavilion. It's a large pavilion. Vickiy's here. Lots of reasons to hide here. Um, lots of seating. A lot of tucked away seating. So, I just want to make sure that I'm covering my bases. Looking for them. So, go off to the sides. Um, okay. Who am I playing? So, I know that Sage's strategy is to walk around and get bonus points. Fried does seem to be doing that as well. I know that Emma is the find a spot to sit and stay there kind of person like me. And then Emil Rouch has never played before, but I have she's already spent bonus points for a snack. I have a feeling Emil is going to be a go around get bonus points person. Look how big this grape is. I really wish I had some chocolate milk. Happy birthday. I'll be here. We're halfway through the first round and I feel sick to my stomach. I just thought I'd check in because I know everybody's doing stuff and I am not. Um, but I'm here. I'm here. I'm watching. I'm scared. Should I do it now? Hey. Hi. Am I first? Yeah. No. Being found first means you're the secret the next game. I don't care that I'm found. I hate that I'm first. Okay. This is not a drill. Uh, I was in the middle of buying for a bonus point. Uh, as long as you buy something counts as a bonus point. As long as you're out out in the open in public counts. Uh, and Fry was found. Fry was bound. Fry's been found. Round one, which I don't think anyone's ever been found on round one. And they're I can tell by the tables in Sunshine Seasons. So hopefully they won't make it back to me in the next 7 minutes. Fingers crossed. Okay, so Fy is found. She's in the land. So Quitzy is very far away. Um I'm all the way in America. So there's not a big chance she's gonna make it this far that quickly. So I'm actually still in. I'm not worried right now. Listen, I said my goal for the whole game was to find somebody in round one and I did it. So I my seeking frankly I don't think there's a better seeker than me. I'm a horrific hider. I'm found immediately. But seeker, seeker, I'm good. Uh I'm the only seeker, I believe, who has ever found every player single-handedly for an entire game. Uh so let's keep that up. Uh cuz I think I could win if I do that. It's pretty hard to win as a seeker. Fry is now a seeker as well. Um so she has a lot of opportunity to try to find some books. Uh get those points, too. So, even though we're kind of on the same team cuz we want to find the hiders, we also are on different teams cuz I don't want her to get find them. I want to find them. I just hate that I have to seek first next. I'm annoyed. I should have had a better hiding spot and I'm aware of that. But at least I got two things of bonus points before I was found. So, we'll see. The game's not over. Very much not over yet because I can still go find the others and rack up more points. So everybody watch out. Round one is done. Fry found. Back world showcase was eliminated. Which I know to be honest Emma Rouch and I have been chatting and I know Emil Rouch was in Back World Showcase at one point. I know that she was still back there when it got eliminated. But feeling fear, feeling deepseated fear. I think I sat in gum. You guys sat in gum. I feel it on my jeans. Okay, so as you can tell, I'm on the move. It's because round one has just ended and local kiss back was eliminated and that's where I was. So I'm headed to as far away as I can get as possible. I'm going to try to find a good spot on Morin. I'm going to be blocked on the other way. And if I could see, I'm going to be wing. I think I'm gonna leave this area. I think maybe my disguise is going to do something for me, but I'm gonna leave this area because I'd like to get more bonus points. So, we'll see. No, not in here. Okay, I am in connections eery. Uh, just kind of meandering through. I think I'm going to go walk in connections. I'm not seeing anybody in here. Guardians is a good place to hide because uh there's lots of people over there all the time. Um so you can kind of hide in the crowd. So maybe I'm going to head this way. See if we can't find somebody. Not seeing any of my friends. Okay. I don't like this. I don't like this. Actually, there's um it's actually quite small and not a lot of places to escape. That is bad idea. Bad idea. Okay. Also, when we play hide-and-seek videos, I really hope you guys like this upshot of me that you consistently get cuz this is such a giveaway that this got to be more discreet. More discreet. All right. I moved on to check inside the exit of Mission Space Cargo day. Um because there's a merch shop in here and some interactive elements. The gigs of the ride. You don't have to ride to go into the advanced training lab and see the interactive elements. There's actually a play area. Great for getting kids energy out. Me, too. Don't mind me. I'm just a potential car buyer interested in this um GMC. Uh this interested in this Buick. Wow, this is quite interesting. Well, what does the trunk look like? Ah, perfect space for things uh and strollers and shovels and rope. Just kidding. I have arrived in China. The problem is that my phone is dying and I need to charge it. So, I am worried about that. I'm going to have to go get a fuel rod from the front of the world showcase um in a little bit. I was going to move on, but her line is cut off. So, I am headed in here, which is the Shanghai Resort Little Museum. You can find a lot of fun things in here like costumes that are worn in the park as well as um merchandise store and like different models for attractions. Like over here we have their fantasy land. This is um definitely a spot that I don't think a lot of people come into. So that's why I'm here. I feel like it's a little safer. Please someone I'd like to buy the Suburban. Where can I can anyone help me buy the Suburban? Nope. Okay. I was going to buy it, but since there's no one here to wheel and deal with me, I won't get my money. Not today, I guess. Not today. Sorry, Chevrolet. I tried. I don't think anyone would be in here, but there is the bench. It's way in the back. So, I'm going to go over there just to check it out. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. It This place has served its purpose. So, I saw Fry and I'm going to take a picture of her. I saw Fry and I'm going to take a picture of her. Okay, I did. I saw Fry and I took a picture of her and now I've got to move. But I but I sent it in the group chat. Okay, here we go. Oh, now that's good. Uh, Sage just sent a picture of Fry inside the test track exit, which means Fry's in there. But it also means that Sage was in there and will be fleeing quickly away for the test truck exit, not knowing that I am out here. So maybe he'll we'll get lucky and he'll flee my way. That was my next uh stop was looking for him in there. So just see if we see a tall man trying to walk in conspicuously. Sage was in here. Sage was just in here. You see the picture? Let's go. Let's go. I need to actually get a fuel log cuz my foot is dying. So, I have to move and go get that. So, I'm a little scared, but sometimes you need to be brave. I bet you he dipped toward the Odyssey. That's what I would do if I were him. Okay, so she knows where I was hiding. I think part of me is just going to stay over around connections for like a couple minutes and then I'm going to go back into that same location. I think that's the move. Let's just see what happens. I have no idea which way he would have gone. I'm just going to head towards World Showcase. I don't know where he went. I have no idea. I think he's going. I found her. Got to go get her. Gotcha. Dang it. Emma had to get a Oh, that killed me. I understand. I hadn't had a dead phone, we would have been dead. It's okay. But now you're going to find everybody else. I I was like such a good Well, I almost I was like, wait, is that her? She has different the bag. The bag threw me off. I wish you know, but then I saw your hair. Yeah, I need to do my hair, man. All right. All right. Good luck. Good luck. So, I'm seeking and I just found a friend. What did you say? Thanks, Venician. Yes, you did. Thank you so much. What's your Oh, Sage just sent a picture of me. So, he is nearby. If I were fleeing, I knew he was nearby. This is wild. So, if I were fleeing, I feel like it might be safer to flee towards Spaceship Earth. So, that is where I'm going to go. Even though I've been there already, to look for Sage. Oh, yes. I had to run out of there. I'm in uh Project Tomorrow, which is the exit of Spaceship Earth. And um I got a picture of Quincy was able to send it to the group. So, yay more bonus points. And now everybody know like that that they're like, "Oh, that boy is still in this world discovery." Now I'm in World Celebration. I'm going to go on Project Tomorrow because if he fled from Project Tomorrow and went into World's Connections Cafe, then he's probably or fled from Test Track and Winter Connections Cafe, he's probably continuing his path and going through indoor spaces. Round two is over. Emila Rou was found and she knows that I'm in China. So if I'm gonna be bold, this is the time to be bold. And every single time I'm bold, I lose. So I'm going to stay put unless they eliminate my land. And then if they eliminate my land, I have to be bold. In which case, I will lose. Okay. I'm really glad that I found Emma cuz I gives me more points. The We just got world nature eliminated. So, I think I'm going to explore the left left side of World Showcase. I have no idea if I'm going to find anybody. So, it's Mexico to Germany. And that's the end of round two. World Nature is eliminated, but I'm willing to take bets that I'm going to be found pretty shortly. I don't know what it is. It's just a gut instinct. It's I think it's only myself and Emma left. And uh one that must be pretty nerve-wracking for Emma. But also, I've just got a de feeling that Emma Rouch is just going to like just like lock on me like a missile. Right now, my mission is to find Sage. I need those parts. I have a hypothesis he's still somewhere at the front of the park, but that could be wrong. But I'm going to try and look that way. Okay, we're inside the nice pavilion. This one might be a little tricky because it is dark, but I could take a little lap. Hi. Hello. Okay, so Fman, I got to tell you, I'm I'm playing a game of hide-and-seek right now, and every time I meet a character or get a snack or something like that, I get bonus points. So, you're helping me get some bonus points. Yes. Yes. Oh, Sage just sent a picture with Pigman. Okay. See if we can find him. He can't go under world nature, so he's probably No. World Showcase, right? Got eliminated. Oh, interesting. Got to keep our eyes peeled. Huge update. We just caught a patri. So, if I can like I mean, I'm not that close. But if I can speed walk, hustle it up. There's a chance I can find Sage at some point. So, we're manifesting. Everybody watching. Please manifest for me. Thank you. There was literally no one waiting for Figment. And I was like, I can't pass up this bonus point. So, I took the picture. I zoomed in so they wouldn't see my outfit. I sent it to the team. But now I've got to move, which kind of messes up my plan. So, I don't know if the bonus points were worth it, but we're doing what we're doing. Think we're going to stay in little celebration, though. You know, I am going to go check inside Journey into Imagination because it would be kind of not a bad play to stay where you sent a picture because the immediate thought is, "Oh, they're clearing out of there." So, it takes time to get over there. We're really not still going to be there. But what if they were? I don't know. Probably not the brightest, but I'm going to go over there. You can't go into real nature. Only going to World Celebration. Maybe someone is in the back of the China pavilion. I do believe that Emma has just been sitting in one spot the entire time. That's usually how she plays these games, but I just I just don't know where that spot is. Emma Larouche, I love her, but I think she's going to betray me. I think she's going to come find me in China. She knows I'm here. She was once my confidant turned enemy, but I also respect her. I respect the grind and I respect the hustle. And if anyone has to find me, I do hope it's La Rouge cuz I love her and we're Emma Spear for life. So, I'm not going to move in case she wants to betray me. Everybody deserves their f their chance at a first friend betrayal. Um, which can feel daunting, but I want her to know it's just someone safe who will be able to move forward with her. And that can be me. T. Let's go look at the inside Shanghai Disney exhibit. I need to remember that. I'm finding so many good places to hide. I don't know if anybody's done this before, but I'm in World Traders, which is this actually like the front of World Showcase. 10 maybe still in World Celebration uh within our our game map and I have like three vantage points that I can see people like outside. So, I don't know why nobody's ever done this before, but this is a great spot to be in. I'm really glad I found Fry already because there was a girl in the photo booth wearing the same hook as the fries wearing today and that would have been embarrassing if I stood there and waited for a random girl to come out of the photo booth. This game's a little embarrassing for everyone, mostly the seekers, cuz you're like, especially the disguises. I'll be like looking at an old woman and I'll be like, "That woman looks suspiciously youthful." And it's like, she probably just has good skin. It's probably not one of your friends in a wig. But sometimes it is one of your friends in a wig. So, you know, it's just uh kind of tough. Going to go around the back of by the bathrooms. Another good place to hide around the Imagination Pavilion. Round three is ended. World Showcase Wright is eliminated, which means I'm still in play. Emma didn't betray me, which is very sweet and nice and kind of her. But um yeah, I am I'm just going to stay. I think I've made the choice. Sage has so many bonus points. And at this point, the longer I stay hidden, the more points I get. And I'm not going to do bonus points. And I I fear finding Sage because Sage is so good at this. So, I'm just going to stay right where I'm sitting. But I'm here. I'm not going to be on on, you know, cameras, but I'm not filming as much as people running around. Of course, I'm here. You know, I'm in the I'm here. I'm here. Don't forget in case you do. It's okay if you do. All right. All right, I'm currently stuck because boats are coming through for the fireworks show. Um, the lands in play, our world celebration, discovery, and world showcase left. So, I'm going to finish out the left. We're going to go all the way to Germany, then we'll make our way back. See how that goes. Okay, I've decided I'm going to wait. The bridge is going to go down. I'm going to let everybody go through in case Emma won't be saved. In case Emma's over there and she's walking over here. So, I'm going to take a second, let everybody go through, look at the crowd just in case she comes by. Maybe Sage is out around here. Nothing over here. They have this quiet little store back here. Someone sitting over here. She doesn't. She doesn't. She's trying to act like she didn't bow me cuz she's the sweetest soul alive. She's so hiding. She did find me cuz she doesn't want to betray. And you're not betraying. She honestly was trying to find Sage is the funniest part. I was finding Sage. I mean, I was manifesting. You guys heard me. I'm so proud of her for finding someone. I wanted you to be the one that found me. So, it's working out perfectly. Maybe Sage was here. She wasn't. But you know what? I love it. And honestly, who's walking in circles, guys? I was gonna say, who's walking? I also want to be the person who helps her find someone because there's nothing worse than just walking in circles, which is what I normally do. So, Emma found by Emma Square. I did not find her. She's still hiding them. Emma found Emma and she's in China. Okay, so I was right. I was close. Uh, everybody's a secret now except for stage. only world celebration and world showcase left are in play. We have called for a super zoom from Sage for him to have to reveal a little bit of where he is. We can do this uh anytime after round three. Rough. Okay, now we have to do super zoom. So, I essentially have to send a picture, a pretty good picture that's a little revealing but not too revealing to give our seekers a hint. Sage just sent a super zoom pic and it looks like a Norway shirt. Okay. So, everyone keep your eyes peeled. Okay. Just got super zoom. I think I know exactly where he is. I think he's in Sina. I'm going to check in the creation shop. I think this is so fun that they have the Lana cards out. I've never played Lorana, but I do play really like complicated boarding card games. So, maybe I would like it. I don't know who plays Lorana. In the comments, tell me if I should play it. I feel that soup zoom. I feel it's a t-shirt. Um, and he's trying to throw us off and that it is in fact something that he's seen in a store in the front of the park. That's my current theory. He had to send a super zoom. It looked like it could be in China. It also could be in one of those places in World Celebration that's like, you know, just about the world. It's all about the whole world. So, it could have been anywhere. Um, I will say he mainly he's been in World Celebration the whole time. So, if he was smart, we know he's been up there. He's been pretty vocal about it. We've seen all his stuff. We've seen his videos, his pictures, you know, where he's been located. So, if he was smart, he would have moved over here. Um, trying his best to get away from where he knows that we know he was. That being said, who knows if he actually did it. He's smart either way and clearly very sneaky. Apparently, it's just me left. Emma got found like 10 minutes ago. What? How did I even miss that? So, they're all after me. They're after me. They're after you and the movie. Okay. Uh, now I really Okay. I movie was probably not the best call. I'm panicking. Panicking. Did not know. Did not know it was just me. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Back at Image Works. Okay, it's the final round. Oh, World Showcase left is out. I am going to hang on here cuz if he has to move between World Showcase and World Discovery or if he has to move between World Showcase and World Celebration, he'll have to come this way because if he goes that way, that's towards World Discovery. Also, I can see those paths. I guess he could go that way. So, I'm going to stand over there. Oh my gosh. Final round. Final round. Final round. Final round. Uh, the only land to play is World Celebration, which means I don't have to move. Got a pretty good vantage point of people coming in. And uh I can hopefully sneak out if I need to, but I'm all I have to do is last this last 20 minutes. That's it. That's it. I have yet to make it all the way through. Yet to make it all the way through to the end. I I've I've been last to be founder for, but yet to make it all the way through to the end. Well, it's okay. not supposed to live in here because this round has ended. So if Sage was here, the only place left is World Celebration. But he has to be at this point moving into World Celebration if he's not already there. And he cannot go the long way. He has to take the quickest route. Any luck? I'm assuming no. I have no idea where he's at. I have no idea. Maybe we can catch him on the move. He is suspiciously tall, which typically helps us out, but I'm not seeing any suspiciously tall people. There's also a world he's just like trailing us. This game makes you suspicious of your friends and family. I don't like that. Anybody see a tall actor? I don't keep your eyes peeled. You're a tall actor. Okay. Baseball cap. Maybe making a silly joke. Tall actor on the loose should be considered dangerous. Dude, I have to do another zoom. Super zoom. Super zoom. That gonna be Emma's going to go left. I'm going right into creation shop. He's in a super zoom just now. That's big. Emma, go. Emma, go to Figment. Figment. Okay. Okay, I'm pretty sure the picture he just sent was inside Figment, which means he's probably leaving as I'm walking over there. I bet you he's he's back. His imagination pavilion. I'm going to check in project tomorrow, but that I bet is an imagination pavilion. And that is so far from where I am. I have to move. I have to move. I only got 5 minutes, please. Oh, me. I want to make it so bad. Dang it. I got you. All right, we've tallied the points. Did I win? Emma won. In last place, Fry with 57 points. Oh my gosh, next up, Emma in with 85. I wasn't so close. In third place, Emma Larouche with 95 points. Nice. Woo! Good first time out. First time. Uh, and of course, one of us will be first, one of us will be second place in first place with 153 points. Sage, I got 120. But that's the game, friends of hide and seek. Hey, if you're still here, like this video and don't forget to drop this secret phrase in the comments so that way we know you made it this far. Also subscribe for more tips, tricks, videos, great coats like this and more videos from Disney World and beyond because we drop like this. I wish you camera. Why? Cuz we're serious about fun. Bye. Bye.
