---
video_id: emL-RtZyrcs
channel: AllEars.net
title: "RANKING EVERY DISNEY CRUISE SHIP I’VE BEEN ON 🚢🏝️🐭"
published: 2026-01-22
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emL-RtZyrcs
---
I've been on five of Disney's cruise ships and I'm going to rank Disney's cruise ships from worst to best. Starting with the Disney Magic. This one is going to be the absolute best for a classic Disney sailing experience. This was the first ship. It really set the standard and they've actually done a lot to it over the years to kind of keep it up todate and relevant. It's been very well-maintained. It also doesn't take away from the fact that it is the oldest ship in the fleet. And it also kind of falls into that cozy category, which I really love, but if you get easily seasick, it might impact you. Next up, this might be controversial, but the Disney Destiny is going to be next on my list. This is Disney's newest cruise ship, and it is amazing for kiddos. The entertainment was probably my favorite thing, but overall, I just wasn't a huge fan of the theming. I felt like it was really, really cool. If you're super into Marvel and Heroes, it's not my favorite thing. It's going to stay at the bottom. Slightly above the Destiny, I'm going to go for The Wish. The Wish has some of the best food. I think it is so gorgeous. But the Disney Wish is so expensive and so pricey because it is still newer and it's going to kind of match the expensive vibe as far as what you're experiencing. But it's just not going to be my first choice. That's really all I have to say. I'm sorry to the Wish. Now, the Disney Treasure is going to go right above the Disney Wish. This kind of has the same caveats. I'm not a big fan of the price, but I do absolutely love this one. As a theme park fan, this is going to be the best ship for theme park fans. This is where you're going to find the Haunted Mansion parlor, which was a huge standout. I also think this ship is so special because it celebrates Walt Disney's lifelong love adventure. So, I think that that's why this theming calls to me the most out of the three from the Wish class of ships. My number two is actually going to go to the Disney Fantasy. This one is going to be the best for adults. For a lot of Disney fans, this is their number one ship. The fantasy really is set apart just because of the way it's built. It kind of nails every single category. Entertainment, atmosphere, vibe, food, like all of it. My number one without question is the Disney Dream. The Disney Dream was the first ever Disney cruise ship I went on. So, I just have a massive passion and love for it. It is perfect in my eyes. It is the absolute best for entertainment. It has so many of those incredible Broadway style performances, but this one in particular, The Golden Mickey's, which I know plays on multiple ships. I've been changed by it. Disney's Believe, that's another one, it'll make you cry. This ship also has what I think is one of my favorite aspects, the midship detective agency. This is a Muppets game that makes the ship more interactive. And there are other games on other cruise ships, but they're not Muppets. I think the dream is just absolute chef's kiss and everything you can want. We are constantly in the Disney parks. We're on the Disney cruise line. We're traveling around the world, so we have the most up-to-date information. So if you want more, be sure to keep following all yourset for
