---
video_id: rCTuDzuyfUI
channel: AllEars.net
title: "How to Plan Your Disney World Trip in 2026"
published: 2026-01-01
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCTuDzuyfUI
---
Being on vacation in Disney World, Being on vacation in Disney World, Being on vacation in Disney World, magical, fun, heartwarming. Planning a magical, fun, heartwarming. Planning a magical, fun, heartwarming. Planning a vacation in Disney World, not so vacation in Disney World, not so vacation in Disney World, not so magical. Stressful, complicated, magical. Stressful, complicated, magical. Stressful, complicated, expensive. But what if I told you it expensive. But what if I told you it expensive. But what if I told you it doesn't have to be that way. It's still doesn't have to be that way. It's still doesn't have to be that way. It's still going to be expensive, but I can help going to be expensive, but I can help going to be expensive, but I can help with the other things. When it comes to with the other things. When it comes to with the other things. When it comes to planning for Disney World, you have to planning for Disney World, you have to planning for Disney World, you have to think about a lot. Tickets, dining think about a lot. Tickets, dining think about a lot. Tickets, dining reservations, hotel reservations, reservations, hotel reservations, reservations, hotel reservations, lightning lanes, and more. I go to lightning lanes, and more. I go to lightning lanes, and more. I go to Disney World all the time for my job, Disney World all the time for my job, Disney World all the time for my job, and even I still get super overwhelmed and even I still get super overwhelmed and even I still get super overwhelmed when planning a Disney trip. So, we're when planning a Disney trip. So, we're when planning a Disney trip. So, we're going to walk through the process of going to walk through the process of going to walk through the process of everything you need to know to make it everything you need to know to make it everything you need to know to make it easy peasy easy peasy easy peasy like butter. Like Dumbo flying when he like butter. Like Dumbo flying when he like butter. Like Dumbo flying when he has the feather in his hand. You're has the feather in his hand. You're has the feather in his hand. You're Dumbo. I'm going to give you a feather. Dumbo. I'm going to give you a feather. Dumbo. I'm going to give you a feather. It can be a little difficult to know how It can be a little difficult to know how It can be a little difficult to know how to start the planning process. But the to start the planning process. But the to start the planning process. But the good news is, even though Disney World good news is, even though Disney World good news is, even though Disney World is constantly changing, the planning is constantly changing, the planning is constantly changing, the planning process has stayed relatively the same process has stayed relatively the same process has stayed relatively the same for the last few years. The first thing for the last few years. The first thing for the last few years. The first thing to do is to choose how much you're to do is to choose how much you're to do is to choose how much you're willing to spend for your trip. Get that willing to spend for your trip. Get that willing to spend for your trip. Get that budget in mind, baby. Do this before you budget in mind, baby. Do this before you budget in mind, baby. Do this before you do anything else because Disney Worlds do anything else because Disney Worlds do anything else because Disney Worlds can be very expensive. [music] Things can be very expensive. [music] Things can be very expensive. [music] Things can add up quickly. So having a target can add up quickly. So having a target can add up quickly. So having a target number that's your cap, it's a good number that's your cap, it's a good number that's your cap, it's a good idea. And it's a good idea to know a idea. And it's a good idea to know a idea. And it's a good idea to know a little bit of vocab so that Disney little bit of vocab so that Disney little bit of vocab so that Disney language doesn't start to sound like an language doesn't start to sound like an language doesn't start to sound like an entirely different language. The need to entirely different language. The need to entirely different language. The need to know vocab. Cast member is a Disney know vocab. Cast member is a Disney know vocab. Cast member is a Disney employee. employee. employee. My Disney Experience is the Disney World My Disney Experience is the Disney World My Disney Experience is the Disney World app that you can download for free to app that you can download for free to app that you can download for free to help manage your plans, make help manage your plans, make help manage your plans, make reservations, and make changes in the reservations, and make changes in the reservations, and make changes in the park, even mobile order. Very necessary. park, even mobile order. Very necessary. park, even mobile order. Very necessary. Lightning Lane Multipass is Disney's Lightning Lane Multipass is Disney's Lightning Lane Multipass is Disney's paid skip the line service that lets you paid skip the line service that lets you paid skip the line service that lets you access Lightning Lanes that skip the access Lightning Lanes that skip the access Lightning Lanes that skip the standby line. Lightning Lane single pass standby line. Lightning Lane single pass standby line. Lightning Lane single pass is a different version of the system is a different version of the system is a different version of the system that lets you access some of the most that lets you access some of the most that lets you access some of the most popular rides in Disney World that popular rides in Disney World that popular rides in Disney World that aren't included in multipass. Lightning aren't included in multipass. Lightning aren't included in multipass. Lightning Lane Premier Pass is yet another version Lane Premier Pass is yet another version Lane Premier Pass is yet another version of this system that is extremely of this system that is extremely of this system that is extremely expensive, but lets you access Lightning expensive, but lets you access Lightning expensive, but lets you access Lightning Lanes without dealing with the timed Lanes without dealing with the timed Lanes without dealing with the timed reservation system you have to use with reservation system you have to use with reservation system you have to use with the other two. VQEs or virtual cues. the other two. VQEs or virtual cues. the other two. VQEs or virtual cues. Currently, Disney doesn't have any Currently, Disney doesn't have any Currently, Disney doesn't have any virtual cues, but when they are in virtual cues, but when they are in virtual cues, but when they are in action, they are a special line that you action, they are a special line that you action, they are a special line that you have to join using the My Disney have to join using the My Disney have to join using the My Disney Experience app to be able to return to Experience app to be able to return to Experience app to be able to return to an attraction with a return time. Then, an attraction with a return time. Then, an attraction with a return time. Then, once you return, you can get in the once you return, you can get in the once you return, you can get in the physical line. Now, my guess is we won't physical line. Now, my guess is we won't physical line. Now, my guess is we won't be seeing a lot of this in 2026, but in be seeing a lot of this in 2026, but in be seeing a lot of this in 2026, but in it's important to know what they are. it's important to know what they are. it's important to know what they are. ADRs means advanced dining reservations ADRs means advanced dining reservations ADRs means advanced dining reservations or reservations for dining that you make or reservations for dining that you make or reservations for dining that you make in advance. Pretty easy. Kind of like in advance. Pretty easy. Kind of like in advance. Pretty easy. Kind of like when you go on Open Table. Quick service when you go on Open Table. Quick service when you go on Open Table. Quick service is a walk up food counter, so like a is a walk up food counter, so like a is a walk up food counter, so like a counter service restaurant. Cable counter service restaurant. Cable counter service restaurant. Cable service is sitdown dining that service is sitdown dining that service is sitdown dining that oftentimes needs a reservation. [music] oftentimes needs a reservation. [music] oftentimes needs a reservation. [music] And Magic Band is a special bracelet And Magic Band is a special bracelet And Magic Band is a special bracelet that helps you access different that helps you access different that helps you access different experiences around Disney World, both experiences around Disney World, both experiences around Disney World, both interactive, fun ones and practical ones interactive, fun ones and practical ones interactive, fun ones and practical ones like scanning your ticket or getting like scanning your ticket or getting like scanning your ticket or getting into your hotel room. These are not a into your hotel room. These are not a into your hotel room. These are not a mandatory purchase, and most of the mandatory purchase, and most of the mandatory purchase, and most of the times that I go to Disney World, I don't times that I go to Disney World, I don't times that I go to Disney World, I don't wear one. But if you want one, they are wear one. But if you want one, they are wear one. But if you want one, they are helpful to have. All right, remember we helpful to have. All right, remember we helpful to have. All right, remember we talked about budgeting. Let's get into talked about budgeting. Let's get into talked about budgeting. Let's get into the nitty-gritty. Budgeting can be very the nitty-gritty. Budgeting can be very the nitty-gritty. Budgeting can be very difficult once you've hit the ground in difficult once you've hit the ground in difficult once you've hit the ground in Disney World and you've just got a Disney World and you've just got a Disney World and you've just got a plastic card in your hand and everything plastic card in your hand and everything plastic card in your hand and everything seems fun. So, the best idea is to start seems fun. So, the best idea is to start seems fun. So, the best idea is to start planning before you ever get to Florida. planning before you ever get to Florida. planning before you ever get to Florida. And this means you can pre-plan the And this means you can pre-plan the And this means you can pre-plan the spending of your trip and not have any spending of your trip and not have any spending of your trip and not have any nasty surprises or feel like you're nasty surprises or feel like you're nasty surprises or feel like you're overly limited once you're there. Now, overly limited once you're there. Now, overly limited once you're there. Now, unfortunately, I can't choose your unfortunately, I can't choose your unfortunately, I can't choose your budget for you, but I can give you some budget for you, but I can give you some budget for you, but I can give you some tips that will help you set it. One tip, tips that will help you set it. One tip, tips that will help you set it. One tip, do some park days and some pool days. do some park days and some pool days. do some park days and some pool days. Having some breaks from the park means Having some breaks from the park means Having some breaks from the park means you're not spending on that park ticket you're not spending on that park ticket you're not spending on that park ticket and it will help with your energy and it will help with your energy and it will help with your energy levels. Park days are very tiring. levels. Park days are very tiring. levels. Park days are very tiring. [music] [music] [music] Full days help with that. If you've got Full days help with that. If you've got Full days help with that. If you've got a lot of days, skip adding Park Hopper. a lot of days, skip adding Park Hopper. a lot of days, skip adding Park Hopper. Park Hopper is in addition to a ticket Park Hopper is in addition to a ticket Park Hopper is in addition to a ticket that will let you hop between different that will let you hop between different that will let you hop between different parks in one day. If you have enough parks in one day. If you have enough parks in one day. If you have enough days in Disney World that you'll be days in Disney World that you'll be days in Disney World that you'll be hitting every single park, you don't hitting every single park, you don't hitting every single park, you don't necessarily need to pay for the add-on. necessarily need to pay for the add-on. necessarily need to pay for the add-on. Buy Disney gift cards slowly before your Buy Disney gift cards slowly before your Buy Disney gift cards slowly before your trip. Disney gift cards are a great way trip. Disney gift cards are a great way trip. Disney gift cards are a great way to monitor your budget and basically to monitor your budget and basically to monitor your budget and basically prepay for your trip over time. Plus, prepay for your trip over time. Plus, prepay for your trip over time. Plus, some stores like Sam's Club will even some stores like Sam's Club will even some stores like Sam's Club will even sell Disney gift cards at a discount, so sell Disney gift cards at a discount, so sell Disney gift cards at a discount, so you'll spend less money than the gift you'll spend less money than the gift you'll spend less money than the gift card will be worth. This is true at card will be worth. This is true at card will be worth. This is true at places like Sam's Club, Costco, and places like Sam's Club, Costco, and places like Sam's Club, Costco, and Target. Consider skipping the dining Target. Consider skipping the dining Target. Consider skipping the dining plan. The Disney dining plan is a plan plan. The Disney dining plan is a plan plan. The Disney dining plan is a plan where you can prepay for all of your where you can prepay for all of your where you can prepay for all of your dining and use credits to eat in the dining and use credits to eat in the dining and use credits to eat in the parks. It is difficult to make it worth parks. It is difficult to make it worth parks. It is difficult to make it worth the money. If you want to learn more, we the money. If you want to learn more, we the money. If you want to learn more, we do have a dining plan video on the do have a dining plan video on the do have a dining plan video on the channel right now from last year, and channel right now from last year, and channel right now from last year, and we'll have one coming soon for 2026. we'll have one coming soon for 2026. we'll have one coming soon for 2026. Speaking of eating, you can bring your Speaking of eating, you can bring your Speaking of eating, you can bring your own food and groceries. If you're own food and groceries. If you're own food and groceries. If you're driving, you can bring a grocery trip. driving, you can bring a grocery trip. driving, you can bring a grocery trip. And if you're staying in Disney World, And if you're staying in Disney World, And if you're staying in Disney World, you can always order groceries to your you can always order groceries to your you can always order groceries to your hotel. This is especially helpful for hotel. This is especially helpful for hotel. This is especially helpful for things like breakfast or late night things like breakfast or late night things like breakfast or late night meals when you're getting back from the meals when you're getting back from the meals when you're getting back from the [music] parks. Use rope drop strategies [music] parks. Use rope drop strategies [music] parks. Use rope drop strategies so that you can skip Lightning Lane. so that you can skip Lightning Lane. so that you can skip Lightning Lane. With solid strategy, you really don't With solid strategy, you really don't With solid strategy, you really don't need to pay to skip the lines in Disney need to pay to skip the lines in Disney need to pay to skip the lines in Disney World. You'll be able to get through World. You'll be able to get through World. You'll be able to get through everything you want to do, even on the everything you want to do, even on the everything you want to do, even on the most crowded times of year. Luckily, we most crowded times of year. Luckily, we most crowded times of year. Luckily, we here at All Ears are here to help with here at All Ears are here to help with here at All Ears are here to help with that. Coming soon to the channel is a that. Coming soon to the channel is a that. Coming soon to the channel is a challenge where we do everything in all challenge where we do everything in all challenge where we do everything in all the parks without using Lightning Lane the parks without using Lightning Lane the parks without using Lightning Lane at all to show you exactly the kind of at all to show you exactly the kind of at all to show you exactly the kind of strategies we're talking about. But any strategies we're talking about. But any strategies we're talking about. But any video where we have the best day ever or video where we have the best day ever or video where we have the best day ever or just navigate a park will show you some just navigate a park will show you some just navigate a park will show you some of the best strategies with and without of the best strategies with and without of the best strategies with and without Lightning Lane. A big one if you've got Lightning Lane. A big one if you've got Lightning Lane. A big one if you've got kiddos is buy your souvenirs ahead of kiddos is buy your souvenirs ahead of kiddos is buy your souvenirs ahead of time. Kids especially are prone to time. Kids especially are prone to time. Kids especially are prone to wanting some plush on the shelf. If you wanting some plush on the shelf. If you wanting some plush on the shelf. If you have something prepped that's a lot have something prepped that's a lot have something prepped that's a lot cheaper than the plush in the Disney cheaper than the plush in the Disney cheaper than the plush in the Disney store, then everyone's a little happier. store, then everyone's a little happier. store, then everyone's a little happier. When your kid gets a plush that's maybe When your kid gets a plush that's maybe When your kid gets a plush that's maybe not exactly the one they want, but it's not exactly the one they want, but it's not exactly the one they want, but it's still pretty good and you spent like 10 still pretty good and you spent like 10 still pretty good and you spent like 10 true for things like ears. If you want true for things like ears. If you want true for things like ears. If you want to wear yours in the park, you can often to wear yours in the park, you can often to wear yours in the park, you can often find them for cheaper online in advance. find them for cheaper online in advance. find them for cheaper online in advance. Check out free activities around Disney Check out free activities around Disney Check out free activities around Disney World. We have a video on the channel World. We have a video on the channel World. We have a video on the channel right now about a lot of the free stuff right now about a lot of the free stuff right now about a lot of the free stuff that you can find in Disney World. Yes, that you can find in Disney World. Yes, that you can find in Disney World. Yes, it's expensive, but Disney still has a it's expensive, but Disney still has a it's expensive, but Disney still has a lot of freebies if you know where to lot of freebies if you know where to lot of freebies if you know where to look. And consider staying off property. look. And consider staying off property. look. And consider staying off property. Of course, there are pros and cons to Of course, there are pros and cons to Of course, there are pros and cons to everything, and Uber costs can be everything, and Uber costs can be everything, and Uber costs can be expensive, but if you're driving and you expensive, but if you're driving and you expensive, but if you're driving and you factor in parking, you might be able to factor in parking, you might be able to factor in parking, you might be able to find a cheaper rate by staying at a find a cheaper rate by staying at a find a cheaper rate by staying at a hotel that's off property. Some hotels hotel that's off property. Some hotels hotel that's off property. Some hotels in the area even offer transportation to in the area even offer transportation to in the area even offer transportation to and from the Disney parks. Just make and from the Disney parks. Just make and from the Disney parks. Just make sure always factoring in resort fees. sure always factoring in resort fees. sure always factoring in resort fees. Disney hotels don't have them, and a lot Disney hotels don't have them, and a lot Disney hotels don't have them, and a lot of the hotels nearby do, so that much, of the hotels nearby do, so that much, of the hotels nearby do, so that much, much cheaper rate might not be as cheap much cheaper rate might not be as cheap much cheaper rate might not be as cheap as it looks. Once you set your budget, as it looks. Once you set your budget, as it looks. Once you set your budget, that's when the real planning comes in. that's when the real planning comes in. that's when the real planning comes in. We've got to pick our dates. Now, Disney We've got to pick our dates. Now, Disney We've got to pick our dates. Now, Disney used to have slow times, and that used to have slow times, and that used to have slow times, and that unfortunately is more or less a thing of unfortunately is more or less a thing of unfortunately is more or less a thing of the past. The slowest time of year is the past. The slowest time of year is the past. The slowest time of year is probably September. And then you can probably September. And then you can probably September. And then you can find some slow days on days that the find some slow days on days that the find some slow days on days that the parks close early because people don't parks close early because people don't parks close early because people don't want to go when the parks close early, want to go when the parks close early, want to go when the parks close early, but you might not want to go when the but you might not want to go when the but you might not want to go when the parks close early. Some other slowish parks close early. Some other slowish parks close early. Some other slowish times include January 2nd until just times include January 2nd until just times include January 2nd until just before President's Day, which is the before President's Day, which is the before President's Day, which is the third Monday in February, the week third Monday in February, the week third Monday in February, the week following Thanksgiving weekend until the following Thanksgiving weekend until the following Thanksgiving weekend until the week before Christmas. And Thanksgiving week before Christmas. And Thanksgiving week before Christmas. And Thanksgiving itself has been a little slower in the itself has been a little slower in the itself has been a little slower in the past few years. from the end of August past few years. from the end of August past few years. from the end of August until October tends to slow down thanks until October tends to slow down thanks until October tends to slow down thanks to school starting back. And you don't to school starting back. And you don't to school starting back. And you don't have to go at a slow time to have a good have to go at a slow time to have a good have to go at a slow time to have a good time, especially because none of these time, especially because none of these time, especially because none of these dates that I've said are guaranteed. In dates that I've said are guaranteed. In dates that I've said are guaranteed. In the past, historically, they've been a the past, historically, they've been a the past, historically, they've been a little slower, but sometimes there are little slower, but sometimes there are little slower, but sometimes there are still surges of crowds at these times. still surges of crowds at these times. still surges of crowds at these times. There's also more crowded times of year There's also more crowded times of year There's also more crowded times of year like summertime, holidays, holiday like summertime, holidays, holiday like summertime, holidays, holiday weekends, things like that. But if weekends, things like that. But if weekends, things like that. But if you're looking at crowds, no worries. you're looking at crowds, no worries. you're looking at crowds, no worries. Just know what to expect. And make sure Just know what to expect. And make sure Just know what to expect. And make sure you're keeping an eye on limited time you're keeping an eye on limited time you're keeping an eye on limited time events that you might want to do or events that you might want to do or events that you might want to do or might want to avoid, like Epcot might want to avoid, like Epcot might want to avoid, like Epcot festivals, holiday parties, and more. festivals, holiday parties, and more. festivals, holiday parties, and more. I've always loved going at the end of I've always loved going at the end of I've always loved going at the end of January and early February, and I love January and early February, and I love January and early February, and I love the parks in September as well. The the parks in September as well. The the parks in September as well. The weather isn't too bad, except for if you weather isn't too bad, except for if you weather isn't too bad, except for if you get caught with a hurricane in get caught with a hurricane in get caught with a hurricane in September, but and the crowds are September, but and the crowds are September, but and the crowds are typically pretty low. Now, we've got typically pretty low. Now, we've got typically pretty low. Now, we've got budget and time frame in mind. Let's budget and time frame in mind. Let's budget and time frame in mind. Let's pick where we're staying. There are a pick where we're staying. There are a pick where we're staying. There are a shocking number of hotels to choose from shocking number of hotels to choose from shocking number of hotels to choose from in Disney World. Shocking. And your in Disney World. Shocking. And your in Disney World. Shocking. And your budget will definitely play a big role budget will definitely play a big role budget will definitely play a big role in this one cuz every night that nightly in this one cuz every night that nightly in this one cuz every night that nightly rate happens. So if you're going for rate happens. So if you're going for rate happens. So if you're going for many nights, every night you can pick many nights, every night you can pick many nights, every night you can pick between three hotel categories. Value between three hotel categories. Value between three hotel categories. Value resorts the cheapest, moderate resorts resorts the cheapest, moderate resorts resorts the cheapest, moderate resorts in the middle, and deluxe resorts the in the middle, and deluxe resorts the in the middle, and deluxe resorts the most expensive with the most amenities. most expensive with the most amenities. most expensive with the most amenities. Now, your budget is going to be your Now, your budget is going to be your Now, your budget is going to be your first informer here of which of these first informer here of which of these first informer here of which of these categories you want to look into or categories you want to look into or categories you want to look into or whether you want to stay off site. But whether you want to stay off site. But whether you want to stay off site. But there are some other factors to consider there are some other factors to consider there are some other factors to consider as well. When choosing a resort, you as well. When choosing a resort, you as well. When choosing a resort, you need to consider things like pools, how need to consider things like pools, how need to consider things like pools, how large the resort is, what kind of Disney large the resort is, what kind of Disney large the resort is, what kind of Disney transportation there is, and how long it transportation there is, and how long it transportation there is, and how long it takes to get to the parks and what the takes to get to the parks and what the takes to get to the parks and what the rooms are like. So, depending on what rooms are like. So, depending on what rooms are like. So, depending on what you personally value, and what you need you personally value, and what you need you personally value, and what you need out of a room, and your budget, that's out of a room, and your budget, that's out of a room, and your budget, that's going to dictate what room you pick. If going to dictate what room you pick. If going to dictate what room you pick. If you do decide to stay at a not official you do decide to stay at a not official you do decide to stay at a not official Disney hotel, you might consider a good Disney hotel, you might consider a good Disney hotel, you might consider a good neighbor hotel. These are mostly located neighbor hotel. These are mostly located neighbor hotel. These are mostly located in the Disney Springs area and offer a in the Disney Springs area and offer a in the Disney Springs area and offer a selection of Disney perks. Those are a selection of Disney perks. Those are a selection of Disney perks. Those are a great option if you're balling on a great option if you're balling on a great option if you're balling on a budget. Personally, I do stay there budget. Personally, I do stay there budget. Personally, I do stay there sometimes. If you're torn or having sometimes. If you're torn or having sometimes. If you're torn or having trouble deciding where to stay, I have trouble deciding where to stay, I have trouble deciding where to stay, I have stayed at literally every single Disney stayed at literally every single Disney stayed at literally every single Disney World hotel, and you can see tours of World hotel, and you can see tours of World hotel, and you can see tours of every single one on the channel right every single one on the channel right every single one on the channel right now. We have both long videos that are now. We have both long videos that are now. We have both long videos that are very in-depth tours of each hotel and very in-depth tours of each hotel and very in-depth tours of each hotel and little 10-minute byite-size videos that little 10-minute byite-size videos that little 10-minute byite-size videos that give you what you need to know. That give you what you need to know. That give you what you need to know. That way, you can kind of cruise through many way, you can kind of cruise through many way, you can kind of cruise through many options and then deep dive on the ones options and then deep dive on the ones options and then deep dive on the ones you're really considering. Okay, so you're really considering. Okay, so you're really considering. Okay, so you've chosen your resort. Now, it's you've chosen your resort. Now, it's you've chosen your resort. Now, it's time to book. You can book your resort time to book. You can book your resort time to book. You can book your resort one of two ways. First, you can go to one of two ways. First, you can go to one of two ways. First, you can go to the Walt Disney World website and click the Walt Disney World website and click the Walt Disney World website and click places to stay. From there, you can places to stay. From there, you can places to stay. From there, you can enter the days you're checking in and enter the days you're checking in and enter the days you're checking in and out and tell Disney how many people are out and tell Disney how many people are out and tell Disney how many people are coming with you. You'll hit find coming with you. You'll hit find coming with you. You'll hit find resorts, and Disney will show you resorts, and Disney will show you resorts, and Disney will show you availability. And yes, these resorts do availability. And yes, these resorts do availability. And yes, these resorts do book up, so make sure you're booking book up, so make sure you're booking book up, so make sure you're booking well in advance of your trip to make well in advance of your trip to make well in advance of your trip to make sure you get as many options as you sure you get as many options as you sure you get as many options as you want. If you book a little closer up, want. If you book a little closer up, want. If you book a little closer up, you might end up staying somewhere that you might end up staying somewhere that you might end up staying somewhere that you didn't want to. Once you're on this you didn't want to. Once you're on this you didn't want to. Once you're on this page, you can then choose your resort. page, you can then choose your resort. page, you can then choose your resort. Decide if you want to do a Disney World Decide if you want to do a Disney World Decide if you want to do a Disney World ticket package, which we'll talk about ticket package, which we'll talk about ticket package, which we'll talk about in a second, don't worry. From there, in a second, don't worry. From there, in a second, don't worry. From there, you can select the package or room rate you can select the package or room rate you can select the package or room rate that you want, and boom, you're going to that you want, and boom, you're going to that you want, and boom, you're going to Disney World, baby. There's even a Disney World, baby. There's even a Disney World, baby. There's even a little confetti when this happens. It's little confetti when this happens. It's little confetti when this happens. It's a very easy process once you get the a very easy process once you get the a very easy process once you get the hang of it. But if it sounds a little hang of it. But if it sounds a little hang of it. But if it sounds a little too complicated, don't worry. The other too complicated, don't worry. The other too complicated, don't worry. The other option is to call and Disney will help option is to call and Disney will help option is to call and Disney will help you book your room and decide what's you book your room and decide what's you book your room and decide what's right for you. All you have to do is right for you. All you have to do is right for you. All you have to do is call the Disney Resort reservations line call the Disney Resort reservations line call the Disney Resort reservations line [snorts] at 4079391936. Okay, we're booked. We know where we're Okay, we're booked. We know where we're Okay, we're booked. We know where we're staying. We need our tickets. Buying staying. We need our tickets. Buying staying. We need our tickets. Buying tickets is maybe the easiest part of the tickets is maybe the easiest part of the tickets is maybe the easiest part of the process. Now, you do need to know there process. Now, you do need to know there process. Now, you do need to know there are multiple kinds of tickets. There are are multiple kinds of tickets. There are are multiple kinds of tickets. There are the one theme park per day tickets, and the one theme park per day tickets, and the one theme park per day tickets, and then there's the ticket versions that then there's the ticket versions that then there's the ticket versions that have the Park Hopper add-on that let you have the Park Hopper add-on that let you have the Park Hopper add-on that let you go to multiple parks in one day. There's go to multiple parks in one day. There's go to multiple parks in one day. There's also even a park hopper plus ticket also even a park hopper plus ticket also even a park hopper plus ticket option, which lets you add the water option, which lets you add the water option, which lets you add the water parks and ESPN sports. But, pro tip, parks and ESPN sports. But, pro tip, parks and ESPN sports. But, pro tip, check and see if when you're coming that check and see if when you're coming that check and see if when you're coming that your Disney resort doesn't come with the your Disney resort doesn't come with the your Disney resort doesn't come with the perk of having waterpark access on the perk of having waterpark access on the perk of having waterpark access on the first day of your trip. Disney has had a first day of your trip. Disney has had a first day of your trip. Disney has had a deal going for a little while where on deal going for a little while where on deal going for a little while where on your check-in day or Disney hotel, you your check-in day or Disney hotel, you your check-in day or Disney hotel, you get access to a water park included. get access to a water park included. get access to a water park included. There's also annual passes if you're There's also annual passes if you're There's also annual passes if you're interested in that. These are very, very interested in that. These are very, very interested in that. These are very, very expensive, but if you're going a lot, it expensive, but if you're going a lot, it expensive, but if you're going a lot, it might be more economical to do an annual might be more economical to do an annual might be more economical to do an annual pass. They're really expensive though. I pass. They're really expensive though. I pass. They're really expensive though. I know I have one. Then there's also some know I have one. Then there's also some know I have one. Then there's also some specially ticketed events, things like specially ticketed events, things like specially ticketed events, things like afterhour parties, and those are afterhour parties, and those are afterhour parties, and those are separate tickets that you'll see offered separate tickets that you'll see offered separate tickets that you'll see offered for certain dates. [music] Now, you can for certain dates. [music] Now, you can for certain dates. [music] Now, you can buy your tickets in a package when buy your tickets in a package when buy your tickets in a package when you're selecting your room. When you're you're selecting your room. When you're you're selecting your room. When you're checking out, it'll offer you a Disney checking out, it'll offer you a Disney checking out, it'll offer you a Disney vacation package, and you can select the vacation package, and you can select the vacation package, and you can select the number of tickets you need and the number of tickets you need and the number of tickets you need and the number of days that you would like number of days that you would like number of days that you would like tickets for. then you can just check out tickets for. then you can just check out tickets for. then you can just check out with the room and tickets all at once. with the room and tickets all at once. with the room and tickets all at once. If you decided to stay off property or If you decided to stay off property or If you decided to stay off property or just want to book your tickets just want to book your tickets just want to book your tickets separately for whatever reason, don't separately for whatever reason, don't separately for whatever reason, don't worry, we can also do that. You'll go to worry, we can also do that. You'll go to worry, we can also do that. You'll go to the Walt Disney World website and click the Walt Disney World website and click the Walt Disney World website and click parks and tickets. From there, scroll parks and tickets. From there, scroll parks and tickets. From there, scroll down to hit all tickets and admissions down to hit all tickets and admissions down to hit all tickets and admissions and you'll find all of your ticket and you'll find all of your ticket and you'll find all of your ticket options. From there, same deal. Select options. From there, same deal. Select options. From there, same deal. Select the ticket you want and the number of the ticket you want and the number of the ticket you want and the number of days that you're headed to the park. days that you're headed to the park. days that you're headed to the park. You'll then see a calendar of when you You'll then see a calendar of when you You'll then see a calendar of when you can use the tickets. [music] Select the can use the tickets. [music] Select the can use the tickets. [music] Select the dates you'd like. Make sure you get the dates you'd like. Make sure you get the dates you'd like. Make sure you get the quantity of tickets correct and bam, quantity of tickets correct and bam, quantity of tickets correct and bam, you're done going to Disney World. And you're done going to Disney World. And you're done going to Disney World. And the great news is at this point almost the great news is at this point almost the great news is at this point almost all tickets pretty much besides annual all tickets pretty much besides annual all tickets pretty much besides annual passes do not require a theme park passes do not require a theme park passes do not require a theme park reservation where you indicate what reservation where you indicate what reservation where you indicate what theme park you're headed to that day. If theme park you're headed to that day. If theme park you're headed to that day. If you do this process you'll have what you do this process you'll have what you do this process you'll have what Disney calls a date based ticket. And Disney calls a date based ticket. And Disney calls a date based ticket. And with those no reservations needed. If with those no reservations needed. If with those no reservations needed. If you somehow end up with a non-date based you somehow end up with a non-date based you somehow end up with a non-date based ticket or you have an annual pass make ticket or you have an annual pass make ticket or you have an annual pass make sure you make your reservations with my sure you make your reservations with my sure you make your reservations with my Disney Experience. It will prompt you to Disney Experience. It will prompt you to Disney Experience. It will prompt you to so don't worry. Okay. We know when we're so don't worry. Okay. We know when we're so don't worry. Okay. We know when we're staying, we know when we're going to the staying, we know when we're going to the staying, we know when we're going to the park. So now it's time to think about park. So now it's time to think about park. So now it's time to think about what we're going to eat. Yes, this far what we're going to eat. Yes, this far what we're going to eat. Yes, this far in advance. There are a lot of options. in advance. There are a lot of options. in advance. There are a lot of options. There are over 400 restaurants in Disney There are over 400 restaurants in Disney There are over 400 restaurants in Disney World, and a lot of them require World, and a lot of them require World, and a lot of them require advanced dining reservations or ADRs. advanced dining reservations or ADRs. advanced dining reservations or ADRs. You can book these up to 60 days in You can book these up to 60 days in You can book these up to 60 days in advance of your trip. And if you're advance of your trip. And if you're advance of your trip. And if you're staying at a Disney hotel, that's 60 staying at a Disney hotel, that's 60 staying at a Disney hotel, that's 60 days in advance of your check-in day days in advance of your check-in day days in advance of your check-in day instead of of the day that you want the instead of of the day that you want the instead of of the day that you want the reservation. That window opens at 6:00 reservation. That window opens at 6:00 reservation. That window opens at 6:00 a.m., so be ready because some of these a.m., so be ready because some of these a.m., so be ready because some of these reservations fill up fast. This is reservations fill up fast. This is reservations fill up fast. This is pretty much only for sit-down pretty much only for sit-down pretty much only for sit-down restaurants, but there are a few very restaurants, but there are a few very restaurants, but there are a few very popular new lounges that do require popular new lounges that do require popular new lounges that do require advanced dining reservations as well. advanced dining reservations as well. advanced dining reservations as well. These are GO82 in Epcot and Beacon These are GO82 in Epcot and Beacon These are GO82 in Epcot and Beacon Barrel in Magic Kingdom. To book, you'll Barrel in Magic Kingdom. To book, you'll Barrel in Magic Kingdom. To book, you'll head to the Disney website and select head to the Disney website and select head to the Disney website and select things to do. From there, you can select things to do. From there, you can select things to do. From there, you can select make reservations and how many people make reservations and how many people make reservations and how many people you have in your party. I recommend you have in your party. I recommend you have in your party. I recommend being on a bit before 6 so that you can being on a bit before 6 so that you can being on a bit before 6 so that you can start getting this process going. You start getting this process going. You start getting this process going. You then select your date and preferred time then select your date and preferred time then select your date and preferred time and Disney will tell you what and Disney will tell you what and Disney will tell you what reservations are available across the reservations are available across the reservations are available across the entire resort. There's filters to make entire resort. There's filters to make entire resort. There's filters to make it a little easier. You'll select your it a little easier. You'll select your it a little easier. You'll select your time and restaurant, any dietary [music] time and restaurant, any dietary [music] time and restaurant, any dietary [music] restrictions, and you'll be taken to a restrictions, and you'll be taken to a restrictions, and you'll be taken to a confirmation page. Luckily, since you're confirmation page. Luckily, since you're confirmation page. Luckily, since you're already logged into your My [music] already logged into your My [music] already logged into your My [music] Disney Experience account, it will fill Disney Experience account, it will fill Disney Experience account, it will fill out the contact page for you. Be sure to out the contact page for you. Be sure to out the contact page for you. Be sure to have your credit card info ready or have your credit card info ready or have your credit card info ready or already loaded into your account so they already loaded into your account so they already loaded into your account so they can place a hold on [music] the can place a hold on [music] the can place a hold on [music] the reservation. This will not charge you, reservation. This will not charge you, reservation. This will not charge you, but if you are a no-show, there can be but if you are a no-show, there can be but if you are a no-show, there can be cancellation fees. Of course, you can cancellation fees. Of course, you can cancellation fees. Of course, you can cancel as long as it's 2 hours prior to cancel as long as it's 2 hours prior to cancel as long as it's 2 hours prior to a reservation. There are a handful of a reservation. There are a handful of a reservation. There are a handful of restaurants that do require you to pay restaurants that do require you to pay restaurants that do require you to pay for your meal upfront, [music] uh, for your meal upfront, [music] uh, for your meal upfront, [music] uh, things like dinner shows, very specialty things like dinner shows, very specialty things like dinner shows, very specialty experiences, but it will make that experiences, but it will make that experiences, but it will make that clear. Once you hit confirm, you're clear. Once you hit confirm, you're clear. Once you hit confirm, you're golden. You can also do this in the My golden. You can also do this in the My golden. You can also do this in the My Disney Experience app if that's a little Disney Experience app if that's a little Disney Experience app if that's a little easier for you. With that, you're going easier for you. With that, you're going easier for you. With that, you're going to hit the plus sign at the bottom and to hit the plus sign at the bottom and to hit the plus sign at the bottom and hit check dining availability. And if hit check dining availability. And if hit check dining availability. And if you don't quite snag the reservations you don't quite snag the reservations you don't quite snag the reservations you're hoping for, don't give up hope. you're hoping for, don't give up hope. you're hoping for, don't give up hope. Keep checking back. I almost always am Keep checking back. I almost always am Keep checking back. I almost always am able to get last minute or a week or two able to get last minute or a week or two able to get last minute or a week or two out reservations, even for some of the out reservations, even for some of the out reservations, even for some of the most popular spots, just by being most popular spots, just by being most popular spots, just by being diligent and checking often. People are diligent and checking often. People are diligent and checking often. People are constantly canceling. [music] Plans constantly canceling. [music] Plans constantly canceling. [music] Plans change. Also, you can always jump by a change. Also, you can always jump by a change. Also, you can always jump by a lounge for a little bit of a last minute lounge for a little bit of a last minute lounge for a little bit of a last minute table service-like experience. And if table service-like experience. And if table service-like experience. And if you want an idea of some of the spots in you want an idea of some of the spots in you want an idea of some of the spots in Disney World, we have tons of restaurant Disney World, we have tons of restaurant Disney World, we have tons of restaurant reviews up on the channel right now that reviews up on the channel right now that reviews up on the channel right now that you can watch. Okay, we've selected the you can watch. Okay, we've selected the you can watch. Okay, we've selected the main aspects of our trip. It's time to main aspects of our trip. It's time to main aspects of our trip. It's time to prep from home as much as we can. This prep from home as much as we can. This prep from home as much as we can. This mainly consists of planning what you mainly consists of planning what you mainly consists of planning what you want to do once you get to Disney World want to do once you get to Disney World want to do once you get to Disney World and getting a little bit of your head and getting a little bit of your head and getting a little bit of your head wrapped around packing. After you decide wrapped around packing. After you decide wrapped around packing. After you decide how you're getting here, whether that's how you're getting here, whether that's how you're getting here, whether that's plain boat, car, bathtub on wheels, plain boat, car, bathtub on wheels, plain boat, car, bathtub on wheels, roller skates, hang gliding, parachute, roller skates, hang gliding, parachute, roller skates, hang gliding, parachute, alien, spacecraft, whatever, alien, spacecraft, whatever, alien, spacecraft, whatever, &gt;&gt; you can plan for exactly what you want &gt;&gt; you can plan for exactly what you want &gt;&gt; you can plan for exactly what you want to pick. To make this a bit easier, to pick. To make this a bit easier, to pick. To make this a bit easier, we've compiled a list of the Allers team we've compiled a list of the Allers team we've compiled a list of the Allers team [music] favorites and from you at home [music] favorites and from you at home [music] favorites and from you at home for our recommendations of what to bring for our recommendations of what to bring for our recommendations of what to bring to Disney World. You can find it at this to Disney World. You can find it at this to Disney World. You can find it at this QR code or at the link in the QR code or at the link in the QR code or at the . My main suggestions are the description. My main suggestions are the description. My main suggestions are the comfiest shoes you can get your hands on comfiest shoes you can get your hands on comfiest shoes you can get your hands on and then wear them around your house to and then wear them around your house to and then wear them around your house to break them in, a rain jacket, of course break them in, a rain jacket, of course break them in, a rain jacket, of course [music] it will rain, a sweatshirt for [music] it will rain, a sweatshirt for [music] it will rain, a sweatshirt for if the temperatures get a little wonky if the temperatures get a little wonky if the temperatures get a little wonky or if you're cold in your hotel room, a or if you're cold in your hotel room, a or if you're cold in your hotel room, a portable phone charger, and a water portable phone charger, and a water portable phone charger, and a water bottle. But you can go through the bottle. But you can go through the bottle. But you can go through the entire list and decide what's best for entire list and decide what's best for entire list and decide what's best for you. And while you're packing, we even you. And while you're packing, we even you. And while you're packing, we even have an Allers's YouTube video that you have an Allers's YouTube video that you have an Allers's YouTube video that you can pack with Fry. Uh or you can just can pack with Fry. Uh or you can just can pack with Fry. Uh or you can just put on, you know, whatever Allers's put on, you know, whatever Allers's put on, you know, whatever Allers's videos in the back to help, you know, videos in the back to help, you know, videos in the back to help, you know, get some strategies in mind. I don't get some strategies in mind. I don't get some strategies in mind. I don't know, just an idea playing some videos. know, just an idea playing some videos. know, just an idea playing some videos. My favorite recommendation is for My favorite recommendation is for My favorite recommendation is for everyone in your party to pick two to everyone in your party to pick two to everyone in your party to pick two to three must dos for each park. Once you three must dos for each park. Once you three must dos for each park. Once you get through those things, everything get through those things, everything get through those things, everything else will feel like a bonus and you can else will feel like a bonus and you can else will feel like a bonus and you can make sure you're prioritizing those. So make sure you're prioritizing those. So make sure you're prioritizing those. So even if things go wonky, you can still even if things go wonky, you can still even if things go wonky, you can still aim to get through those must dos and aim to get through those must dos and aim to get through those must dos and have everything else be a fun [music] have everything else be a fun [music] have everything else be a fun [music] surprise. Even if you're here during a surprise. Even if you're here during a surprise. Even if you're here during a busy time and not using lightning lanes, busy time and not using lightning lanes, busy time and not using lightning lanes, usually three is something you can still usually three is something you can still usually three is something you can still guarantee. Might be some long lines, but guarantee. Might be some long lines, but guarantee. Might be some long lines, but if it's a must do, it's a must do. And if it's a must do, it's a must do. And if it's a must do, it's a must do. And then you can make a smaller list called then you can make a smaller list called then you can make a smaller list called bonuses if you have your like secondary bonuses if you have your like secondary bonuses if you have your like secondary stuff. If you don't get it, it won't stuff. If you don't get it, it won't stuff. If you don't get it, it won't break your trip, but you want to know break your trip, but you want to know break your trip, but you want to know where you're heading, what's in your where you're heading, what's in your where you're heading, what's in your sights. This helps create realistic sights. This helps create realistic sights. This helps create realistic expectations and makes it so that things expectations and makes it so that things expectations and makes it so that things are just the cherry on top instead of are just the cherry on top instead of are just the cherry on top instead of trip ruining disasters if you miss them. trip ruining disasters if you miss them. trip ruining disasters if you miss them. If you aren't quite sure to start, you If you aren't quite sure to start, you If you aren't quite sure to start, you can check out our perfect day series. can check out our perfect day series. can check out our perfect day series. Brand new ones are coming out to the Brand new ones are coming out to the Brand new ones are coming out to the channel very soon. And we have plenty channel very soon. And we have plenty channel very soon. And we have plenty from years gone by where perfect days from years gone by where perfect days from years gone by where perfect days and best day evers will show you exactly and best day evers will show you exactly and best day evers will show you exactly how to have perfect days and best days how to have perfect days and best days how to have perfect days and best days ever in each of the [music] parks. And ever in each of the [music] parks. And ever in each of the [music] parks. And they will show you a lot of the they will show you a lot of the they will show you a lot of the different options that are available to different options that are available to different options that are available to you across Disney World. When we get you across Disney World. When we get you across Disney World. When we get close to the trip, there's a few things close to the trip, there's a few things close to the trip, there's a few things to do just a few days before. This is to do just a few days before. This is to do just a few days before. This is where Lightning Lanes come into play. If where Lightning Lanes come into play. If where Lightning Lanes come into play. If you want Lightning Lane and if you're you want Lightning Lane and if you're you want Lightning Lane and if you're staying on property, you can book your staying on property, you can book your staying on property, you can book your Lightning Lanes 7 days in advance. Lightning Lanes 7 days in advance. Lightning Lanes 7 days in advance. You'll be able to book three of them. You'll be able to book three of them. You'll be able to book three of them. Now, you can use more than three, but Now, you can use more than three, but Now, you can use more than three, but you can only have three at a time. So, you can only have three at a time. So, you can only have three at a time. So, you'll book your three in advance, and you'll book your three in advance, and you'll book your three in advance, and then once you start to use those, you then once you start to use those, you then once you start to use those, you can book more on the day that you're in can book more on the day that you're in can book more on the day that you're in the park. Lightning Lane is a little bit the park. Lightning Lane is a little bit the park. Lightning Lane is a little bit confusing, but we have full guides on confusing, but we have full guides on confusing, but we have full guides on the channel, as well as many, many the channel, as well as many, many the channel, as well as many, many experiments using Lightning Lane to show experiments using Lightning Lane to show experiments using Lightning Lane to show you the nitty-gritty of how they work. you the nitty-gritty of how they work. you the nitty-gritty of how they work. If you're staying on property, you can If you're staying on property, you can If you're staying on property, you can book these 7 days in advance of your book these 7 days in advance of your book these 7 days in advance of your check-in. And if you're staying off check-in. And if you're staying off check-in. And if you're staying off property, you can book them 3 days in property, you can book them 3 days in property, you can book them 3 days in advance of the day that you want to use advance of the day that you want to use advance of the day that you want to use them. Lightning Lane Multipass lets you them. Lightning Lane Multipass lets you them. Lightning Lane Multipass lets you book up to three Lightning Lanes at a book up to three Lightning Lanes at a book up to three Lightning Lanes at a time. You can use these for tons of time. You can use these for tons of time. You can use these for tons of attractions around Disney World, booking attractions around Disney World, booking attractions around Disney World, booking three up to three at a time. You have an three up to three at a time. You have an three up to three at a time. You have an hourlong return window, and you pay one hourlong return window, and you pay one hourlong return window, and you pay one fee to use across all these attractions. fee to use across all these attractions. fee to use across all these attractions. Lightning Lane Single Pass is a allocart Lightning Lane Single Pass is a allocart Lightning Lane Single Pass is a allocart per attraction purchase for some of the per attraction purchase for some of the per attraction purchase for some of the most popular rides in Disney World. most popular rides in Disney World. most popular rides in Disney World. You'll also get to select an hourong You'll also get to select an hourong You'll also get to select an hourong reservation window there. And then if reservation window there. And then if reservation window there. And then if you want, Lightning Lane [music] Premier you want, Lightning Lane [music] Premier you want, Lightning Lane [music] Premier Pass gives you access to every Lightning Pass gives you access to every Lightning Pass gives you access to every Lightning Lane, including the single pass Lane, including the single pass Lane, including the single pass attractions, without having to use the attractions, without having to use the attractions, without having to use the reservation system. So, you can just go reservation system. So, you can just go reservation system. So, you can just go whenever you want. Those are purchased whenever you want. Those are purchased whenever you want. Those are purchased per park and you can only have them for per park and you can only have them for per park and you can only have them for one park each day. It can be a little one park each day. It can be a little one park each day. It can be a little difficult to choose when you should get difficult to choose when you should get difficult to choose when you should get Lightning Lane and when you shouldn't. Lightning Lane and when you shouldn't. Lightning Lane and when you shouldn't. But luckily, we have a video breaking But luckily, we have a video breaking But luckily, we have a video breaking that down exactly as well. So, you can that down exactly as well. So, you can that down exactly as well. So, you can check that video out and make sure that check that video out and make sure that check that video out and make sure that you know whether or not it's worth the you know whether or not it's worth the you know whether or not it's worth the splurge. And just like that, you're splurge. And just like that, you're splurge. And just like that, you're going to Disney World. Come join me. I'm going to Disney World. Come join me. I'm going to Disney World. Come join me. I'm there. You're there. We are there. Your there. You're there. We are there. Your there. You're there. We are there. Your countdown is on. You've done everything countdown is on. You've done everything countdown is on. You've done everything you could possibly do, and now it is you could possibly do, and now it is you could possibly do, and now it is time for the student to become the time for the student to become the time for the student to become the master. [music] I can't wait to see you master. [music] I can't wait to see you master. [music] I can't wait to see you there. And if you're still here there. And if you're still here there. And if you're still here watching, go ahead and comment this watching, go ahead and comment this watching, go ahead and comment this secret code in the comments so we know secret code in the comments so we know secret code in the comments so we know you made it all the way. Plus, don't you made it all the way. Plus, don't you made it all the way. Plus, don't forget to subscribe. We upload [music] forget to subscribe. We upload [music] forget to subscribe. We upload [music] tips, info, games, and more from Disney tips, info, games, and more from Disney tips, info, games, and more from Disney World and beyond all week because we are World and beyond all week because we are World and beyond all week because we are serious about fun. I'll see you next serious about fun. I'll see you next serious about fun. I'll see you next time. Bye.
