---
video_id: OVZXEafJpks
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Solving 4 More MAJOR Disney World Problems"
published: 2026-04-09
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OVZXEafJpks
---
Walt Disney World is the most magical place on Earth, but even magic has its complications. I've been assigned four high-risk missions inside the parks. Our objective is to complete them all successfully, but the problem is these aren't imaginary problems. These are very real things people encounter in Walt Disney World every single day. Can we do it? I don't know, but we're about to find out. You didn't make any dining reservations in advance because you didn't know you needed to. Your mission is to find a lastminute table service dining reservation that your whole party will enjoy. This is a scenario a lot of people are going to say can't possibly be real. But I am here to tell you that I see people every single day walking up to the tap styles at any of the parks without knowing they needed to do anything except purchase a ticket to the park. That they had to have it somehow in a form that they could scan in. and they end up holding up the line for everybody else. But the terrible thing is it's really not their fault. It's a complicated system and unless they do the research themselves, which people don't even realize they have to do the research. They think, well, you buy the ticket, you get into the park. That's not the way Disney World works. There are so many things about Disney World that also involve a heavy amount of studying, not just a purchase. In fact, there's a lot of stuff you have to heavily study to even be able to purchase in the first place, but that's a whole other video. Right now, we're talking dining reservations, and we've got to get this family of four sitting down somewhere in Walt Disney World tonight for dinner someplace they'll all enjoy. And the first thing I'm doing right here is firing up the My Disney Experience app. I'm going to tap the little X in the bottom corner. And I am pulling up this menu here. It says check dining availability, order food. So, I am going to check dining availability. Now, I'm going to put in a party of four. I'm going to say it's for tonight. I picked the today's date. And then the time and location uh is not available to me next. Okay. Now, the time, so I'm going to pick sometime after 5:00 p.m. And I'm going to select all available parks. I'm just not going to say Disney Springs because this family has Park Hopper. They want to use it. Okay, here we go. So, we've got Beer Garden, California Grill, Cape May, Chef Mickey's. These are all the reservations. Uh, Chef's Def France, that's in Epcot. Beer Garden is in Germany in Epcot. We've got the Coral Reef in Epcot. So, Epcot's looking good. Mission number two, you're in Magic Kingdom and have a dining reservation in Epcot at the backup World Showcase in 60 minutes. Your mission is to make it to the reservation on time. Bonus points for arriving early. Well, this is not a hypothetical. This is a very real situation. We found that reservation for four people all the way in Japan, which is the very back of World Showcase. We're in Magic Kingdom now, and we only have 60 minutes till our reservation starts. We've made our way down Main Street through a busy street of Maine. Crowds of people walking, gathering, talking, buying balloons, breaking balloons. What a coincidence. I was already in in my head to say that that's the way the balloon pops, right? A lot of things are happening today on Main Street and Town Square, but we're leaving. So, we can't take part in any more of them. And we're leaving on the right hand side. We're getting right on the Montreal. We're going back to the TTC. We're transferring to the Epcot Montreal. And we're hitting the ground running at Epcot. Montreal Lime is there. That's a fun one. We might actually make it. I think we might make it. It's just opening now to the new guests. The guests that it just dropped off are all coming down. Some of them are using the staircase. I YKK. Now, another option for this journey would be taking a bus to the beach club and getting off the beach club, walking through that resort, and then entering through the uh international gateway entrance, the side entrance into Epcot. That's not a bad idea. Sometimes the buses can take a long time and so that's what I wasn't sure about. But it's possible that the more time that the bus would take to get us there and the walk through the resort to International Gateway would have been the same as waiting for this Montreal train to go for a new one to come for us to get on it, transfer to the Epcot Montreal line, and then walk all the way from the front of the park to the back of the park. I'm questioning this decision, though. We're here. or I should just stay right at the >> Okay, we're arriving at the TTC. There is no Montreal at the Epcot station right now or the station at the TTC for the Epcot Montreal. That's a good thing for us because it means we're not missing one right this second. I say it a lot, but a reminder, you want to be in the middle of the car if possible. If you have your choice, if there's no one else there, uh, or if it happens naturally, don't try to get out of being in the middle of the train for this one because then you can just cross directly across the path straight into the Epcot Montreal area, boarding area. And the same goes for over here. either side in the middle when you're exiting at Epcot gets you the best access to the exit gate which leads to the ramp that goes down and to the tap style area. The entrance is what they call it, the park entrance. And Montreal Black came up very quickly this time, which is great. I'm just gonna hold my breath and make sure that it's actually running because I've encountered some issues today. Not just while filming this video, but earlier today with Montreal Gold coming in and them saying, "We're sorry, we're not boarding any guests on a Montreal Gold at this time." And we had to wait until the next train came. So, there might be some gremlins in the system today. Or maybe that was just the Express Magic Kingdom uh Montreal. It's also good strategy to try to be one of the last ones in the door because when the doors open in Epcot, they're going to open the same side that you enter. So, if you're already closest to the door, which means one of the last people on the car, then you'll be one of the first off of it when we get to the station in Epcot. Time check. It's 4:27. That means it's already been almost half an hour and we're still not out of the TTC. We are on our way now. The train is moving. But I doubt that we're going to have extra points for extra turnover. And look like that. We're right here for the first off and down the ramp. This is how it happens. Really fast. If you want to give yourself any advantage here, this is a way you can do that. Saving time getting to our dining reservation. I just got complimented on my shoes by a guest relations cast member, which makes me feel, I don't know, like the magic of Epcot is alive in 2026. But how alive is it? Because we've just scanned in and we do not have very much time to get all the way to Tumi. Got to get my speed walking legs going. I got to get my fry speed. Let's see if I can fry speed initiated activated. Maybe they both work either way. Whatever. It's just fun. If I'm going to start at Canada, which I know everybody says don't do that, but it's closer to where I'm going right now. I'm not having a casual make my way around. If you want to start on the right side, I don't like the little path over there. It's too tight. The one that goes by the Imagination Pavilion. If you're going to Mexico, if I'm going to Mexico, I always use the bridges that go over to uh Odyssey. But if I'm going to the right, I go straight down the middle. this very wide walkway. This is where they do the chalk art during Festival of the Arts, which is over. So, there's no no chalk art. So, all of these walkways are completely open again, which means this area flows beautifully. It's called the World Showcase Bridge. And we just took it and it was, I think, faster than that. There are parts of Epcot you're not going to be able to find a shortcut. You just have to meditate into the flow and it's all good. Remember, there is a 15-minute grace period for dining reservations, but that was not part of the mission today. The mission is we get there on time, and if we get there early, we get extra points. So, no grace period for me today and my family. But for you and your family, just meditate into it and know that it's there. Oh my gosh, we're almost there. We're almost there. We're almost there. We got some stairs to go up. See, check out that view. I mean, I don't really think it gets a whole lot better than that. All right, we are officially here and with 3 minutes to spare. So, we get three extra points for having gotten here a little bit early, which is amazing. So glad we didn't get here late. I would have been very happy getting here right on time. That view. Mission three. You are leaving for the airport in 2 hours and have no park ticket. Your mission is to make the most of this time before you have to leave the Disney bubble. Oh, wow. Well, if I don't have a park ticket, that means I shouldn't be in this park, which means I have to leave right now. And the closest area to me right now that offers a variety of entertainment options without having a park ticket is right out the international gateway exit from Epcot. This is the international gateway exit and entrance. This is where you can enter in the morning if you are staying at either the boardwalk or the yacht beach clubs or Swan and Dolphin. And uh you can also exit to those resorts at the end of the night. You can also arrive at this entrance by Skyliner from Caribbean Beach, Riviera, Art of Animation, and Pop Century resorts. So there are a lot of opportunities here and it gets very very very busy. Uh certainly at the end of the night sometimes I'll exit this way and see very long lines of people waiting to board the Skylliner to get back to their hotel and I always feel bad for them. It hurts. I don't know. I know that is it is such a great perk uh to stay on this line, the Skyliner, but it's also hard for me when I see that to think gosh I would really want to do that on vacation. So, my advice to you would be if that sounds like something horrible, waiting in a very long line at the end of the night after Luminous, the uh fireworks show, nighttime spectacular here in Epcot that happens at the very end of the night when the park actually closes, then I would recommend skipping Luminous, leaving a little bit early and having your run of the Skyliner essentially before that huge rush occurs. Because when I'm talking that line backs up, it goes from here. This is where you actually, you know, enter. This is the main entrance to the Skyliner, but it comes over here and it wraps back and forth in this area over here and then goes all the way back sometimes to the beach club and it's it's tough to see. I think it does keep moving. I think it moves quickly, but if anything were to stop, that would sure be that would sure be tough. But this is a great place to enter too in the morning or any time of day if you have access to this area and certainly for our purposes today being here with 2 hours to kill before our flight not having a park ticket. Let's explore some of the magic that we can experience without a park ticket in this area right next door to Epcot. So, if you're not staying at Yacht and Beach, you're not going to have access to Storm Along Bay, which is their legendary water park essentially. It's their pool, but uh it has so many different features. It's like the one behind me, this pirate ship that's actually a water slide. It's a water park. Let's let's be real. It's a pretty cool place to get into. It's some place that you should stay at some point, even just to have the experience of hanging out at Stormalong Bay. If you're not staying here, you can have sort of an adjacent experience at a quick service restaurant called Hurricane Hannah's. The seating for it is right next to the pool. The menu is it's it's not overwhelming. It's a It's a It's a great menu of delicious items. I love the burger that they have here. The plant-based burger is really delicious. I love the tomato jam that's on it. I ask for extra. Dump it right on top and it's really tomatoey. Lots of It gets you in a jam quickly. a jam you want to be in at Hurricane Hannah's. And then you get to sit by the pool kind of. I mean, there you're like there's a fence, so you're you're not like in the pool area, but you're next to the pool area. It's definitely some place you're allowed to hang out as a non resort guest. And let's face it, usually because I live in Orlando, I am a non- resort guest. So, this is a place that I like to hang out, catch vibes, and pretend that I'm floating in that sandy bottom lazy river. Oh yeah, did I mention they have a full bar as well? So, two hours to kill, that might be something you want to consider. Just don't end up in one of those videos on social media, please. At the airport, thank you. Here at the Bayside Marina, there are some guided fishing excursions and rentals of their pontoon boats. A guided bass fishing excursion starts at $274 for a 2hour trip. That includes five guests maximum. If you want to rent a boat, a Sun Tracker pontoon, it's $49 for 30 minutes, 10 guest maximum. You have to be at least 18 years old to operate the pontoon. That's good. So, that is something that you can plan ahead for. This is not something you're going to want to really think about last minute. I mean, they have the pontoon boats lined up here. I just spoke to a wonderful cast member who uh works here at the at the marina and he told me that the bass fishing excursions are not something you want to leave to last minute. That is something you have to book ahead. But the pontoon rentals, he said they have about five boats out here. If one is available, then you can feel free to come and rent it between the hours of 10 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. So, come on over. That's what I think I would do next. I would I would come over here and see about renting one of those boats. I probably wouldn't want to go out on it by myself and drive it. I had a whole thing happen with the with the canoe. It was very Anyway, that's not your problem. And it's certainly not the problem of the party of four that we're trying to entertain during this break before they head off to the airport. But I think that would be fun to send them onto one of those boats right now. Have one of the parents drive. You must be 18 and over in order to drive the boat. and uh have that fun experience going out here. And now we're headed over next door to Swan and Dolphin where there is a new as of last year family entertainment center and it's pretty cool. It's called Lagoon Lagoon Games. And we're going to head there right now and I am going to play a game. Take a look at these kiosks. This is important because the fountain is actually the kitchen for the family entertainment center. we're about to go to the the family entertainment center uses these kiosks for you to be able to order food over in the fun area and then it's brought to you um and they actually supplied these touchcreens to the fountain as well since they share a kitchen. It was uh sort of a good neighbor kind of touch that now you can literally touch a screen and order some food here to pick up at the counter at the fountain. And we're on our journey. We're going to pass Rosa Mexico and take a right and pass one of the dining rooms for the fountain. This is a little journey. That's why I'm showing you. It seems like a place you're not supposed to go, but there's a sign on the wall that says Lagoon Games and Lanes. And that's exactly where we're going to head. Okay. You're not going to turn in here where the elevators are. You're going to go where you really really think you're not supposed to go, like down a hallway that's just for rooms, but it's not. It's a It's a whole It's a whole thing. It's a whole experience down here. Wa! It's magical in here. If you're feeling impatient, you can go ahead and swipe your card and just do a claw game for tickets. Now, why didn't they have that when I was a kid? Oh, wow. Look at the nose. Okay, that is special. Oh, wow. You can play soccer and the goalie is a physical goalie and he is not nice. And then they have this impressive redemption zone where you can get premium large Disney and friends plush. You can get a giant a squishy banana that looks like a neon light, a karaoke microphone, a basketball game. Wow, you can even get a mini uh saw and other tools. That's fun. Good luck getting that through security at the airport in a couple hours. But it's named Lagoon Lanes for a reason. Yes, there is a bowling alley here in this tiny space, but it's a little bit different. It's kind of almost like the botchi ball court that's at the Riviera. Let me show you what it looks like. So, you go ahead and swipe your card like everything else. And then you grab one of these balls. This is the size of the bowling ball here. You see the lanes are like mini lanes and the pins drop down and you just bowl right here. So, it's like more than something that you would find in a normal arcade. It's it's impressive, but it's definitely less than a real bowling alley, but it's something that might be perfect for you and your kids to play. An introduction to bowling if they can't necessarily play because of the size of the bowling ball or the weight of it. This might just be the perfect way to introduce them to bowling. And if you're feeling hungry, here is that kiosk I was telling you about. This is a special menu you can only get here. So, if you stop by the kiosk at the fountain and you look at the menu and don't find anything that you want, come down here because it's a completely different menu down here, even though it's prepared in the same kitchen. So, if you love the food at the fountain and you want to try different things from their kitchen, this is a perfect way to do it. And I'm going to head down to the other end to Swan and show you something that might come in handy anytime, but especially if you are here for a couple hours and don't necessarily have enough time to leave property and let's say get some essentials that you might need, things that might come up when you are not in a resort anymore. You've checked out of your hotel room. Your flight is not for a couple more hours, but something comes up and you need something. And I'm going to show you where to find it. Over here at the Swan. All right, we're going to look for the Swan Fountain right here. And then we're going to take a right passing Java. This is where you can grab a coffee beverage, a tea. They have a really great selection of graband-go sandwiches. I am a huge fan. I'm a huge fan of the coffee shops of Swan Dolphin Swan Reserve. But we're going to continue down this hallway. Again, it's looking like a place we shouldn't be going. The meeting rooms and ballrooms are to the left for the convention center. But if we take a right down this hallway, we follow the glowing light. And Eureka, we've discovered a gold mine. So, this is a CVS vending machine. I was going to say basically, but that's completely what it is. You've got Nyquil, Dayquil, Tylenol, Sinus Severe. You've got Zicam Rapid Melts. Now, let's check the pricing on some of this. I'm going to check the pricing on something that I purchase regularly so that I can really tell you for certain what the prices are, but I compared them to some of the gift shops, for instance, that sell some of these items. And uh these prices were were better than some of the gift shops. So, if you're hanging out around Crescent Lake for a couple hours waiting for your flight, here it is right in the swan. Walk inside and get yourself whatever you need. I just had to come in for a second and hype the Java Grab and go. Again, there is a coffee shop in each of the three hotels, Swan, Dolphin, and Swan Reserve. The one here in Swan is called Jaba. And this is my go-to. I get the Bonme any chance I get. I have already eaten. This is not going to be something that I get right now, but I am going to grab a Toppo Chico with a twist of grapefruit that they sell here in the glass bottle, which is different. This is a Coca-Cola product. It's not revolutionary that it's available here on property, but um it is something novel that I like to purchase whenever I see it. I'm going to show you one of my super secret hiding places. I've never shown this on camera before because this is like where I really hide. I talk about hiding a lot and how I want to help you hide, but I love first of all, natural light behind you. Beautiful little nook and you're recessed all the way back here in this corner. And I invite you to come use this area too and cool off and recharge if you are in the Crescent Lake area. I love it. And we're taking a right out of the swan and we're heading over to the bridge, crossing it to boardwalk. And it's that magical time of day where there's still light in the sky, but the lights are on at the boardwalk sign greeting us, welcoming us in for the ne for the evening. The night, it's that that's the time between the night and evening. Welcome to the evening. Well, the first thing I want to tell you about at the boardwalk is that this is Atlantic Dance Hall. You can. It's a place where you can actually go dancing in Disney World in 2026. You've heard about Pleasure Island. It is what is Disney Springs now. It used to be a complex of nightife experiences. It was dance clubs and shows and all kinds of experiences that happened at night and it was adults only and it was really fun. That changed. It became the Disney Springs that we know today, but Atlantic Dance Hall still operates. It was seven nights a week for a while and now now it's down to three nights a week. Anyway, from Friday through Sunday, opening at 8:00 p.m., they have a live DJ, no cover charge, just as it says. If you're here after 8:00 p.m., that is a must if you ask me. I love it there so much. I had my 40th birthday there. And I really go probably once a month. I don't do a lot of dancing. I just kind of sit there, but I have a lot of fun. It's not like a wild dance club. people aren't like dancing wildly but they are um having fun and there's not many people there and to me that's really fun cuz I get you know too many people is too much so I it's like the perfect dance club for me because there's nobody there a lot of the time and um I don't feel any pressure to dance. The carnival games here on the boardwalk are so cool. They're they're like authentic actual real carnival games. They open at 400 pm and they're open until 11 p.m. But you can look at these. Like it's lobster pots going over fire and then you hit this and then the lobster goes in there and then you win things, you know? It's like super cool, man. The kids love it. No visit to the boardwalk would be complete without a trip around it on a sur bike. These are available for rental. Single bench Suri bikes $30 per half hour. A double bench is 35 per half hour and they're right here. You rent them literally right in the back side of the boardwalk. Better hurry. When they see me off in the sur when they see me off in the with a fringe on top. No fringe included. I guess you could bring your own. I mentioned it earlier, but Cake Bake Shop is a newer restaurant here on the boardwalk, but let me tell you, it has become an icon very fast. This is the bakery. This is where you wait in line and you go in and purchase slices of cake, coffees, other dectible items. Gwendalyn Rogers is the mastermind behind the Cake Bake Shop. She created every recipe by hand and she imports ingredients. She handp picks the best ingredients and brings them here and makes some of the best food that you're going to find anywhere in Disney World. As a result, she's a visionary. I I'm a big personal fan of hers. I have been given a tour by her of uh the restaurant on several occasions to show me her holiday decorations, which she personally designs by hand also. And I have to tell you, this is a wild statement, but this is what I told her. I feel that she is the closest thing that we have to a Walt Disney right now because she is such a visionary and not only knows how to dream but execute also and she thinks ahead. And there's some things I want to say like she had the whole dining room wired already for projectors even though she said I can't afford the projectors yet. I'm spending all the money on the food and the restaurant and the decor and uh you know I'm I'm not doing this yet. But she said, "I have this vision of being able to transform the dining room and have it have something happen like every hour and projections transforming the entire room." So, she's already had them built into the walls, all of the wiring for the projectors, even though the projectors aren't there yet. And someday they will be, and I will be there opening night when they debut. But until then, you should come here and eat food from the bakery. And definitely consider making a reservation for the restaurant. You need to make reservations. You can check last minute on a whim. But uh if this is something that's important to you, and I think it should be. Also, I need to tell you something crazy. There's nothing on the menu hardly that I can eat. There's like a a vegan burger. None of the cakes are vegan. So, this is this is literally about a human being that I see as a visionary person and wanting my friends to go eat this delicious, rich food that she creates and them telling me that it's some of the best food they've ever had in Disney World. So, maybe I'm biased in a strange way, but it's not it's not that I'm hyping the food because I've had it myself. It's because I'm hyping an experience that I've had with a person that I believe in and I want you to be a part of that story as well by eating in the bakery or the restaurant. Oh, and I had my 44th birthday this year at Cake Bake Shop Restaurant and I enjoyed the vegan burger and the sorbet. No cake for me. Rise of the Resistance has been down all day and finally came back up. The only problem is it has a long wait. Your mission is to ride Rise of the Resistance while waiting 45 minutes or less. Well, there's the boat right now. If I get on that boat, the one that takes us to Hollywood Studios, I'll have to go to Swan Dolphin and also Yacht and Beach Clubs first. That's going to take forever and I would have to get all the way over there right now and hop on before it leaves. My other option is to walk back to Epcot and take the Skyliner from International Gateway, but that involves a transfer and a lot of slow flying. Uh, I'm trying to get over to Hollywood Studios as quickly as possible because this ride just went back up and I want to make sure to get on it before they already said the line is long. I'm going to have to figure this out. We are walking. Yep, that's the option. There's a walking path in between the boardwalk and Hollywood Studios. It connects all the way over to Epcot and all of these resorts. It's a great option if you're staying in this area. And we are going to use that option right now to put everything into perspective over to our right now. That is the boardwalk sign that we crossed under not too long ago. We have now got to move alongside it here. This part gets a little confusing. This is a paved area that a lot of people think that's where they're supposed to walk. Um, that's service vehicles only and the walkway is over here. Even right now down there, I see somebody walking on it. But this is where you want to be. Right here, right alongside the bridge from Dolphin over there and Swan over there. Here are some signs so we know we're on the right track. All right, this is the walk to Hollywood Studios. Wow. I had to stop on my walk for a moment and check out this scene. And now we got to get to Rise of the Resistance. The Resistance isn't going to rise on its own. I got to go help them again. I know I'm a fine looking recruit. You don't have to keep telling me, Po. I think there's some hunting going on. Oh, I talked. I ruined it. I'm sorry. Speaking of the Skyliner stopping sometimes not always being the fastest mode of transportation as I'm arriving by foot to Hollywood Studios. We are seeing that happen right this moment. It's usually not very long that it stops. But it is funny that we were talking about it and now it happened and now it's moving again. Oh wow. Quite a crowd to get in tonight. And we made it into Hollywood Studios. We have no time to spare. Getting over to Batu, Star Wars Galaxy's Edge and checking out the situation. I do know the options and I don't know how to tell you this, but if we are going to pull this off, family, we might have to split up. Passing Baseline Tap House, home of one of my favorite ice water locations in Walt Disney World, where I guess it is the location home of my f some of my favorite ice water in Disney World. Anyway, over here on the left, Ice Cold Hydraulics. This is a CocaCola sponsored location. It's a cool uh snack shack booth. They have some interesting uh snacks there that you can't get anywhere else. And right next door, this used to be Muppets Courtyard, and now it's the future home of the New Monsters Inc. Land, and that is well underway, the construction. But straight ahead, this is the magical bridge that takes us from Grand Avenue to a whole other planet, a planet called Batu. Oh my gosh, our family gets to stay together. It's a posted weight of 40 minutes. That's 5 minutes under the 45 that we had to ride the ride in time. I don't know. We had to ride it in 45 minutes or less and we're going to do that. Um, there is another option. I thought I was going to have to split our family up tonight and ride single rider over here to the right. Uh, there's a cast member that will hold a sign that says single rider and direct you to the secret location to their left over here. We don't have to do that tonight. But if you're in this situation and you don't have a posted wait time of 40 minutes and you got to get your family on that ride, you do have the option of splitting up and going single rider. But we don't have to do that. We're getting in the standby queue. This is awesome. Amazing. And in 37 minutes, we were able to ride that my entire family together under the 45 minutes that we had to meet or elseun the little fuse would burn out on the on the bomb. And I don't know. Mission mission impossible. Mission accomplished. We did it. So, thank you, Disney World. This was really fun. If you made it to the end, go ahead and drop this password in the comments below. And while you're down there, why not hit like and subscribe and turn on notifications so that you'll be the first to know when myself or one of my friends comes out with a brand new video. Something we do all week. Why? Because we're serious about fun. See you next time.
