---
video_id: 5cGo2KcjnFY
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Disney for Dummies - Entertainment 🎤🎶🎭"
published: 2026-01-04
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cGo2KcjnFY
---
Disney is way bigger and more Disney is way bigger and more Disney is way bigger and more complicated than you think it is. Today, complicated than you think it is. Today, complicated than you think it is. Today, I'm breaking down Disney World live I'm breaking down Disney World live I'm breaking down Disney World live entertainment so even dummies can entertainment so even dummies can entertainment so even dummies can understand it. I don't I don't mean understand it. I don't I don't mean understand it. I don't I don't mean you're a dummy. It's, you know, it's you're a dummy. It's, you know, it's you're a dummy. It's, you know, it's like Disney entertainment for dummies. like Disney entertainment for dummies. like Disney entertainment for dummies. It's it's a bit I mean just the sheer It's it's a bit I mean just the sheer It's it's a bit I mean just the sheer size of the entertainment and the size of the entertainment and the size of the entertainment and the variety that Disney World has. There's variety that Disney World has. There's variety that Disney World has. There's the Broadway style theater shows like the Broadway style theater shows like the Broadway style theater shows like Finding Nemo, Big Blue and Beyond, Finding Nemo, Big Blue and Beyond, Finding Nemo, Big Blue and Beyond, Festival of the Lion King, Beauty and Festival of the Lion King, Beauty and Festival of the Lion King, Beauty and the Beast, Live on Stage. That's going the Beast, Live on Stage. That's going the Beast, Live on Stage. That's going to be more along the lines of the to be more along the lines of the to be more along the lines of the typical theater experience you're used typical theater experience you're used typical theater experience you're used to, except just truncated 25 to 30 to, except just truncated 25 to 30 to, except just truncated 25 to 30 minutes. It's probably the one you're minutes. It's probably the one you're minutes. It's probably the one you're the most familiar with. Now, let's the most familiar with. Now, let's the most familiar with. Now, let's shrink in size a bit. Then there's the shrink in size a bit. Then there's the shrink in size a bit. Then there's the found entertainment or what some people found entertainment or what some people found entertainment or what some people call driveby entertainment. And that's call driveby entertainment. And that's call driveby entertainment. And that's the entertainment you just naturally the entertainment you just naturally the entertainment you just naturally stumble upon. Yes, they may have show stumble upon. Yes, they may have show stumble upon. Yes, they may have show times, but it's not necessarily times, but it's not necessarily times, but it's not necessarily something you're planning your day something you're planning your day something you're planning your day around. Like that super cool band at around. Like that super cool band at around. Like that super cool band at Animal Kingdom, Viva Gaya. Over at Magic Animal Kingdom, Viva Gaya. Over at Magic Animal Kingdom, Viva Gaya. Over at Magic Kingdom, there's the Dapper Dans, a Kingdom, there's the Dapper Dans, a Kingdom, there's the Dapper Dans, a barberhop quartet, where you'll watch barberhop quartet, where you'll watch barberhop quartet, where you'll watch for a couple minutes, watch a couple for a couple minutes, watch a couple for a couple minutes, watch a couple songs, and then you can leave if you songs, and then you can leave if you songs, and then you can leave if you want. Over at Epcot, The Voices of want. Over at Epcot, The Voices of want. Over at Epcot, The Voices of Liberty. Are you planning your day Liberty. Are you planning your day Liberty. Are you planning your day around that? Probably not. But when you around that? Probably not. But when you around that? Probably not. But when you stumble into the American Pavilion, you stumble into the American Pavilion, you stumble into the American Pavilion, you get this amazing live entertainment that get this amazing live entertainment that get this amazing live entertainment that you can choose to watch or not. Now, you can choose to watch or not. Now, you can choose to watch or not. Now, let's shrink in size even more. let's shrink in size even more. let's shrink in size even more. Streetmosphere. What's streetmosphere? Streetmosphere. What's streetmosphere? Streetmosphere. What's streetmosphere? live entertainment that happens on the live entertainment that happens on the live entertainment that happens on the street to create atmosphere. street to create atmosphere. street to create atmosphere. Streetmosphere. And that street Streetmosphere. And that street Streetmosphere. And that street atmosphere could be anything to a atmosphere could be anything to a atmosphere could be anything to a magician that you would see at the magician that you would see at the magician that you would see at the boardwalk. Maybe it's Stormtroopers boardwalk. Maybe it's Stormtroopers boardwalk. Maybe it's Stormtroopers walking around Galaxy's Edge. Now, walking around Galaxy's Edge. Now, walking around Galaxy's Edge. Now, shrinking just a tad more just cuz it's shrinking just a tad more just cuz it's shrinking just a tad more just cuz it's a little more formal character meet and a little more formal character meet and a little more formal character meet and greets. My favorite meet and greet I greets. My favorite meet and greet I greets. My favorite meet and greet I wouldn't really put into a meet and wouldn't really put into a meet and wouldn't really put into a meet and greet category. This is kind of like a greet category. This is kind of like a greet category. This is kind of like a weird subset, but Enchanted Tales with weird subset, but Enchanted Tales with weird subset, but Enchanted Tales with Belle at Magic Kingdom is so great. I'm Belle at Magic Kingdom is so great. I'm Belle at Magic Kingdom is so great. I'm obsessed with it. I would call Enchanted obsessed with it. I would call Enchanted obsessed with it. I would call Enchanted Tales with Bell immersive theater. But Tales with Bell immersive theater. But Tales with Bell immersive theater. But now that we've shrunk it all the way now that we've shrunk it all the way now that we've shrunk it all the way down, let's start to build back up. Now down, let's start to build back up. Now down, let's start to build back up. Now we're talking about parades. Daytime we're talking about parades. Daytime we're talking about parades. Daytime parades and nighttime parades that have parades and nighttime parades that have parades and nighttime parades that have larger than life floats, dancers, your larger than life floats, dancers, your larger than life floats, dancers, your favorite characters, some really good favorite characters, some really good favorite characters, some really good music from time to time. And if we grow music from time to time. And if we grow music from time to time. And if we grow even beyond that, we're talking about even beyond that, we're talking about even beyond that, we're talking about nighttime spectaculars, fireworks shows, nighttime spectaculars, fireworks shows, nighttime spectaculars, fireworks shows, water shows. My personal favorite is water shows. My personal favorite is water shows. My personal favorite is Fantasmic at Hollywood Studios because Fantasmic at Hollywood Studios because Fantasmic at Hollywood Studios because it combines every single thing within it combines every single thing within it combines every single thing within the entertainment field that it can the entertainment field that it can the entertainment field that it can possibly pack into it. But why should possibly pack into it. But why should possibly pack into it. But why should you go support live entertainment when you go support live entertainment when you go support live entertainment when there's a roller coaster right next there's a roller coaster right next there's a roller coaster right next door? One, because live entertainment is door? One, because live entertainment is door? One, because live entertainment is important. important. important. It sparks collective joy almost, if you It sparks collective joy almost, if you It sparks collective joy almost, if you will. The thrill of emotion, the thrill will. The thrill of emotion, the thrill will. The thrill of emotion, the thrill of nostalgia, the thrill of seeing of nostalgia, the thrill of seeing of nostalgia, the thrill of seeing characters or hearing songs that you characters or hearing songs that you characters or hearing songs that you only have ever heard on television or in only have ever heard on television or in only have ever heard on television or in movies before happening right in front movies before happening right in front movies before happening right in front of you. And it's happening to the people of you. And it's happening to the people of you. And it's happening to the people around you as well. You're all around you as well. You're all around you as well. You're all experiencing this together. Did I make experiencing this together. Did I make experiencing this together. Did I make it weird? Did I get too serious about it weird? Did I get too serious about it weird? Did I get too serious about it? Head to all.net/planning net/plan it? Head to all.net/planning net/plan it? Head to all.net/planning net/plan for our step-by-step planning series to for our step-by-step planning series to for our step-by-step planning series to help you plan your perfect trip to
