---
video_id: VmzWFkUAAzE
channel: AllEars.net
title: "We Turned Magic Kingdom Into Our Most INTENSE Game EVER"
published: 2026-04-02
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VmzWFkUAAzE
---
We're trying to win an impossible Disney World game. It is time for an all your scavenger hunt. >> And this time it's ultimate and we're in teams. It's a bigger board than usual. >> You're being brutal. Y'all are going down. >> YOU'RE GOING DOWN. GET OUT OF HERE for life. Grandma. >> Grandma. Hey. >> I don't want to lose this one. We did walking fast. We take a picture with the I don't want to get in the way. Right here. Right here. Photo with the partner statue. I'm not getting in the way of we have to do some tasks together. Some apart. This is a bigger board than usual. There's no free space. [music] Ellen and I have discussed doing the uh block the board strategy. So, we aren't going to go for five in a row. We're going to go for blocking uh the entire board so that they can't get any five in a rows and then we will go for our five in a row. Get them on the back foot where they have to be blocking us. So, we are quickly going to move through the easiest ones we can. Um for that, I am actually headed into Liberty Square where you can see right in front of me, um the shutters on these buildings are sagging a little bit. They're crooked and that's not really typical of Disney World. Usually everything is and span, but that's actually a historical reference. These shutters are sagging because uh at the time when this land is based on colonial America, the fastening for shutters uh was typically not well pulled metal. I think it was like leather and it did mean that the shutters would sag a little bit. So, it's actually for more accuracy in this historical land, but all the shutters are a little crooked. Okay, they went for a selfie with a partner statue. I'm now going to go for try everything outside of country bears. The first square I'm going for is the original colors of M&amp;M's, which can actually be found in the confectionary. So, I'm going to look over here. Here is the original cause of M&amp;M's. You can see that's brown, yellow, green, red, and violet. And today, they're producing a spectrum of more than 24 hues. So, we can do find your teammates's home state on a map. I believe the map is underneath the train station. So, we're heading that way. Also, we are not you're not filming this during the holiday time. Um, just fun fact, it is January 14th. It is January 14th. All the Christmas decor is still up at the parks. We all as a team have decided we think they're up later this year because Disney is filming that new Christmas movie that will happen. It'll be released Christmas 2026, but we think they're still doing some overnight shoots. So, we think that's why the Christmas decor is still up. Okay, I'm on the move. I'm trying to get to Adventureland. The big problem right now is Emmer Lar Rouge is the fastest girl alive, which is going to be tough because this is going to come down to a foot race, I feel, which I don't know if y'all know, but I'm not going to beat Emma Rouge, but I have Fry on my team, which is exciting and builds a little bit of confidence in my system and my heart. So, we'll see what we can get done. Fry and I agreed. We're each going to go for a line. So that way if they block one, we've already got another in progress. We will see just how far we get. I'm going for one right now that is hopefully a little close to me. I don't know a lot of the lyrics to try everything, but I know some of them. Uh, Country Bear Musical Jamberee is the new redo of uh, The Country Bear Jamboree, where instead of singing smaller, more classic [music] songs, the Country Bears have a new lineup of some favorite Disney songs that they're singing in country and folksy styles. Um, it's a very cute show with great updates and folks do like it a whole lot. So, I do recommend seeing the Hudbury Music School Jamber if you can. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, try everything. Oh, oh, oh. Try everything. I messed up tonight. I lost another fight. The store again. I'll try everything. There you go. Last time to go. I'm outside Country Bears. This is Club 33. This is an exclusive club that you can join. Uh, it is Disney wide. So, there's four in Disney World and one at each park. It originated in Disneyland. There's others around the world. Very exclusive, very expensive. And I should be allowed to be a member because I have whimsy in my heart. I have a strong spirit, as strong as the coursing river. I am bold, courageous, and no one can quite feed the magic the way that I feed the magic. Sure, I don't have the money, but I should be allowed to do this. So, there you go. Okay. As I continue to run through Adventureland, I'm going to show you something that is repurposed from MGM Studios. And it is the Spit camels from Aladdin. Because, fun fact, these camels were actually in MGM Studios, which is now called Hollywood Studios, and it was in a parade. They were so expensive, Disney could not get rid of them. So now they sit here at Magic Carpets of Aladdin and spit on people. Lovely. I am headed to my favorite quiet spot which happens to be Tomorrowland Terrace. Now once I get there I will explain a little bit more but this actually has outside air conditioning which is super cool. Nobody's ever over here because they don't know that they can come here and it's such a great spot to sit down cuz it's no hot in the summer. I have made it to Tomorrowland Terrace which is my favorite quiet spot. Going to sit down. You can see all of these vents which are air conditioning. And you can also see there's no one over here. It's such a great spot to just relax and not have anybody yelling to escape the parks. So, it's so great. >> Okay. Okay. Hey, you know what? It's not a full map, but there's Tennessee. So, found it. Breathing hard. Kind of embarrassed. Trying to go as far and as fast as [music] I can, but I think they're going to try to block us. Quincy in particular plays games [music] all the time. They are so good. Her Emma Larouche helps make a lot of our games as our intern and really knows things. Fries genius of course and super fast and I also have some reps myself but means this is a good competition. So we're going to see how it goes. I think Quincy has in the past tried to fill the boards. I wouldn't be surprised if that's what they're doing. I'm going to try to find a leather vein on Pure Pan. I don't know. Feeling fear. Feeling much fear in my heart. Okay, I am now going for >> crocodile weather vein to claim it for me. And >> uh fantasy has a lot of very cute weather veins. And my personal favorite is actually the crocodile weather bean which is located on the roof of which you can find it uh where is it actually? Oh no that's a pirate ship. Where's the crocodile one? Okay, the pirate ship's my favorite one. Is it around the corner perhaps? Oh no, there's so many weather veins. Oh, there it is. Crocodile weather vein. Okay, I said walking the wrong way, but I am actually going back [music] this way because I am going to go get pixie dusted. [music] Ah, >> man. Quincy just blocked us in one of our rows that we're going for. She got crocodile weather vein. Okay, so let's see what can we do. And she just blocked me. I wasn't fast enough. She blocked me. So now I don't know the best thing to do. Got a segue. It's fine. Okay. I am now at the Leonard Burnstar poster which is where you can see what he is conducting. As you can see, he is conducting the Maroon Pops Orchestra. So you can actually find this poster here right next to Tomorrowland's Harris and Tomorrowland is right over here. And this is a really great theming element for Tomorrowland. It fits into the backstory. This is super cool. The Martin Pops orchestra. >> I think I'm going to go stand in line for Mickey. They're doing a good blocking game. >> I just saw Quincy. We quickly p caught past each other. And she is getting pixie dusted, which I'm not going to go wait to get pixie dusted since she's already getting pixie dusted. So, I'm going to try. I don't think she got cheer on small world boats. So, I'm gonna go try to cheer on the small world boats. It's a numbers game. She and Emma took at least one in each line so that way no one can get a line. I think that's a genius move, but as their opponent, I hate it and it makes me sick. So, I don't know what I don't even know what to do, which is why they do it. They're geniuses and I'm I'm who I am. Okay, we're cheering on small world boats. This is where you would come. Now, typically they do have signs out that you can hold up because these windows show the inside of it's a Small World and you can see the boats as they pass right before they start the ride. Typically, the signs will say things like cheer, wave, saying let it go. They don't have the signs out right now, which if you really want to do it, you can ask a cast member about it. I am in a rush, so I'm just going to wave and say good job and I'm cheering them on. >> A little bit of faith, trust the kiddos. May all your wishes and dreams uh true. There you are. >> Thank you. >> Very fun little extra bit of magic. It is free to get pixie dusted. Ask your Mickey's. Uh they just uh put a little pixie dust in your hair. Say a magical incantation. Uh and then you're pixie dusted. You'll have magical wonderful all your wishes and dreams might come true, which is pretty cool. Um, so I am pixie dusted, which does block the final column that we need to block rowswise. Uh, all the rows are blocked diagonals wise. Both diagonals are blocked. Nice. Um, all right. Now we can go for straight lines. I am headed back to Main Street. Lots of Main Street today. And I'm going to find two buildings that are non first perspective. So, if you didn't know, many of the buildings on Main Street actually use first perspective. So, that just means that they look a lot bigger than they actually are. So, even though these buildings look like they're three stories, they are not three stories. It's a cool imaginary trick that they use. But not everything on Main Street is sports perspective. There's two notable exceptions, including City Hall and Town Square Theater. >> So, I am headed that way to show off those two buildings that are not using Force Perspective. Where are you going? >> I don't know. Where are you going? >> I don't know. We're going to the Force Perspective. >> Emma, where are you going? >> Emma perspective. >> Emma, get back here. >> Emma, >> here at City Hall, this is the actual skill. And so is the fire station. Actually, that's another one that's not using first perspective. And lastly, we have Town Square Theater over there. Doesn't use force perspective. >> Oh, is she doing buildings on Main Street? Is she doing force perspective buildings on Main Street? That's going to block another row. >> My phone just went in SOS mode. So now I can't get any messages. I don't know what's going on, and I can't ask them to pause the game. And I don't want to go do stuff that other people have already done. I'm trying to connect to the Disney World website, which you can do for free. Fun fact, and you should be doing if you don't want to use all your data. Um, but it's taking a minute and it's also not the best in the world. I wouldn't necessarily say rely on it for everything, but it is there if you want it. This is the fun BTS for you. Not fun for me, and I know Fry is going to be upset, but I don't know what to do right now. And I'm not going to go do a bunch of stuff that's already been done. They're going so fast. I don't even know what's been done. So, at the very least, someone I mean, someone could have won at this point. Not necessarily true because I think we need to start blocking their lines, I guess. I don't even know. You could tell I'm frustrated though. This is very frustrating. I'm going to go find Herb Ryman and John Hench. Okay. And good timing because oftentimes the tunnel under Cinderella Castle is closed and you can't go see his mosaics. But right now, oh no, it might be roped off. Let's see if we can see it from the rope. Uh the John Hinch and Per Bryman are represented in the mosaics under the castle. The mosa might be uh I think they are in this one. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Two of the faces are supposed to be John Hinch and Herb Ryman in here. I think it is these ones who are John Hinch and Herb Ryman. Yes, that is John Hinch and her Ryman. Famous imagineers are represented in these two guys on the slipper one. I'm going to go try to say hi to Cynthia quickly. I am actually headed to find the dedication flag. I could not find it when I looked earlier. So, I'm going to sign again. It's not by the sharing the magic statue. I checked. So, don't go over there with me for Disney signature. It is not there. >> But, we know it has to be somewhere. So, we're going to find it. >> I'm trying to think if there's anything I could do on Main Street right now. Oh, I can count five fake fake flags. Okay, so the only real flag on Main Street is that one right there because they have to take it down and put it up every day. So, that one up there, that's one. That one up there, two fake. That one up there, three fake. That one up there, four fake. And five fake. So, that's five fake flags. I can also listen to tap dancing and try to recreate it because that is over here on this little side street on Main Street. One of the buildings up here. Oh boy, it's crowded. Um up here, one of the facades is like a dancing and singing lessons place. You don't hear it quite yet. You might have to sit here a minute. I am racing to try and recreate some T because Quincy has almost completed the whole room. And if you don't know, on Main Street, there's some windows that [music] say school of dance and they actually place some tap dancing outside of it. It's a little hidden gem. So, I'm going to try and listen to it and try to recreate it, which most of you probably wouldn't know, but I was a competitive dancer for 8 years and I am a tapper. So, this should be fun. That's all. Okay, here we go. This is my best. Um, it's all you get because right now I'm embarrassed. Pasta. Okay. So, it is right over here. If you look, you can see music and dance ballet have lessons. There's going to be some tab music you can hear out of that speaker right there and I'm going to try and recreate. So, I'm going to listen to it. It seems like someone Fry just blocked me. He did tap dancing. So, I'm going for signature. So, we are going to see. I know where it is. It's at the base of the flag pole. Lucky Fry might be getting it because she was right over there, which I was about to do, but Fry got in. >> Okay, there's Cynthia. Hi, Cynthia. She needs a little TLC, girl. They got to give you a little TLC. You need a wash or like a facial. I know. They just do not pay you enough for this hard work that you do. But I love you, girl. Okay, I just found Rory Disney signature is right here. Right when you walk into Magic Kingdom, right by this flag hole. Okay, so it took me a little while to get Lori Disney signature. Took me a little while to find that. But I am now headed to Liberty Square to count how many lanterns are on the ocean. >> Okay, so it's been 13,000 lbs of granite. Doing it. It's happening. That was 13,000 lbs of granite. Look at her go. But Pride locked us with tap dancing. Okay, let's see. I think that the top row is uh probably our best go right now. Um the problem is a reference to a female Imagineer is in the Haunted Mansion queue and it's a 35minute line. That said, if one of us can go get in that line and be [music] locked in in that line, then no one else can get to it first. Uh, and the other person can get the other two things as long as those are not blocked. Okay, fun fact, my phone isn't fixed, but I was able to FaceTime for it. So, we're going to rock with it. I'm gonna get my favorite Magic Kingdom snack, which is the Cheshure Cattail. It is so delish. It's a favorite. I actually had it yesterday. I'm going to have it again today because why not? We'll enjoy it and it'll be good. If you do not know, there is an oak tree in Liberty Square that is very, very, very, very, very old. It's fitting into the theming. Basically, we're going to count it, but there are 13 lanterns on it representing the 13 original colonies of the United States. So, let's quickly count. We have 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 and then we have 12 over there and 13. So 13 lanterns on this oak tree representing the 13 colonies. >> Finally leaving Main Street. I think I'm going to go to Liberty Square and count the lanterns. Um, dang it, Emma. >> She just did it. Which means she's also probably about to do knock on a construction wall. Also, in Liberty Square, there are lots of construction walls right now because Cars Land is being built right beyond these walls. So, I'm going to knock on a construction wall and see if I can hear anything. Nope. Nothing yet. But one day this land will be open and I am very excited to see what it's going to be. They got snack. Okay. Cheshure cattail. Delish. I'm going to keep eating it. But turn that around. The thing about this is any Magic Kingdom snack, it rotates which one is my favorite. I go through waves. But this is a tried and true. So, I feel like it's fair to say it's my babe. We're going to try to find the Mad Hatter's box. I don't know how it's going to go. I'm sure Quincy or Emma somehow teleported back here, but we'll do our best. [music] I am now headed to find a letter to Tiana. So, that is in the career co-op right next to She's buy you extra. I am walking fast. Emma actually just got Mad Hatter hatbox. So, they did block us on that route. But hopefully, if it's going to be a nervous game, we can still win. The Mad Hatter's hatbox is back here in the back of Toy Story in the back of story book. Now, I will say it's covered right now. Uh because Donald and Daisy are meeting over here, but it's typically with all of this luggage where Donald and Daisy are at. Let's see. Oh, no. It's on the side. I think I can still get over there. Maybe I can still see it. Bubblegum there. Hot boxes. So, in here you can find lots of exclusive Tiana's Bio Adventure merch as well as some hot sauces and spices that you won't be able to get anywhere else. Whoopsy dupes. It's not in Kurop. It's in the Bay General Store, which is actually right after you get out of the ride. It's the store you exit out of. So, I'm actually headed over there. >> Oh, I think Emma is looking for the Mad Hatter hat box. Uh, she's in Starbucks Circus. I'm going to go find her and then we can do the new pitch. I am toing a cup of orange saucer and I have to find Emer who last I heard was in Frontier Land. So I'm going to head that way before this melts so we can share it. We are headed to Bayou Store which as I said is right outside of where you exit from Tiana's adventure. Letter to Tiana. It's around here. >> Right here. >> Yeah, it is. >> This is signed by Abigail. Dear Princess Tiana, thank you so much for inviting us to the big party at your house. Please tell the musicians that they were best band. I even heard in my whole life, which is a very long time. Okay, not going to read that. But here is the letter to Princess Tiana. It is right outside of the exit to Tiana's Adventure in this store. I am now headed to take a photo with Larry's door which is right next to Quop. Right here is Larry's door. Larry is a character you can find on Tan's Bio Adventure. And I'm going to take a quick pick. >> Okay, nobody's here. So, I'm going to meet Donald and Daisy. I'm only three back in line. I don't think anyone else has met a character yet, but we'll see. Fingers crossed. >> Emma need some of this. I had a little already. So, we've now shared Jared Olive. Can you send it? >> It's pretty much numbers now. >> Yeah, >> it is numbers now. They just blocked us on our final thing. So, I'm going to go towards I guess uh Do you want to do the Haunted Mansion ones? >> Yeah. >> And I'll go towards Tomorrowland. >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> Just shared with Quincy. We only need We're at 15. It's a 36 square board, which means if we get 19, we automatically have majority and we win. So, we only need to get four more. >> So, we can do it. >> We can do it. >> Two. No. Why this time? Two mansion. >> Two haunted mansions. Okay. >> But maybe I'll do momentum. >> Do momentum mor. >> Yeah. Okay. >> Yeah. Okay. Godspeed. >> Okay. I'm headed to quickly find an artifact from the Museum of Weird as well as >> find the first female imagineer. So Museum of Weird that is in Momento Murray which is the store right by Han Mansion. And then first female magazine. Her name is Harriet and you can find a tombstone dedicated to her in the queue of Haunted Mansion. >> She came to pitch to me, but now we're just going to meet Donald and Daisy because to be honest, >> Dang, I should have pitched in line. We've been sitting here for 5 minutes. >> No, go ahead. We got 30 seconds. >> Okay, so really Casey Juniors is really inspiring me. Um, I think we should do a train with real animals in it and we can go hop in the train just like in Dumbo. And then you while you're in the ride, the story goes you're auditioning for the circus. So then at the end of the ride, you're there. It turns into Saurin. Saurin little fly of passage combo. You hop on Dumbo. You're flying around with the feather Timothy Q Mouse in the front. >> Okay. >> I think it would be great. >> Yeah. To be honest, the video says 30 seconds, so I'm going to count it. Yeah. Go ahead and go ahead and let them know. Honestly, at this point, they've probably done the board four times. But you know what? We got a treat and we're meeting Donald and Daisy. So, who's the real winners? Go ahead and tell them we're meeting a character, by the way. >> Uh, yeah. >> Yeah. Okay. right there. >> You cannot have open beverages or snacks when you meet those characters cuz they don't want to get their feathers sticking. So, you're going to have to put your stuff down. >> I think this is hilarious that you're going to meet them with me. >> I love it. >> We You can tell we're like we're going to lose. It's all about the >> Hello. Hi, Donald. How are you today? >> Good. We had to show everyone where your new spot was so that way they could find you. Yes. Okay. I'm here at Momentari and I am finding a reference to the Museum of Weird. So, right here you can see this melting candlestick. Now, >> okay. >> Originally, Haunted Mansion was going to be a walkthrough exhibit called the Museum of Weird. And an original concept for it was a candleman, which there is one on the ride, but this is its near cousin. As you can tell, it looks very similar to the candle man from the original concept. So there we go. Artifact from the museum of bird. >> I was thinking that you can't do something from 60 ft uphill getting on a bird treehouse exists. So that is where I'm going. Thank you. Okay, now we have 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17. [music] If we get two more, they count majority and we win. Okay, we've met a character. I'm not going to lie. I think they only need one more to win, but we're going to go try. We're not giving up till the the Donald Duck quacks. [music] And so I am going to try to find the movie poster or not the movie poster, the poster for the World's Fair, which is over my carousel progress. >> Yeah, that's going to be I think it's in front of the attraction. >> Yes, it is. And we're going to try to get there. >> So, hi Mitch. It's a 30 minute wait. Way too long. So, I'm actually not going to do that. But what I will do is show you this horse over here, which is actually a movie prop. Yes, you heard that right. This hearse right here, right side of Haunted Mansion, was used in a movie called The Sons of Katie Elder. So, this is actually a real movie prop right outside of none other The Haunted Mansion. Congratulations to you. I've never seen faster women on this earth other than Fry. >> Well, I'm going to say that. >> So, I think it was just me. >> I think maybe it was just me not being fast this time, but next time I won't get them. >> So, >> that's the kind of confidence we like in Emma. >> That's right, baby. Well, thank you guys so much for watching our ultimate scavenger drama here in Magic Kingdom. If you liked it, want to see it again, let us know. And if you're still here, please like this video and drop this secret code in the comments so we know you made it all the way. Plus, don't forget to subscribe. We upload games, challenges, tips, and more from Disney World and beyond all week. Why? Cuz we're serious about fun. >> See you next time, y'all. Bye. >> Thank you, Coke. Here. >> Well, thank you that Rays. Where else?
