---
video_id: C0nvDxxZO9Y
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Disney Is Not The Best Theme Park In The World"
published: 2026-03-02
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0nvDxxZO9Y
---
Does Disney World have the best theme park in the world? A lot of people seem to think so. In fact, if you actually do rank the theme parks by their attendance, Magic Kingdom is the single most attended theme park in the entire world. In 2024, they saw almost 18 million visitors to Magic Kingdom alone. But the race for top theme park in the world is a lot more competitive than you might think. What pops into your head? Likely Disney. And to be fair, Disney earned that reputation. Disneyland, which by the way is second only to Magic Kingdom with over 17 million visitors in 2024, was the original theme park. It redefined what an amusement park could be and admit to the concept of a theme park. But of course, Best isn't Universal. Oh, and speaking of Universal, Universal Studios Japan holds third place with 16 million visitors in 2024. And since best isn't Universal, there are a lot of theme parks, Disney and not in the United States and beyond that just might actually take the crown when it comes to the true best theme park in the world. So today we're going to look at those theme parks. Some of these I bet you will never have heard of and we'll go straight to the top of your bucket list like they did mine. We can go together. We'll plan a trip. We'll also talk a little bit about why Disney is still the benchmark and why some of those other parks might actually do things better. Walt Disney fundamentally changed the theme park industry in 1955 when Disneyland opened. It introduced the idea that a park could be more than a collection of rides. It could be a fully immersive, storydriven experience, something that had really never been done before. And when Walt Disney World opened and began to expand in the 1970s, it further cemented this idea that entire destinations could be built just around theme parks. And now there's people whose whole jobs are built around theme parks because they work there. or even weirder, make content about them. This approach toward a theme park could be totally reshaped the industry and started a whole cascade of other theme park experiences all around the world. But being the benchmark doesn't mean being the best. There are dozens of theme parks around the world pushing bigger thrills, bolder ideas, and innovative technology in ways that Disney simply has it. Let's start in the United States. An obvious one, Universal Orlando Resort. Universal Orlando is often seen as Disney World's rival. And with the opening of its new park, Epic Universe, in 2025, that comparison has only gotten louder. Universal, similar to Disney, Universal also has nostalgic intellectual property, immersive theming, and innovative technology. But unlike Disney, Universal prioritizes thrill and spectacle, often delivering experiences that feel more intense and daring. If you're looking for a thrill, it is very likely that you'll prefer Universal to Disney when it comes to Orlando theme parks. And in 2024, though three of Disney's theme parks did beat out the Universal parks for attendance, both of Universal's parks still beat out Animal Kingdom. Will that change with the Animal Kingdom updates coming soon? Maybe. But how will Epic stack up? I don't know. The data is not in yet. Next up, let's head a little north to Pigeon Forge, Tennessee to talk about Dollywood. Dollywood is often seen as an alternative to big corporate theme parks. It offers a unique mix of entertainment, culture, and southern charm. If you don't know, Dollywood is Dolly Parton's theme park. Yes, for real. And yes, that is as awesome as it sounds. Dollywood also has rich Smoky Mountain theming, live shows, and seasonal festivals. But unlike larger parks, the place that Dollywood shines is in its hospitality, authenticity, and experiences that feel personal and rooted in tradition. If what you want out of a vacation destination is family fun, music, and southern charm, especially in a beautiful mountain destination, Dollywood will probably win out for you. And the plan is for me to make the trek to Tennessee to meet up with my very dear friend Emma for us to make some Dollywood content for the channel. So keep an eye out for that. Oh, here's one to talk about. Legoland. There are a few of these. There's one in Winter Haven, Florida, one in Goshan, New York, and one in Carl'sbad, California. These parks are designed specifically for families with younger children. About 2 to 12 years of age is the ideal age range here. And almost every single ride is accessible to small children. That is kind of true in Magic Kingdom, but outside of that, other parks aren't quite as accessible to the young kids and it has big intellectual property appeal. I mean, it's Lego. What kid doesn't love Lego? What adult doesn't love Lego? Also, have you guys noticed how many different movies and brands and franchises Lego is partnered with? They're getting every contract there is. Everyone wants a Lego contract. I want a Lego contract. All ears Lego sets. Florida actually even has a bonus destination right next to Legoland, which is the Peppa Pig theme park. And that Winter Haven destination has an added historical element and natural element with Cypress Gardens, which is a botanical garden and kind of the first amusement park in the Orlando area. Famous for ski shows, beautiful botanical gardens, and the botanical garden is still there at Legoland. It's not really a vacation destination so much as something you would add to another trip or you'd need to live here. These parks emphasize interactivity, accessibility, and a manageable park size. With Legoland, this isn't a universal best so much as a better experience for its target audience. Also, Legoland has moved to push the limit when it comes to their technological advancement. They even opened what my friend Brit love called Guardians of the Galaxy Jr. um with the new Galactic Coaster at Legoland, which is an omni coaster just like Guardians of the Galaxy that's a little bit more accessible to younger audiences. And that's open. That's open now. Now, we talked about Universal being pretty good when it comes to thrill, but it isn't the best. There are lots of true amusement parks that are going to bring much more thrill. One of them pretty nearby to Disney World is Busushch Gardens in Tampa, Florida. It's about an hour, hour and a half away. It is named the coaster capital of Florida. Sorry, Universal. Sorry, Disney. your coasters aren't cutting it when it comes to Bush Gardens. Similar to Animal Kingdom, this one combines rides with animal exhibits, and it's known for having lower crowds and shorter wait times. One of the biggest complaints about Disney is how crowded it is, how expensive it is, and that has made it completely inaccessible to some folks, and it's made some folks make the choice to not return. In those cases, more affordable, lowcrow amusement parks like Bush Gardens can help fill that void, and might just become a new best for them. But Florida does not hold the king of all coasters because we need to talk about Cedar Point in Sanduski, Ohio. Cedar Point is known as America's roller coaster. It prioritizes ride innovation, quantity, and intensity over theming. Listen, I'm a theme girl. I love theme, but some folks just want a coaster, and that is okay, too. This is a clear example of an experience that Disney does not seek to replicate at all, and it's just not their niche. which means for adults and teens who are seeking an adrenaline focused trip, Cedar Point just might be the best destination in the world. Plus, it's also got that zoo meets amusement park experience, too. If we pop on over to Branson, Missouri, you could find yourself at Silver Dollar City. Silver Dollar City has a similar appeal to Dollywood with very strong theming and craftsmanship. It's built at the site of a genuine 1800's era mining town called Marble City or later Maros. And the current city at the park serves as a recreation of that bygone era. So this is enterainment. Eat your heart out Epcot. I'm sorry. I love Epcot. She's my girl. The park is actually built over a large natural cavern that you can tour and has a strong American craftsmanship theme. On top of that, it mixes a classic educational atmosphere with intense rides. It has a very strong guest experience and a common complaint with Disney is that it's all IP. Now, Silver Dollar City has maintained its status as one of the greats without a single bit of IP. And while we're talking amusement parks, let's talk about Six Flags Magic Mountain. Six Flags Magic Mountain is in Santa Clarita, California, and has one of the largest roller coaster collections in the world. In fact, it is the world record holder for the most roller coasters in a single park. How about that? Very minimal storytelling here, but a lot of rides. Really, it's kind of the opposite of Disney's design focusing on something completely different. But enough about the US Go International. Let's talk about the non-D Disney parks overseas. Now, yes, there are Disney parks overseas. There's Hong Kong Disneyland videos on the channel. Disneyland Paris videos on the channel, Tokyo Disneyland videos on the channel, and Shanghai Disneyland, hopefully one day videos on the channel. They're not there yet. And Disney has added a few international destinations to its portfolio without the theme parks like with their Adventures by Disney Travel program or with their cruise ships like the brand new Disney Adventure sailing out of Singapore. Either way, videos of Singapore and more videos of Disneyland Paris coming to the channel soon. Me and Emma leave very soon for an absolutely bonkers around the world trip where we will literally be flying around the world in 9 days from Orlando to San Francisco to Singapore to Istanbul to Paris to Reubc Iceland and then back to Orlando. And yes, we'll be making videos the whole time, but the best theme park in the world might not have anything to do with Disney. It might be one you've never heard of, and it just could be international because there are some bonkers parks internationally. First, let's talk about Universal Japan. Now, this one outranks every single park in the world, all of Disney's parks globally, except for Magic Kingdom and Disneyland, as the third most attended park. This is considered to be the best Universal park in the world. It has very strong IP theming featuring the original Super Nintendo World spawned clones of that in Hollywood and Orlando. Japan's version, however, remains the original and most expansive. Now, that said, other parts of the park do feel a little less themed and less cohesive compared to the nearby Tokyo Disney Sea, for instance. That said, the technological innovation and the no limit attitude of Universal Studios Japan has landed it as a favorite in the world of theme parks. It was actually even the 2025 Applause Award winner for its immersive, innovative, and highquality guest experience. But a warning, it is known for extreme crowds due to its compact layout. Also, Universal Studios Japan does tend to get new stuff first. It was recently announced that a Pokemon experience is coming to Universal Japan, though there isn't a lot of detail yet. But it did note that it will then roll out to international locations. What is it? Got to catch them all. Let's head to Rust, Germany next to go to Europa Park. Now, maybe you've heard of this one, and if you haven't, buckle up, baby. This park is awesome. This one is frequently cited by industry professionals as one of the best parks in the world. So, when it comes to those who are the theme park people, Europa wins. It is a family-owned park, and it's kind of similar to Epcot. It is divided into detailed European countries offering unique culinary experiences and architecture for you to explore. There are six themed hotels that do offer early admission, 14 roller coasters, and 100 attractions. For reference, Magic Kingdom has about 40 attractions. If you let them get away with listing things like the horses on Main Street, it's closer to like 50, but it's not 100. Europa Park also has a much higher ride capacity relative to its attendance than any Disney park. So even on peak days, wait times for major rides rarely exceed 60 minutes, while top tier Disney attractions hit 120 plus minutes like multiple times a week. A lot of people say that Europa feels like a hybrid of Disney and Universal without any IP. Not too far away in Staffordshire, England is Alton Towers, the UK's largest theme park. This park is a thrill focused park built around innovation, and it's known for pioneering unique coaster concepts and prioritizing ride experience over spectacle. It features very intense rides like one ominously named The Smiler and Nemesis Reborn. Much more intense than Disney rides. Another one with a nice historical background is that Alton Towers was built around a real 19th century Gothic mansion and historic gardens. Warning, it's extremely hilly if you happen to head to Alton Towers. A lot of walking is required. And another warning is that while this one does have a foothold as one of the best in the world, some sources claim it's declining a bit due to operational changes and financial pressures. Oh my gosh, this is probably my bucket list park. Eftilling in Katsu, Netherlands. Sorry for butchering that, I'm sure. Eftilling offers a very unique, less commercialized fairy tale focused experience. Eat your heart out, Fantasy Land. There's an emphasis here on strong storytelling, great dark rides, and beautiful nature integrated scenery. It is often considered to be a better value for money by far than Disney parks. And it's often compared to classic Disney, some of the more nostalgic feelings that people have around Disney World and Disneyland. in the tone and philosophy that the park perpetuates. They say it's the same quality and it's even open year round. Now, where we've talked a lot about parks that are best when it comes to thrill, Eftilling focuses on mood and immersion rather than thrill. As these pretty high visitor numbers had 5.6 6 million visits in 2024, which stacks it up as the 19th most visited theme park globally, which I think is notable because it's in the Netherlands and people are making a destination out of this where many of the parks that beat it are either in a theme park focused destination like Orlando or in a destination that has its own very high tourism draw. I want to go to Eptling so bad. My friend recently went to Aptling and I truly will lose my mind if I ever get to go there. Not too far away, we'll pop over to Denmark to Copenhagen for Tiboli Gardens. This is one of the oldest operating theme parks in the world. We say Disney set the benchmark and they did, but Tiboli Gardens opened in 1843. That is more than a century before Disneyland. It is in the middle of the city, right across from Copenhagen's central train station. Folks consider this a pretty nice escape from the hustle and bustle of the city, and it was actually one of Walt's inspirations for Disneyland, and you can still go visit it today. Walt is reported to have spent time wandering the park, taking notes in preparation for design and the construction of Disneyland. It has a serene atmosphere and a lot of gardens. And it proves that a park can be world class without extreme rides. Ferrari World, Yas Island, Abu Dhabi. This is interesting. Um because Abu Dhabi is set to be the location of a Disney theme park. Um too much controversy. Should be interesting. Ferrari World is home to the fastest roller coaster on Earth. So maybe the whole park is not a best, but if fast means best to you, then this could be it. If you're looking for the most intense experience possible, this may be the best for you. It represents a level of intensity that Disney's just probably going to avoid entirely to keep with that family-friendly vibe. Oh, we're going back to Germany to rule Germany to Fantasia Land. This is a ride heavy park known for experimentation. It is incredibly compact and every square inch is themed. So themed leading to a much more intense layered atmosphere where coasters weave through buildings and rock work. They frequently push new ride systems and ideas. For example, they are partners with Vekoma and Intimin engineers to create first prototypes. Vekoma and Intim are some of the most famous roller coaster engineering firms that there are. They made some of your favorites. LY, the world's first launched flying coaster features a unique seating system that rotates riders from sitting to a flying position during a launch. That sounds crazy. Another big one, Wind's Fear and Force. Our spinning coasters that include trick tracks where the entire track section tilts, falls, or bounces. These being complex mechanical risks that Universal and Disney have only recently started to brooach, uh, where they go in favor of more standard dark ride tech usually. Unlike many parks, Fantasia is famous for its highquality non-standard park food. They have themed restaurants like Rwork in Rook Park and Rootar's Tavern in Cluheim that receive high praise. All right, I've got a little special mention here. Uh, this park is not open yet, and may or may not ever be, but I have to talk about Dracula World. I'm a big Dracula fan. It's my favorite book. I love Dracula. And Dracula World was recently announced as a $ 1.1 billion dollar theme park that is currently being built in Bucharest, Romania. It is set to have 40 plus attractions across six lands, be hyper themed, come with shopping, dining, and entertainment districts and hotels. And all of that is set to sit on a 192 acre immersive destination with construction set for 2026 and opening as early as 2027. Now, that said, all the concept art is extremely AI and it just seems like a little bit too big of a promise for them to be able to deliver on. That said, it does have some really big names in the theme park industry behind it. So, we'll see. I don't know. I'm not getting my hopes up. I'm doubtful. I need to see more proof of Dracula World before I get too excited. And if it opens, I'll just move to Bucharest. So, that'll be easy. Let's really get down to the nitty-gritty of which theme park is the best. If you're part of the theme park community, you've probably heard reviewers and industry insiders claim that the international parks just do it better than US parks. And in many ways, that argument does hold some weight. Outside the United States, parks often allow designers to focus on original storytelling instead of relying solely on IP. One example is Tokyo Disney Sea, which did a lot more worldbuilding than Disney has done in years. Plus, as an easy Disney to Disney example, attractions and new lands in Tokyo do tend to have a bit more pizzazz than attractions and new lands in Disney World. and Disneyland. Also, internationally, these parks do tend to take more engineering risks, resulting in bolder ride systems and higher thrill levels. They're pushing boundaries that Disney tends to avoid. Disney likes to stick to validated and researched ride systems that have been done somewhere before or variations on things that have been done very similarly somewhere else, while international parks like to push the limits a bit more. So, yes, while Disney did establish that benchmark, a lot of international parks are doing a lot of work to evolve beyond it. So, when it comes to choosing the right bucket list park for you, it really is about your priorities. That's how you're going to decide your best. Because talking about these theme parks is a little bit like comparing apples to oranges. Every theme park has something that makes it special, that makes it the best. If you're looking for thrills, you might seek out Six Flags, Cedar Point, or Alton Towers. Whereas, if you're looking for theming like me, Disney and Universal are going to stay strong, and Eftilling might be top of your bucket list like it is mine. Oh, I want to go to Epting so bad. So, while Disney is well-rounded, that doesn't mean it's going to be the number one best for everyone. And even if it is the best for you, if you love those parks and want to feel what it feels like to fall in love with one again, then one of these other destinations within the US, maybe closer to home or tacked on to a bucket list trip that you get to go on in a few years, could be an option worth considering. So, tell me in the comments which of these theme parks moved to the top of your bucket list. And tell me your favorite theme park as it stands. Mine is Epcot, although I don't know that that's the best. I think I'm just very very nostalgic, but I'm going to I'm going to go with it. I'm going Epcot best appling top of my bucket list. Also, if you are still here, please drop this secret code in the comments so I know you made it all the way. And remember, if you want more global fun, you're definitely going to want to hit that subscribe button so you don't miss our around the world in 9 days trip that is coming to the channel soon. We upload lots of cool theme park information, tips, and more from all over the world all week cuz we are serious about fun. I'll see you guys next time. Bye.
