---
video_id: sojOABtKNUo
channel: AllEars.net
title: "This Disney World Restaurant Reopened After SIX YEARS - Grand Floridian Tea at Garden View Lounge"
published: 2026-03-28
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sojOABtKNUo
---
It's high time that high tea returns to Disney World and that it has. Believe it or not, a co closure has finally ended and the Garden View Tea Room is open. Let's head in for high tea, check out the new experience, and see if it's worth the pretty high price tag. The Garden View Lounge Tea Experience is the official name. And this room just reopened after it closed in 2020. So, yeah, a full 6 years of closure. It has reopened with a complete refurbishment with some beautiful new touches that are both Victorian inspired like the rest of Grand Flian and there are more than a few Alice and Wonderland touches as well. Atmosphere-wise, this space is very beautiful and is also very small. So, this is a super competitive reservation to have afternoon tea. The hours are very limited and the space is so small, so there are not a ton of reservations available. Make sure you are making this one top priority when you're booking those reservations 60 days in advance. And if you don't get one, keep your eyes peeled. You never know when someone might cancel, but it's definitely harder to get this reservation than some others. The tea experience here presents a British style afternoon tea package complete with whimsical touches. There are Twinings teas paired with the afternoon tea tower that has savory and sweet delights. We'll be trying everything as well as some enhancements and some of the kid options too because they let me order it. The children's afternoon tea is really geared towards kids aged 3 to 9. But as long as you pay the adult rate, you can either substitute and have the kids wait instead or get it as an addition on top as an enhancement if you're an adult and you really want it. You prepay to get into Garden of View. It is $79 for adults and $49 for kids. First thing first, the wonderful staff welcomes you in. Uh, we had a servant named Tyler. He rocked. Thank you, Tyler. And we were given these very cute Alice in Wonderland themed menus that had a list of everything that was included with our rate as well as everything that we could potentially add on if we wanted to, like caviar. Did I add the caviar? No. The caviar was $150, but I did add the cheese plate and a couple of the specialty drinks to make sure that we tried some. I paid a visit to Guardview Tea Room with one of our editorial staff, Kendall, who you may have seen in our videos before, and with a friend of ours from DFB, who's an editor over there. So, we got to try out a couple of the drinks and filled the table entirely too large with too many tea towers. Everyone gets their own little pot of tea in their own little teacup. And then the tea towers are either one person or two people, and they are heavy. I tried to move one, and Tyler had to come and help me. Anyway, the experience starts with them taking your tea order. So basically there is a list of teas in the menu but what'll happen is that your server will actually come around with a fancy Twinings box of teas open it up for you and and explain which tea is which and then let you smell the cloches on the teas. That's a great way to get an idea of how a tea will taste. So we got to smell the cloch for all eight of the teas on the menu uh to helping to help us make our decision. Ultimately we selected a bit of a variety. The orangery of Lady Gay, a light and fragrant black tea with bright citrus notes of orange and bergamont. Um, basically a refreshing twist on classic Earl Grey that Twining says is inspired by sunlit English orangeries. This is an awesome black tea. I think if you're an Earl Grey drinker, this is a perfect twist on the tea. We also tried the exotic mango and ginger, which is a fragrant blend of mango and ginger layered over green tea. This one was almost something you would expect to be more of an iced tea. Of course, tea at Garden Mutarium is hot. It's traditional, but the flavors here were very like fruity, summery iced tea flavors. So, definitely a fun option. And then lastly, we went with the lemongrass and peppermint. This is one of the caffeine-free teas. It is lemongrass blended with peppermint to become an herbal citrus infusion. Interestingly enough, the lemongrass mellowed out the peppermint and the peppermint mellowed out the lemongrass. So, neither of these flavors were particularly prominent, and this came out to be more of just a mild sort of herbal tea with generally vague like fruity minty flavors, but it wasn't very strong in either direction. Honestly, I think the most standout here was the exotic mango and ginger. The other two tasted a lot, like a lot of tea I can buy from the store. And I'll be honest, I have a lot of Lady Grey in my closet right now. This is orangangerie. This is the orangery of Lady Gay, which is different, but it's not that different from Lady Gay, which I get at the grocery store all the time. Ultimately, I only pick the one that smells best to you. That's easy. Now, tea comes out in a little teapot. Everyone gets a personal little teapot. You can get refills of the tea if you would like more. And it's poured into your teacup. It feels very fancy, and the plates and cups here are super beautiful. Just like the atmosphere of the restaurant, they've also redone all of the dishwear. And it looks really, really nice. Now, pre- tea tower. The tea tower is coming. Don't panic. But pre- tea tower we have a starter scone. The orange cranberry scone comes out. It is a square scone which I have seen before but not in a while. Typically they're more triangular. And this comes out with the traditional accompaniment you can expect from a scone being Devonshire clotted cream butter and orange marmalade. I layered the clotted cream, the orange marmalade and the butter all together and put it on my scone and it was magnificent. It was so good. Here's the thing. I'm going to give you a piece of advice here. If you're doing high tea or any meal, do not be shy with the butter. I know, maybe not that good for us, but butter is what makes things delicious. I love loading something up with butter. Can you tell I recently got back from France? I was eating a lot of butter. The orange cranberry scone itself was really well done. I think you can tell the teams did a lot of work to create like a really good crowd-pleasing scone. Orange cranberry is a really classic combination, so it has the nice like fruity elements, but I wouldn't say that the pieces of fruit in it interrupt the texture of the scone too much. It breaks apart in a pretty dry way, which is a lot of times what you see in scones. Not necessarily my favorite. I like my scones to be a bit more moist, but it is actually a little more traditional for them to crumble up in a bit more crumbly way like this one does. So, I was impressed with the scone. It voted well. So, obviously, is this going to be worth $80 a person? That is hard to say. This is not a full meal, you know. So, I I was So, I was starting off impressed. But now, our tower of treats is here. This is a three- tiered tea tower. This is the point of high tea in my opinion. I'm there for the tower. I want a tea tower to go with my high tea. So, with tea towers, you start from the bottom and you work your way up. Traditionally, so let's start at the bottom. That very bottom row, we will start with the curried chicken salad playing card tart. This is savory curried chicken salad filling topped with a cherry jalet in an almost sweet tart crust. This was the star of the tea tower. Not to start high, but it was the star of the tea tower. The chicken salad was so wellmade that like texturally it was super well blended while you still had the like meaty feel of the chicken between your teeth. And then it had the curry flavor but not in an overwhelming way where it was the sort of predominant flavor there. It just blended with the natural sort of flavors of the chicken and then that cherry jal very light but added this delightful tartness on top. I really enjoyed this. All of us at the table really enjoyed this and I think that if everything on the tea tower could live up to the curried chicken tart. Maybe I would say it was worth $80. Is it true? I don't know. Next up we have the footman's feast. This is the Wonderland salmon crisp, which is a salmon roulette on a miso brown butter crisp. Smoked salmon is really the vibe of that salmon here. It is like a huge thing, a very fancy salmon, but it salmon roulette tastes a lot just like when you get locks for breakfast. Um, with a little more additions. I was surprised by the fact that there was row on this. It added a nice briney um pop to some of the bites. And then what really surprised me here was that miso brown butter crisp. The miso adds like almost kind of like a salty umami to the bite and then the crisp was like a rice crisp, like a savory rice krispie treat. Um, and the brown butter made it kind of rich. I'm not a huge smoked salmon person. I love salmon, but smoked salmon's not for me. This miso brown butter crisp paired so well that it made it for me. So, I was impressed. I was impressed with tier one of the tower. Can it keep it up in tier two? Tier two, the Tweedle D egg salad sandwich. This is a traditional egg salad on beet and onion bread. Ah, Tweedle D, you should have let Tweedled Dum get in the kitchen. Tweedle D's egg sandwich was not for me. It was definitely on the more mild side when it comes to seasoning. It was a very bland, very basic egg salad. Um, it tasted like hard-boiled egg. Yes, the main ingredient in an egg salad, but I wanted something more. I wanted a little pepperiness, a little mustardiness, and it just wasn't there. On top of that, that beet bread, though beautiful, was quite um hard on the outer crust and not in a oh, it's crusty on the outside, soft on the inside way. It was in a like I don't know that this texturally makes a lot of sense for a sandwich. When you bit into this, all the egg kind of like gooed out the side and it was kind of hard to get a bite. On top of that, the flavors just weren't there. That said, this is a good time to note Kendall on our team, pick your eater. She doesn't love like, you know, she doesn't love bigger flavors. She doesn't love a lot of like more creative dishes. She was really nervous about this menu. She didn't think she was going to like anything. And she ultimately liked pretty much everything. So, this tea might be a little bit more of a crowd-pleaser with picky eaters, but you still get that fancier vibe than others. But if you are a bit of a foodie, you like more complicated flavors, it might not live up in every area. Just next to this, we have the caterpillar cucumber roll. Now, my favorite part of a high tea is a cucumber sandwich. I just want cucumber cream cheese on a little piece of bread and I will be a happy camper. Before Garden View Lounge closed, when it hosted high tea, it did have more classic tea sandwiches. Some were open face, some weren't. Now, they're doing more creative stuff, more photogenic stuff, stuff that looks like Alice in Wonderland, stuff that maybe feels a little more Disney, a little more exciting to be there. This was not a very traditional cucumber sandwich. It was cucumber on pepper nickel, but instead of a regular cream cheese, it was butterfly pea infused cream cheese. Now, butterfly pee is the same stuff that they use to make coloranging beverages that go between blue and purple. Um, it's the same stuff that makes the violet lemonade that's pretty famous in Disney World during the Epcot festivals. That is purple lemonade. It's a very vibrant ingredient and it doesn't have a ton of flavor, so you can incorporate it without sort of messing too much with the vibe of something. Apparently, not with cream cheese. I could really taste the butterfly pee here more than I think I've ever been able to taste butterfly pee. And I found it to be a really interesting floral almost citrusy taste, but very very light. The aftertaste was almost sort of watery and not texturally. It was like in flavor the way it diffused. It sort of diffused in such a light way that it almost went away completely. I was expecting to dislike this because I wanted a traditional cucumber sandwich. This was pretty tasty, light and delicious and filled the void of a cucumber sandwich. That said, I'm not sure it stands up to the quality that I want with the amount that I'm paying and the fanciness that I know from Grand Flian food. So, our middle tier little less strong. Let's take a break from the tower. Let's let's get away from the tower for a minute and let's talk about some of those upcharge items before we go to dessert, which may or may not be the most important part of a high tea. We went with the seasonal cheese selection, and we weren't going to do this because it was a $21 upcharge, and cheese plates can be cool, but they can also be pretty boring. But our server explained that one of the cheeses on the plate is actually a cheese that used to be served at Victoria and Albert's, an aged Stilton. That cheese, no longer available at Victorian Alberts, which by the way, Michelin star restaurant, extremely expensive, and you can only get it at Garden View Tea Room. So, we got it because we had to have the Victorian Albert's cheese. It's fancy, you know. You got to They called this a Stilton cheesecake. And that little ball on top is a little bit of red wine soaked pear. Just next to that is a purple haze goat cheese with a tomato jam. Then we have the truffle paste with an oregano bloom. And finally, the comped cheese with quinte. Fun fact, my friend AJ from Disney Food Blog calls me Quinc paste. And the seasonal fruit that was on our platter was figs. This was the star of our entire meal. The cheese plate was incredible. These were very fancy cheeses and they were all delicious. When you slid a knife through the truffle cheese, it was so fragrant that it wafted across the entire table. I'm at the table next to us could smell the truffle cheese. All four of the cheeses were decidedly different and they weren't just cheese on a plate. These were all plused up with pairings and accompaniments that went with them or the cheeses themselves were interesting in some way, like full of truffle. I also loved the fig as a bit of a palette cleanser between trying the cheeses. Hands down, this sort of lived up to what I would expect from that price tag. But the catch is it was an upcharge. Speaking of upcharges, let's talk about the cocktails. We had the Mint Tulip. This is a $19.50 cocktail made with Old Forester 1870 original batch Kentucky straight whiskey. Twinings Refreshers Peach Mango Herbal Tea and Mint. And this was basically like a mint jeulip but with tea. Tea version of a mint jeulip. I know, surprising with the name. very balanced, very drinkable, a summery vibe. Yes, I feel like I could have this at the Kentucky Derby and no one would judge. In fact, they might like it better than their traditional mint jeulip. Um, so definitely a good cocktail if you're wanting a cocktail here. The other one was the martini. Ha. This one was $18.50 and is made with drum shambo, gunpowder, Irish gin, Twinings, Earl Grey tea, lemon, and honey. This is a more common tea cocktail. You'll see a lot of cocktails that are made with Earl Grey and Jin. And I'm really happy to see that here because I think it is just more of a classic tea cocktail. Tea cocktails in general a little bit harder to find and very fun if you're a tea drinker. So, both of these were very good, very balanced, very wellmade. So, if you are interested in trying a tea cocktail, that might be a reason to swing for an upcharge. They also have some non-alcoholic specialty teas that are an upcharge as well. I'm not sure necessarily why you would get one of these unless maybe you had a kid that hated hot tea or an adult that hated hot tea and didn't want to drink alcohol because these are cold. We tried out the curiosity tea. This is Twinings refresher strawberry raspberry herbal tea with a touch of shimmering magic. I loved this. It was just Twinings like refreshers that was made with glitter, but Twinies refreshers are good. Lots of that fruity flavor packed in here without being overly sweet, but still nice and sweet. Definitely definitely sits in that summery category. But you can buy Twinings Refreshers at home, so I don't know that you need to spend $7.29 to get edible glitter. You can also buy edible glitter with Twin Refreshers at home, but I did like it. Okay. Okay. Back to the tower. We're back to the tower. Dessert course of the tower. First up, we have the Matcha Mad Hatter. This is sponge cake with apricot jam and yuzu buttercream. I'll tell you, not a lot of matcha flavor here. It did not have that green tea flavor. It did not have a lot of that greenness to it. It mostly tasted like a very light sponge cake. And the buttercream on the outside for me was the primary flavor that came through of that citric yuzu that balanced this sort of big piece of cake. Very moist, very spongy, and probably the best dessert on the tray. If all of them were like this, things might be different. I am I starting to hint too much? I'll stop. Next up, we have the Tea Party Tart. This is a vanilla tart with coffee custard and chanty cream. Very cute. Big old piece of fondant. Most people don't love fondant texturally. It's very jarring. It does not have a lot of flavor. Um, and it is a big part of this. I did take the fondant off. It was pretty easy. The little cup of mousse was really delightful. It was a really nice quality milk chocolate with just the perfect amount of mousse and some crispy pearls for a little extra texture. And then the actual inside of the tart was the coffee custard. Very rich. Not a ton of coffee flavor. Usually you get a lot of coffee on the nose. That wasn't really happening here. Honestly, if you wouldn't have told me it was coffee, I maybe would have guessed it was just chocolate. But a nice richer dessert to balance the plate. Still kind of tasted like something you could get out of a Disney bakery case anywhere around Disney World. And I don't feel like the Matcha Mad Hatter was that far off of that either. The trend continues with the flamingo croquet shoe, which had a passion fruit cream and a raspberry crunch. This one, it was by far the cutest. It was the flamingo croquet soft pastry on the outside and this really nice uh pastry cream on the inside. This passion fruit tangy. I also feel like you could get this out of a Disney pastry case, though. Sorry. I'm sorry. I don't want to feel that way, but I do. And finally, the most fun, painting the rose. This came to the table white. And then using a little spoon spatula shaped like a paintbrush. Our server painted the rose red with a strawberry sauce. It It is an Earl Grey flavored teacake painted tableside and it has buttercream. A lot of buttercream. I think to make the rose m I think to make the rose they had to use a lot of buttercream and so the buttercream definitely overpowered the cake which sucks because the cake was moist, had great earl gray flavor and was probably the most unique item on the dessert tray and the least likely to be found in a Disney bakery case except then it was just kind of covered in buttercream. And if you're an icing lover, maybe great mostly a bite of butter buttercream, but I think you would want more. Overall, did not love the dessert plate at the very top. Um, just because for the price, um, little little little iffy on the quote, just because nothing really stood out as like a, oh man, I'll think about that and want that again. And the whole table agreed, even with lots of different tastes. So, ultimately, after enjoying a wonderful high tea with my friends here in the very beautiful garden tea room, how are we feeling about is it worth that price? Well, first thing I'll say, the atmosphere and the service and the experience feels very worth the price. The experience felt upscale. It felt like I was at one of the fancier restaurants at Grand Fian. The servers were incredible and the way that they explain everything at the table, the ingredients that are involved, it all feels like a little bit more fancy of an experience befitting of that price tag. For me, at the beginning of the meal, I felt like, oh yeah, this is a good price tag. High tea is expensive. High tea anywhere is expensive. You're not going to find it for less than $50 in most cases. In most cities, uh, it's pretty difficult. So, add the Disney premium, make it a little fancier. Maybe it could be worth $80 ahead. I think the creativity of the tea tower is really, really fun. I missed out on some of the more traditional things I expect from high tea, like those little tea sandwiches and maybe a couple different flavors of scone. That said, pretty much everything on the tower was tasty and did feel like they had put some creativity behind it and definitely had a gorgeous presentation. I just think that with such a high price tag, they were very small little bites. You often get bigger with high tea and particularly with the desserts were not stand out enough to justify the price tag. What I will say, I think an excellent high tea to introduce a little kid to the concept because a lot of this stuff was a little bit more interesting high-end food that was still kind of picky eater friendly, which is really cool. And you've got the really fun Alice and Wonderland vibe that is going all throughout the experience without it being a full-blown character experience that maybe alienates that maybe makes it a little harder to go as like an adult motheraughter combo. All in whether or not this experience is right for you and will be worth your $80 spend kind of depends on your preferences. Hopefully this video has helped you make that decision if you're looking at Garden View Tea Room. I personally am just happy that high tea is back in Disney World in any form and Garden View looks absolutely gorgeous. So, high time for high tea, if I do say so myself. If you're still here, please like this video and drop this secret code in the comments so we know you made it all the way. Plus, don't forget to subscribe. We upload tips, reviews, games, and more from Disney World and beyond all week because we are serious about fun. I'll see you next time.
