---
video_id: W0AR289Kubc
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Day 14 of Trying to get Around the World in 9 Days 🪾🌲"
published: 2026-03-25
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W0AR289Kubc
---
Day 14 of trying to get around the world in nine days. >> We're in the woods. >> Sorry, it's so dark. We're walking in the woods. >> We're walking in the woods trying to get back to our cabin at the very back of our resort to where the Ubers cannot go. >> If you haven't been following along, we are in the oldest Baby Crockett Ranch cabin at the Davy Crockett Ranch at Disneyland Paris, which for some reason has no shuttle bus and also the roads don't exist to Uber. The Ubers can't get back here. >> So, the Ubers can't get back here. Also, >> there's a walking path, but none of the lights on it work. >> Okay, go on. I'll show you how good the lights look. Really good. >> Good light. >> Yeah, I am pointing the camera directly at the lights that are off. >> Yeah, don't worry. And we're in the woods. >> Yeah, really in the woods. And what's fun is sometimes you hear creatures. >> Yeah, there's critters out here. >> There's definitely critters out here. Um, and our walk's only, you know, 15 minutes. Also, did we mention it's 30°? >> It's so cold. [laughter] I can't put on my fingers. It's so cold. Um, but my flashlight >> we did learn how to turn the heat on in our cabin. So, it's on and waiting for us and it's going to be cozy. And potentially in the morning, we're going home. We might actually complete our circle around the world. Maybe 7 days late, but we might do it. >> Completing our circle. >> We really can't jinx it, though. >> No. Who knows what could happen at this point? Anyway, we're in the woods. >> Wanted to update you guys. >> Just wanted to keep you guys in the loop. >> Also, we went to World of Frozen today. Oh my gosh. >> We went to [laughter] World of Frozen >> and Adventure Way and it was really cool. >> Yeah. And you should check out the channel and you can see all of that. >> All the content. It's all there. It's all there. >> Yeah. I can't keep >> And if you don't, then we're walking in the woods for nothing. >> Please. We're in the woods. >> Please. We're in the woods. >> We're not [laughter] watching.
