---
video_id: BzQhqMZPo8U
channel: AllEars.net
title: "BUZZ LIGHTYEAR’S SPACE RANGER SPIN IS OFFICIALLY OPEN ‼️🚀☄️"
published: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzQhqMZPo8U
---
Morning from the TTC. We are roped dropping Magic Kingdom cuz it is Bday. Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin officially opens today and we're going to see if your rope drop strategy is about to change. All right, we've got a posted weight right now of 30 minutes. That's not bad, especially considering there's been 30 minutes of early entry with resort guests. Of course, the Lightning Lane is being used today for the first time with Multipass, and that time has already jumped to 45 minutes. only been out here for a couple minutes. The line is growing. And just 30 minutes after rope drop for the general public, the line has diminished a lot. It's back down to 30 minutes. I'm going to keep watching it and see if this is something that really gets low today. Maybe people don't know it's open again yet. 42 minutes since rope drop. 25 minutes now. an hour and 5 minutes after rope drop. And looks like the wait time has settled somewhere between 30 and 35. So, we're now going to get in line and let's set a timer and see how long it really takes us to get through the Buzz Light your queue on opening morning. It's just under the 18 minute mark and we're already boarding. You won't believe it. You won't believe it. You won't believe it. It's only me in here. It's only me. I'm the one that did this. Posted weight 35 minutes. We got on to this ride in 18 minutes. It's amazing that we're able to ride this so quickly on its official reopening day. A lot of people have ridden it in the last week because it was soft open, but today it's open for Lightning Lane reservations, multipass, DS, everything is open for this ride. Stay tuned to All Ears Net for all your tips, tricks, and planning advice. We are here in the parks every single day trying everything out, taking a look at how the weight times are going, looking at your rope drop strategy, which in this case so far nothing seems to need to change. I would still head over to Tron or Space Mountain. If you're doing a Tomorrowland rope drop, buzz should definitely be added to your mustos for the day when you're visiting now in Magic Kingdom.
