---
video_id: 9wWD4iYSJ08
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Disney Cruise Line Complete Tour - Disney Adventure Ship"
published: 2026-03-21
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9wWD4iYSJ08
---
All right, 30 minutes before our port arrival time, we were allowed to go through security. Interesting note about security, Emma had to take her ears off. And my water bottle has water in it, and they did not make me pour it out. We also went up to the check-in counter. We got all checked in. Magic bands, they do not do activations of magic bands, at least at check-in at this time. >> She said no magic bands here. >> No magic bands at all. We are now uh we then had to go through immigration. So they do immigration as you're doing check-in at Port Canaveral here. We had to go through a full immigration that looked just like the one we came through at the airport. Uh because we are immigrating out of Singapore as we go out to sea. The Disney adventure is right behind Emma at this time. We are boarding and it all happened very quickly and our port arrival time. They say do not arrive at port until your port arrival time. We arrived early. We arrived in We got in line an hour early. We're checking in. You're group 18. Don't go until you're called. They never called anybody. >> Nobody asked anybody. >> Just keep walking. >> Just keep walking. It is 12:37. We are getting on the Disney adventure. Also, because it is the maiden voyage, our rooms are ready. So, we are going to be able to head straight to our room, which is pretty cool. After, of course, we see the the ship. >> We also are eating like two meals immediately. >> Yeah, we we made some we made some choices. >> So nervous. >> We'll talk about it. We'll talk about it. It's we've got a lot to see and A LOT TO DO. We made it. >> Thank you. This is crazy. We're going to get so lost. Thank you. Look how many elevators there are. This is crazy. I'm scared. It's the It's the night. It's a mouse. Hold on. Don't move, y'all. There are escalators there. The ship's so big. There's escalators. Unlike other Disney ships, we were not like announced by name. We didn't enter into the Grand Atrium. We kind of just entered into some gang ways and now we are on escalators and also Captain Minnie was there. So, we don't really know where we're going. Our room is ready. I think we're going way too high. So, this video the goal is to get you guys understanding the adventure so that one, you can see what a wild ship this is as we are right now. And two, so that if you are coming, you can get a complete understanding of what to expect and not be as fish out of the water as we are right now. Uh, instead we want you to be Oh. WA I found Discovery Reef. Um, instead we want you to be really comfortable when you get on the ship. So, we are going to do the fish out of watering for you. Um, so that you can understand exactly what goes on on this ship, whether it stays in Singapore or whether it comes to the US at some point, which it very well might. These ships do move around. Might come to Europe. We never know. If you do not think you'll ever go on the Disney adventure, we also want you to get what it feels like to experience it. So, that's our goal. lamp. Is there anyone out there who can help me with some magic? Wow. Say hello to our new magnets and also to our room. And Emma, your hand is swollen. >> This is our room. So, we are in a deluxe stateateroom with a veranda. Um, we do have an interior veranda looking out over Imagination Garden. This is actually one of the pricier standard room types before you get to concierge just because those uh interior rooms. Wow. There's something about the lights here that the frame rate of the camera hates. But the lights are not flickering. Um it just looks like they are sometimes. But anyway, let's take a look around this room. It's, as you can see, pretty spacious. Pretty different. >> Spacious. >> Very changes. >> I think so as well. Very different from um some things we've seen in a Disney cruise line in the past. and also some things that are culturally specific and partnership specific for this ship. So, let's check it out. Let's start, I guess, with kind of the biggest section of the room, then we'll work our way into smaller sections. >> The section >> queen bed. >> Queen bed. >> Beautiful. Beautiful adventure blanket. Gorgeous. On >> get to sleep. >> Yes. Emma's sleeping in this one cuz I slept in the big bed on the fantasy. We had a negotiation. Um, >> I think we're happy. >> Yeah. Here's the thing about Emma. We yin, we yang. When she zigs, I zag. Like we don't do it on purpose. >> No. Yeah, we're similar in all the right ways and different in all the right ways. >> That's true. >> Thank you. Uh we have four pillows on the queen bed here. This is the main bed. Um we are going to do bed science in a second. Disney cruise beds are some of my favorite beds ever. However, we're in Asia. >> That's so true. >> And the bed could be much firmer than usual because that's pretty common in Asia. So, we will see. Behind the bed, we are in a Spider-Man room. There are different room themes all around the ship. We got Spider-Man. I'm thrilled by that. I think that is so unique and fun. So, we've got Spider-Man swinging over the skyline. We've got Avengers Tower. We've got the Daily Bugle. Then next to the bed, we have these little side bedside stations, um, which have a lower shelf, and they're small, you know, but economical with space use. Some light switches that control different lights. Maybe if I turn off some of these lights, it'll stop doing that to you guys. Yes, it worked. Um, yeah, it really struggles with these bed lights for some reason, but >> don't we all? >> USB and USBC ports as well as um charging ports. Now, these are not fully international ports. No. >> Um, so obviously, you know, USB USBC will cut it, but you'll want to bring an adapter if you can, and you want to be careful about what kind of adapter you bring. You should Emma's going to look if her adapter made it. >> I think it did not, but >> because we'll find out >> with power. I was going to say my adapter is a power >> strip. Power strips are not allowed on Disney Cruise Line and so they will confiscate them. If you have something confiscated, you can pick it up after the cruise. It's not like it's like they take it forever. >> It's gone. >> We thought it would be because it is a power strip. My adapter is not. So, we will see if my adapter made it. It's just a little adapter. So, we'll see if that one made it. >> In the past when they have taken things from me, cuz I have I've done this in the past as well. They've left a note. I don't have a note this time. H. >> So, I'm eager to see what that means >> and if it ever comes back. >> Yeah, we'll find out. >> That's okay. I've had it since high school. >> But both sides of the bed do have those uh charging ports. Then you have soft uh headboard here. And just in general, very nice space. Front of the bed. Nothing here. It's just space you can move through except for a connecting door if you do happen to do and Emma if you do happen to get a connecting cabin. Your two cabins could connect like that. Um we have curtains here. There's this little one really just for vibes. I find >> it's mainly vibes. And at the end of the day when you want to close and completely section it off. They will >> This is going to be the little It'll cover the the spacing. >> Yes. And Disney Cruise Line does have a turnown service every single day while you're at dinner. They will turn down your cabin to a night mode. Um which I love cuz it's like getting tucked in basically. And so they will section this off. So the Emma and I have our own sections. >> It'll close. It'll it'll make that nice. >> Yeah. So, full curtain here um that sections off the room. Great for if you're traveling with kids because over here we have a spot where a kiddo could sleep. >> Yeah, I was going to say or adults who get up at different times, which is me and Quincy. >> Yeah, it is. I sleep like a rock though, so Emma can kind of get up and do whatever she wants. And um over here we have a couch. Now, this couch will be converting into my bed. It's a comfy couch. I've been sleeping. We've been sitting on it. I've been sleeping. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm like I've done no work. I've been sitting on this couch a bunch while we like run uploads and work on stuff and it has been very comfortable. So, I'm optimistic about the bed, but we will see. Spider-Man's sketch on the wall behind which I love. Then we have our window out to our veranda. Now, all cabins don't have veranda. There are inside cabins. There are ocean view cabins. There are veranda cabins. Your ver can face inside the ship on this ship, >> which is crazy, >> which is what ours does, or it can face normal out to the ocean, but ours faces inside to Disney Imagination Garden, which we will see in a second. Privacy curtain. Very important because our cabin faces inside the ship. >> Privacy. >> So, I can see directly into everybody's cabin over there. >> And I can also see to people upstairs >> on the at the pool deck. They're vibing. They could look right into our room. And then we have blackout curtains for those ever important midday naps that have a nice oceany vibe on them. We're going to go outside. Quick tip before we do. The cooling in your cabin is run by this door handle. If this door handle is not locked, your cooling will not happen. And you're going to be upset and sweaty and over stimulated and you're not going to know why. >> And it's because you left this like this or you left it like this or you left it like this. Any of these things, cooling is not on in this room. No, >> it has to be fully closed for the air conditioning to work. Outside we have our balcony. It's loud out here. Although, you know what? I know something not loud in here. Pretty sizable balcony here. We have privacy dividers on either side, two chairs, a nice little table, and then this big glass balcony that looks out over one half of Disney Imagination Garden. The interior balconies can look out over Disney Imagination Garden or over Disney Discovery Cove. And some of them, the ones over there, even look directly out on the stage. Oh, like the dance party now has Chip and Dale living it up over there, which we can now see. But it's definitely very unique because we're just looking right onto the center of the ship. We can people watch and even see up to the pool deck up there and one of and and two of the four funnels. Absolutely wild. There are ships and other I have been on utopia of the seas with Royal Caribbean which you can see on our channel that does have an interior situation like this. But it is just absolutely wild to me. Lots of rules. They are very adamant that you cannot have any personal items on the veranda. That is dangerous. If something you've hung up flies down, it could hit somebody and hurt somebody down below. So, just make sure you're following all the rules, listening to your state room attendance, and go back in. Check this out. Sound difference. Okay. Can still hear it. But when I latch that, it's pretty quiet. >> It's pretty, especially once you open it and realize how loud it is. >> How loud it is. Like, I'm I can hear it right now, but a dance party is literally happening. >> Yeah. Impressive stuff. >> Yeah. So, we'll let you know if it ever becomes a bother for us at like sleeping times. I think if you're a napper, do not book an inside cabin. >> Yeah. Don't because you're going to >> It's going to be a nuisance. hear them going, "Chip and Dale, get it. >> Throw your hands in the air. >> Throw your hands, Donald. Shake those tail feathers." And you're going to be like, "I have got to go to sleep. Don't shake those tail feathers." Um, next up, we have sort of a change here. This is usually a really big vanity and the other Disney ships. Here, it's kind of this smaller uh vanity desk situation, >> but bigger TV. >> But bigger TV, >> which I think is well worth the trade-off. >> It's the same size TV as the newer ships, I think. But it feels bigger. >> Yeah. Well, it's also over here, whereas that one is here. >> True, true. It was just on the Fantasy, so it's cute. >> Yeah, the Fantasy is a smaller TV over here, but bigger TV. I definitely prefer a bigger TV in my cruise state room. Um, you have a nice mirror here, which is good for getting ready. It does have some lighting, more outlets here, um, including this outlet, which is, um, a different type of European outlet and good for I think their hair dryers run on this. Oh, the haird dryers exist. Just exists plugged in at all times. And you just have to squeeze the handle. >> That's wild. >> I don't want to hit you with that earlier, but you were working. >> Oh, >> I know. I'm really respectful. >> Yeah, I've always said that about you. Then we have uh the in room phone over here. These are fans because again, we're in Singapore. It is so hot. >> We're so tired. We've been up since 3:30 just cuz. >> Hey, Emma. Yeah, >> you've done a really good job today. You deserve a round of applause. >> Thank you. You, too. This is for you, but >> Oh, thank you. >> Not bad. So, lot of table space here. There are three drawers. The drawers do have stuff going on in them. First drawer has your security information, your little breakfast ordering forms. You can hang these on your door uh in the middle of the night, anytime before 3:00 a.m., and your breakfast will arrive at the time you indicate, which is pretty cool. This is the same one as they have on other ships, except that it has a QR code if you need more languages. Some stationary, pin, envelope. >> All the same food. >> All the same food. Um, next up we have this is a heat mat for if you have a curling iron or a straightener straightener, something hot, you can put it up here just to keep everything nice and safe and a drawer that just for storage. Then this is really interesting. So this this is the biggest change that I think is the best >> is a little table. Little table or >> get ready for it. Boom. >> Still little but bigger table. >> Bigger table but also easy to move and easy to get out of the way. >> Super easy to like I love the flexibility of this. And I'm sitting on I just sat down on it, but I'm sitting on this little poof. Both things that tuck away so easily and add so much versatility to the room. If you have room service, if you have I mean, if I wanted to work, I would get this out. If I want a side table, probably get this out. And I don't I can't remember about the newer ones. My brain is blank cuz I'm thinking of older ones, but the older ones, the tables are so heavy, they're hard to move, and you cannot get them out of the way, which is inconvenient a lot of your trip. >> I think that is true of the newer ships as I think it is, but I didn't want to say. >> So, this is awesome. >> We love this. >> Uh, also my bag, which will not be in your room unless for some reason we are vacationing together, like my mom if you're watching this, or Emma if you're watching this. Um, recycling bin, trash can. Then we've got the entryway stuff, which has a lot of interesting things going on in here. Full length mirror where you can see me do this. I just wanted you to have some sound. >> Thank you. Um, this is a little drink station. So, we have cups for water. Um, the water in the rooms you can drink. Um, like the water out of the sink, it's all drinkable. Uh, we have also Batcha coffee and tea tea. These are nicer coffee and tea brands. They are very popular in Asia and they are on board. There's full coffee shops for Botcha Coffee and a full TWWGT. and I'll tell you the tea shop has been slammed. Um, instead of having a coffee maker, you have a kettle where you can get hot water. Um, which that is one of those things that it's very an very Asia thing for the ship to have. It is a botcha coffee kettle. So, you have instant batcha coffee as well as the chich. This is your safe. This drawer is literally your safe. It just is a locking drawer. Tons of space in here. Little jewelry dish. Instructions for locking and unlocking. Then we have the fridge below. cooking. >> Pretty sizable here. At the bottom here, another big drawer for storage. And then huge closet, like absolutely massive wardrobe closet section, right, with tons of hangers. And this little section over here. I am so sorry for this light. I'm going to turn it off again. It's going to be a little dark, but it'll stop doing that flashing thing with the frame rate. Lots of space for storage here. Um, that's Emma's travel pillow that doesn't come in the room. Laundry bag and instructions for laundry if you want to get any laundry done while you're here. Really interesting thing here is that there are these little switches where you can note that your room is occupied or if you would like the room to be serviced. We're in here so we have it marked as room occupied. They will do their normal room service without you switching the service room. Please you do the thermostat um which you can't control to the cold with like six different degrees or seven I guess cuz there's the middle one. Keep in mind if you ever come in here and you're like why isn't it cold when I have it marked on the coldest? It is probably because your veranda door is unlocked. I promise. And you need to reset it after you lock that door back. Like earlier I had it on cooling. It had we shut it, locked it back, went back and it was not on the setting I had previously put it on. Yeah. >> So triple check. >> Yeah. Keep checking this thing >> just because if your room gets hot and you've been out in the sun in the Singapore sun, you are going to want this thing back cold. We're going to watch our step cuz we are heading into the first of our bathroom sections. Very impressive bathroom by the way. Big old sink here. You've got sea salt, bath soap, a black makeup towel, several washcloths, hand washing guidelines. Very important because neurovirus on a cruise ship is no joke. Any sickness on a cruise ship is no joke, but especially neurovirus. Little note for saving the planet and instructions for towels. You've got this shaver plug because it's a different voltage. Little shelf for your toiletries. Again, lots of vanity space here for a cruise. Here are your towels with that Disney Cruise Line brand. And then below the sink, we have Kleenex, extra towels, hand towel, extra little cubby, and your trash can. Incredibly impressive shower. >> Yes, >> unbelievably impressive shower for a cruise ship. Glass door here. Curved wall. It all looks like, you know, faux marble here. And then really spacious shower. I mean, really super spacious. Very high ceilings. And look how high this shower head is. For reference, I am 5 foot n 5 foot 10. Normally in cruise showers, this is like right here on me, if that. I have to kind of crouch a little bit. This is awesome for uh taller cruisers. Clothes pin, clothes line that goes all the way across this entire room for you to dry stuff. Um and then your toiletries in here. You've got little shelf. This guy can also go right here. controls for the shower, a little foot stool hold bar, and then body wash, conditioner, and shampoo. Then, of course, the other half of the bathroom is located next door through door number two where we have the toilet room, ever important commode. You've got toilet paper, trash bin, little toilet brush. Um, there's some sick bags in here, which I'm just noticing. And also, they aren't technically sick bags. They are for waste disposal, but they are here. And if you get sick in them, who's nobody's stopping you. That's never I've never done that. The way I'm saying it sounds suspicious like I've thrown up in one of those bags. >> Also, why would you throw up in one of those bags when the toilet's right here? I'm just telling you. >> Listen, when you're throwing up your panic, >> do what you got to do. Sharps disposal, hand towel, and then little sink in here for washing your hands with hand soap, hand washing guidelines, and another mirror with lights in it for doing your makeup, which is great. And that is our stateateroom. It is honestly very great. I love it. >> I'm very excited. >> Yes. Also, we uh are on that maiden voyage, the inaugural sailings for the Disney adventure. So, for several of the inaugural sailings, they are giving away freebies. We are not here for media. We are not invited. Um we have paid our own way for this that was given to everybody who's on the sailing. Big old bag and tons of stuff in here. Champagne flutes and water bottles. Emma's been like our mag with this water bottle. It's a good >> the magnets on the door. So, really awesome. Overall, pretty pleased with the state room. We'll keep you updated on noise and of course. Would you like to do some bed science with me? >> I'm I will. I'm worried I won't get back up. >> I'll get you back up. I'll scream till she stands. >> That means nothing. >> All right. Disney Cruise Line. Brand new ship. We're in the South China Sea. Maybe not yet. I don't really know if the ship is sailing. Bed science with Emma. >> Oh, not firm, which is great. Not firm. Um, it's I'm not sure as plush. Oh, she's out. Maybe >> it's not as flush as normal. It feels thinner, though. It doesn't feel more firm. It feels like thinner. >> Yeah, it's like It's still a very comfy bed. It's just It's just different than the normal Quincy pillows. Quincy pillows are plush pillows. Emma pillows are >> I thought you were going to press down. >> Oh, no. >> No. I like a little bit of a like a If you guys have ever used one of those um what are they called? My Kermy squish. Basically a squish mall. >> Sleepy time. >> Squish Malo. >> Snoozy. >> I love the Disney cuddles. That's my favorite pillow. >> These pillows are so plush. These are normal Disney Cruise pillows. I'm pretty sure your head sinks into them so much. Honestly, I'd be a little nervous about support with this one. And I'm a back sleeper. I I might use two because it is that plush. >> Yeah, it's very >> very comfortable pillow. >> Definitely be using two. >> Oh man, >> I might as well just get started. >> I can't. Yeah, I think we should just really I think we really should stay dedicated to this bed science. >> What? IT'S 3 DAYS LATER. >> NO, the cruise is over. >> Jokes on you, that's not true. We do, however, have to go to the mustard drill. >> Yeah. >> Mandatory safety drill happens usually around 400 p.m. the day you board the ship. You will know about it. They will shout it at you. Every cast member will tell you to go. >> And you have to go. >> You have to go. They stop doing They'll close everything. You have to go to this. And if you're making the whole boat wait on you >> if you don't go, they will you'll be publicly shamed. That's not even a joke. Nope. People will applaud when you finally show up if you're running late. >> They start calling out names in room numbers and I'll be honest because they scan. You should go. Just go. >> You want to go because if in the unlikely event that this ship goes down in a Titanic-l like emergency, this this is what will tell you where to go to get in a lifeboat >> and you want to know that information and you want your kids to know that information and you want your kids to know how to put on a life jacket. So go put your phone down, pay attention. You never know when something could happen. It won't. Hopefully. >> Yeah. And she's kind of saying it like it's optional. It's literally not. It's not optional. >> They will not be there. >> They will they will find you and they will make you look someone in the eyes while they put a life jacket on. >> Yep. So >> that's what we're going to do so that we don't get publicly shamed. We're going to go be there on time. >> Yeah. >> So >> Percy Jackson. >> Percy Jackson on the TV. Hey, we will be publicly shamed if we don't go to the buster. >> But Percy Jackson on TV. I guess we can wait a moment. Okay. >> I bet I can show them the ship faster than you can show them the ship. I'm already Oh, I was going to start me down. >> All right, for my first floor we're going to be talking about, we are starting here at Animator's Pallet. We are on deck five. We are in the aft and we are going to make our way all the way to the front. Now, Animator's Pallet is one of the rotational dining that you will experience when you are on board. There is a different restaurant of a similar name that they are two separate things, but this is Animator's Pallet. Um, now this one is one that I just went to with Quincy. so much fun. Has a really fun interactive show elements and can be a really great time. Now, as we continue on, we get to one of the stores here. This is a really exciting thing actually because World of Disney has made its way to the seas. So, this is the first time ever that they have had the World of Disney store on a Disney cruise ship, and they have it right here on the Adventure. This is where you're going to find a lot of merchandise, and we mean a lot. This is actually both sides of the hallway. World of Disney, you're going to find a lot of your classic merchandise. T-shirts, spirit jerseys, ears, bags, pins. If you want to purchase it, this is the place to come. Now, there going to be a few other options around the ship that you guys are going to see, but this is definitely the uh the the classic Disney stop, if you will, because they do not play about their merchandise. Now, walking past World of Disney is where you're going to get to one of our favorite bars on the ship. This is Tiana's Bayou Lounge. This is a really large kind of open mirrored space right here where you can find different cocktails. It's a bar. It's a lounge. They do have live entertainment. Uh they have a lot of seating. And one of the coolest things is if you go in the bar right here, there's actually seats inside the bar. That's where Quincy and I grabbed our drink when we were enjoying this lounge. And it was so cool. Now, across from Tiana's Bayou Lounge is actually World of Disney 2. So, this is a separate uh shop location, which kind of proves just how serious they are about their merch here. There's actually World of Disney and World of Disney, too. This is where you're going to be finding a lot of Duffy merchandise as well. There is a Duffy shop on board, but if you don't want to wait in the craziness of the line, that can grow down there. You can find almost all of it up here as well, which is really nice and saves you from a little bit of stress. This is where you're going to find um a lot of the kids and plushes, but World of Disney and World of Disney 2 have very similar items and they're pretty close. So, check them both out. So, then as we make our way to the other side, we are here at the Walt Disney Theater. The Walt Disney Theater is of course the spot where you're going to come watch those amazing Broadway style shows. And it's actually on a few levels. It's not just here on level 5, but this is going to be uh one of the easiest spots to find it. You can actually go right here and head straight on up, which takes us to deck six, which Quincy's gonna tell you all about. We made it to deck six. Lots going on here. We are starting here in the aft of the ship. Uh, also, yes, as you can see, it's easy to navigate using these interactive maps. You can find anything you might need. We're at the elevator bay, just like all the others. Uh, remember, two elevator bays on each floor, one at the aft and one at the forward. The elevator bays have five elevators on the left, five elevators on the right, and three elevators in the back, more or less. And this has been great, honestly. Very reliable as elevators go. Here in the after the ship, we are starting at Navigator's Club. Navigator's Club is one of the six rotational dining restaurants on the Disney Adventure. Now, most of the time with the Disney cruise, there are only three rotational dining restaurants, and you will rotate through the three on your three nights, sometimes doubling up if your cruise goes longer than that. On this ship, there are six. Now, we are on a three-ight cruise, so we only saw three of them. However, they are sister restaurants. So, Navigator's Club has a sister restaurant in Hollywood Spotlight. And Hollywood Spotlight and Navigator's Club have the same menu and the same general experience. Let's talk Navigators Club. This spot is supposed to be a bit of an adventurers ship captains sort of club. So, you got lots of art of Mickey and Friends and their Navigators outfits. The dinner experience here is a character meal where you'll hear live jazz as well as see all of the characters and they might briefly come by your table which is pretty cool. It is Mickey, Minnie, Donald, and Daisy in nice and glitzy outfits. The rotational's food focus is pretty much all kind of a combination between Eastern and Western fair. You can find some pretty unique options. The sister restaurant here is going to be Hollywood Spotlight, which is the one we went to, but Navigator's Club is open for sitdown breakfast and lunch during the cruise. So, that's actually how we got to experience it. Just next door to Navigator's Club is Buccaneer Bar. This is a Captain Hook themed lounge, and the cast members call it something of a speak easy. It's tucked off to the side, not too easy to find, so a lot of folks just kind of have to stumble upon it or go seeking it out. It does have a lot of Captain Hook theming, and the drinks are going to be kind of piratey with a nice rum focus. I definitely recommend stopping by this spot. We saved it until the very last night of the cruise, and I regret that deeply. Across the hall from Buccaneer Bar, still passing Navigators Club over here, is Marvel Style Studio. Marvel Style Studio is a really unique offering on this ship that is a makeover Marvel experience. It's like Bibbidity Bobbidity Boutique, but for Marvel characters. And the best part about this is it's not just for kids. Yes, of course, your kids can do it. You can pick out your Marvel character, get your face painted, and get a matching t-shirt or for kids even a matching costume. And I spoke to a cast member here that says the hope is that they will have adult costumes as well. So for you to be able to do a full transformation into a Marvel character on board. I did do this. I got the ghost spider makeup and I I was like the most famous person on the ship for the entire day that I had my spider makeup on. Everywhere I went, people were like, "Spider-man." And I was like, "Yes, hello. It's me, Spider-Man." Um, I had a lot of fun doing it. Honestly, it is an upcharge experience and I think a little silly, but really fun and really unique. and for me kind of fulfilled my dreams of being of getting a Bibbidity Bobby Boutique makeover, which I can't do because that has an age gap. So, I did love this. It's so good. It's so good. I love it. Hey, I've done the Marvel Style Studio, as you can tell. I chose Ghost Spider because I'm wearing pink already. And this is the the look. They do hair as well. There's purple and white in the hair. And I uh I think it's pretty good. This is the best thing to happen to me today. I love it. I'm just having a lot of fun. >> I love it. >> It took what, like 20 minutes? >> No, babe. >> 30 minutes? 45 minutes? >> We've been here for 52 minutes. >> I was sleepy in that chair. >> Yeah, we've been here for a hot minute. I will say I heard her say there's something in this. Um, this I think this is one of the more detailed ones, especially compared to some of the ones we saw around. Anything that's going to be half face or full face, >> she'll take you. You also get two things with it. >> Yes, >> with the package she got. >> Yep. >> Marvel style studios pin. Cute. >> Very cool. And then this we thought was just a coin purse. Oh, it's not. What is that? I don't know. We're finding out together. Oh, it's a bag. >> Oh, that's nice. Oh, that's nice. Cool. They love a bag. >> Bag that you can take on the go. Like every single character also has one. >> Yeah. Is that what those were? >> Yeah. >> Oh, >> and then it makes a little tote. >> So, >> very cool. >> Spiderded up basically. >> Well, now you have a place to carry your Label ears. >> That's true. Well, Label's carrying them. Oh, true. You're so right. >> I'm Spider Lina Bell. >> She's Spider Lina. >> Spiderbell. >> Spiderbell. Another very fun thing to note about Marvel Style Studio is that in the evening it does become a venue for um adults only alcohol tastings, which there was one just now happening. Um so they did the whiskey tasting in there. So it becomes like a kind of secret meeting spot um for one of the liquor tastings on board. Now, you can book things like that, tastings, and the Marvel Style Studio on your Disney Cruise Line Navigator app. The Navigator app will show you all of the offerings during your cruise, whether it be at port, though Disney Adventure does not currently go to a port. It just sails around the South China Sea, so it's mostly onboard fun as well as spa and fitness. Onboard fun could be things like tastings. It could be things like the Marvel Style Studio or Bibbid Bobby Boutique, or it could be reservations for the quick service restaurants, which we will talk about, or for the attractions, which we will also talk about. Now, we're heading into Town Square. This is one of the seven themed areas on the Disney Adventure. You can think of these kind of like theme park lands. This one being the princess themed land. As we walk into Town Square, we're going to find ourselves at Royal Court. Royal Court is kind of this open space. It does have a beautiful princess theme. Look at the ceiling in Crayob, all the different princesses. This is a spot where you'll find a lot of onboard activities. We saw a lot of origami folding happening here. Um there was live music with a live violinist. This is also where the royal gathering will happen. Royal gathering is an experience of the princesses where you can make a reservation. It is complimentary, but it is reservation, first come, first serve, and you get to meet three or so princesses uh without waiting in too much of a line. So, it's great for kiddos. This is also a spot where you can find an upcharge experience called Royal Society for Friendship and Tea, which is an upcharge tea party with the princesses for ages 3 to 12, accompanied by their parents. And each young royal will receive a special take-home gift designed just for kids. Now, it is uh currently 1:00 a.m. on the last night of the cruise, and this is the line for guest services, which is brutal. But, you know, it is the very first cruise that we're on, and there are going to be issues if you're ever sailing on a maiden voyage, just because they are getting used to new things, and that is very much the case here. Guest services, however, is located here. If you are a Disney Cruise fan, you might be used to there being kind of a star bronze statue in the Grand Atrium. Now, this ship doesn't have a grand atrium. So, instead, we have the bronze right here in the form of Snow White at her wishing well. This is uh one of the most beautiful uh centerpiece statues I've seen. It is funny that it's just in front of the guest relations, but she is so pretty. And she goes with the nearby Spellbound. Spellbound is an evil queen themed lounge. Yeah, it's pretty cool. There's lots of really awesome details in the theming here, and the drinks are all inspired by a little bit of villain. Their most popular drink is $70 and comes in a giant witch uh holding an apple glass. This sold out on the first day of our cruise. Um so, we actually didn't get to grab it. If it is something that you want, make sure to head to Spellbound quick to make sure that you get yourself a giant $70 witch. Even if you don't want that though, this is a very cool bar um with some very cool drinks and I think a great spot to spend a bit of time during your cruise. Next up on deck 6, we find ourselves at Enchanted Summer. This is another of those rotational restaurants. Enchanted Summer is themed to two different sidekicks actually. We have the Maximus dining room over here, which is themed to Tangled, and we have the Olaf dining room themed to Frozen. Now, you will either be assigned to Enchanted Summer or you'll be assigned to Pixar Market, which we will check out. They are sister restaurants, so they will have the same menu when you go. Atmosphere and Enchanted Summer. Super cute. Um, very princessy. And that menu is going to be a mix of the Western and Eastern flavors here. This is the most basic of the rotational dining restaurants. There's no show element. It is just come, you sit down, you eat. Food was pretty good. Also, during the day for breakfast and lunch, this is a buffet. So, there's a breakfast and lunch buffet where you'll find, you guessed it, a mix of eastern and western offerings. Uh, and don't worry, if you go to breakfast on the final day of your cruise, you can and will find true Mickey waffles. Um, and there's regular Mickey waffles every day of your cruise. Now, as you can see, this is something that's a little complicated about uh the Disney Adventure. This ship was originally built for a different cruise line and that cruise line went bankrupt. Disney purchased that shell of a ship and did all of this work on it to turn it into a Disney cruise ship. Because of that, it's going to have a little bit different of a layout than what you might expect from Disney ships. One of the things that happens is that there's a lot of places where you have to cross through like an entire restaurant to get to somewhere else on the same deck. It can be a bit confusing to navigate, especially if you're used to Disney ships. Uh, and in general, it does make the experience feel a little different. In some ways, a touch more clunky. In some ways, just different. But as we reach the forward on deck 6, we reach a very important location, and that is Walt Disney Theater. This is where you will see the major Broadway style stage shows on the Disney Adventure. At this time, the two shows that you'll see are Disney Sees the Adventure, where Goofy goes on a little bit of a well, adventure at sea, and the brand new show that was developed for this theater, Remember Me, which is the love story of Wall-E and Eve. Uh, taking you through to see a bunch of different friends from different Disney movies. There's a Coco scene and a really incredible scene with the princesses. There is a difference in how the shows in the theater works and that difference is that you may be assigned when you will come and see these shows. These theaters cannot accommodate enough people for it to work normally. So normally on a Disney cruise ship you just go to the show that's the opposite of your dinner time and there's two shows in a night and that's it. That can't work. So what they have done is that you will automatically be booked into a showtime and there are more than two of the shows and the shows might happen on different nights. So, we were scheduled to see Remember Me tonight, whereas some of our friends saw Remember Me last night, even though they had the same dinner seating as us. It helps to make sure everybody gets a chance to see the show and that theater doesn't fill up and no one gets kicked out and left out in the open. And reservations are very much a thing on this ship for different experiences because of the way things flow. But this one, during the maiden voyage, we were just auto booked into it and didn't have to do any sort of work or anything. we just open our navigator app and already had the time that we were supposed to see the show. So, it's not too tricky or difficult or anything like that. And of course, if you ever have an issue with the time you've been booked into something cuz maybe you have a dinner reservation or you want to do something else during that time, you can always talk to guest services and they will do their best to accommodate you. I forgot to tell you this is also home to Premier Sips and Snacks, which is the counter where you can grab some popcorn, some drinks for your showtime. Hello, we're back. Deck 7. Emma, we're starting here at the forward. Deck 7 has quite a bit of stuff going on. And we are going to start back near the Walt Disney Theater. Have you heard about it? I bet you have. Going from the Walt Disney Theater first. Right outside, you're going to find Pig's Photoshop. This is where you're going to be able to come and check out some of your photos that you've taken throughout the ship and maybe grab a few extra special touches. If you need any help with your cruise photos, this is going to be the perfect place for you to come and get some help from cast members who might have a little bit more information. All right, now we are continuing on and one of the first things we're going to pass. Disney Studio is one of the spots where you can come and get some portraits done, some pictures taken, and have a really nice time when it comes to posing for that vacation photo. You can also find Bibbidity Boppity Boutique on deck 7. And this is where your princes and princesses can get their full makeover to look their absolute royal best. You can also get pixie dusted here, although when we did ask, they were pretty jam-packed and asked us to come back later and we weren't able to. So, something to be aware of. I will say this is on every Disney ship, but they did have some unique dresses um that were a little bit different for Cinderella, Aurora, and Jasmine. So, might be something unique if you've done this before and want something different. Here it is. We finally made our way over to the lounge. This is a multi-functional space where there is a bar inside. Um, if you want to enjoy some There's going to be some coffee right in here. Um, there's a bar inside. This is kind of a multiunctional space where you can find right now karaoke is going on. There was towel folding classes earlier. Actually, our safety drill was in there. So, a lot of things that you can find in D lounge and you should definitely check out the navigator app to see what all they're hosting throughout your cruise. Inside D Lounge, you're also going to find Royal Studio. That is the counterpart to the Disney studio. More photos and places to pose for your best pictures. Now, inside D Lounge, you can also find the private karaoke rooms. Yes, they have private karaoke rooms on this ship, and Quincy and I had the absolute blast and pleasure of booking one. Now, it is not included in your uh vacation fee. It is an upcharge and it's a pretty pricey upcharge. You get it for 90 minutes and then along with that you get popcorn, drinks, water, um and you get 90 minutes of pure fun and pleasure. Is it pricey? Yes. Did we have a blast? Also, yes. And you can see some of that here as we're chatting. >> Starlight folks like me on a job FROM 9 TO 5. >> CLOSE your eyes. >> Make a wish and blow out again. a little drive. >> You guys take it. N >> break. Little break. Everyone take five. There's some confusion for you. See my roommate. >> Girl, your wish >> is mine. >> All those days chasing down a day. These things are sent to try us. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> She's crying. >> Oh my gosh. That's right. Don't cry. Can we get her some tissues? Thank you. And a drink. And a drink. A drink over there on us. On us. Yeah. >> Also on deck 7 is where you're going to find some of the fancier shopping experiences. This is Diamond and Wishes. And if you are looking for maybe some very expensive jewelry, a nice Cardier watch, anything that really says, "I'm here to spend a pretty penny," this is going to be your place to come. You can also find some pretty fancy beverages over here. First is Botcha Coffee, which we are absolutely obsessed with, and Quincy and I have been multiple times. This is a chain throughout um Singapore and other parts of Asia, but it was new to me and Quincy. You can come in and buy your coffee. You can have a very nice coffee experience or you can get it to go in some very fancy to-go boxes. Right next door to Bucha Coffee is where you're going to find TD Tea. This is another uh very popular brand, but we are thrilled to see on this cruise ship. Not only can you find some delicious tea over here, they also typically have pastries as well as to go teas that you can take. You can also come in for some all day dining at this spot. They offer different menu items and they even have a full tea time if that's something that you're interested in. Both TWWG and Botcha also have an extensive offering list when it comes to different teas and coffees that you can purchase to take home. Now, they are um I would say on the pricey side of things, but I am a big fan of both brands now post Disney adventure. Um and so if you want to take a little bit of your vacation home, that's going to be a really fun way to do it. Now, for the most exciting part of Deck 7 and frankly almost all of the Disney adventure, we're going to head to San Francisco Street. This is on the aft side of things. And there is a lot kind of squeezed in to this really incredible area. The theming here is insane. The activities they have are endless, it feels like, and I think you'll be able to see why we have fallen in love with it. Now, there are tons of different themed little areas in here, but there are different attractions that you can check out. One of which being Edge. Edge is that pre-teen club. So you're not quite young enough for those club, but you're not quite old enough for Vibe, Edge is going to be the place to go. If your kiddo wants to come hang out in Edge, this is the spot for 11 to 14y olds who they can hang out, make friends, and play a lot of games. It's a ton of fun, and honestly, Quincy and I both were obsessed with the theming. Now, before I talk about what's across from Edge and around this area, I am going to talk about Vibe. That is the other kind of teen. This is the teen club, the other kiddo section um on San Francisco Street. Now, here at Vibe, this is for the older kiddos, and it is themed to a retro lounge, which is I think maybe the best Vibe they've ever made. This is for kids aed 14 to 17 where they can make friends, play games, watch movies. Um there's a lot of fun things going on in here. And even if you're not somebody who typically likes to try something without your family, at least come check it out. Look inside, see what all you can do. Now, across from Edge and Vibe is where you're going to find the Big Hero Arcade. This is themed to Big Hero 6, which all of San Francisco Street is, if I in case I didn't mention that. There are a lot of things that you can find in this little area. This is kind of a family gaming lounge. It has video games, high-tech experiences. You're also going to find the Baymax meet and greet here. One of the first things right here is the hero training zone. This is where you're going to find your full body movement tracked with different uh body gaming experiences. Super Fred Kaiju Chaos is where you're going to race through the city streets on these fun screens. You can play as one or two players. You can also find GoGo Racers, which helps you follow an ever quickening rhythm as you race through the streets. And honestly, Quincy and I struggled with that one. It was a lot of fun, but we did not do well at it. Honeylemon Chem is where you can play ball blast and match bubbles. Um, again, one or two players. Finally, for the games, we have Wasabi Speed Slice. You're going to slice and dice in this game. One or two players. And honestly, kind of reminds me of Fruit Ninja. Looks like a lot of fun. This gaming area, though, is I think it's been packed every time we've been in here, and people seem to have a really fun time. Now, I will say you need to make sure that you have your key to the world card with you all the time, but especially when you're in here because you have to scan it to play the games. They do keep up with your scores, and if you want, you can try to go for the highest score on these bad boys. In this little area right here, you're actually going to find Baymax, but he's he's asleep for the night. He is away in his suitcase. And then sometimes, if you're lucky during the day, you can book a meet and greet with him. You have to do so on the Navigator app. You cannot just walk up and meet him and get in line. You're going to have to book that meat experience, but he will be right here in his garage waiting for you when the time comes. Alleycat Cafe is going to be a bar and kind of coffee shop situation that you're going to find in here. Quincy and I stopped by. They had some really interesting cocktails and drinks. You can also grab some snacks, some sippers, whatever your heart desires. And it's a very cute because it has a lot of little tiny nods back here to Aunt Cass and the rest of Hero's family. Continuing down San Francisco, you can kind of see a lot of the details that you'll find throughout this area. It is so amazing. Every single one of the storefronts subsidedly has a little nod to Baymax. Now, I've been able to find almost all of them. I won't spoil too many, but it's very cute. There's also a lot of seating areas and places to relax, charge, and just kind of catch a vibe, if you will. Here is my personal favorite spot on the ship. This is the Duffy and Friends Shop. This is where you're going to find all that crazy Duffy merch that you've been hoping and dreaming about. This is the first official Duffy and Friends shop at Sea. And frankly, I think every single cruise ship should have one of these. You can find headbands, plushes, stickers, keychains, magnets, anything your heart desires for Duffy and his friends. They each have their own little section, so you can kind of shop based on character. I actually love Duffy Bear. Of course, this is mine. I have multiple keychains, headbands, merch. I love him. But I've never actually bought my own Duffy Bear. So, I bought my very first actual teddy bear, Duffy Teddy Bear, on this trip here, and I'm going to be giving it to my new nephew, who is not born yet. I don't know if I can say his name, but he's not born yet. So, we're going to find out. But this is very fun and sweet and personal moment for me. Across from the Duffy Friendship, you're going to find the National Geographic store. If you are looking for that National Geographic merch, that Nat Geo t-shirt, this is your place to come to. Um, they also did when Duffy was super super busy, send people over here to check out. But if you need backpacks, bucket hats, water bottles, some nice essentials that you don't want to buy just because you have to buy on the cruise, you want to buy something that you can actually keep and use for a long time. This is going to be a good spot to do that. And then finally, at the very end of San Francisco Street is where you're going to find Baymax Cinemas. This is the going to be the movie theater um spot. Every single Disney cruise ship has one. This one doesn't just have one or two. This one has four different cinemas. You could actually choose to go in left or right. And you can see cinema 2. Peek in and then cinema 1. They were playing tons of movies from literally all almost all waking hours during our trip. So definitely check this out. Zootopia 2 classic. This is a really neat area and a lot of people when they are cruising are kind of like I don't want to spend my time watching a movie. You're wrong. Come in here. It's super cool. Um, and the theaters are obviously themed to Baymax. So, it's a very nice fun time. And that completes deck 7. We'll see you on eight. I will see you on nine. Welcome to deck eight, baby. This is where it's at for the kids. Kids, you listening to me? Hey, this is for kids. Kids eyes only. Mom and dad, you can keep watching because there's good information here, but this is really for the kids. You're gonna want to see this, you guys. First up, we're at the spot for the littles. This is the home of It's a Small World Nursery. It's a Small World Nursery is for kids 6 months to 3 years of age, and this is a reservations required system. Um, actually, they all are, so you want to make sure on your first day on the ship to come and get your kid registered. But this is a really cute small world themed nursery for those little little babies to play around. And I during the open house saw some toddlers having an absolute ball in here. Uh speaking of toddlers, there's also Mickey and Minnie's Captain's Deck, which is a more toddler geared area as well. Um both of these are together. Typically, Captain's Deck is a part of the Greater Oceaners Club, but in this case, you can find it over here. Speaking of Disney's Oceaners Club, this is where the kiddos will hang. If you are coming on a cruise with your kids, bring them to Disney's Oceaner Club. Register them with the staff here. And then kids can come and go when Disney's Oceaners Club is open. When they're ready picked up, you'll get a text from the staff to tell you that, hey, your kid wants to come hang out with you again. And there's tons of incredible spaces in here for them to hang out in, plus great activities for them to do as well. Disney's Oceaner Club is up for ages 3 to 10, and the one on the Disney Adventure has Walt Disney's Imagineering Lab, Andy's Toy Box, Fairy Tale Hall, and Marvel Web Workshop. All of these are really awesome themed spaces, particularly that Marvel Web Workshop, which is a Peter Parker's workshop themed space and has some awesome interactive games. Personally jealous of kids that get to play in here. I would say that it is equally as good as the Oceaners Club on the Wish class ship. So, Wish, Treasure, Destiny. This one strikes me as just as like exciting, immersive, detailed, um, with as many fun activities. Guess what? We have some more of that navigation weirdness because Oceaner Club is located in the middle of deck 8. We cannot walk through it because it is closed. And most of the time, Oceaner Club will be closed um, for walkthrough because the kids get to be in there. So instead, we actually have to go down or up a deck, go past Ocean Earier Club, and then go up the other stairs. So that's what we're doing, karaoke. Good news, we've made it to the escalators, which will get us up back to the deck eight where we're trying to be. While we're passing them, I'm going to take a look at how pretty these murals by the escalators are. Oh no. Oh, it started. Well, that was wild. They're motion detect. Wo. Okay, now we're on the other side of Oceaner Club and you can see probably the coolest photo op I've ever seen on a Disney cruise ship. We have the photo op with Molir. This is built in. You can come and try to lift Molir. Let's see if I'm worthy. I didn't think so, but it would be really cool if I was. This is the back side of Oceanir's Club right here. So, we are now on the other side of that and can continue on to show you the final location here on Deck Gate, which is Hollywood Spotlight Club. Remember, this is the sister restaurant to Navigator Club. So that experience is going to be live jazz singers as well as a little bit of a show from Mickey, Minnie, Donald, and Daisy. They do dance on the stage with the jazz singer and basist and pianist. Oh, it was incredible. And then all four of them do come out into all the tables and come by and say hi. It's not like a full character meal like the parks where you will get a ton of dedicated time with them at your table, but it is a quick stop by from each of the characters, which is more character interaction you get during a meal than is typical of Disney Cruise Line restaurants. This was my personal favorite of the rotational dining. The atmosphere of this restaurant is unbelievably gorgeous. I felt like I was on the Titanic, but like if nothing bad had happened to it. And also Mickey was there. The the performance was incredible. And on top of all of that, I had, no joke, the best steak I've ever had on a Disney ship. And that includes extremely fancy upcharge adults only restaurants. I had a steak at Paulo, the upcharge adults only restaurant on the Fantasy 2 weeks ago, and the steak I had included in my cruise fair at this rotational dining restaurant was as good, if not a little bit better. The filt minion here is incredible. Has a peppercorn sauce. Oh, I loved it. In general, the basic food on the ship has been the best food on Disney Cruise Line that I've ever had. There's a lot of things that are clunky about this ship. But I think because of the fact that they have to please a more international audience here with the sort of like Asian customer base as well as people traveling in has meant that there's just so much more variety, so much flavor in all of the food. Everything that I've had has been really, really, really well done. And I even spoke to a friend who said that he spoke to a Singaporean woman who owns a restaurant business in Singapore, a successful one, who said that she's been impressed with all the Singaporean food as well and the Asian gear dishes. Just really cool. The variety on the ship from a food perspective is great and the quality has really shocked me. There are only two things worthy of note um outside of the stateaterooms on deck 9. One is animator's table. very similar experience that you're going to find uh next to or similarly to Animator's Pallet. This is going to be a rotational dining option. You're going to get assigned one or the other. It's not the end of the world if you get one. If you want to try the other, um they're very cool, very fun. Um similar dining though. Nothing that will, you know, blow your mind, knock your socks off in a way that the other one won't. I'm also realizing I told you we ate at Animator's Palette. We ate at Animator's table. I'm pretty sure a we're tired and b that goes to show you very similar. Also on deck nine you're going to find the medical center. Now hopefully you don't need this. You're never going to have to know where this is at, but just in case you do, it's better to know than not know. On the forward side of deck 9 is where you're going to find the medical center. This is where you're going to head if you have any medical problems, any questions that you might have, or even if you were just feeling seasick. They're going to take good care of you. They Okay, buckle up, y'all. This is a big one. Deck 10. There there a lot going on on this deck. So, we're in the after the ship where we will head out to another of those lands. This is Disney Discovery Reef. This is a, as you can see, ocean themed area. It's themed to a lot of the more oceange geared characters. Finding Nemo is a big one. You can see Dory right here. And then there's a lot of like blue lighting all day and just kind of an underwater vibe. This is where you can see sort of the interesting thing about the layout with the adventure. It is an outdoor courtyard and all of these are stateaterooms that face interior in the ship. So, we can't see any ocean from here because the ocean's on the outside of the walls. It's pretty wild. Um, this area, Discovery Reef, is home to a lot of fun. We have a couple quick services here. Cosmic Kebabs is one of the quick services. This is themed to Kamla Khan, M Marvel, um, the first ever Muslim American superhero in Marvel comics. And you can find real Donner, real Shawarma here. Uh, that was, I thought, pretty darn good. Lots of different fixings. Now, with these quick services, you do need to make a reservation a lot of the time. This can be done in the Navigator app. It is not tricky to do, and there was lots of availability. It's kind of like getting a mobile order return window in Disney World. It's just in the onboard fun section. And if things are ever slow, you might be able to do a walk-in. Although we did find that even when things were a little slow, they liked to ask us to make a reservation right then. So it was still easy to eat there when we wanted to. Next door we have Treasures Untold. This is a gift shop. It is themed to the Little Mermaid. I honestly recommend kind of stepping in here and checking out the trinkets because they have a lot of little mermaid themed trinkets in the windows. But this is a great spot to grab a couple of spa care items as well as the Singapore Disney collection with a merion and some obviously a wide variety of Disney cruise line souvenirs. Across the way, two interesting spots. One, Stitches Ohana Grill. This is another quick service. It's geared more towards burgers and hot dogs. Um, and Emma had a burger that she said she would compare to the stack burger in 1971. It was so good. Which is quite the take. The Goshu Jang burger. Next door to that is the Ursula themed bewitching boba and bruise. This is actually a nice snow which is a tea chain uh in Asia and you can get boba milk teas as well as different fruit smoothies, tea smoothies and things like that. That is an upcharge spot though. Technically a deck up from here but I will call it out is Tivera Porto. Tivera Portoo is the Luca themed sports bar. So a great spot to catch the game if you're missing it while you're on your cruise. It is such a cute spot. It is open air and looks out over this whole area and it's going to have some more like Italian inspired drinks. We really enjoyed the atmosphere here. Then on my right here we have Mike and Sullies. Mike and Sullies is the fancy upcharge restaurant on this ship. One of the two. Uh it is a Japanese restaurant and it has three different uh ways you can reserve and different meal experiences. There is a tanyaki restaurant, a full $200 Omicas, nine courses, and just a regular Japanese steakhouse reservation. If you just do that one, you order all cart. Emma did experience this, and she really, really liked it. Uh, the atmosphere is fun, but pretty swanky still. Um, and the food was incredible. She thought they were doing some really interesting stuff food-wise. If you're a Disney Cruise fan, you might be a little bit more familiar with Paulo. There are two Paulo offerings on this ship. One is the very small Palo Cafe. But the thing about Palo Cafe is that you can get some specialty coffees, a lot of specialty drinks, sit out on this beautiful patio, and you can even order a few items from the Palo menu. The uh Palo Cafe menu does have a couple of items from the Palo menu. So, if you can't quite make it into Palo, but you still want to maybe try a little something, you could come out and try some of the offerings. Maybe a Paulo pizza at Paulo Cafe. But if you want sort of an iconic Disney experience, you could head to Palo Trateria. This is the ship's Paulo location. Paulo is an upcharge adults only Italian restaurant known by many to be an incredible experience across the entire Disney Cruise Line fleet. This one is going to be pretty familiar when it comes to Palos. It's got the brunch, it's got dinner, the menu is very similar um and in many ways exactly the same to what we've seen at Palos on other ships. The unique thing about Paulo is that it is two stories. This two stories high. It is beautiful in there. And a fun fact is uh when this ship was being built, it was actually supposed to be a nightclub and they turned it into the incredibly beautiful palo that you're seeing. Next, we find ourselves we find our bar is located here. This is a pool bar that has a number of like, you know, more refreshing pool drinks. And this is kind of a nice hidden spot. Not a lot of folks come back here. And you're going to see there's tons of gorgeous seating back here. All of these cushioned seats all the way up. And you can see this incredible view of the back of the ship, plus a pool here. And they do have a screen. You might see some stuff in your navigator app happening out here. The biggest one being Moana Call of the Sea. This is a Moana show where Moana is joined by some live actors and dancers to tell her story of helping restore the heart of Teiti. It was a beautiful show with live singing and really incredible performance using the water in this pool and some really cool puppetry and dance effects. Really loved the show. I definitely think make time for it. But my warning is when you do it. Make sure you are sunscreened up. Whenever you see any of the shows on this ship that are in an outdoor venue, make sure to be sunscreened up. That sun comes directly down and you will sweat and you will burn. But luckily, none of the shows except the ones in the evening run long enough for it to start being a problem. And the ones in the evening are not in direct sun. We're saying goodbye to Discovery Reef because there is probably the most famous part of the ship that we have to go see next. Crossing through a little hallway with some fun Disney art. Ooh, and some pretty lights at night. Uh we will find ourselves in another of those themed areas. Disney Imagination Garden. Oh, it's so beautiful at night. Look at that. Okay, so as we walk out, we are finding ourselves in the centerpiece of the ship. As you can see, we're in another of those interior courtyards with rooms on either side. Emma and I do have a room facing into here. And I'll tell you, the noise proofing is not perfect. I think I could nap through it, but I am an easy sleeper. If you want quiet, I do not recommend booking one of these rooms. This is the Garden Stage. The Garden Stage is home to a lot of the star shows on the ship. To give you a quick runthrough of them, we have Duffy and the Friendship, a show where Duffy and Friends, voiced in English for the first time, uh, use the power of teamwork to build their very own friendship. There is an exercise class with Baymax and Hiroada, which was so cute and fun. Of course, Sailaway happens here. And the star show that happens out here is Avengers Assemble. This is an incredible Marvel show that is a can'tmiss aspect of the cruise. >> And don't worry about a thing because it looks like smooth sailing. Heat. Heat. I just saw Avengers assemble. Y'all, this show is unbelievable. I cannot believe they're doing this on a ship. It is clearly the equivalent to their like Pirates of the Caribbean spectacular, but with way more special effects. Way cooler. They are I mean, the Avengers are so many Avengers are here. So many Avengers are here. They are flying. They are fighting bad guys around the ship. They fly over your head. Spider-Man and Scarlet Witch come in over your head. They're fighting. Things are exploding on the stage. And then the Avengers just keep coming. And there's even a part where things are a little dire. And Deadpool shows up and starts fighting alongside them. The fight is incredible. The performances were incredible. The visuals on the screens were incredible. The pyro was incredible. The special effects, everything was incredible. It was the perfect show. I cannot believe that that show is just on this ship. It's just going to be sailing around the South China Sea. That's the only way to see it without seeing it through camera. That is an unbelievable show. Cap all off with Deadpool doing his byebye bye dance. I'm losing it, man. I'm so glad I have Spider-Man makeup on. This is the only way that my energy can be fully captured in this moment. That show was incredible. Hands down the best Cruise Line show I've ever seen. And it's crazy that they don't have something that cool on the Disney Destiny, which is literally the Marvel themed ship. That was awesome. Nearby, we've got the two other quick services. One is Mowgli's Eery. Uh, this one is going to be Indian Fair. I found this to be very, very good. This was my favorite that I tried. Um, I would liken this to Indian food at like the one of the best Indian restaurants in my hometown. So, I'm sure there's better Indian food out there, definitely. But I thought it was amazing. And we have Grandma Tala's Kitchen. This is going to be a build your own bowl spot. has a mix of sort of options, but the focus is kind of on more of a like Chinese and different Asian dishes, but there's a few different options here on create your own bowls. Now, with all the quick services, there actually aren't drinks in those little restaurants. The refreshment stations are located outside nearby. On Disney Cruise Line, uh sodas and teas and coffees, not exciting teas and coffees, but basic sache teas and coffees are included, so you can just stop by here anytime and get what you'd like. One of my favorite things about the garden stage and the reason I think this functions so well for a show venue is this sort of tiered seating that's here in the back. It makes it so that a lot of folks come back here to sit and then the folks who want to stand can go up really close to the garden stage up there. Last but certainly not least on this deck is the spa infinite bliss spa at sea which offers spa treatments, thermal spa with walkthrough experiential showers, heated louners and aroma therapy steam room and a dry sauna. This also has a fitness center with a juice bar, wellness consultations, a meditation room, and dedicated spaces for activities such as cycling and yoga. Hello. I'm here to talk about the deck 11 section, but I'm actually on deck 10 because deck 10 is where you have to go to get to a lot of the deck 11 offerings. So, the way this one works is we are on deck 10, but technically if you come over and take these stairs right here, um it's going to take you to deck 11. This is Tavern Portoroso and this is the Luca themed sports bar that you're going to find on deck 11. I'm also realizing it's raining as we walk through here. We have been so lucky. This is the first time it's rained on our cruise. That's crazy. I kept thinking, what's spilling? It's because this is open. Another one of those deck 10, but you kind of have to go up the stairs. So, they're calling it deck 11 offerings. We have two more and they are over there on the other side. And we're going to get to them. But right now, it's raining and I don't want to walk that way. But I guess I will for the love of the game. Now, the two things that you're going to find on deck 11 outside of the ones we've already talked about, the one is Garden Bar and Castle Collection. Now, they are actually right here together. This is Garden Bar topped with Tinkerbell. This is kind of an outdoor graband go situation. You can also sit at the Garden Bar, if you will, and grab some very nice uh cocktails and other specialty beverages. And then Castle Collection, sorry, I just got soaking wet. Castle Collection is going to be a very small shopping location that you can find right here that has plushes, hats, headbands, and then a few like minuscule items like shoulder plushes, bags, and slap bracelets. Now, Garden Bar might be small, but we were really big fans of it. Honestly, we really like the drinks. They were pretty unique. And then Castle Collections is tiny. There's not a ton on deck 11 that you're missing. And if you can't find it, it's because you probably have to go on deck 10 to get up to deck 11. All right, we've skipped a bit here because a lot of the decks 12 through 16 are pretty much focused on guest rooms. However, got to tell you about Fairy Tale Fresh Laundry. This is the laundry space. There are irons, there's laundry. It is a 24-hour self-service laundry facility, and you can operate washers and dryers for a pretty small fee. You can also purchase detergent and dryer sheets, and the ironing is all complimentary. Um, but that is all accessible on deck 16. Um, you just kind of head down one of the hallways, follow the signs, and you can find it. Now, we're up here at deck 17. This is going to be a little bit different from the last few we've talked about cuz there's stuff here, which is super exciting. So, deck 17. Part of this I can't even really show you, but I'll show you where it's at. In a way, you are a concierge guest. This is where you're going to find the concierge clown here on deck 17. Um, this is where you're also going to find those concier stateooms and suites, different ones that are inspired by Thor, Frozen, Aladdin, and The Little Mermaid. You can also find the concierge royal suites here, which are Elsa royal suites and Anna Royal Sweets. You're also going to find three wishes in here. This is concierge specific shopping. Um, it has a lot of similar items that you can actually get in other stores with a few different things that only concierge guests have access to. You can also find Palace Treasures. It's very similar to Three Wishes in the sense that it is concierge exclusive. So unless you're concierge, you're not going to be shopping in here. Concierge guests also have access to their own fitness center and spa. So lots of nice pretty perks behind me. But I'm not concierge so I can't show you. Now we are going to go outside and this is where things get fun. If you're looking to take a swim, take a dip, or maybe grab a bite or two, Deck 17 is going to be the place for you to come. If you're looking for a more casual swim, something familiar, nothing too exciting, but fun nonetheless, you're going to head to Sunnyside Pool. You're going to find two whirlpools on either side of this guy. And this one is very popular for families, especially with parents who are looking to actually get in the pool and not just be like in a splash pad. On deck 17, you can also find Woody and Jesse's Wild Slides. Now, these are two different slides. They are side by side and both have a little bit of a different experience. One is themed Woody and one is themed Jesse. Right in front of the Woody and Jesse slides is where you are going to find the Flying Saucer Splash Zone. There's bubblers, fountain, water buckets, and slides, and tons and tons of fun. This one was packed every day that we were in here, and guests really seem to love it, especially kids, of course. Here in the center of all of deck 17, this is where you're going to find the Toy Story splash pad. This one is for our toddlers, and they are pretty strict on the age, so it can't just be anyone hanging out in here. This one is for kiddos 4 years old and younger for lots of fun, chill, splashing, and playing. On deck 17, if you're looking for something fun and easy to snack on, you're going to head over to Pizza Planet. Pizza Planet finally come back to life. Our dreams, we've been waiting for you. Obviously, there's a few, but this one is another version. This is just walk up pizza. Very easy to grab, easy pull food. While we were here, they had five different kinds of pizza. They had a barbecue chicken, four cheese, pepperoni margarita, and a plant-based sausage pizza. You can also find a few different places to grab a beverage on this deck, and one of them is bounce and hops. Classic, easy, nothing to really write home about. Deck 17 is also home to the Toy Story Place. Now, Toy Story Place is kind of really the entire deck, if you will, uh the pools, but this is also specifically the Toy Story Place seating area. This is where you're going to find that classic funnel vision if you're looking to watch a good classic Disney movie or maybe a fun Pixar film. They were playing some excellent movies today and a lot of people were stopped and watching, but none of them were sitting in this sitting area because it was directly in the sun. So, I don't know that this is going to be the busiest spot during the day, but at night we can see this one filling up pretty quickly when it's not raining. It's actually raining right now. for your ice cold sweet treat in that classic Disney soft serve on deck 17. You're going to head over to Whezy's Freezies. This is actually a really nice walk up self serve location. When we were here, they had several flavors like strawberry, chocolate, and vanilla. Just the classics. Nothing crazy, but that is subject to change. The other bar option that you're going to find on deck 17 is going to be Market Bar. This is very similar to all of the other bars on the ship that it does have its own unique menu. There are some Pixar more geared drinks, themed drinks, um, but not necessarily going to be the most impressive bar that you have to go out of your way for. Now, this one's going to have a lot more options than Bounce and Hops on the same floor. So, if you're looking for something more exciting, this is going to be the spot, but very similar to a lot of the other bars and offerings. Just a few different drinks. Finally, on deck 17, we are ending with Pixar Market Restaurant. This actually serves a kind of two purposes here on the cruise. One is it is the rotational dining option. You're either going to get this one or you're going to get enchanted summer. Um and then during the day it is the casual breakfast and dinner spot. They have seated dinners and then they also have breakfast and lunch buffets. There are tons of different themed rooms each to different Pixar films. And honestly, Quincy and I both were blown away by this one, especially when it came to the detailing. The food was pretty good. And if you want to find out more about that, as well as the drinks, bars, and everything else, you can check out our full food video all about what we ate and drank on the Disney adventure coming to the channel. Are we at the penultimate deck? Well, I have some things to show you here. So, first things first, I'm going to show it to you on my little map here because I can't get in. But this opulent spa elements at C section back here is concierge only. There is a concierge spa and fitness center located up here that folks staying in this whole section of the ship. That's the concierge lounge three stories high with that fitness center and that concierge exclusive spa at the top. But we are not in concierge and maybe you are and that's awesome. Maybe you're not and maybe you would instead like to see some stuff on the pool deck. Happy to oblige. First things first, we are here on the jogging track. Um it does go just kind of around here. It's not like a full mile and it's also not kind of a clear jogging track. Um, but this is where you are expected to jog. Emma took you through a lot of the Toy Story pool with the slides and things like that. So, we are actually going to cross the deck to check out hands down the coolest part of this whole ship and unfortunately also the biggest disappointment of the maiden voyage uh at Marvel Landing. This is another of those themed lands and yes, this one is Marvel themed. All right, Marvel Landing. This is the ride section of the trip. Yep, you heard me. Rides. There are three rides at sea on the Disney Adventure. Now, Disney has their first ever attraction at sea with the Aqua Mouse on the Disney Wish class. Uh, this brings that to a whole new level. It is not a souped-up water slide like the Aqua Mouse. This is a whole area of the ship with actual legitimate rides. First up, we are passing here Pim Quantum Racers. Uh, I'm going to work us up in interest. This was the worst of the rides. It is a sevencar attraction where you drive a little car around this track. You are not allowed to race. You are not supposed to pass other cars despite its name being pimp quantum racers. But the idea here is that Scott and his daughter Cassie race these little cars and Cassie has used some pimp to size them up, let you guys in to race in the cars as well. Um, I honestly didn't hate it. It was fun. You do really control the cars. It is pretty finicky because uh if a car crashes into the wall, which they can because they are completely by user error, then they have to stop the ride, come out and re and push the person in their car until the the car can resume its path. So, it's a little clunky. Um I had a good time with it, but I would say if you find yourself not grabbing the reservation for this one, don't stress too bad. Speaking of reservations, all three of the rides do require reservations a lot of the time. On our trip specifically, those reservations dropped around 600 6:30 a.m. and stayed available a lot. So, I was it wasn't like a stress of trying to book them up. Now, obviously, after a few hours, they might start to book up, but yesterday in particular, there were times available for the attractions pretty much all day. Also, after 5:00 p.m., they opened them up to do walk up. So, if you didn't get an attraction, you could come and walk up after 5:00 p.m. We did just get like messages in our navigator app that explained all of this. So, it was super easy. My favorite ride that I got to ride was Groot Galaxy Spin. This is mini Dumbo basically. Uh, but it's has a little bit of added fun with Rocket and Groot having a little bit of commentary and talking and Groot is of course uh playing the music on the ride, getting the ride running. Super cute little ride. And on the day we boarded the ship, it was really easy for us to just come and get in line for this and like basically walk on. Neither of these two rides are particularly good rides on their own, but the fact that they're at sea makes them interesting. And I thought the group ride was really fun and really novel that it was at sea. I think since you're on board, do them, but they definitely aren't incredible. Now, what might have been incredible, but I don't know cuz I didn't get to ride it, is Iron Cycle Test Run. Iron Cycle Test Run is Disney's first ever roller coaster at sea. And it is the longest coaster at sea, period. Not just in Disney, on any cruise ship. It is 820 ft long. The premise of the ride is that you are test running in Tony Stark's Iron Cycles. Um, of course, you know, you're good at testing. You get two laps on this thing, and the experience actually changes between the two laps. You sit on an iron cycle. You can have two people on one. You sit two people to a car in those little cars that you can see right up there on the loading platform. This one I think if it if reservations do drop will be very competitive for our cruise on the maiden voyage, it never came up. Pretty big disappointment because this was one of the star things of the ship and a lot of folks have said that it was a major disappointment for their cruise. I think it might be why that guest services line is so long tonight. That said, it is a maiden voyage. Things are always a little wonky on the first voyage on a cruise ship or the first year a ride is open. I mean, think about Rise the Resistance. It just is a bummer because this is such a centerpiece and nobody on the main voyage got to ride it. I saw it test from the corner of my eye last night one time. But I'll tell you more about it because odds are this thing is going to get working, get a whole lot more reliable over the coming months. It does have a minimum and maximum height requirement. You can't be over 6'5 to ride this. But it's really cool because this track looks awesome. You are going all around the deck. You're tilting and angling. And the first time you ride it, uh, it's just a normal ride. You know, uh, ride is controlling the speed. You're going faster and slower at different times. The second time you ride, you actually get to control the speed that you're going, which is so cool. I really wish we could have experienced this. It just seems so unique and fun, and it really sucks they weren't able to get it up. They did try the entire cruise. Every single time we came over here, which was a lot, there were techs working on this ride. There are still techs working on this ride right now. The safety spiel is still running because they are still trying to get it working in time for the next cruise tomorrow. Fingers crossed for those folks that it goes up and I can't wait to hear all about it from them. Uh, from folks I do know who have ridden it, it is very, very fun. So, it's pressure wash, but I found myself at Infinity Bar and Infinity Pool. Now, you might be wondering if this is the adults only area because it does kind of have that vibe. It is not the adults only area. In fact, this ship has very few adults only areas at all. Some of the bars and such become adults only after a certain time, but there's no adults only district and there's no adults only pool. That said, I do think that is a cultural thing. I don't think that's something that's as sought after by the target market for the ship. and kids were up here, but it did not but it was not disruptive at any point that we were here because the area is still sort of adultgeeared in vibe. It doesn't invite like a ton of play and running around and there's all the cool slides and stuff that the kids I think prefer on the other side of the pool deck. That said, this whole area is a part of Marvel Landing. It does have that really cool Marvel theme to it. The infinity pools, there's like four little sections of them. They look out directly over the ocean and we saw them at sunset and it was gorgeous. Plus, you can kind of hang out in this area with a beverage from Infinity Bar. This is an Infinity Stone themed bar that has drinks themed to the Infinity Stones, which is so cool. If I wanted pool time on the ship, I think this would be my usual haunt. I wonder whose burger and hot dog that is. And that is a full walking tour of the Disney Adventure. I also just recently learned that you're not supposed to say the Disney Adventure because ship names are like our proper names. So, I've learned you're supposed to say that was their first that's a full tour of Disney Adventure. I don't know how I feel about that, but I did learn it. Now, I'm going to go back because it is time for us to debark in the morning and we will talk about the debarcation process. Plus, if you didn't know, Emma and I are on to our next stop in our trip around the world in 9 days. We are on to Istanbul tomorrow. >> We've disembarked. It was an adventure. >> It was an adventure. It was pretty easy this morning to get off the ship. We basically we did express walkoff. So instead of using the luggage tag they give us where you have to go when your luggage tag is called, we just walked off as soon as the ship was cleared at 7:00 a.m. because we had to get to the airport, which is where we are now. >> So yes, we are at the airport. Overall, I think the big question we want to answer with the Disney is, is it worth flying all the way to Singapore to go on this ship? And the answer is kind of complicated. we've discussed. The answer is like the ship itself is not a reason to take 30 hours of travel to go on the ship. It is a cool Disney cruise ship. I think it needs some time to grow into itself and get its operations under control. So, I think it'll be a much better experience in a year. That said, I think it was the best food I've ever had on Disney Cruise by far. No contest. Um, really really loved the entertainment and some of the best entertainment I've seen. >> Incredible detailed theming. >> The theming was awesome. The It feels like a theme park in many ways. And it's definitely, I think, worth seeing at some point if you have the opportunity. The reason I would say it's potentially worth doing is because Singapore is such an incredible place that if this is your reason that you might >> might go to Singapore, do it. Like if if that sounds interesting, plan a trip. Do 3 4 days in Singapore and the cruise. I think that that is the most incredible idea for a trip. You know, spend your 4 days getting all your like using all your energy to see Singapore to the fullest and then go recover on a cruise. >> Relax and enjoy. Yeah, >> I couldn't agree more. >> We loved it. I agree. Let it grow. >> Use this as your excuse to try a new place. >> Yeah, that's what we do. >> But that is the adventure. Hopefully this video was helpful. Helps you see the new ship. If you are still here, please like this video and drop this here in the comments so you know you made it all the way. Plus, don't forget to subscribe. We upload all sorts of stuff from all over the world all week because we are serious about fun. See you next time. I
