---
video_id: 6Xgs7euV9MY
channel: AllEars.net
title: "We Tried To Travel AROUND The World In 9 Days (Everything Went Wrong!)"
published: 2026-03-31
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Xgs7euV9MY
---
I was supposed to circle the entire world in just 9 days. In the end, it ended up taking 14 days and an extra country. It was uh rough at times. >> Good morning. >> Good morning. It's pitch black, but we're here. >> It's 4:07 a.m. >> Good morning. >> Good morning. >> Good morning. >> It's 4:07. >> 4:07 a.m. Day one. >> We're on our way to the airport. Our first leg is from Orlando to San Francisco and it leaves at 6:30. >> So that is a 4:30 a.m. arrival at the airport. We're at airport number one. >> All reliable. And by that I mean all unreliable. >> We're here all the time. >> Orlando International Airport aka MCO. We're on a really long escalator. We have to check Emma's bag. >> Sorry. She keeps apologizing for having a checked bag, but I'm going to be the one apologizing when I have to put stuff in her checked bag later. >> I know I'm gone longer, but it just bothers me. >> Yeah, her trip was a lot longer cuz she came in for the festival. She's been at my house for a couple of days already. So, um, but I think we both packed pretty well. I went on this trip with my friend Emma. And the reason we were going all the way around the world in 9 days was because we were set to go on the maiden voyage of the Disney Adventure. This is Disney's newest cruise ship that is sailing out of Singapore. We've had this on the docket for a while. It was supposed to happen a few months ago, but the ship ended up getting delayed to March. So, that is why our sailing was supposed to happen in March. We had that all booked. Everything was set. And then we got a call from Disney that invited us to preview the brand new Adventure Way and World of Frozen in the new rethe park in Disneyland Paris. Walt Disney Studios Park is becoming Disney Adventure World. And we were invited to preview the first new section of the theme park that is opening very soon. It might be open. I think it's open. The catch, we were supposed to get off the ship in Singapore on March 13th and the preview for the event was March 14th. Can we make it from Singapore to Paris that fast? Spoiler alert, it's a no. Things went wrong. On March 6th, we set off for our trip around the world. I've been calling it my Mellin trip. At the time of filming, lots of TSA delays. Luckily, uh both Em and I have TSA pre-check and it was a breeze. We were through in just a couple of minutes. We went and got some provisions. I got a peanut butter protein shake from Freshens. I'm going to take a lactade. Guess what? I got on crustables and this little meat and cheese thing or cheese and crackers thing. Um I didn't want any food that I knew I'd regret not eating. >> So I also got an uncrustable. It's in my my kangaroo pouch of my hoodie >> where they belong. >> Joey. It's by Joey. My my Uncrustable. >> Um we got these seats that are front row view of our gate. We will not be missing any activity at the gate. Uh also it is excruciatingly hot in this airport. So hot. I washed my hair cuz I was like, I don't want to. It's going to be such a long day and I need to wash my hair as late as possible. It's already up. >> Yeah, mine's Mine's up immediately. It is so hot in this airport. You got to layer up for travel cuz I guarantee you are ready to like shed layers. >> Yeah. Or layer them on. I guarantee we are going to be on a flight today or we're going to be on a flight at some point in our around the world trip >> that is a bajillion degrees and we're going to be on one that's4. >> Yeah, both are true. I have a blanket in my bag. Yeah. I also >> and a sweater to add to this. Yeah. But mainly I didn't even want to wear this shirt, but I wanted you guys to see social part of it. >> Yeah. All our social fun if you It's on the website, but we might not have pro yet. You can buy it now. >> Yeah. If you do cool things like traveling and like hanging out, making jokes and going to your house. >> Going to your house. If you go to your house, >> go to your house, you need this. >> Great shirt for going to your house. >> First flight. We're in the seats. We are in economy for every flight this week. So, this is what it's really like. Travel around the world on the lowest budget you possibly can. >> We are doing it. We have done crazy flights before, but we were younger. >> And you might think, "Girls, you're so young." We are. We are so young. >> We are so young. It's so right how young we are. But I think it's going to I think we're going to notice a difference. >> Also, our longest flight ever. Very close to being the longest flight in the world is included in this trip. >> And obviously, we've never done that. >> Yeah. We're now currently perusing the movies to pick out what's our favorite thing. >> Mhm. >> Oh, you should watch Demon Blood, too. >> You know what Ty told me I should do? >> What? >> They start the Lord of the Rings series. >> My gosh, you should because you've never seen them and you should so watch them. >> You should watch Lord of the Rings. Do they have them? >> I don't know. They do. >> If they have them, you should just watch them all because >> watch Frozen. >> FAA regulations require you to follow the instructions of our crew members and comply with all posted. That first flight was 6 and 1/2 hours long. We made it on our first stop in San Francisco. I played um Skyrim for 20 minutes and got motion sick. And so then I switched to a new game called Esoteric EB >> which I played for I would say 3 hours or I played for about 2 hours and slept for 3 hours >> in my cocoon. I know it's hard to tell but I am there. I I just want to preface this by saying there are no rules when you have a travel day like this. You will want food and things at random times and there's just no rules. >> I want desperately want a fileo fish from McDonald's. He called me a weirdo and he stopped texting me back. So, we are in San Francisco. This is SFU. We are very briefly here. Our layover was originally 50 minutes. Luckily, our flight got in a little early. >> Yeah. But we are walking to the international terminal now um so that we can set off for Singapore. We are taking a 17hour 40inute flight. Around 18 hours is about the longest flight you can take in the entire world. And we are doing 17 hours and 40 minutes. So this will be the longest flight we've ever taken. >> We've been to Hong Kong together and Tokyo together. And this is much longer than either of those flights. My >> trip will be fine. >> My knees already hurt. I was about to Google what to do for your knees on a plane. By the way, our United app was like, "Good news. You don't have to take a train. It's uh right next to the terminal right next door. You just get to walk." And you're right, we didn't have to take a train. But that means we're walking. We're sweaty. We're going to try to get a bathroom break and a snack. And we're going to see how that goes. Emma's putting on her compression socks. >> Quincy has hers on already. >> I do. I've been wearing them since about 2:00 a.m. This prevents swelling on a long haul flight. You're going to think I don't need that. You do. You're lying to yourself. >> If you're doing a flight longer than 8 hours, I would put compression socks on. >> I've also used these a shocking amount of times. I'm missing a nail. >> You're joking. >> This has been great. If part of our videos are manicures in Singapore, you know why. Um, we did get a little snack. This is from a restaurant called The Asian Box. They don't have really any chain restaurants. The entire time we were walking, we passed one Burger King >> and everything else was more like local or a little different. This is their brunch box. Uh because it is morning despite the confusion of my body currently. It's like 9:00 a.m. and that's only going to get worse. So, how was that plain rice you just ate? >> Rice. We got 5 minutes. So, >> yeah, we're going to eat. Bye. Flights are a lot easier when they are over 12 hours or under five. It's that kind of like honestly the 8 to 12 hours sort of that worst ratio. Um but when you go above 12 hours, time stops feeling real. You're just kind of like I guess I live here now. and you get settled. At least that's what happens for me. >> This is flight number two. This is the big one. She's like moved in already. She's got her extra headrest. Her foot swing is set up. I have it pulled up right now. I have my embroidery. Going to make Quincy a bookmark. >> She's going to make me a bookmark. >> I have six of you. >> All right. >> Yeah. My TSA approved scissors. >> Yeah. >> Very nice. I didn't expect this to be a deep embroidery tour dive. Well, you bet. >> You're right. You're right. And when you're right, you're right. >> And you have >> um it's my pillow. That is my blanket that will turn into a shroud that will protect me from all things. Um right now I don't really have anything else out. This is my Rogue Ally, which is my gaming console. Got my eye mask. Got my turtleneck pillow. Yeah, we've got a kit. >> This is one of our big tips. Neither of us want wine at this time, but this will help put us to sleep. But you have to get water with it. water there. My water's here cuz otherwise it'll make your flight worse. >> We're trying to knock you out. We're ready to do what is safe. I already took mine on the tote. I played my game and I slept and somehow 18 hours passed. Oh, and I read I finished Withering Heights. I finished Withering Heights 9:00. >> And if you're wondering what day it is, we left on Friday. It is now Saturday at night. Um, we're confused. >> There's a lot going on. And also, I want to update you guys. If you see me in this for the next few days, it's because they lost my bag, >> my big bag, but I've got all my important stuff. So, it's really not the end of the world. It'll be here tomorrow. So, if we come back to the airport, that's why. That was our first big hiccup of the trip was that we traveled for 30 hours and Emma's bag did not. We are in the Singapore airport. Um, this is Chongi International Airport. We're going to get on that moving walkway. Our travel so far about 28 hours. So, we're we're looking at roughly 30 hours of travel for getting to Singapore. Um, if that sounds daunting, >> well, it is. >> It is. However, I have never felt like it's as bad as you would ever expect. I did get up and stretch once. Um, >> once. >> Yeah, I know. That's crazy of you. >> I didn't mean to. You kept sleeping. Amazing. >> Yeah, you are out, dude. >> Just let me let me sleep. Oh my god. You took you took sleep stuff. >> I took two melatonins. The brand I took this time, it's the first time I've ever taken this brand. It was Let me sleep. Oh my gosh. >> They let you sleep. >> Sleep. I feel amazing. I can run a mile. >> I feel really good, too. Which is actually >> for half that flight. >> It's unfortunate because we do need to go to sleep. We'll probably have the most issue middayish tomorrow. >> Um and maybe the next day are usually >> That's when coffee shops are open. >> And that is when coffee shops are open. We're going to go see something crazy. This airport has something you've probably seen before >> and didn't know you've seen it. >> And didn't know you've seen it. It is here. We're going to go find it. In the airport, there's this basically a shopping mall called Jewel that has the largest indoor waterfall in the entire world. So, we went to that. All right. We can't film immigration or customs specifically, but we did just go through immigration here in Singapore. Um, it was very extremely easy. So freaking easy. Yeah. The only thing is that within 3 days of your travel, including your travel day, you do have to submit the SCA's G, which is the health questionnaire. Um, the airlines sent me a lot of emails about this. So, I did it 2 days ago. You can also literally do it standing there. People were just doing it standing there right before they went to immigration. >> Also on the right >> kiosk to do it. Super easy. It's like five questions. It's just a health questionnaire to make sure you don't have any like infectious diseases that you're bringing in. We literally just had to scan our passports at a little kiosk and then it did a facial recognition thing and we had to do a thumb print >> and I do think it was taking an actual thumb print because it showed up on the screen. >> Um it's not like a thumb measurement like or a finger measurement like they do in Disney. Um but it was very easy. We didn't even have to talk to anybody and we said welcome to Singapore. Well, we're still at the airport. >> Yeah. Not our goal, but boy are we glad we stayed. >> Yeah. So this is uh we're in Jewel which is a shopping dining area >> obviously in the rainforest rainforest area >> in the airport Disney adventure train. >> Yeah there it goes a lot of Disney adventure >> lot of Disney adventure ad but um this is one of the like I did not know this was in Singapore. I have seen this before. >> This is the largest indoor waterfall in the world. It is located as a centerpiece in Juel and on the hour as we just found out >> there's a show. show. It based honestly to me served many World of Color Disney characters. >> It was a projection show on the waterfall. >> It was awesome. >> So cool. There were fog effects. They reverse the water at one point. It was very, very neat. There were lights >> on the ground flickering. >> Yeah. And we were both very surprised. >> Yeah, it was awesome. >> We came over here to take a picture for our social and we were like, >> "Why is everyone standing here?" >> And so we just stood and it was amazing. And I'm glad we stood and it was only 5 minutes. Yes, it was super brief. Well, speaking of uh standing here, when the show's not going on, it is so easy to get a good spot for photos on one of these observation decks. Like, they are not slammed. >> There is a higher up one that you can pay for, but highly recommend. Don't do that >> up there. Yeah, >> unless you have a master card and which I think it was included based on the sign I read. >> Well, that's cool. Um, but yeah, we're just on like the second floor right here and have a great view of the waterfall with this empty observation deck. We have to figure out how to get to our hotel and we know how. She said figure out like we don't know. She's been working on it. >> That's what I've been doing. Um, we are going to use the Grab app. There's no Uber or Lift here in Singapore. So, we are using an app called Grab to uh call a car, call a basically a ride share. Um, there are also taxi stands and I think you can use Grab to call a taxi. I don't know. We're going to find out together. Yep. >> And through our hotel, we could have booked an airport transfer, but it's expensive, >> so we didn't. >> So, we didn't. We went ahead to the hotel. We are staying at one of the most famous hotels in the world, a very expensive luxury hotel called the Marina Bay Sands. has the world's largest infinity pool and we do have a full tour and sort of vlog of our experience at Marina Bay Sands that is coming to the channel soon. So, keep an eye out for that. We're here. >> We have made it to uh Marina Bay Sands. >> We got our keys. Go ahead and check in. >> Yes. >> And we are ready to go. >> I am so excited to be here. >> This is one of the most famous hotels in the world. It has the world's largest infinity pool and it's on top of the building. Also, I don't know if you saw this as we we can start walking to the room, but I don't know if you saw this as we were walking or driving in. Like, Singapore looks insane. It's really dark, so it was hard for us to fully see out the windows, but the I mean, obviously, I've heard that it's extremely clean here. It looked so pristine and like fancy everywhere we drove. I was expecting near the airport to go through like a not nice, you know, usually there's like industrial area. >> Yeah. Like everywhere there's an industrial area near the airport. Nope. Beautiful. It looked like we were entering Disneyland the entire time. Like it's like Hong Kong Disneyland's entrance is what I was thinking about. But we are headed to our tower Marina Bay Sands. Now we will have a full Marina Bay Sands review video coming to the channel. But this is uh one of the most famous hotels in the world. It is a luxury five-star hotel uh here in Singapore. It is in the Marina Bay area, which is also where we'll be leaving for our cruise in a few days. We are actually not staying here until our cruise though. Uh it smells amazing. We're here for two nights and right now we are wide awake because it's about uh 10:00 a.m. at home. Singapore is on a 12 or 13 hour time difference depending on when daylight savings is. So it was you know daytime for us. I don't know. This whole trip time was no longer real for me. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. You want to play mermaid? You want to play mermaids at the end of the world with me? You want to play mermaid? You want to play mermaid? Please play mermaids with me. So that really took us to day two. We crossed the date line. So even though we didn't fly for this long, we took off on Friday morning and we didn't land until Saturday night, right? Or did I guess we did fly for that long. It did take like 30 hours. Okay, I guess it did take that long. And maybe we I guess we did cross the dayline. The day we definitely crossed it. I don't know. We flew a really long time and we left on Friday morning. We got there on Saturday night. Day three, we wake up. We have some nice breakfast at Marina Bay Sands. We get Emma some of my clothes on because she has no clothes. We spend this day exploring Marina Bay Sand and Singapore as a whole, doing lots of really fun stuff in Singapore. Uh to do so, Emma and I challenged each other to a rate my trip. Uh which is a game where we try to plan a better half day than the other person. Um so I took morning, Emma took evening, and we saw who planned a better day in Singapore. That is also coming to the channel soon, so keep your eyes peeled. Little check-in here. Emma's bag has made it. It was a full 24 hours later, but it made its little way from San Francisco. Yes, I think you need to go talk to that staff right there. Um, she has now been given a special pass to go in the exit of the airport uh to pick up her bag. So, we had to go like back through customs. She had to be escorted to pick it up and then she had to take her bag through customs. Um, also the jet lag has really gotten me today. I fell asleep with my mouth open in a ride share, but she was a very happy camper. Her bag had arrived and she didn't have to wear my clothes anymore. So, she was very happy. Day four, we have to say goodbye to Marina Bay Sands. I'm going to be honest, Emma and I got up at 6:00 a.m. to go to the infinity pool cuz that's the time it opened and we were like, "Wow, we got to take advantage of this while we have it." So, we got up at 6:00 a.m. and we went and swam in the infinity pool and I hadn't been able to. She didn't have her bag. So, this was the first time she was able to get in because she actually had her swimsuit. We did try to shop for a swimsuit at Rain Bay Sands. The cheapest one was $200. So, Emma just sat while I tried out the Infinity Pool on day one. And then on our checkout day, we both got me infinity pool very early in the morning uh and watched sunrise over the bay. We are watching sunrise from Infinity Pool. And as I just noticed, we can see the Disney Adventure in Port, which is just crazy. Literally, >> we were just hanging out and then I thought, >> what is that? >> That's a Disney familiar. >> No, it's like a Disney show. >> Yeah, it's just sitting over there. It's just sitting over there. >> I keep getting nervous. We're supposed to go on a cruise today. >> We can't. It's not until tomorrow. >> Tomorrow. >> This is a weird day for travel um because we went to go check into our other hotel. It was a hotel called M Hotel Singapore City Center. And I picked that one because it was only 5 minutes from the cruise port. But we got there, we checked in, we're like fully checked in basically. They had taken our passports. were like ready to get the room key and a manager comes out and is talking to the woman at the desk and says we don't have a room for them I guess is what he said and she says unfortunate situation we don't have a room for you we have already transferred your reservation to our sister hotel it's a five-star hotel um about 20 minutes away and a taxi is going to come pick you up did not tell us the name of the hotel and did did not tell us anything uh we did get breakfast included which we didn't originally um and the hotel you're supposed to stay in was I think four star and the one we were going to was going to be fivestar. Never had anything like that happen in my life. It transferred to a five-star hotel. It was a really nice hotel. It was on Orchard Road, which I have found out is one of the most expensive places to live in Singapore. So, we got to see a whole new part of the city. Um, this did eat a lot of our morning, but it was fine. When we got to the new hotel, our room was ready and we got to go right in. So it was definitely uh strange and we did not end up staying as close to the port as we originally wanted but we were only I think a 25minute grab which is their ride share was like Uber. We were only a 25minute grab away from port so it still wasn't the end of the world just kind of a weird circumstance. That day we took a grab over to Resort World Sentosa which is a resort area that is very cool and we went to Universal Studios Singapore. We have a video of that day coming to the channel too. It was a very interesting park. It had a Shrek world which I loved. Um, and it was just a great day in general. So, that's about day four. And the next day we boarded the Disney Adventure. This video is already on the channel of our both our full tour of the Disney Adventure as well as the food that we ate on the Disney Adventure. It was a three-ight cruise. So, we were there from days 5 to 7 completely on the Disney Adventure. Day eight big travel day. On day eight, things start to go wonky. Very, very wonky. We knew that this was going to happen. We knew that we had to get off the Disney Adventure and onto a plane to Paris. Our flight was around 11:40 a.m. I run by the rule that you have to be at an airport for an international flight 3 hours in advance. So, our aim is get to the airport 8:40 a.m. That happened. No problem. We are off the ship. We were cleared to get off the ship around 7:30. It was a very short grab ride to the airport. We were at the airport. Perfectly easy. No problem. Uh I think right like 8:30, 8:35. So we're a little bit before 3 hours. I'm feeling good. I'm feeling snazzy. In fact, I even text our team. We're at the airport. Unless anything goes wrong, everything should be fine. I think this was all my fault cuz I jinxed it because every flight is international. So the security's at the gate. So all the shops and stuff are before security because the security is at the gate. After you go through security at your gate, the only thing you can access is a water bottle resell. This is important to the story. So we get breakfast. And by breakfast, I mean ramen. We got tonkatu ramen. I don't know, man. Again, time was not real on this trip. I don't know what time my body thought it was. We just been in the sea for 3 days. We're in Singapore. We had ramen for breakfast. Okay. There was no line. The ramen stalled, unsurprisingly. But now we have got to get to Paris. And to get to Paris, we have got to get to Istanbul. So, we're flying on Turkish Airlines, one of the best airlines in the world, to get to Istanbul. We're gonna see how that goes. We've done immigration and like check in, but we haven't gone through security and we were like, "Wait a minute, security is at the gate." That is so strange. So, we're going to see how that works. Um, and hopefully, I don't know, make it on our plane. It's also Friday the 13th. We went through security. We sat down at the gate. We no longer have any snacks and we have water. Well, we didn't have any water, but I found the water bottle refill, so we got water. We're staying at the gate. Around the time we're supposed to start boarding, the first announcement strikes. They just announced a 2-hour delay on our flight. Not a big deal, unless we have a connection that takes off 10 minutes before you would land with the delay. Uh, we're flying Turkish Airlines, and Turkish Airlines went ahead and adjusted this for us very quickly. Um, pretty soon after I got a an adjustment in my app that the flight had been delayed and that we had been booked on a new flight to Paris the following morning. Not ideal meant an unplanned night in Istanbul. But our media event in Paris for World of Frozen and Disney Adventure Way was at 2:00 p.m. So that morning flight was still going to get us there in time. >> That's just a lot. >> It's a lot. But we sit and we sit for another minute. We're waiting. Istanbul was supposed to be like an hour and a half layover and it's now going to be a an overnight layover. >> Yeah, a 12 hour. So, big issue here is that we're hungry and you on international flights, you typically get fed full meals right after takeoff and right before landing and usually a snack in the middle. So, we had eaten a while ago at this point the ramen and we were ready for that takeoff meal, but it wasn't happening. >> We also came through security, so we're in this waiting area that has no food, no drink, nothing. >> Yeah. And you have to get rid of your drinks and your water. All we have is botcha coffee beans. Luckily, apparently, uh they had panic bags. So, because our delay was 2 hours or more, I think is what they said, they had to bring us these snack packs that we got in the airport. We got these big snack packs of like Lays and like oat cookies. Nothing was that good, but I really needed the food, so I'll take it. Shortly after getting the snack packs, we get the announcement that the flight is completely cancelled, which was bad. Our flight, our flight's canceled fully and there's no other flights cuz there is a war. >> There's a war going on. >> They did say an estimate is that the next flight to Istanbul will be in the morning at 8:00 a.m. We will not be on that >> because if we don't get to Paris tomorrow, >> we're going home. There's no reason for us to go to Paris, but I'm getting my bag back. >> If we couldn't get on another flight out of Singapore to somewhere in Europe that day, we were not going to be making it to our event, which was the entire reason we weren't flying directly home from Singapore. Stranded in Singapore. This is my layover canceled. My flight to Paris from Singapore because now we're going to be stuck in Istanbul overnight. Unboxing of the emergency kit they gave us as a I'm sorry at the gate. First up, we got a bag of Lay Chips. Classic. We got big old water bottle, which is good. >> Yeah. Have you tried it? Is it good water? >> Water. >> Good water. >> Pretty excited about this. Uh, this is a box of apple juice, which I'm excited about. Please don't >> lift my spirits. Please don't look at my missing nail. >> No, don't worry about that. >> Um, we have antiseptic wipe. Pretty excited about this as well. Airports are gross >> and we stink. >> Yep. Hey, we don't stink. We both showered this morning. Well, >> emotionally. >> Emotionally, we smell. >> Um, I've got Oat 25 chocolate hazelnut. Emma ate this already. It was good. >> This apple. >> And what's this? >> Kit Kat. >> Oh, Kit Kat. This is one of my favorite candies. >> I needed my spirits lifted. She needed her spirits lifted. >> Because of the current airspace closures in the Middle East, the cheapest flights available were about $5,000 and the layover was in Dubai, which is a level three do not travel for US citizens right now. Anything that did not land in the UAE was over $10,000 for both Emma and I to fly. And the only direct flight from Singapore to Paris was $27,000 for both Emma and I to fly. There was not really a feasible option for us to go straight on to Paris. Uh we even looked for our team to fly direct to Paris from the United States that day and things were over $10,000. So it seemed like our team wasn't going to get to Paris. We weren't going to make it into this new land. We weren't going to be able to get this coverage and also Emma and I didn't know what we were doing. With the canceled flight, Turkish Airlines had to provide us with accommodations as well as food. Um so we spent a very long time in a lot of very long lines to get to the hotel. This was an entire mega jumbo jet of people who were provided these accommodations. So that meant we had to wait at the gate. Um we were given these big orange stickers. Then we had to wait uh for the bus which took a very long time. Um as they sort of grouped people out onto the bus slowly. Then we had like a it was like a 30-minute bus ride back to the same area our surprise hotel was in. We're back on Orchard Road to check into a hotel. I'm going to be honest. honest with you, I'm not even sure what hotel this was. Um, they told us a hotel. They ended up taking us to a different hotel. It was perfectly nice though, and it was kind of cool talking to the other travelers who were also in this predicament. Um, we had access to the buffet for dinner and for breakfast. Our flight was supposed to be 11:40 a.m. It was 4:30 p.m. when Emma and I stepped into a hotel room at the hotel. At this point, we also looked into flights directly home. We were like, "Well, we're not making it to the media event, so what's the plan?" And we had decided, "Well, maybe we could fly directly home from Singapore today or tomorrow." Those flights were all $10,000. The plan looked like the best option was going to be to continue with the itinerary that Turkish Airlines booked for us being flying into Istanbul the following day and then flying into Paris on Sunday morning, completely missing the media event. But Emma and I's flights home were around 1:00 p.m. on Sunday. We were supposed to land in Paris around 10:00 a.m. on Sunday. So, we planned to just fly from Singapore to Turkey to Paris and then spend a couple hours at the airport before flying our originally booked flights back to the United States. We find out that Disney has invited us to preview the new land that we missed the following Friday, a week later. We talked to our respective partners. We moved things around at home, but we decided ultimately um over a couple of hours of deliberation that we would be able to stay. Um and we did not know what we were going to be doing for a week, but we knew that we could stay. So, we slept in Mystery Hotel back on our Shark Road in Singapore before getting back on buses in the morning to go back to the airport. Also, keep in mind we've gone through immigration like so many times because we had to do it coming into the country, getting on the cruise ship, off the cruise ship, leaving for our flight. Flight gets canceled, leaving the airport. Now, we're back for our flight. We have to go through immigration again in Singapore. We were just immigrating left and right in and out of Singapore. We stayed in Singapore an extra night. >> Yep. And we slept a lot, honestly. >> We did. We >> We went to bed around 6:30. We ordered an um just like an insane amount of McDonald's. Smashed it. And then at 6:30 p.m. Ev and I got bed with sleep. Yeah. Brutal morning here. Um they take us to the airport and they we left the airport around 8:30 which or 8 which we were like is this is too late for an 11:40 flight. Um and we were right. We waited in a 100m minute line at check-in. Yep. They printed out Emma's boarding passes and one of mine, but they couldn't print one of mine for reasons that he never explained. And he said, "Tul, you'll have to get it printed in his stimul." Well, I certainly hope so, but I, you know, I'm in no position to fight at this point. It is Saturday, so we are going to do something for a week >> in Paris for a week. Report. >> Hey, just got the notification. We're boarding. I guess we've not eaten today. We should have had plenty of time at the airport and we waited in a It was actually 2 hours. >> Yep. >> Two full hours in a line only to find out her boarding pass was messed up. And it's not just us. It is everyone on this flight. >> Everyone's going through this. >> None of us have eaten. We just keep being grateful that we don't have small kids with us because kudos to those parents who do. >> And so, yeah, we're we're going to get on this flight and at the very least making it to Istanbul. At long last, our Turkish Airlines flight out of Singapore takes off to Istanbul. I didn't even know how long this flight was. I didn't know anything. Both them and I ended up in middle seats, not seated together, which was not what we were initially booked on for the flight, but again, we were too tired to fight it. So, we were in middle seats for a 12-hour flight. Wow. Really? So, 11 hours and 50 minutes. Add that to the flight total. But we make it to Istanbul that evening. Um, we land in Istanbul. We get off the plane. Here's the thing. Technically, our overnight layover was caused by Turkish Airlines and we could have probably been given a hotel by Turkish Airlines. We spoke to somebody else on our plane who told who was told that she would not get uh compensated for an evening at a hotel. And we heard another girl who said that they would be shuttling her to and from a hotel. Our flight was so early in the morning that we thought it was a bad idea to leave the airport. Um, we landed in Istanbul uh like 8:00 p.m.ish and our flight to Paris uh boarded I think around 7:00 a.m. the next morning. With customs and immigration, that would have been arriving at the airport at 4:00 a.m. And getting out of the airport was going to take us another like 2 or 3 hours with food. So, we were looking at maybe getting to bed by midnight to have to get up for the airport at 3:00 or 3:30 a.m. Ultimately, we decided that what we would do is we would book an airside hotel at the Estimple airport. I did this while we were still in Singapore because I didn't want to deal with any more long lines. I didn't want to deal with any more of the uncertainty though. Turkish Airlines did a great job taking care of us. There was not a lot of certainty the whole time. We didn't know a lot of them didn't know what hotel we were going to or when our flight out would be. And when we did get the flight out, it wouldn't pull up when you went on FlightAware because it was not a real flight. Um it was like an extra flight they added. So, just to be safe, booked us into the Airside Hotel at the Estimble Airport. I'll be honest, incredible idea. We were able to drop our stuff off in our room and then walk back out to the airport to get dinner. >> Mind your business. We got Subway and I'm so excited to eat it. >> And then go back into our room to be able to get a full 8 hours of sleep before waking up the next morning and walking directly to our gate. Incredible. We got a two twin bed. This is their premium room. I know some of the rooms have shared bathrooms. Ours doesn't. We have this whole bathroom here. Closet area with the nice sink bathroom area. And then two sides of the little privacy area here. Big shower with a waterfall shower head. There's this RGB lighting all in the room that we can change. >> Yeah, >> cuz we're cool. >> I made it pink. um desk, whole work area, lots of outlets and things and easy light controls, room phone, reading lights, TV, there's a bottle opener in the wall, >> which we have used twice, >> which we have used cuz I got two Schwep flavers that I've never seen before. Our view is of the check-in uh down lower in the airport of people checking in. And our gate is steps from here in the morning. So, we will literally we're through security. We will literally just have to get out of bed and go to our gate. We're going to Paris today. >> Finally, >> maybe. >> Don't. >> But we're going to go find some Turkish coffee and then take a plane. Emma's bag. >> My bag is here. We looked um by my friends and it is close to us. >> Everything's coming up. >> Also, it's important to know like that's not us manifesting. That's not us being positive. That's like what we have to say to get through our troubles. Yeah, we we're finding the silver silver silver lining then we're saying everything's coming up QM. >> It's actually >> and if things are going bad >> even things are typically going down QMA. >> Yeah, things are typing up. >> Like when our flight got cancelled the first one we immediately like well everything's coming up QMA even though we both were devastated and upset. >> But sometimes sometimes we say it when things are good too. >> Yeah. So it's just more of like a mindset. >> It's a mindsetle. So with a lot of ease, we then make it on time to our flight that is on time, Turkish Airlines from Istanbul to Paris. This was a 4-hour flight, 3 hours and 45 minutes. And sure enough, we arrive in Paris. Uh that following morning, this is day 10, we arrive in Paris. We were able to have um some of our team at home move our hotel from the prior night to that night. So, we had a stay at Disneyland Hotel that night, but for the rest of the week, nothing. So, that was what day 10 was about. Was about figuring out what we're going to do. The Makeup Media event was in like five full days. No plans, no hotel. Oh, and by the way, no cold weather clothes. It's about 40°. In Singapore, it was 90. We had packed for one day in Paris, and we now had a whole week. Um, Emma's bag made it. We made it. Uh, were we supposed to be here two nights ago? Yes. Are we here now? Yes. So, we're now going to go to Disneyland. We were able to move our Disneyland hotel to tonight, which is amazing. And then we're going to figure out what's going on. >> We have no other plans or accommodations. >> We We have impulse fun. Yes. >> The magical shuttle. Yes. Because Disneyland Paris is not very close to Charles. It's not far, but it's not close. And we were going to get a ride share um which is what we've done in the past, but we there's a magical shuttle which runs periodically and there was one leaving in 20 minutes from when we got through customs. So we just booked it online and now we're on the magical shuttle and they're going to take us to Disneyland Hotel. It was €48 for both of us which cheaper than an Uber. And today's goal figure out what we're doing this week. We're going to need to sleep somewhere for sure. >> It's going to be big. >> It's going to be big. >> And you're not ready for what's going >> No. I have some ideas that are kind of wild. >> One she won't tell me about. >> So, we had a lot to figure out. We checked into the Disneyland Hotel. We had lunch in Disney Village. And then we spent the day uh sitting at Disneyland Hotel trying to figure out what what we were going to do the rest of the week. And I made some impulse decisions. Emma was asleep and she couldn't stop me. Hey guys. So, it's been a few hours since we filmed our last update, and that's because, as you well know, we didn't know what we were doing. We were trying to decide. There's a lot going on. There were >> just changes changes going on thanks to our unexpected 5day >> extension. >> Instead, I'm driving in France. >> And you might be thinking, are you in a car? >> Yeah, we've rented a car. >> Yes, we are. >> Um because we made it to Disneyland Paris. We did our room. We went We did stay the night >> at a Disneyland hotel. >> Yeah. Um, and now we're going to go to the Netherlands. Big update. We decided last night that we're going to go to 5 hours to go to the Netherlands. >> But I called my dad and I said, "Hey, I'm nervous about driving internationally. Should I be?" And my dad said, "No, they all drive on the all those countries drive on the right side. You drive on I4 at home." Which, if you don't know is a legendarily stressful highway in Florida and he was like, "This will be easier than any of that. just make sure you like don't speed because they have speed cameras in Europe. And he was like, "But no, you should definitely do that. Don't be nervous." And he sounded very confident. So, I was happy to do it at that point. >> You might think you're going to drive 10 hours for less than 48. Yes, we are. >> Yes, we are. >> Because we are doing something that both of us, specifically Quincy, >> Yeah. >> have talked about for years. I have always known about it. I never thought I'd do it. I just I I don't know. I thought it was cool, but it was nothing I was going to go out of my way for. >> I needed y'all to be a lot more interested in non-D Disney parks for us to ever be able to do this. >> Yes. Like this was just not something that even though we are very very excited, we didn't know that other people would want to want to see it. So, we never thought we would get to do this. >> Now, we have time to go. >> And so, we rented a car and we're going to the Netherlands. >> I'm driving in France. >> She's driving in France. And um >> right now, we're actually going to the mall. >> We're going to the mall. Right. >> I know. >> Sorry. I just don't know where the red light is. The red lights are different. They're very different. We're We're kind of following Go right here >> this car next to us. >> Yeah, you're just following the car next. >> Going with the flow of traffic. Um we're going to the mall because we don't have enough clothes cuz it's very cold here and in Singapore it was like 95 every day. Um so that's our big big update. We'll tell you what we're doing in a bit. In a bit in a bit. It I meant little bit or minute both came out. But we're going to road trip and you guys are going to come along with us. And I am driving in France. >> She's driving >> and then Belgium and then another. >> She is gripping the wheel. >> I'm not gripping. I'm just in a casual tent and two. >> Came to the mall. Got some more clothes. >> Purchased cold weather items. >> Two I got two sweaters and a jacket. >> I'm not really sure what I got. I spent €200. Kind of blacked out in there, >> but she'll look pretty. I spent 60, but I was very like, what's the cheapest sweater I can find? So, >> I was just grabbing stuff. >> It's fine. It's fine. Hey y'all. Quincy's on the phone, but we're making our first road trip stop. Um, and we are in McDonald's, and you guys love to flame us when we eat McDonald's when we are in a different country. But right now, this was the easiest thing we could find on the side of the road. And while we could have been um explorers, we could have done some adventuring, >> we're just making it easy. We're keeping it fast. We're keeping it easy and familiar. Maybe we will on the way back. We're hoping we'll have more time on the way back, but right now we're just trying to get there as early as we can where it's not so dark. So, this is our first stop. Burger, nuggets, fries, Coke, Zero, Mc Pops, Biscoff, Raspberry, Chocolate. She got pistachio McFlurry. Her favorite thing in the world. Fish fillet. >> Eat a fillet of fish on every car. >> That is true. >> I met a brief. >> Mesa. I took a hot bite. >> Are these m >> potato wedges? Quincy did not want to eat while driving, which I fully support. But we love that if you eat in, it all comes in like plastic versions of the the paper things that you normally get. I don't know. We're like obsessed with that. >> I'm like, >> this is really good, actually. >> Over halfway. >> We're over halfway. We've just made it into Belgium. >> Belgium. >> Very exciting stuff. >> It looks a lot like France. >> It looks so similar. We're being sarcastic. We knew it would. Don't Don't be haters. This is going to be also our first time in the Netherlands. Yes. >> Even though, ironically, I am also coming for fun in May. Yeah. In in a month and a half. >> Month and a half. >> So, I booked a rental car for that day. I booked two nights, same day, uh, check-in day at Eftling Wonder Hotel in the Netherlands. I had to call to do this, but they were wonderful on the phone um, getting me set up and booked into Eftling Wonder Hotel. We got our car for 2 PM. And the reason I did it for so late is because Emma and I had no clothes. We have no clothes. I think we wore the same thing two days in a row because it was cold. And we put all of our uh dirty laundry into separate bags. We dropped the rest of our bags with Bell Services at Disneyland Hotel. And then we had to walk to a hotel called Hotel Cheyenne to do our laundry because fun fact, the only Disneyland hotel that has self served laundry, like laundry machines, is Hotel Cheyenne. The others either don't have any laundry services or they only have dry cleaning. And you want to know how much the dry cleaning was? It was €6 per pair of underwear. No. So, we walked our happy tushes and all of our dirty laundry through Disney Village on a 25-minute walk from Disneyland Hotel to Hotel Cheyenne. Well, we are walking through Disney Village at Disneyland Paris holding bags of our dirty laundry because there is one hotel that has a laundromat here and it's not the one we were staying at. >> And we are out of clothes cuz we were supposed to be home. >> Yeah, we don't have any more clothes and specifically, hate to say it, underwear. Also, you are looking at our one singular winter outfits each. >> Yeah. >> That we brought for our one day in Paris that has turned into five. >> Yes. >> Um so >> going shopping today. >> We're going shopping today. And then uh we I think have lost it cuz we have decided we're going somewhere else. We're going to go put a pin in it. >> And we did laundry. While our laundry was getting done, we sort of worked out everything that we needed to. Emma called the Zeland Paris. Um, and we found out that there was no vacancy at any of the hotels uh that have shuttles or walking paths to and from the park for the three nights that we needed when we got back from the Netherlands. The only hotel that I could see online that had vacancy was Davy Crockett Ranch. And the sweet customer on the phone said, "Are you sure?" And we said yes. And she booked us into Davy Crockett Ranch. Baby Crockett Ranch is a cabins based hotel. It's a family cabin hotel. It is 15 minutes away from Disneyland Paris. There is no shuttle. There's no internal shuttle at the resort to get you to and from your cabin. And it is currently under refurbishment. So, some cabins are newer and some are very much not. We were told on the film we were getting a refurbished cabin despite knowing that we needed a car for Davy Crockett Ranch. We spoke to the cast member about Ubering to and from. I personally have Ubered to and from Davy Crockett Ranch before. We decided we would just do some Ubers to get to to and from the park from Davy Crockett Ranch. It'll be fine. And we booked ourselves into Davy Crockett Ranch. That will come back to haunt us in a minute. It was highway most of the time. Um I wasn't feeling too up to exploring since I was new to the whole driving international thing and I was nervous, but it was very easy. It's a little hard cuz they don't post the speed limits, but the speed limit, luckily my car knew the speed limit and was telling me on the dash. We have a 5-hour drive and we make it to acting. >> Hey, thanks. So, we are here in our room. We do have a queen bed as well as a bunk bed, which we love because a lot of >> sleeping wear. >> Yes. >> Sound off on the comments. >> Sound off in the comments. I was sleeping where And we spent day 12 completely at Eptling, even the first half of day 13 at Eptine. Um, if you want to see the hotel at Epilling Park, we do have a full video of Epstein coming to the channel soon, so you will absolutely be able to see it. Um, just a little spoiler alert, it is in my top three parks in the world with Epcot and Disneyland. It knocked Tokyo Disney Sea out of my top three. That's probably a hot take, but I don't care. I love Eftilling. Wanted to take a bit of a scenic route back to Paris, but because we liked Eftilling so much, we ended up going back into the park on day 13, filming in the morning for a little while. And we left E after around 2 p.m. for the 5-hour drive back to Paris where we could check into Baby Crockett Ranch. But it turns out that the cast on the phone was wrong and we did not have a refurbished cabin. In fact, we were in one of the cabins as far as possible from the reception area. Uh that was in the dark. It was very dark and it was not refurbished. These cabins are certainly dated. It was clean. Um, but it was dated and it was scary because it was really, really dark outside. Day 14 of trying to get around the world in 9 days. We're in the woods. >> Sorry, it's so dark. We're walking in the woods. >> We're walking in the woods trying to get back to our cabin at the very back of our resort. >> And also, the roads don't exist to Uber. >> The Ubers can't get back here. >> So, the Ubers can't get back here. Also, >> there's a walking path, but none of the lights on it work. >> Hang on. I'll show you how good the lights look. really good for good light. >> Yeah, I am pointing the camera directly at the lights that are off. >> Yeah, don't worry. And we're in the woods. >> Yeah, really in the woods. And what's fun is sometimes you hear creatures. >> Yeah, there's critters out here. >> There's definitely critters out here. Um and our walk's only, you know, 15 minutes. Also, did we mention it's 30°? >> It's so cold. I can't f It's so cold. >> Things are going poorly. >> We are in what we can only describe as a Disney murder cabin. >> I don't like it. No, we don't like it. >> We don't like it. And we both stay in cabins. We're from the south. Uh, and this is themed to the south, but it is just an extremely There's a high pitch noise. It's an extremely old >> old cabin. We do have pillows in front of the window because it's scary. I'm just going to show you what we can see outside. >> Nothing. >> We are in the woods. It is so dark. And don't worry, this is my room. I have three beds to choose from. We have two bathrooms. I do. >> Emma's allergic to something in here. >> We're exhausted. It's very late on day 12. >> I'm allergic to the cabin. >> And things are good. Things are good in the murder cabin. >> It's murder cabin. Sweet. Murder cabin. >> Murder cabin sweet. Can't wait to get back to the murder cabin. So, we were exhausted and didn't love the Davy Crockett cabin. It grown us a bit. Mornings in the Davy Crockett cabin with some pano chocolot and a pot of coffee were a lot better than the nights at Davy Crockett Ranch. >> Sing along. You know this one. Get your hands up. Come on, Quincy. Get your hands up. And we were there for the next two days. We had a day in Disneyland Paris where we filmed a Disneyland Paris scavenger hunt. And then we had finally our day exploring Disney Adventure World, which you can see on the channel now. It was very cool where Davy Crockett ran the whole time. Yes, the car thing did become a problem. We had to return it that first night very late. And we learned very quickly that Uber's map would not take Uber drivers to our cabin. When I have Ubered to and from Davy Crockett Ranch in the past, it would take you to and from the pickups for each loop of cabins, it was not doing it this time. It would not route them correctly. And a lot of Uber drivers in France do not speak English. I speak some French. Um, but I'm very out of practice and it was a little out of my skill set to be able to fully explain the directions to get us to and from the cabin. Ultimately, what ended up happening is that Emma and I spent most of the time we would just have the drivers drop us at reception. It was about a 20-minute walk back to our cabin, which really isn't bad, but we were doing that walk in the dark and the path, all of the lighting on the pathway was out, so it wasn't too bad in the mornings, but in the evenings very, very dark. You could hear wildlife and again there were like not that many people around. I think because Davy Crockett Ranch is getting refurbished, but that worked out fine. We will have a video showing off Davy Cocket Ranch as well as Disneyland Hotel coming to the channel soon, too. Ultimately, our stay at Disneyland Paris was nice. Um, we finally repacked. Packing was hard, but we got back to the airport after our Disneyland Paris days and we flew home. Eva went through Boston. I went through Miami. Those last flights together for each of us were around 12 hours total if you combine both legs of me going to Miami and then to Orlando and Emma going to Boston and then to Nashville. So I had another 12 hours to the count of our flights. I didn't film at all in Paris and I'm realizing that right now. But I have finally made it to Boston and I have completed my trip around the world. I've not completed my trip home, but I've gone around the earth. I'm so excited. I'm just now trying to get to my next terminal and I'm walking through construction and I don't care cuz I'm home for the most part. Sorry for the shaky footage. My hands are really full. But I am leaving Charles the Gaul on my flight to Miami. I don't even know how long this is at this point. Uh but I'm going to get on it. I hope I'm not even showing you this footage. It's so bad. The flight was 9 hours. I watched a lot of Bravo reality TV. I played a game of mirror gala. Ate some chicken and marinara sauce. It's really thrilling. Um, I was seated between two teenagers. One teenager kept elbowing me and the other teenager kept elbowing me and I was in the middle seat. I was like, man, there should be a rule that teenagers default to the middle seat. Anyway, I'm now in Miami. I'm at the Miami airport. Um, this is my gate to go home to Orlando. It boards in 34 minutes. It is an hour long flight and I will be flying home, getting in my car and going to see my fiance, my dog, and my cat. The longest I've ever been away from my fiance ever. So, I'm very excited to see him. I'm very excited to have made a laugh around the world. And we made it home and then we slept for 2 days. Um, and I still need to sleep and it's uh it's been a week. One flight delay/cancellation turned our 9 days of travel into 14 days. Overall, just a whirlwind trip. We got some really awesome content. I'm so excited for you guys to see it and for us to have been able to take you along with us. Check out everything that's already come up on the channel. Make sure to keep an eye out for everything that is coming on the channel. And if you head to Allers now on Instagram, there's a lot of content about the trip that you can go find. I also on all yours Quincy on Instagram have been regularly answering little batches of questions about the travel. If you have questions, you can ask them here in the comments. You can go ask them on my Instagram and I will try to get those answered. It was obviously a once- ina-lifetime experience. We did successfully circle the entire earth in 14ish days and uh we weathered some really surprising situations to do so. I am so glad I got to do it with Emma. She's my travel partner for life. I love her. Her and my fiance, I guess, but like she's my travel partner for life. She and I have done some serious traveling together. Well, thank you guys so much for watching this video. If you are still here, please like this video and drop this secret code in the comments so we know that you made it all the way. Plus, don't forget to subscribe. We upload games, tips, trips around the world, and more all week because we are serious about fun. I'll see you guys next time. Bye.
