---
video_id: VVw6jM2k8TU
channel: AllEars.net
title: "What To Eat In Disney World In 2026 -- FULL GUIDE"
published: 2026-01-11
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVw6jM2k8TU
---
With thousands of Disney World snacks to choose from, we are breaking down the full foodie guide >> for 2026 in Disney World. >> Now, there are so many amazing bites all over the Disney World Resort. It can be very hard to decide what you want to buy, what you want to spend your money on, what you want to try. We're going to be breaking it down park by park and land by land to kind of help you get an idea of what is actually good in Disney World. We're also going to be sharing [music] some of our favorite underrated gems that not everybody's going to get, so you're going to feel more special and it's hopefully not as expensive just yet. Now, we're going to be talking about a bunch of things, but I'm kicking us off over in Magic Kingdom. And I already know that I'm going to say some things that you guys might think are crazy, but just hold on. Starting off in Main Street, I'm actually going to be taking you to Tony's Town Square for the garlic bread specifically. Now, yes, Main [music] Street is home to Casey's Corn Dark Nuggets, which we are massive fans of and have long been the favorite. But the garlic bread is savory. You pour the cheese over top, have that with a little glass of wine and watch the parade go by. And there's honestly nothing better on Main Street. Main Street's also home to confectionary. If you want some good sweets, one of the most underrated gems in this entire section of the park is going to go to that garlic bread. It deserves more love. Tony's has gotten significantly better over the last few years. Even though it does still kind of have its bad reputation, the garlic bread is going to be changing that. Over in Adventure Land, what are we going to talk about? Of course, Dole Whip in any form. Now, Dole Whip is famous throughout Disney World, specifically the pineapple Dolehip. But honestly, anywhere that you can enjoy it in any way or any flavor is going to count in this section. There's so many different types of flavors. I'm partial to the coconut and there's also different ways to enjoy it like the pineapple upside down dolee whip which is definitely hands down the best and it's the best way to enjoy classic pineapple dohip with a little bit more if you will. It's really delicious. You can grab it over at Aloha Isle and you can also find some different options over at Sunshine Tree Terrace. So, both of those are at Adventureland and they're great places to start off. We are going to shout out the Mickey bacon pecan cinnamon roll. This is going to be found at Westward Hoe, which is right across from Pico Bills. And this one is a little bit newer. It's also a little bit interesting because typically we are not recommending Mickey cinnamon rolls. Mickey cinnamon rolls are gorgeous and cute. They're also sometimes a little bit stale. They're not our favorite. However, this one is different. [music] It has a great crunch. It's got a nice sauce and glaze over the top. The bacon and pecans add some really depth of flavor that maybe you're not finding on other Mickey cinnamon rolls, [music] and it's cute. So, it's like a win-win in multiple ways. Liberty Square actually has several tasty snacks. We'd love to talk about the Hush Puppies from Columbia Harbor House, but the one specifically that we are shouting out right now is the fresh fruit waffles from Sleepy Hollow. Now, the fresh fruit waffle has gone away and then they replaced it with new waffles and now there's this that is back and it's as close as we're going to get to our Nutella waffle that we love and miss. It's still crispy and fresh thanks to the fruit, but also super creamy thanks to the spread on top. It's really delicious, but it's good for a great sweet breakfast. Fantasy Land. This is where one of the newbies is coming in because we're going to be talking about the creme brulee croissant. Fantasy Land is perfect for anyone looking for some good sweets, but this one actually knocked our entire team off of our feets. It is so incredible. Now, Gaston's Tavern is where you're going to find this amazing bite. And there's a lot of things here that we absolutely adore. The gray stuffed cupcake and the giant warm cinnamon roll are two worthy of a shout out. But the creme brulee croissant really stole the show in 2025, and we think it's going to continue to steal the show in 2026. It's a crispy croissant dough filled with a vanilla bean custard. [music] It has an incredible crunch when you first bite into it, but it's super soft and pillowy. And then, of course, it has that custard inside making it so creamy. This is delicious. It's not just Disney good. It would be good anywhere, if that makes sense. Like Casey's Corn Duck Nuggets on Main Street, I'll [music] be honest, are Disney good. They're my favorites cuz they're at Disney and they're delicious. But if I got them just anywhere, I'd be like, "Oh, they're good." but I wouldn't talk about them. This I would talk about no matter where we got it. And then finally, Tomorrowland is where we're going to talk about the sweet cream cheese pretzel. Now, Disney World has a lot of pretzels. Mickey pretzels are probably the most famous. Mickey pretzels are a little bit like Mickey cinnamon rolls. They're a little bit dry. They're mainly for the picture, and I enjoy one, of course, but they're not the best pretzel you're going to find. If you're looking for something really unique and special, the Lunching Pad is going to offer the sweet cream cheese pretzels. [music] And these are crazy. I thought I don't like them that much. And so, I had not had one for years until a year or two ago. And then I had one and I I devoured it. I blacked out. I don't even remember. It was so delicious. They're soft and pillowy and then you bite into it and it has [clears throat] melted cream [music] cheese that's warm but not gross, which sometimes can happen. It is so different. It's so complex and then it still is not overly sweet because it's [music] just cream cheese. It's not sugary, per se. I love these. They're also super sharable, which not every single Disney World snack is, so that's why it deserves the shout out. Magic Kingdom is the home of sweet, sweet, sweet Disney snacks. So, we tried to balance it, adding a few savory, a few sweet, but definitely be on the lookout for those sweet treats in Magic [music] Kingdom in 2026. Oh boy. Epcot is a foodies paradise. This entire park, there is great food everywhere. [music] So, most likely, you're going to have some good food no matter what you try. This one is hard. I think this might be the hardest part um for [music] food to choose the best in each land. So, just know that going into it. If you're going to Epcot, you're going to eat some good food no matter where you are. First, World Nature. World Nature, there are a couple good spots for food. I think I know Emma really likes the salmon and mashed potato uh meal from Sunshine Seasons. That is a really great option. It's nice. It's fresh. It's healthier. It's salmon. It's mashed potatoes. That [music] kind of stuff. Sunshine Seasons has a lot of good healthy meals, healthy snacks. So, if you need a break indoors with AC and want a healthy meal, go ahead over to Sunshine Seasons. I think for my decision, my pick, I think I would say Garden Grill. I think Garden Grill is an amazing restaurant. It's a character meal. It has great great food with those skillets, uh the mac and cheese, with goldfish. Also, healthier options with these skillets. Overall, it's going to be a great meal. You're going to see Mickey Mouse and Chip and Dale and you get to see inside Living with the Land, the attraction while you dine and you spin around. So, I think for World Nature, it's kind of a bit of a tie between Emma and I, um, she would pick Sunshine Seasons with that salmon meal. I know for sure, but I would pick Garden Grill. Now, over in World Celebration, this is going to be a newer option um for most people because it just opened [music] very recently. And we are talking about GO82. This is the new lounge [music] in Epcot. It is inside Spaceship Earth. So, very exciting, very cool, very new, very popular. It might be hard to get a reservation right now. Um so, if you can get one, grab it and enjoy. But it is a lounge and our choice for all of world celebration which is basically [music] the front of Epcot. We are picking the truffled AI tuna at GO82. It was amazing. It really took us by surprise. We loved it. We thought it was amazing and fresh and it overall the atmosphere in there is just amazing. It's a really great spot to just relax, take a break during your Epcot day. Really cool lounge. We're big fans of it. We love it. So if you happen to snag a reservation, you should go check it out. And in World Discovery, there are not many options when it comes to really good food. So, we are going to go pick Space 220, but not the restaurant, the lounge. So, there is a lounge for Space 220. You do not have to do the whole full table service meal. If you don't want to, you can if you want to make that reservation, but you can just go hang out at the lounge that is also [music] available as well. And so, you can again take a break in the middle of your Epcot day. It doesn't have to take as long as a full table service meal. If you choose the lounge, you can just go up there, get a quick bite, get a quick drink, hang out, see the very amazing atmosphere with Space 220. Feel like you're going up into space. You can see the entire restaurant without committing to a full, you know, sometimes [music] 2-hour meal in the middle of your park day because that's not always what you want to do. You want to go ride rides, you want to meet characters, you want to see shows, and you don't have time for a sit down meal. Okay, now this for sure is the hardest hardest part of probably this whole video. I'm going to be honest. Um, Epcot World Showcase. So, the World Showcase is in the back of Epcot. It is 11 different countries. They are all amazing. They all have great food. You're going to find great food in every country, so you can't really pick one that's the best. It's kind of like picking a favorite child or picking a favorite, you know, park, which is impossible for some people. So, I'm just not going to I'm not going to pick a specific country. I think instead I'm going to go with festivals because the festival food overall Epcot has amazing food. I've already said that multiple times and I can't say it enough. The festival foods are just a little bit better, a little bit more fun. They are new all the time. You've got some returning favorites, but then they give new items every year. So, it's just something to keep looking forward to every single year. So with that, there are four different festivals throughout Epcot throughout the year. You've got the Festival of the Arts, which happens in January. It is a very colorful, very vibrant, um, artsy festival. It has to [music] do with visual arts, culinary arts, um, anything that you can think of with the word art in it. And they do that with the food as well. And so the food is really pretty. It's really colorful. It's very fun. Personally, my favorite Epcot festival. I feel like that's not a super popular opinion, but Festival of the Arts is my favorite and I look forward to it every single year. Next, in the springtime, usually late February, early Marchish, there is Flower and Garden Festival. And this is the festival that's also very beautiful, very colorful, but it is full with topiaries and flowers and decorations throughout the park. And [music] it's just everything that has to do with flower and garden. It's beautiful. It's great. And again with the food, there's a lot of healthy [music] springtime food related to gardening and just healthy options. You can kind of consider it, you know, farm to table the most, I guess, out of all the festivals because they really want to showcase growing food and using that in the parks. And it's just it's great. [music] Again, a great festival. In the early summer, we have food and wine festival, which is the biggest one. It's most people's favorite because it really is all about the food and wine. Now, this festival is going to be more focused on the food than the other ones, if you can believe it. But again, there's booths all over all over Epcot, all over the park for you to try and again returning favorites that everybody loves. And they also bring back new ones every [music] year. And then finally in November, you're going to have Festival of the Holidays, which is a great festival that showcases everything that has to do with the holidays with Christmas and how each country celebrates during the holidays, what their special foods are that they prepare for family dinner, and you get to hear um the storytellers from each country telling their uh fairy tales and their stories that relate with the holiday season. Got great um entertainment as well. So, this one is really, really fun. There's a cookie stroll involved. If you eat a certain amount of cookies, then you get a free one. But that one is centered all around the holidays and how different people around the world celebrate. So, it's really, really special. You can't really pick a favorite. My favorite is Festival of the Arts. There are so many amazing foods in the World Showcase outside from the festivals. Specifically, some of our favorites are Leal the Bakery in France. If you're looking for breakfast in Epcot, go grab something from there. You're going to love it. They have amazing options. It's very popular for very good reason. They all great option for meal time, maybe lunch or dinner. Regal Eagle over in the American Adventure Pavilion is amazing. Lots of barbecue, got lots of different fun sauces. Uh it's also low-key themed to the Muppets, so who doesn't love that? We love Regal Eagle. Quincy and I do think that it is the best barbecue in all of Disney World. And AJ from Disney Food does agree with us. So, if you're looking for some good barbecue, head to America in Epcot. Another favorite of ours is Spice Road Table from the Morocco Pavilion. This is a nice sit-down table service meal. It's got a lot of great sharables. So, if you're not super hungry in the middle of your park day, but you want a little snack and you want to hang out, sit by the water, look at World Showcase Lagoon. It's beautiful. It's great. It's another really good option. And it's never super crowded. You can always seem to get a reservation for it if you want. Um, we we're trying to get the word out and tell people about it. Um, but people still don't see the hype. So, I'm trying to change that. Spice Road Table in Morocco. Another great one. Now, we're wrapped up with Epcot, so we're hopping over to Animal Kingdom and we're talking about the best eats. [music] Of course, we're going a little bit willy-nilly, but we are going to start at the park's entrance, which is Discovery Island. We're kind of skipping the oasis. There's really nothing there at Discovery Island. There have been a handful of changes which we're going to get into later, but we're going to talk about the new Arrayest that you can find at the Smiling Crocodile. Those are major standouts we think in 2026. I wanted to shout out the Buffalo chicken chips, which do have a new home. However, [music] Disney changed them quite a bit from when they moved them from Dino Land to Discovery Island. and I haven't had them myself and our team still liked them, but they I think they're not the same. So, we're not going to shout those out. We're sticking with Smiling Crocodile. The reporter who tried these said they were absolutely incredible. Okay, and that is big news to me. There are two new orapas. One is with pulled pork and one is with pulled chicken and cheese, which sounds really delicious. They each have the pulled meat and then they have queso fresca and salsa verde and they're served with plantain chips. The flavors were strong, the meat was high quality, and the portions were huge because they were less than $12, which is always a win in our book. Another reason I think these are notable is, in my opinion, I think this could be the first hint at food we're going to see at the tropical America's Land that is planning on opening in Disney World in 2027. It's replacing Dino Land, which we're going to get to in a bit, but it is featuring intellectual properties like Encanto and Indiana Jones. I think it would make total sense if they bring a rapus more permanently into the tropical America's land because in Enkanto Mirabel's mother that's one of her specialties. So I think that would be really fun to see food from the film brought into the parks. Disney has a history of doing that and I think this might be their first attempt at trying and seeing how people like it and what they can do before the land opens fulltime. Over in Pandora Canteen is getting the full shout out. We're not even giving a specific food item for this one. We are just saying satuli. Anything that you can grab here is really high quality, super delicious, and it's a little bit more exciting than what you might expect from theme park food. We personally love a good space chipotle bowl. You get to choose rice, noodles, or a different variation of your base. Then you get to choose your meat and different vegetables that you can have in it. So that's why we kind of equate it to Chipotle. It's really, really fantastic. I'm also a big fan of the breakfast options that they have here. I think they are the best breakfast options in Animal Kingdom and they all deserve a little bit of love. Now, Africa is going to kind of get two shoutouts. The first is that classic corn on the cob that you're going to find. It is delicious. It has butter and African spices and it's grilled fresh, which it had not been in the past. So, really delicious. But what I think is more of a hidden gem and deserves a little bit more love is Kusafiri Coffee Shop. Now, Animal Kingdom is going under quite a few changes in 2026. So, food is kind of shifting around where you typically find it and Harambe Village Market is closed in the back of Africa. That means that Kusafiri is going to hold up a little bit more and they're going to have a few more options. Right now, they have the same options that they've been having, but they deserve a shout out. So, things like the chicken and rice bowl and the harissa chicken wrap are delicious. They're [clears throat] flavorful. They also have lots of protein and vegetables, and they're not greasy, so they don't weigh you down. You don't feel bad on your day, which can happen with Disney food. They're light, they're flavorful, and they are [music] delicious. Plus, this is where you can get one of the most famous coffees in Disney World, which is the coconut condensed milk coffee. It is worth [music] the stop alone. Asia is where we're mentioning one of our first table service restaurants because the AI tuna nachos at Yakin Yeti restaurant live rentree in our brains. This is a Disney staple. It's going to continue to be one in 2026 and not everyone is talking about them the way that they should be. These AI tuna nonachos use sushi grade ai tuna, Asian slaw, crispy fried wontons, wasabi aoli, and then a sweet soy glaze all across the top. And they are massive. They're super super sharable. They are also a great entree if that's all you want. That's what I typically do. It's also a nice way to go and get out of the heat, get a guaranteed seat, and maybe even grab a cocktail or a nice adult beverage while you're dining. Now, fun fact, if you don't want to get a full reservation, you can actually grab bar seating if it's available, which is not always the case at every Disney restaurant, but it is the case at Yak and Yeti. It's how I've gone and enjoyed the nachos and then dipped without having to have a full reservation or dedicating too much of my park day to dining in. Now, we're excited at what that could be hinting. I also want to give a quick mention to Nomad Lounge. That is a lounge that you can go first come first serve and join the walk up weight list. It has churros, amazing small bites, and delicious cocktails. It always deserves a shout out, but in 2026, I think are going to be the most interesting of our foodie guide. Finally, that takes us to Dino Land, which is going to be unfortunately closed in 2026. However, if you are there before February [music] 2nd, you can still enjoy some delicious bites. That's why we're going to just shout out Restauranttosaurus and Dino Bites as a whole. Dino Land's main shout out is going to go to Restauranttosaurus, which will be open until February 2nd, 2026. You can find a lot of classics there. Burgers, chicken tenders, shakes. It's the only thing still open in Dino Land and will be [music] closed forever on February 2nd, 2026. So, if you're really wanting to dine there, you need to go on February 1st or before because then it is extinct and gone forever. But nothing is going to be replacing it in 2026. So, that's why it's getting a mention even though it's really only going to be available for about a month this year. Okay, I'm so glad I got this park. Hollywood Studios, my favorite park. Let's talk about the food because I do think it's underrated and people don't think about Hollywood Studios when it comes to good food. So, I'm here to change that. First up, Hollywood Boulevard. The street that you enter when you first walk into the park. Listen, you might come and fight me in the comments, but I will defend myself. I'm going to say the Cobb Salad from the Hollywood Brown Derby. I am not a salad girl. I've never been a salad girl. I don't think I ever will be. Like, that's just not my thing. But I love the Cobb salad from the Hollywood Brown Derby. I I don't know what part specifically it is about the salad that I love so much, but every time I'm there, I have to get the salad. Hollywood Brown Derby in Hollywood that originally came up with the real original Cobb salad. It's wonderful. It's delicious. You don't again, you can sit at the lounge and not do a full table service meal if you don't want to. So, just walk up to the lounge, order you a Cobb salad, order you a martini, sit outside, watch everybody walk around. That is how I do Disney World. Okay, next up, Sunset Boulevard. There are quite a few options for food on Sunset Boulevard, but let me tell you which one is the very best. And we are going to talk about the waffle bowls from Fairfax Fair. These have been around for a few years now, but I still feel like people don't know about them that much. They are [music] different kind of bowls made out of like waffle bowls, but they're all savory. Some of them a little bit of sweet, but they are so good. I've tried them all and I love them all. But I'm specifically going to put the Korean barbecue pork belly bowl as the top. That one I'll get it every time. Always satisfied. It is always a good portion. Let me just read you the description of this so [music] you know what I'm talking about. The Korean barbecued pork belly bowl is braced pork belly tossed in Korean barbecue sauce topped with Korean salad and green onions served on mashed potatoes in a waffle bowl. If that's not really your taste, they have two other options. There's a barbecue beef brisket bowl and a buffalo chicken bowl. So, these are a really good option for a hearty, nice, savory meal in the middle of your park day. You can take them on the go all the time. What I like to do is grab them for dinner. You go get you a bowl, then you walk over to Fantasmic and you enjoy Fantasmic as you're eating one of these waffle bowls. Now, moving over to Echo Lake. There are a couple restaurants over here, but they're not making our list for the best item. And we're going to go with a sweet dessert item this time for Echo Lake. Of course, we're picking a funnel cake. Okay, when you think of the theme park, one of the classic theme park foods is a funnel cake. I love a good funnel cake. And over at Epic Eats, you can get funnel cakes with ice cream, with whipped cream, with sprinkles, the whole shebang. So many good options for funnel cake. Get one for the whole family. Share, make a mess, have a good time, make some memories, enjoy your theme park day. Over on Commissary Lane, uh the little area in between um other lands that we sometimes kind of forget about. Really only going to be one option for this and it is ABC Commissary. But with that being said, we as a whole as a team love ABC Commissary. It is one of our favorite spots in [music] the whole park. They have a lot of great options for everyone. everyone's kind of pallets, you know. Um, they have really great options for picky eaters. They've got some other stuff that, [music] you know, more mature palettes will also enjoy. It's always fresh. It's always nice. A hearty meal. I, for one, am a big fan of the Buffalo chicken grilled cheese. It's what I get every time. Also need to mention that ABC Commissary has the thick steak fries. Okay, I love me a good Disney fry. Backlot Express, they are the small, skinny ones, but at ABC Commissary, they are the thick steak fries. And I appreciate that because you don't find those everywhere. They've got great tacos. They've got great sandwiches. They've got some cold sandwiches as well. So, whatever you need, ABC Commissary has got you covered. Plus, there are props from ABC TV shows in there. Abbott Elementary, um, High Potential, you know, other shows like that. Now, moving on to one of my favorite spots in all of Disney World, and that is Star Wars Galaxy's Edge. If you do not know, if you're new to the channel, hi, welcome. My name is Fry, and [music] I worked in Galaxy's Edge. I was on the opening team of Galaxy's Edge, so it holds a very special place in my heart. I actually worked food and beverage, so food in Galaxy's Edge is my specialty, and I know more about it than anyone should probably ever know. But the best thing to get in all of Star Wars Galaxy's Edge is a breakfast Ronto wrap. Just all of the Ronto wraps [music] are the best item. But the breakfast Ronto wrap takes it up even to a higher level. But in the morning, you can get the breakfast Ronto wrap, which is cheese, pork sausage, egg, and it's got the peppercorn sauce all wrapped up in that warm, beautiful pita bread. It's just I I rope drop RTO roasters every time I go to Galaxy's Edge. Now, if you can't if if you're not there by breakfast, that's okay. Still get a Ronto wrap during lunch, during dinner. Pork, sliced pork, [music] the sllo, and the peppercorn sauce. Again, wonderful. And finally, our last land [music] in Hollywood Studios is Toy Story Land, which fun fact, I also worked in Toy Story Land in quick service. With that being said, over at Woody's Lunchbox, you are going to find Tachos, which is Disney's version of nachos, but made with what they call potato barrels, which are tater tots. Okay, they're just tater tots. They call them potato barrels cuz it's fun and it's in theme, but is basically nachos with tater tots. So, you've got tater tots, you've got chili, you've got cheese, you've got sour cream, you've got onions, and it's just oh, wonderful. It's so good. It's very, very delicious. You can also get a breakfast version of tachos. the breakfast tachos which are also really really good because they've got that gravy on it and an egg and also really good. If you can't get a breakfast Ronto wrap, you have to get breakfast tacos. Those that's number one and number two, breakfast items in the park. [music] Now, the theme parks can't have all the fun. There are some incredible food stops around the hotels at Disney World and that is where a lot of the underrated hidden gem conversation [music] comes in. Most of the time when people are going to Disney World, if it's their first time or even if it's their 10th time, they're really not dining at the resorts. And you are missing out on an entire world of incredible food if you're not checking out the resorts. I'm just going to fast mention a few of our favorites. If I don't talk about something you love, it's not because it doesn't deserve a shout out. It's just because there are literally hundreds of incredible restaurants around Disney World Resorts. We're trying to give you a condensed guide what's really worth your time. And if we mention all of them, that's really not the most helpful. One standout in 2026 is going to continue to be the Blue Ribbon Corn dog stand over at Disney's Boardwalk Resort. This is where you're going to find really fun different corn dogs. They even have a salmon dipped bite right now. In the past, they've deep fried Hawaiian rolls, which was crazy and delicious. This one was new in 2025. It's originally over in Disneyland where you can find the famous pickle dog. It is delicious, super filling, and a lot of fun. and it's one of the only places you can find it. So, it's why it deserves a shout out because I made this list. SA is also high on the list over at Animal Kingdom Lodge. It has African and Indian inspired flavors as well as just some incredible bites like the full bread service, which I have gone to the bar just to eat bread service and then leave. It is all delicious. Definitely worth the trek over and you can see a lot of live animals because of where it is located. Topelino's Terrace over at Disney's Riviera Resort has been a standout for years. It's going to continue to be a standout and I don't see a future where it's not one of the top Disney World restaurants, at least not over the next few years. Breakfast is a character dining where you have fun with Mickey and his friends all art. They have different uh costumes that you don't typically see. It is a prefix meal and it is one of the most popular Disney World breakfasts and for good reason. Dinner is also incredible. You can find a lot of Italian American inspired bites as well as a few [music] French nods. And it is a little bit on the pricey side, but perfect for a nice experience, anything you're celebrating or even just a fun birthday splurge. Popping back over to Disney's Boardwalk Resort. We're going to shout out the Cake Bake Shop. This one opened in 2025. It's going to continue to be popular throughout 2026 [music] because of the massive slices of cake, the delicious cocktails, and the really fun dining atmosphere. It's gorgeous. There's nothing that we've had here that we haven't been absolutely obsessed with. And it just makes you feel fancy. There's something about it that feels very Disney thanks to the sparkles and the pink and just the overall atmosphere. It is so nice. And I even got to do afternoon tea there in the Everything series which made it feel even more elevated because that's something we've really been missing in Disney World since the pandemic. Disney's Polynesian [music] Village Resort. Typically, this shout out goes to Ohana, but not this year. In 2026, we're shouting out Tamboo Lounge because while Ohana is one of our favorites and it is very good, it's also really pricey and the quality is not what it once was. However, Tamboo Lounge [music] is where you can grab noodles, pot stickers, and even chicken wings straight from Ohana without having to pay the prefixed price and without having to fight for that hard to get reservation. It gives you all of our favorites. It gives you delicious bites and you can share it. And so it's inevitably going to be cheaper if you're going with a large group than if you all went to Ohana and had to pay per person. Steakhouse 71 is taking the crown for Disney's Contemporary Resort. It is a steakhouse, but my goodness, the burger is the reason to go. It is one of the best burgers in Disney World. Although it does have a few rivals, this one is still going to hold the number one spot in our heart. It's a smash burger with pork belly on top, sweet pickles, and it comes with waffle fries on the side that will absolutely blow you away. Plus, I absolutely love the steaks, but you know, one of the best things you can grab there is the pork [music] chop. This one's a nice fancier experience as well. It's also a great spot if you're going for a nicer breakfast before your Magic Kingdom morning. And the cocktails are delicious. If you're really not looking for a full reservation, they also have a lounge that is first come, first serve where you can get a lot of these favorites, but not all of them. One of my favorite hidden gems that has been a family staple for me personally for years is Geyser's Point over at Disney's Wilderness Lodge. Take a boat from Magic Kingdom and you will get the most beautiful water views. You won't even feel like you're in Disney World. And this is where you're going to find some amazing salads, burgers, and other lighter entre that just make you feel incredible. They're so delicious. It is so underrated. There's almost always an easy spot or place to sit. And this burger is one that I think does rival the Steakhouse 71 burger. It is arguably one of the most popular burgers in Disney World and I see why. And then finally, I'm going to shout out Scat Cat over at Disney's Port Orleans because [music] this is where you're going to get those famous Mickey beignes. They are actually worth the hype. They're light, [music] pillowy, and sweet. Plus, they offer a ton of rotating flavors throughout the year and special dipping sauces. Absolutely worth the hype. And Scat Cat Lounge also has different entre. So, if you want Mickey Beignet in addition to your dinner, this is the spot to go. [music] If you don't want a full dinner, Scat Cat Club is a spot where you're going to grab just a few light bites before you hit the road. Now, in this hotel section, I'm also going to give a shout out to Disney Springs restaurants. Disney Springs restaurants are so worth the hype, and it's even harder to choose favorites there than it is over at the resort. A few of our favorite spots are The Polite Pig, Summer House on the Lake, Homecoming by Chef Art Smith, uh Morioto's Asia Street Food, uh Gideon's Yeah, Gideon's [music] Bake House. There are so many incredible Jock Lindsay's Winebar George, The Boat House. All of these are so amazing. These are just the ones sticking out to me, and I'm not even mentioning all of [music] the amazing options that you can find. If you want a more in-depth look, we definitely have a full guide to Disney Springs where you can learn a little bit more about the entire spot, not just the restaurants, but definitely go check that out. All right, now let's talk about some new favorites that have come across uh in the past year or so. First off, I've already talked about it when we talked about Epcot, and that is GO82. This is the new lounge in Epcot, like I said, inside Spaceship Earth. It's beautiful. The atmosphere is very nice. It has really good food and drinks as well. We were very pleasantly surprised and want to go back again and again. It's just one of those places where you just want to hang out. You just want to be there and experience it and you're going to be satisfied with whatever you get. So, Gio82, a really great lounge if you can get into it cuz it is pretty crowded right now. Another one that we are adding to this list is in fact another lounge that has recently opened. The first lounge ever in Magic Kingdom is the Beacon Barrel over in Adventureland right next to Pirates of the Caribbean. This is a Pirates of the Caribbean themed lounge. And again, like I said, this is the first lounge ever in Magic Kingdom. For the longest time, there was not alcohol in the park at all. And then it was a big change, very big controversial thing when Disney allowed alcohol at table service restaurants. But now with the lounge, it this is it's actually kind of crazy to even say and think about and know that this is now a thing in Magic Kingdom. And that is all we have on the new favorites list for right now. But if you are a foodie and if you're into Disney World, then hey friends, hello. But also, we've got a lot to look forward to in the next coming years because a lot of new restaurants are going to be coming with all the construction that's going on all over Disney World right now. So, we're going to have new lands like Pueblo Espironza over in Animal Kingdom. That is the Tropical America's land. There's going to be the biggest quicks service restaurant ever in Disney World is coming to that land. So, very excited for that. We're going to have Monstropolis coming to Hollywood Studios, which in the concept art is Harry Housins. Okay. Are we getting Harry Housens? I need to know that because that's been my dream ever since I saw Monsters Inc. We've also got Piston Peak coming to Magic Kingdom. Also, Villains Land. Villains Land is also coming to Magic Kingdom. What kind of snacks do we think the villains like to eat? So, with all with all that to be said, we are expecting a lot of foodie news hopefully this year in 2026. So, if you want to know more about that as well, stick around, follow us here on YouTube, here on Instagram, our socials, all your net, everywhere to be in the know cuz as soon as we know, we're going to tell you. We've talked about some of our favorite bites and snacks and even the newbies on the block. However, there are some to avoid and that is very important in Disney World. We've kind of already touched on a few, but a few that deserve shout outs of like really trying not to have these are going to be things like prepackaged snacks. Now, there are prepackaged snacks that are good and tasty and great, but they're not as good as they could be. For example, you're going to find a lot in the confectionary on Main Street. Um, pre-made candy apples are a great example. You can grab one off the shelf and enjoy it and it'll be tasty. Or you could grab one fresh made in-house that day from behind the counter. It's going to be better, I promise you. And it'll still have the longevity that the prepackaged one does. Same can be said for Rice Krispie treats or even just little snacks like M&amp;M's. The M&amp;M's are fun and good, and if that's what your kiddo wants, that's what they should get. However, there are a lot of really delicious chocolatey sweet treats that you can only grab in Disney World. And while you're there, you might as well enjoy the special things and not the things that you can just grab at home. Another avoid that lands on our list, unfortunately, is turkey legs. I'm so sorry to eat turkey leg. I occasionally enjoy one every now and then, but after a while, they just become too much. They're really greasy, really fatty, and you just kind of start getting the meat sweats. I'll be honest, they're delicious, but definitely consider sharing them or being, you know, aware that you're not going to be able to finish the whole thing nine times out of 10. Now, if you've always wanted to try one, this is your time. It is your time to enjoy one in Disney World. However, it's one that stays in our avoid list. You can do anything else in our opinion, [music] to be honest. Finally, churros. churros around Disney World, avoid them. They're nine times out of 10 going to be pretty stale. They're going to be not as fresh or as crunchy as you want and not pillowy on the inside. Overall, just a total skip. Now, this one is interesting because Disney is known for their churros, but not Disney World, Disneyland churros. There is a difference, a significant difference, [music] and that's where a lot of the confusion comes from. If you want a really delicious churro that is actually worth your time and money and will be all the things a churro should be, go to Nomad Lounge in Animal Kingdom. [music] They are amazing and they come with specialty dipping sauces. Plus, you get a nice cool seat [music] and if you want a beverage, you can also grab one there. Now, hopefully this video is helping you a lot in regards to Disney World food and Disney World snacks cuz there's a lot out there. It can be very overwhelming, but we've got something just for that to help you. and something that you can take with you while you're in the park so that you don't forget it. We at All Ears have created our list of the 10 best snacks in Magic Kingdom. We've done our research. We've eaten all the snacks for you. We know what's good, what's bad, what's worth your money. So, we have compiled all of that in a list for you to take with you. You can download it for free by scanning [music] this QR code you see on the screen right now or by going to allers.net/magicnacks. And you can get this completely free. It is our list of the top 10 best snacks we think in Magic Kingdom. Go check it out, download it, take it with you in the parks and see if you agree with us. Okay, back to the video. Now, to wrap up this video, I am going to go over some underrated favorites that not a lot of people talk about, but definitely ones that you should know about. Number one from Magic Kingdom over in Fantasy Land, found at the Cheshure Cafe, is the Pepper Jack pretzel. This is a great pretzel if you want something a little bit more than just your normal basic Mickey pretzel. Sorry Mickey, but sometimes you can be a little basic. This one has nice pepper jack cheese in it. It's so amazing. Nope, I hate that. Number two, over in Epcot in the France pavilion, you can get a Kisha Lraine from Leol Bulerie Petisserie. Uh, this is something that I like to get anytime I'm in Epcot. Any time of day, does not matter. Leall is amazing. They have a bunch of different kiches, a bunch of different pastries, but the kiche lraine is one that the whole team goes back to again and again. We've also got the California cheese and shakuerie plate from Baseline Tap House over in Hollywood Studios. In general, we love Baseline Tap House. [music] We love hanging out there, grabbing a bite, grabbing a beer, and just hanging out with our friends. And lastly, in Animal Kingdom over at Flametree Barbecue, which is kind of in the front of the park, recently they have been popping off with the Cheesecake Pops. They've released quite a few with each different season that has passed, and they're amazing. All of them. Every single one of them has been great. So, if you are in Animal Kingdom and you walk by and happen to see that on the menu, try it. You will not be disappointed, no matter what flavor it is. >> There you have it. our full guide to dining in Disney World. And if you want breakfast specifics, we also have that up on the channel. Now, now, if you've already stuck around this long, go ahead and comment this secret code down below so we know that you made it this far. [music] And don't forget to subscribe. We post tips, tricks, games, challenges, food news, and more from Disney World all week long. >> Why? Because we're serious about fun. Bye.
