---
video_id: 6EqoqohEcNg
channel: AllEars.net
title: "I Think This Is The Hardest Disney World Game Of All Time"
published: 2026-03-03
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6EqoqohEcNg
---
It's official. This is the hardest Disney World game of all time. Buckle up, friends, and play along because we are set for a strange day in Disney World and beyond today as we have to follow exactly what this game tells me to do all around the parks. We're playing Connections. Disney World connections to be specific. And I am so nervous. I am so bad at connections. But we basically have to figure out these words are grouped in groups of four. We have to figure out what those are and then go do a task in or around Disney World for each group that I think will build us a strange day, maybe a fun day. I don't know. I just love doing games like this cuz it takes us a little off the beaten path. Maybe we do some things we wouldn't think of otherwise. I don't know. But let's get started. Okay. Immediately I'm feeling flying creatures. Um, I'm feeling like Pegasus and Owl and Tinkerbell and Carpet might be my flying might be flying characters. I'm ready to be wrong immediately. Okay, this is going to be hard. Frozen, Tangled, and Brave and Bolt are all single word movie titles. Maybe one word Disney movie titles. Okay, now we have to go do a task for this one. So, we have to find merchandise from three different one-word title movies uh in Disney World. Well, I will do that. Let's go. I have got to have three merchandise items from movies with one-word titles. I can maybe do that. And here fantasy fair. This is a shop. It's right at the exit of Mickey's Filler Magic between Philhar Magic and Peter Pan's Flight. Usually has some good It's a small world merchandise. A lot of headear, ears, and things like that. Some apparel. There are pins as well. One word movie titles. See if we can do anything in apparel first. Well, technically that would be Fantasia ears, but I think those are specifically Disney World Fantasmic ears for this Most Magical Place on Earth collection. So, I'm not going to count it. Let's see if we can uh find something else. I do think the pins are going to be our best bet here. These are all Parks pins. That's Peter Pan's two words. Winnie the Pooh is many words. Snow White is two words. What we got down here? Lion King also too many words. Okay, here's one. I've got Mulan. That is a one word movie title. I'm going to start there, but I think we should get something in different stores just to have a little bit more exploring. So, I don't know where should we go next. There's a store that I really love uh back in the corner of Fantasy Land called Bonjour Village Gifts and it has mostly Beauty and the Beast merchandise, but maybe we'll get lucky and find something else. Oh, you know, Pinocchio would be good if we could find some Pinocchio. Um, and Storybook Circus, I think, will have some stuff because Dumbo, one word movie title. Bambi, one word movie title. What else? Well, a lot of the modern movies, Frozen, Tangled, all one word movie titles. Maybe we'll be able to find some good Frozen or Tangled in Bonjour Village Gifts. Bonjour Village Gifts is located in the back of the little Beauty and the Beast section of Fantasy Land right next to Gaston's Tavern. It's not open all day, so you might not see it if you're back here earlier in the morning or later in the evening, but when it is open, it's a really cute shop to walk around. Usually have a lot of home wares in addition to some Beauty and the Beast stuff. Oh, it's candy in here right now. What? Okay, that's all Beauty and the Beast, which is many words. Wow. Why is it all candy? I haven't been in here in a minute. It's all candy. I don't think we're going to have any luck in here. Dang, this used to have a lot more home wear and costume dresses. Interesting. All right, I'll head into Big Top Souvenirs, I suppose, next. This is a pretty big store, so it should have another option for me. One word movie merch. A lot of story books is closed. I was hoping one of those merch carts in the back would be open, but I don't think so. So, we'll have to find another store. It's weird when I actually want to buy something in Disney. I feel like I'm having to walk a long way to get to stores. All right, this cutie Dumbo plush. Look at him. Gosh, Dumbo. That movie is so sad. How much are you, friend? $34.99 for this guy. He's very cute. Look at his big ears. He can fly with those. Okay, now I need to find my way to another merch spot for my final piece of merchandise. I think we can find our third merch item for a movie with a one-word title, Star Traders. This one might be a little tricky because like it's a big focus which is obviously Lilo and Stitch which is not one word but maybe they'll have something. They have some pins. We got pins again. But let's see if we can be a little more creative. Ears maybe. Maybe some ears. Not a ton of movie ones. They have Monsters Inc. Alice in Wonderland. Are those No, that's not Bobby. Are those Fantasia ears? Perfect. Legit actual Fantasia ears. Oh, also this would count as Zootopia. Create your own Zootopia headband. But I am definitely going with these. Incredible Fantasia ears. Look at these. Those are gorgeous. I don't wear ears because my head's really big, but these are pretty. They are 40 bucks. $29.99. But wow, those are pretty. But we've done it. That is three merch items. Check. Okay, next. Gosh, I can't believe those flying characters weren't the weren't the thing. Okay, mirror trick. I am stomped, you guys. Okay, straw and pine are both kind of made from trees. Blue and water are both kind of blue. It could be things that are on Haunted Mansion. It could be like banshee trick mirror, but that doesn't feel good. They have carpet on Haunted Mansion. I don't know. I think we should just try it. I'm unsurprised there. pine straw band. I got I'm going back to the my I think it's Pegasus Tinker Bell owl. I just don't know what the last thing would be here. This things things that fly. Carpets fly. Do bans I mean banshees fly, but they're not a specific character. Who is Banshee? Disney characters have wings. Who is Banshee? Banshee. Disney. Oh, a Banshee from Avatar. All I could think of was the screaming ghost. Okay. Well, what do we have to do here? Um, ride an attraction featuring a character that flies. I think I know where we can do that. Let's go. Well, I think this is a pretty good option, don't you? 30 minute wait is a bit long, but you know, I'm probably okay with it. I need to ride something that fly. Oh, wait. If Barntorm has a shorter weight, Barntormer also flies. So, we could do Barnstormer character that flies. I mean, what do we think? Goofy doesn't fly, but he does in an airplane. I don't know. That's probably not a character that flies. Probably should do Dumbo. Or we could do Under the Sea Journey Little Mermaid because that one is scuttle. Let's check some weight times. So, I don't see Journey Little Mermaid looks like it has a longer weight. It says it's posted 35, but I'm I'm uh I don't trust the Little Mermaid weight. I saw it posted like 40 or something in a recent challenge and it was basically a walk-on. It is much busier back here than it was then, but I'm going to go judge the line with my eyes and maybe we'll ride that Little Mermaid. Ariel doesn't fly, but Scuttle sure does cuz he's a seagull. So, that would be a good option for this one. The lightning is backed up. That's ominous. Under the sea journey of the Little Mermaid is a dark ride where you sit in a cram show and ride through the story of the Little Mermaid with, you know, animatronic aerial. You'll see all your favorite characters. You'll hear the songs from the movies. Very fun. H looks like it's probably actually 35. I can see people outside down there. Has at least a fast moving line, so the longer weights don't feel so bad. Is the boy himself, a flying character. Saw so many scuttles on that ride. Definitely a character that flies. So, check. We've done it. Okay, now we only have to figure out which of these two go together. Straw, pine. I'm feeling good about straw, pine, and water just because they're all kind of natury. After that, I get kind of stuck. But let's think about these others. Flying carpet trick band like the like Main Street Philarmonic Philarmonic like Main Street Philarmonic Blue. I feel like mirror and carpet go together. Straw, water, pine. I'm going to go band like they're all kind of natury. Maybe like band of a tree. Band of like the bands in a tree that says how old it is. That can't be right. It wasn't. Then I'm going to go blue because I just feel like ends in a fruit. Watermelon, pineapple, strawberry, blueberry. Somebody needs to fight the New York Times for coming up with this with this game. Did they came up with this originally? Because this is brutal. But the good news is we won't have to think too hard on the last one. Uh we do have to head out for instant a fruit to find my favorite fruit hole. Can I even do that in Disney World? Um um technically the rules don't say I have to stay in Disney World. I'll figure it out. Can't do this one in Disney World. So, I'm in Publix. Oh, okay. Got my basket. Uh, we are getting my favorite fruit hole. They don't have my favorite fruit hole anywhere in Disney World to my knowledge, but we're going to find it at Publix. I hope I go over there. Yeah, I see it. My favorite fruit, fun fact, is kiwi. And here they are. I found them. They're five for five. This is This one is definitely a good one. Is very ripe. Um Publix is the grocery store chain, predominant grocery store chain in Orlando. It is a little pricey, honestly. Um I typically like to stop at more budget options for my regular grocery trips, but they do have good variety and they have grocery delivery, uh which might be relevant if you're staying at a Disney World hotel. I just checked my task to make sure I didn't have to eat this kiwi. I am going to buy it, but technically we found a kiwi. the task is done. Um, but just remember you can use grocery delivery at your Disney hotel instead of spending tons of money on tons of food the whole time you're in Disney World. So, it's great even just for breakfast and a couple of different places do it. So, you know, you can kind of pick and choose. Um, I think with Publix you do it through Instacart, but you always get groceries delivered. All right, final one. Um, I think that this is maybe things I think mirror and carpet are things that are magical for sure in Disney World. Tricks can be magical like magic trick and bands. I mean, the power of music is magical, but that's my guess is it's things that are magical. And I don't know why a band is there. Words that can follow magic. Magic mirror, magic band, magic carpet, magic trick. Oh my gosh. Okay, all we have to do is one more thing and we've solved it, which is shocking. Uh, without using my final mistake. I can't believe I let it get that close. Okay, so we just have to Oh, we just have to go get pixie dusted. I'm off. So, for us to get pixie dusted, we're going to head into Sir Mickey's. This is actually my favorite themed merchandise shop in Magic Kingdom. Uh, and that's because it's themed to Mickey and the Beantock. It's one of my favorite Mickey shorts of all time. Uh, it even has its very own beantock. And if you go inside, of course, you can see in the windows out giant hunting. Be back soon. Mickey, I don't think the giant hunting is going too well because he is breaking into the store. But, you know, that's all right. Some folks are already getting pixie dusted over here. So, I'm going to wait. Pixie dusting is a very cute free little moment you can do where if you speak to the cast members in Sir Mickey's, they can put some pixie dust on your head and help you make a wish with a little wand. It is very fun. The pixie dust will stay in your hair and get all over your clothes and probably your car seats later or your hotel bed. But um it is a great way to add a little extra magic, a little extra sparkle and dazzle to your Disney day. That was super fun. I just love getting a little glitter in my hair. I'm in Disney World. I should have glitter in my hair or pixie dust. Pixie dust and glitter look remarkably similar, but pixie dust is magical. Glitter is not. That's the catch. I am pretty proud of that. I would like to have not used three mistakes and almost lost the game, but I made it. I made it through my first game of Disney Connections. I thought this was so much fun. It took me to do some very surprising things during my Disney day today and also my Publix day. This is obviously a brand new game. If you like it, please let me know if you can think of some other things to make it a little more spicy, a little more interesting, a little more fun. Just let me know in the comments. I would love to add some of your ideas to the connections game so that we can all play it together and keep finding some weird and wacky stuff around Disney World. For long-term watchers of the channel, we want to find something that's a little bit like game master or everything in Disney World that takes us off the beaten path in a very fun and challenging way. And thank you guys so much for watching. If you are still here, please like this video and drop this secret code in the comments so I know that you made it all the way. Plus, don't forget to subscribe. We upload tips, games, and more from Disney World and beyond like Publix all week because we are serious about fun. I'll see you next time.
