---
video_id: FYHdpwWBPEU
channel: AllEars.net
title: "I LOST MY LUGGAGE IN SINGAPORE AFTER FLYING FOR 30 HOURS 😭✈️"
published: 2026-03-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FYHdpwWBPEU
---
I'm in Singapore after flying for almost 30 hours and they did in fact lose my luggage. Now I am flying with United. They updated me before I even landed in Singapore that hey, your bag did not make it on that flight. And that's okay. But it means my bag is not going to make it for roughly 24 hours to Singapore. And we obviously have plans. We're doing things. So we're going to see how this goes together. Now I will say I'm very lucky. I listened to directions and they told me keep all my important stuff with me. So, like medicine, skin care, brush my teeth. I've got all that in here. But clothing underwear? >> No. >> Okay, bag lost. Update number two. I don't have pajamas, but luckily the hotel we're staying in does have robes. That's what I'm sleeping in tonight. And honestly, things could be much worse. I'm just hoping we still get it by tomorrow night. Okay, day two of luggage lost. Um, this is the shirt I wore yesterday. These are pants that Quincy's going to wear tomorrow, but she's letting me wear today. You can really see my sunburn rocking in this. And the bag is supposed to be coming at 8 PM tonight. >> And how did you sleep? >> I slept good. I It was really hot actually at some point. >> Luckily, a toothbrush here. >> Yeah, toothbrush here. All the essentials, just not close. >> Day number two, issue number 5,000. Uh, we came to the pool and I can't get in the pool because I don't have a bathing suit. And Quincy is firmly in the the cool pool looking cool. It's been 24 hours since I lost my bag, and I think we're about to get it. >> I'm so tired. I'm so excited. I want my bag. >> You got your bag. There it is. >> It's been on a journey. >> It does look a bit worse for wear. >> It's here. >> Thank goodness you have a cover on that thing. >> It's fine. I don't care. Let's go home.
