---
video_id: 7J4c4bk-Mmo
channel: AllEars.net
title: "I Broke Disney World (And You Should Too)"
published: 2026-02-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7J4c4bk-Mmo
---
Let's break Disney World with this child's water bottle. I'll explain everything. Here is a very cool hack for mobile order. I used to think if you placed a mobile order, you got the time you got. But guess what? A cast member told me recently that's not true. You can modify mobile order return times the exact same way you can modify Lightning Lane reservations. And here's how you do it. Okay, so I'm clicking order food, doing Regal Eagle. Pick the food that you want your beverages. Check out. It says you'll need to use the app to let us know you're ready for us to prepare your order. Down below that, you have the option to change arrival window or cancel order. hit change arrival window and you'll be offered a set of alternate times that are available for return. Uh if one pops up right away that's earlier, pick it. Go for it. Uh if there's not, then you're going to want to toggle back and forth between the two screens until you find a time until a time pops up that's earlier than the one that you have. If that's what you want to do, if you want to make it later, you can make it later. It's a lot easier to do that. But if you want, if you're starving and you're like, "Ah, actually, I can't wait 45 minutes," try this technique. I was able to get in 15 minutes earlier than the time that I was given. I was also trying this not that long before the return time that I was originally given. So, this is something that you can absolutely use on a very busy day. Like today, we're in between festivals. A lot of people are in the quick service restaurants because they don't have those boos. And if you use this trick, you can probably get your food faster than you think. This is a dining plan hack. So, both of the options for the dining plans, whether you do the quick service or the table service dining plans, offer one snack credit a day for you to use as you wish. We recommend that you purchase things over $5 with these snack credits because that's about what they're worth. If you use them for something that costs less than $5, you're losing money by doing this with the dining plan. But if you get this item right here, the Tokyo sushi combo here at Kabuki Cafe is a full size meal portion of sushi that's $14. And it doesn't say it on the side except for right here. For one snack credit on the Disney dining plan, you can get the $14 sushi platter, which is a full meal. That means if you're doing either of the dining plans, you can use your meal credit for breakfast and one for dinner and have this for lunch and be completely filled up, like more than full. And we've checked it. This is the best value of any item in Disney World for your snack credit. If you love sushi, this is your spot. You definitely want to use a snack credit on that sushi. Science with brea. Okay, I'm posted in Tomorrowland Terrace, which is the location you can usually find the allers crew eating or meeting before a game or just hanging out in general. And today I'm here because I want to show you our very special lunch that I put together using the cheapest snacks that you can buy in Walt Disney World. Starting off with the famous pickle. Here's that pickle that we love for $2.29. It's It's a lot of pickle. Probably should split with a friend, especially if the main course today is popcorn. Now, the first time you buy this popcorn bucket, it's going to be $14.29, but that includes your first fill. Every refill after that is $249. That's pretty darn cheap. Now, I know what you're probably thinking. This is a lot of salt. And that is true. Roughly 1,800 to 2700 millig of sodium in this one sitting, which is roughly 80 to 120% of the recommended daily limit of 2300 mg. That's more like you're getting more in one. Okay. So, what do we do about this? Well, yes, water is important, but water alone isn't going to do it. And yes, sodium is an electrolyte, but you create an imbalance when you get too much salt. And there's really no way to rehydrate with just water alone. You need potassium. We have the bananas. We're going to grab one of those right now. Also, for $2.29 29, making these two items two of the least expensive snacks that you can purchase on Walt Disney World property. The reason the banana is important is you need that potassium to balance the water and the salt and create an actual electrolyte balance that will rehydrate you. Otherwise, all you're doing is dehydrating yourself, even with water. Salt as electrolytes only aid hydration if there's water to grab onto. So without water, salt pulls fluid out of your cells to balance the bloodstream, increasing dehydration. You need the water to give those electrolytes something to hold on to so they can actually hydrate you. We are not talking perfect nutrition here. We are not talking recommended. We're talking cheap. And if you're looking to break Disney World, and that means not give them hardly any of your money, this is a way to do that with food. This tip comes from a friend that I have seen do this now for a long time, and I always thought that he was being whimsical. He carries a child's water bottle carabinered to his Loungefly. I finally asked him, I was like, "What's the deal with with the with the little kids water bottle, Gary?" And he said, "First of all, you're able to fill it up as many times as you need to without having to ask cast members for unreasonable amounts of cups of free ice water. Or he likes to use the refill stations, too. Either way, it's quick and easy to refill. Once you refill it, there's kind of a sipping action. Sipping is actually a superior method of hydration over being able to chug it. It's not about quantity. It's about a slow, gradual intake of water throughout the day. This is the simple modern Summit water bottle. It's 14 oz. It's not like you need to carry around your entire water intake for the entire day. like you don't need to be carrying pounds of water with you around Walt Disney World. This is such a great option, I think, because it's a lot lighter weight and you just refill it when you need new water. And here's my first test ever. Oh my gosh, it filled up with one. And then you get to sip this one. Okay, this is really exciting. You know that I've kind of been against water bottles just for the efficiency reasons. Okay, this is exciting. All right, here we go. I love it. I'm taken back to my childhood. Let me see. I love it. I love it. Gradual hydration. This has been my goal for 2026. I want to get better at drinking more water more slowly throughout the day and this is a perfect way to do it. The fact that it has this great carabiner and these are also reviewed. I got these carabiners from uh an Allears review from my fellow reporters and YouTube cast. It's this whole set of them that comes in here. I picked the black. I thought that coordinated nicely. The red was a little bit different from the red that is on the water bottle. This is a pack of 12, so you can clip all kinds of things to your Loungefly or your backpack or your cinch sack or your fanny pack or your stroller. I think we should make this a trend. Adults, Disney adults, simple modern water bottle for kids is just changed my life instantly. I feel like And I just want to show you that it's been like 2 hours and the ice is I guess this is how water bottles work. But I'm very excited. Here is Africa. There's the tree of life. And just to the left here, there's usually a guest experience umbrella there, there is a path that I call taking the high road, and that's because it's just a little bit higher up than the main path. When it gets busy later in the day, this is a major bottleneck at times, especially when people are stopping because they want to take a beautiful picture of themselves in front of the tree of life, which I completely understand. But I love that there's an option to go around that and not have to get stuck in this narrow walkway that has a beautiful view of the beacon of the park. This is a little rest area. Now, this used to be actually a meet and greet location. You can see up there is some LED theatrical lighting. In the evening when it starts to get dark that turns on and this turns into kind of a magically lit little area. And that's not the only magical part about it. If you sit over here in one of these seats, you get to look at the tree of life right there. I mean, that's some pretty prime seating. If you're purchasing something from Asia or Africa and you feel like walking over here because everything else is busy, this is a great quiet spot. It's literally like a little oasis back here. And continuing down the other side of this path over to the Asia side, you'll see that we'll exit right here by Caravan Road, which is where you can get that shaved ice that's very delicious. Beware with the mango. It is yellow. I've been made fun of for it and that's okay cuz it's very good. Mango passion fruit. And of course, Mr. Kimal's across the way. Magical path. You can see if you look this way, you can't even see it's there. So now you know, take advantage of it. Over here in Epcot, there are a few specific paths I take, not out of habit, but as part of my mental health routine. Over here in the area formerly known as Future World, which is now World Discovery, World Celebration, and World Nature, there are options. There are options to make your way over to World Showcase. Now, there is a path over here, and a lot of people like to take it because they start over in Mexico and go clockwise over to Canada, and then they end up over there. So, they take this little path that's over there. So, it can be really kind of claustrophobic and uh not a great feeling experience. In the middle, if you walk a little out of your way, you have this huge walkway. This is really important to me. I take this all the time. I take a few extra steps just so I can be out of the way of a stopped traffic jam kind of situation. But then coming from World Celebration to World Showcase, I actually do something different. I avoid this middle path to avoid all of the congestion that's over by Disney Traders and Port of Entry. I take the Odyssey walkway from here. There's hardly anyone here. Sometimes there will be on a busy festival day, like an opening day, but this is a Saturday. It's a nonfestestival Saturday. And look at this idyllic walkway. We have it completely to ourselves. And then over there, you can see all the people walking along there. It's people, people, people, people. And then just a couple people here hanging out and uh enjoying this nice day in Epcot. It's important to note that during a festival, Odyssey will be occupied and there will be people going to it. So, it might be busier than this on the day that you attend, but that doesn't mean this still isn't less crowded and more sane than taking the main walkway. And the view isn't bad. Also, welcome to Mexico. I was just traveling uh to our next tip or our next way to break Disney World and uh I ran into the man who taught me about the water bottle, Gary. The man, the myth, the legend himself. And here we are, Gary. Just two guys in Disney World with our children's water bottles. But look at us. Aren't we cool? No. And I love the fact that it's just so convenient. I'm not losing this. Sorry. Quincy burn. Thank you for teaching me about this. Would you like to also take part in a uh a tip that actually is something that you utilize often? And this is another thing that you made me think of. Uh, it involves getting to ride people mover multiple times, but not breaking any rules. I'm gonna get in this way so you can go the front way, Gary. And I want you to be h comfortable and hunkered down. You know why? Because subject to cast member discretion, it is absolutely reasonable, acceptable. I asked several cast members to make sure it is completely expected for guests to ask to ride a second time. There are a couple of rules about how that has to be done and when it is possible. Water is so cold. Ah, take the time to see this show. Golden hour. It's a little too golden. What is my skin made of? Tomorrowland authorities. Okay, it's time to get serious. Let's talk rules. If you wish to ride a second time, which is not guaranteed, do not stand up. A cast member told me the minute you stand up, you have to exit. That's it. There's no reloading at the exit. You can only stay on and ask to ride again. The second thing I need to tell you is it is very possible if it's busy or for any other reason a cast member might tell you, "I'm sorry. Today we can't let you ride a second time." And you have to be prepared for that. This isn't a time to argue. You don't want to argue on the moving sidewalk. Is it okay if we go and get to the other side? Okay. Thank you so much. and it's success. Follow the rules. We asked at the right time. We didn't stand up and they were happy to let us ride again. People mover ride too. Oh, did I hurt you? Oh, good to know they don't make a loud clang if you do drop it. You've heard of the backside of water. Well, this is the opposite way on the Tomorrowland Terrace shortcut. Yes, believe it or not, you can go in the opposite direction on the Tomorrowland Terrace shortcut. This is something I've shown before. The main bridge can get very, very busy. Um, and also during rope drop, it can get so busy that it's prohibitive to start from there. And this is a great place to know to uh use as an alternative if you're rope dropping Tomorrowland. Well, if you're going to break Walt Disney World in 2026, you're going to need the all ears loophole. Some of you are going, "Please, Breedlove, don't talk about this again." But a lot of you are saying, "I've never heard of it. Tell me more." And this is what I need you to know. Built into the Lightning Lane multipass system, there is a loophole that we at All Ears discovered the day it launched. Let your Lightning Wing reservation expire. You heard that right. The first hour that it shows you in the app. That is not the full extent of the time you have to return to the ride and ride it while it still scans green as opposed to blue. Blue means the reservation has really expired. Green means it's still valid. So after that first hour, not only does it not actually expire, but it allows you to book another reservation for another ride. So say you booked Mad Tea Party at 10:00 a.m. It shows that you have a return time of 10:00 a.m. to 11 a.m. You go ahead and let that first hour pass. And in the system, it's going to release that reservation slot, but it's not going to make it so that you can't ride the ride. In fact, you have an additional 2 hours after that first hour to come back and ride it, but you can still make the new reservation for the expired return time for your next ride. It's been well over a year since the new system launched. We've talked about it a lot. Well, here we are all this time later and the system is running the same way. The loophole is in place and I tested it this morning. The most I've ever stacked in terms of Lightning Lanes at one time were nine. Today, I matched my second best. I was able to make seven different Lightning Lane reservations stacked at one time just by using this loophole, letting that first hour return expire, and then making sure to ride that ride before the full 3hour return from start to finish expired. Our 10-minute alarm just went off for Mad Tea Party. So, let's ride. Now, there is some prolevel information I want to give you about how I keep track of all of the return times when I'm using the loophole and I'm stacking. because you no longer have times in the My Disney Experience app that you can rely on to tell you when to return. That's because we're ignoring them and we're coming up with alternative times. In order to keep track of all these times, I set timers and I name them. Yes, you can rename timers in the iPhone app and I do this in two different ways. I set a timer to remind me when it's time to book a new Lightning Lane reservation and I book a That's so funny. I was literally interrupted by one of our timers letting me know it's time to ride Tomorrowland Speedway. Luckily, I was already on the way there. But that just goes to show I really set my timers. Look at them all. Look at all these beautiful timers. Think I can make it to the victory circle. And they're off. Look, I'm driving. Woohoo. Get out on the highway. To me, well, just got a notification. We have 10 minutes to ride Tiana's. Luckily, we are pulling back into the station. We managed to get all the way across the park. We have two minutes to scan in. Scan. Thank you. Literally not a moment too soon. I'm here watching people return from the ride and consistently the people in the first three rows are wet and the person in the back row is a little got a little sprinkle. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. It's sort of like a a mist that you receive in the back row. Row 12. Highly recommend it. That is seven Lightning Lane reservations booked at one time, completely stacked. That's 12 out of 16 available Lightning Lane reservations. We were able to make total for the day. And I did everything wrong. I started this last night. I started it at like 11:00 p.m. So, everything was gone already. If you plan ahead, especially if you're staying in a resort and you start booking your reservations when you purchase this 10 days in advance, you are going to have a lot more options and start way earlier, but not bad for a procrastinator. There are a lot of people who dread bus transportation in Walt Disney World, especially with such iconic options that aren't the bus, like the boat and the Montreal and the Skyliner. All of these offer sort of the experience of a ride. The bus just gets you where you want to go, which is awesome. But sometimes it takes a long time to do that. But there is a hack. There is a way to break the system, and that's what we're going to do right now. If you're staying in a Walt Disney World Resort, you're definitely going to want to use a feature that's only available to you, and that is the Sea Bus Times feature in the My Disney Experience app. It's a hidden feature because it only appears if you have an active Disney Resort hotel reservation linked to your account. Open the My Disney Experience app. Tap the hotel icon or go to future plans and select your current resort reservation. Look for the button that says see bus times. Each bus is fitted with a GPS tracker. The app gives you a live countdown for when the bus will depart from your specific resort stop and its estimated arrival time at the park or vice versa. Instead of standing at a hot bus stop for 20 minutes, you can monitor the bus from your hotel room. If the app says the bus is 12 minutes away, you can rest assured it is very accurate and you can finish getting ready and walk out just as it pulls up. This can be a big argument for staying in a Walt Disney resort, having the peace of mind of knowing exactly when your bus is going to arrive. There's a less perfect alternative that is available to the rest of us free of charge. You just have to know about it. The first thing you need to do is download the Google Maps app. Open Google Maps and type in your destination. Say Magic Kingdom or Disney's Riviera Resort. I'm going to do Caribbean Beach Resort. Caribbean. There it is. Caribbean Beach Resort. There it is. So, I'm going to click directions. I'm going to click the first one here cuz I'm already here. And I'm going to click on that right there. This is going to give me the countdown for all of the bus times for this particular route. The next one comes in 5 minutes. The one after that will be 30 minutes, 55, etc. until it starts giving you times because it's far enough in advance it's not going to give you that many minutes. And there's another feature related to this I want to show you. Once again, we are going to click here on the bus we want to take. If we look down here by uh walk one minute here, you see there's a little button that says live view. And this opens a window to the world. And as you can see, I'm able to walk around and actually see these amazing augmented reality arrows that are guiding me in the direction of the bus stop. And now it's telling me the exact perfect place to go. If you made it to the end, go ahead and put this password in the comments below. And go ahead and hit like and subscribe and turn on notifications so you'll be the first to know when myself or one of my friends comes out with a brand new video. Something we do all week. Why? Because we're serious about fun. See you next time. This has progressed quickly and I'm now retrying water out of one of the refill stations. something that I did back in 2019. Well, this one tastes good. This tastes like normal good water. What's happening to me?
