---
video_id: v352lKEuvlA
channel: AllEars.net
title: "I Tried To WIN This IMPOSSIBLE Disney World Game -- Scavenger Hunt 10"
published: 2026-02-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v352lKEuvlA
---
We're going headtohead in a scavenger hunt all over Disney Springs. That's right. Take it away, Dragon. Oh my gosh, it's another scavenger hunt. This time it's another scavenger hunt written by Emma L. That means this one is hard as heck. My scavenger game has been off the past couple times. It has been a while. Uh, but instead of going for numbers, I think I'm going to have a little bit of a strategy and I am going to go for a line. I'm standing right outside of the Lego store. And while I wait uh to do what I think I want to do here, um, we'll explain the rules. The rules are simple. Whoever can get five in a row, whether it be five across, uh, vertically, horizontally, or diagonally, will be the winner. Okay. Now, this is actually a little area where it says build a race car. Build a race car right there. So, uh, we're going to do our best to build a tiny race car. Okay, here we go. For some reason, I'm just going in the opposite direction as Sage. Um, I don't know what I'm doing yet, but I like the fact that I'm close to World of Disney, which has every kind of merch you can think of. I've also got an Ariba's Brothers location, Ghirardelli. I've got the Art Corner over there. And the first square here says, "See an eruption." And I know where to find that because over on this side we also have Rainforest Cafe and the amazing volcano. Oh my gosh, it's going. I cannot literally believe that we were talking about it and we're seeing it now. It's going off. It's happening. I hear the noises. I hear the noises. There's some of the steam. The smoke is rising. I wonder where Sage is. Is he Oh. Oh, there it is. There it is. There it is. Literally was just saying, "I'm glad we're over here by Rainforest Cafe because we can see the first thing on the board, which is an eruption." And here we are actually experiencing it live before our eyes. Well, luck does seem to be on our side so far, but I don't want to start counting my eruptions before they're exploding. Don't think there's a water wheel on this side. I might be wrong. I kind of think there might be one that Mickey is pouring water onto through a terracotta pot or from a terracotta pot, but um I'm not sure. I could definitely find five different shades of white in the architecture. And uh five different shades of white. Okay, I'm going to find one here. All right. I mean, it's an off-white, but that has white in the name. And therefore, I'm going to count this white shingle as the first here on the side of Girardelli. This is a great one here at Aribba's Brothers, the Crystal Arts at Disney Springs. I believe we can count a lighting fixture as part of the architecture. And this is beautiful almost pearlized white for number two. Basin literally has white in its name. Basin white is the full name of this collection of stores. Now this was deceptive. That's a light blue. But this is a white and that's our number three. Okay. over here at World of Disney. I'm bringing my sunglasses down to make sure this is enough of a an off-white to be considered a white and not a putty. Uh, and I think this would be getting into putty territory. And this is probably an off-white and this is a clay. Oh gosh. Let me know. Let us know in the comments. But this is our fourth Oh, the water feature I thought might be a water wheel is not. It is Mickey pouring water from a terracotta pot into another pot into a larger pot and then subsequently into many smaller pots. As far as I know, that's not a question. So, let's move on. We need our fifth white architectural detail. Um, I'm seeing that on the side of basin white. There are shingles here, a really nice decorative pattern uh that are in a shade of white. We uh pointed out the trim of the window. Um, this would probably count as our fifth, but I want to be safe and go with something on a completely different building. So, that's what we're going to do. Passing back by Crystal Arts Disney Springs. I say that it's Crystal Arts Disney Springs specifically because Crystal Arts is also the name of the Ariba's Brothers location in Magic Kingdom and it's one of my very favorite stores there. You know what I'm seeing? I believe this counts as an architectural detail. This is a emergency defiill. Can I count that? No. Let's Let's keep moving. I probably could. Um, architecture, architecture, architecture, architecture. Um, I call this eight crazy legs cuz it's got eight wheels and four of them have no use. Here's my race car. Now, let's race it. We find something. Oh, this is nice. The the is it grout in between the bricks here is white. And this is at the co-op, which is an awesome store. And uh with that, we found different shades of white on architecture in Disney Springs. here. Get spit on by Stitch. Let's do it. Oh, and we can make a custom souvenir. Uh, a lot of different places. Um, I'm going to get pressed pennies and have my pressed penny redemption. In fact, should I do that now? I think I can do that at uh I can do that at pin traders. I can probably do that in here. Actually, can I do this in the little anti- zone between co-op and Crystal Arts? I think there is a press penny machine in here. Probably a pretty interesting one if it truly is here. Heading into the photo pass studio. This is the technically the little antique space. It's well used here. The reason I thought they had pressed pennies is because they have a fuel rod machine, but I actually don't see a press penny machine. If I've confused you, we've now come in the side entrance of co-op and I'm not seeing pressed pennies, but I'm going to ask because that's not cheating. Okay, we just got a tip that Once Upon a Toy Next Door has pressed pennies. So, we've done a whole lengthwise walk exactly through the sideways route through co-op and now we're going next door. You said you had a strategy. She said, "So, what is it?" My strategy is uh I'm actually going for the horizontal line second up from the bottom. I love Disney Springs. Uh I am I understand I'm a very lucky individual, but Disney Springs uh is definitely for me has become a little bit of like a date spot, like a date night just because there's so much to do here. It's essentially uh uh dining outdoors uh with with a little bit of Disney flare. They've got live entertainment. They've got normal uh shops that you would find like not Disney related like Sephora, Ron John Surf Shop, things like that. But they've got great table service restaurants, uh great quick service restaurants. Anyway, moving on because we are playing a game. Hey, this is Lime Garage. I think Lime Garage is superior to Orange Garage because I think Lime Garage is just an essential location. Orange and Grapefruit. Uh they tend to be just a little more of a walk. Unless you know you're only going to go to one place, then yeah, you can park in the garage that is closest to the one place you're going to. But typically, Disney Springs is kind of a walking and vibing experience. You may start near the orange garage near the movie theater, but might find yourself buying a toy over in the marketplace, which is on the opposite side. You just never know. So, I think Lime Garage is always the place to be. It's just the central second floor Lime Garage. That's where you'll find me at Disney Springs when I'm parking. Uh, I'm being charged $5 for all eight. These are frozen. They're being made now. Oh, that was was ejected right out of there. Oh, they're really they're really they're coming out like Okay. Do I call this redemption? Not necessarily. But I just got eight cool Frozen pressed pennies custom made for me here in Once Upon a Toy, which is an awesome toy store that you can visit here in Disney Springs and should and you should maybe consider paying $5 for eight press pennies or bring your dollar bills if you want to make singles. Now, the square that I'm looking at is show me show two different parking garages and tell you my favorite fruit. I haven't shown you both parking garages yet, so I won't tell you my favorite fruit. Before we get too far, I'm going to go to Deluxe Burger. Now, Deluxe Burger is essentially a burger joint. Uh, but they do have some specialty burgers and sometimes uh the burger like of the season. It's not really of the month, but of the season. Right now, they're doing a French onion soup burger. I once had the um uh the beef Wellington burger, which was just absolutely ridiculous. But anyway, it is a burger joint, but this uh but the deluxe burger actually is a nod to the Glowing Oak Ranch. The uh the Glowing Oak Ranch is actually part of the backstory for Disney Springs, specifically tied here to the Deluxe Burger restaurant, which is themed as the original ranch house where a family discovered a magical oak tree that glowed from uh from campfire light, honoring Florida's cattle ranching history. Though the ranch itself is fictional within Disney's lore and separate from the real Golden Oak Ranch used for filming. So, of all places, Deluxe Burger is where you'll find narrative and Disney lore about Disney Springs. I think it's hilarious. I salute you, Deluxe Burger. Okay, I see what Sage is doing. But if I can go over here and block him with cookie of the month, that's a Gideon's reference. Okay, I'm headed to Gideonss now. It's not in our marketplace area, which I have loved as a little safe haven, but I do feel a need to move along and block him. And here is the second garage I'm going to show you. This is the orange garage. Orange Garage is going to be the place you want to park if you are going to see a movie. Uh maybe you've got Oh, going to Planet Hollywood. Maybe you got a reservation at the Edison. Uh, hey, maybe you're going up on the Aerof file, which is that balloon right there. Maybe you're here to see uh some live entertainment. Why say it with me? Because live entertainment is important. I typically park in uh in the orange garage if you're doing anything in this area. Yes, all the way up to Cirus Sole. Now, yeah, there is additional parking by Cirus Sole, but that often fills up rather quickly. Uh, and I just tend to be a creature of habit and know what I know. So, oh, here's my favorite fruit. My favorite fruit. Huh? That's thing cuz there's there's a difference between flavors like fruit flavors you like and favorite fruit. You know what I mean? Cuz Okay, I got to think about this. Wow, this is a difficult question. Rounding the corner from Raglin Road. Pretty soon we will see what the line is like for Gideon's. I will ask the cast member who's at the front of the line guiding people into the store to see if they will tell me what the flavor of the month, the cookie of the month is. Wow. Well, the line is short right now. It's actually marathon weekend and yesterday or was it today was the first event? Yes, today is Thursday. So, a lot of people are in Disney World right now, and a lot of them are asleep because they were up running at 5:00 a.m. All right, this that I literally stood there for like 30 minutes. No, I did not. I stood there for like 2 minutes. Was like, "All right, I got to really really pick apart why this fruit is my favorite fruit." Um, but I think I'm going to go with pineapple just because uh it's it's it has many uses. The juice is great. The um as is great, as a garnish, it's great. Uh, it has a lot of um health benefits. It's not too sweet, but it's a little tart. You know, it's got a nice balance. I think I'm gonna say pineapple. But now I'm going to show you my favorite Disney hidden gem. Here we go. So, I'm going to show you my hidden gem in a second, and you're going to laugh. But I'm using this because what I'm about to tell you is true. Uh, I was here with some friends who had never been to Disney Springs before. And, uh, they were here visiting. Uh they went to Disney Springs a couple times without me uh on their trip recently and on the last day of the trip we just had like a small like little night outing and I was like great let's grab drinks and let's take a walk on the lake path. I said lake because there are so many buildings surrounding this lake not a lot of people know how big this lake is. It's one of my favorite things to do is to grab a drink to go. And look, all the people, all the people, they're not here. There are no people. You just grab a drink and you stroll and it's quiet. I mean, there's a little there's a little background music happening, but it's quiet. Uh you're it's the the views. Look at the views. The views are gorgeous. You're just taking a nice little stroll and and you're able to have a conversation. Laugh. Maybe stop. Maybe stop for You know what? Stop with me. Stop with me for a moment and look at the lake. You Oh, wait. Wait. Is that a car in the water? Yeah, that's a car that drives in the water, too. Wow, that's crazy. Didn't know that. Wow. Where did those boats go? Well, maybe you're staying at Saratoga Springs. Maybe you're staying at Orleans, Riverside, or French Quarter. Yeah, I don't know. But those boats will take you there. Not a lot of people optimize what this what this path and this lake can do. Uh, it's just beautiful. So, this is my hidden gem. Shout out to my friends who had no idea that there was a lake here at Disney Springs after visiting it four times in a row. Woo. Okay, I was not truly paying attention. Uh, now I have to go all the way back to Gideons, which is kind of in the town center area. Um, uh, cuz I I find the cookie of the month. Uh, so that's where we're going to go. And and then and then that'll be the win and very early win. I'm very excited. Here we go. All right, we got it. banana box pie cookie. If you have never visited Gideon's, it is a an experience and truly people line up, yes, for the cookies, but also to have the whole experience of being inside the store. It's almost like walking into the Haunted Mansion a little bit. It's very spooky, but also beautiful and really, really, really cool. And they have some of the best cookies on property. Many will argue the best cookies in all of Walt Disney World. Gideon's it's it's a job to get in there. You have to really devote some time, but for a lot of people, for most people, it's well worth it. Rageful right now. Oh, this is a game. And Reed Love did exactly what he was supposed to, but I was like, "Ah, I got it in the bag." It's fine. It's fine. It's fine. It's fine. It's fine. You music theater nerds, name that song. Um uh now now I think I'm going to go diagonal. I'm going to go I think I'm going to go eat a donut. I think I'm going to eat a donut because especially I'm I'm on this side and uh Everglazed is right here. So let's go eat a donut. And I literally just looked over here at Jock Lindsay's and remembered that this is totally tied into the sea lore. This is part of the Society of Adventurers and Explorers. It's tied into Indiana Jones, which is tied into the SEA through the pre-show of the Indiana Jones ride in Disneyland. probably through the pre-show soon when we say goodbye to Felicia Rashad and hello to whoever we say hello to in the in the pre-show. I don't know if it's going to be the exact same one they have in Disneyland. It'll be exciting to see it when it opens and replaces uh Dinosaur, which is not exciting. It's sad, but also it's exciting to get new things. And this is a totally themed bar. Uh they have small bites. I wouldn't really call it a a a restaurant, but it's definitely a lounge officially. And this is a location that is tied into the lore of the sea. Let's see if we can walk in and just look at a couple of the items. So, definitely lots of Indiana Jones connection. I mean, the whole place is it's an Indiana Jones themed lounge and it's all part of the SA. All right. All right. So, this is Everglaze Donuts and Cold Brew, where you can get more than donuts. You can get chicken tenders if you want. There's some sandwiches here. Uh, but we're here for a donut. I'm wondering if we get the savory donut. What is a savory donut? I don't think that's like the actual name for it. But it's like I mean, if we're going to do it, might as well do it. Okay. While I'm over here, I'm like weirdly hiding in the bushes next to the basket at Wine Bar George. Uh, but we're very close to where at Pleasure Island you used to celebrate New Year's Eve every night of the week. They did it at 900 p.m. So, it kind of started your night off. It was really cool. I got to see it. And, uh, it was it was a great it was a great show. They had illusions. Somebody appeared on top of a building and then disappeared. They did a full fireworks show at fake 9:00 p.m. midnight. Really great dance performances, singing. It was a very, very, very cool show. And now it's over here in this little area with the Edison and Maria and Enzos. This was sort of a blank area. There were two buildings that flanked it on either side and in the middle. You could go in and dance and watch the show and be completely amazed. And now it's two uh restaurants. The Edison kind of has immersive nightclub elements. They've got great performers there. They've got aerialists and uh and that's really super fun. And then Maria and Enzo's is a restaurant a lot of people really enjoy and they have a quick service location over here that has those giant slices of pizza. So good times were had and good times are still happening. I don't know if it's as good. This bridge used to be the entryway, the gateway into Pleasure Island. They had turn styles and uh yeah, this is where it all happened. you entered through here and then right here you can have that New Year's Eve show. If you're interested, a few years ago I did a whole video about I actually followed a park map for the original Pleasure Island and went to a lot of these locations. Like right here was a studio where you could record music videos. Um, everywhere you go, of course, there's something that reminds you of Pleasure Island because this was Pleasure Island. It's literally right here. And uh yeah, if you want to see it, you can watch it right here. Uh, while I'm on this side of town, I'm going to go to the Eminem store because uh I don't think the person who wrote this board, this the scavenger hunt board was thinking about this at the time, but it says uh meet a character or go to a spot where a character usually meets. The Eminem store often has uh the M one of the M&M's meeting. Now, next door, I am so excited. It's going to be level 99. It's I I'm hoping it it has the feeling of an updated Disney quest. I don't think it'll be super Disney themed, but I think it's going to have that same obstacle course gaming vibe, which I'm super excited for. But here, just sidebar, but anyway, here is the Eminem store. Literally anything Eminem you could ever want is here. We got uh merchandise, tumblers, mugs, uh t-shirts, and then of course actual M&M's, pillows. But right here is typically line forms here. This is where you would typically meet an Eminem. Maybe we have some B-roll. So, I went to the place. Uh, let me see if he's meeting today. So, he just got meet a character. I was kind of looking forward to that cuz it's kind of a obscure deep cut thing. I wonder which one he picked. The ones that I could think of were Santa Claus, the Coca-Cola polar bear, and also uh various M&M's in the M&M store. I'm headed over to where I think the water wheel is. I think it's, if I'm not mistaken, the thing that I'm questioning is if what I'm thinking of is a water wheel or actually just a water h a water a water screwdriver. I don't know. A water corkcrew. Is this a water wheel? This is the water wheel. I am going to interact with it. Fred love blocked me again with the SCA reference. Um, so I'm making a mad dash here, which is probably not my smartest move, but I think I because I know where he is locationally. I think I need to go get spit on by Stitch, which I know he's right there. So, I'm hoping he's tied up with another task and it's not getting spit on by Stitch. If I can get spit on my stitch, then I think I'll be able to do that to do that quite easily vertical row. We also need to block him because he can still grab that bottom row. Okay, on the way uh I'm going to stop and uh quickly take a picture with an antique ice maker and that can actually be found at Jock Lindsay's. Now, it hasn't been really working. And every time I've asked uh the antique ice maker, they don't really use it as much as they used to, but it used to create uh these little ice balls that would go in like an oldfashioned or like a whiskey beverage. And it's kind of large. And though it looks antique, I wonder if it's actually really antique. This is the antique ice maker. Sage is really narrowing in on this line up and down. Uh pick out four souvenirs or find train tracks. I'm going to go find the train tracks right now. Uh back in the marketplace. I am going to go to the little train that you can actually ride. and show the train tracks. I should have done that before, but I wanted to get to those cookies and I'm glad that I did because I cut Sage off that time as well. I'm getting heavy Predator energy from Sage today because I feel like I'm cutting him off. In the last game, it was the other way around, the one that we played in Hollywood Studios. So, I don't love being in this position. It's feeling a little more like a game master, which is obviously not my game. Oh, looks like Stitch is not spitting today. A little behind the scenes action right now. Um, one of our squares is to get spit on by Stitch and uh he's not spitting today, so we are paused. But I know where Sage is because he had to ask me the question. And so we're together right now. Probably going by Stitch. No, I was going to get something else. So what do you want to do? I say you you know what we do? Get Jo. Yes. Also, but let's turn around. Like let's literally go back to back and we that way we do we we we won't know where we're going. Okay. I know where you're going and I know where you're going. Let's stay on the count. Like you say where I'm going and I'll say where you're going on the count of three. 1 2 3 Train tracks. Come on. No. No. You do train tracks. I'm I'm getting I'm getting a princess. I'm getting a princess. Do train tracks. I'm getting a princess. We both not do train tracks. I think that's the only fair That's the only fair way. I love that we're so open and able to let go, but I swear on my life I'm not doing We're each doing something first before we can pursue train tracks. Okay, that's a fair. We're doing something for first before we pursue train tracks. I am going in that direction. I swear on my life. May I be struck dead right now. Right here in front of world of Disney. If there's a place to go, it might as well be in front of Will as as as uh as Stitch finally does spit and hits me with water. Okay. All right. Something before train tracks. Stopping. Yeah. Doing something before train tracks. Okay. See you soon. Just kidding. I'm going right to train tracks. Oh, friendship. Isn't that nice? See, that's that's how you play fair. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Oh, can you imagine? I'm not a villain, am I? Sometimes I have to be. So, you you got to in these types of games, but I'm definitely not being one right now. What I am going to do is pick out a pin at the largest official pin store, which is pin traders, and it's down in this awesome area that is the original section of buildings from 1975 from when this used to be Lake Buenav Vista Shopping Village, which I would have loved to have gone to. Doesn't it look nice? this architecture. Anyway, we're going to go inside the largest official pin store and pick out a pin and we're going to do it fast. Uh anyway, I am going to go back to World of Disney and I'm going to do a princess pose in front of one of the princesses. These princes are kind of like a staple of World of Disney. World of Disney is essentially uh the place that you're going to find your standard like commercial Disney merchandise things that you can probably find in every park. Uh because it's so big, you probably can't find like everything at the Emporium. Sorry, everything at World of Disney at every park because it's just so big. But oh, Princess. This one's from a girl Maleficent. All right, princess pose. We got Oh, she's holding up her skirt. actually holding up a skirt and smiley and courtesy. Perfect. Princess bows done. Oh, this is super cool. I see a lot of pins that I would love, but I got to go with our boy Animal. And right outside, we've got train track because we've got the cool little train that you can pay extra to ride. And look at that track. Ah, I know. I'm sorry. I know. Sorry. All right. Hold on. The train keeps it moving as she always does, doesn't it? She And so shall we. And so as our dear friend Miss Turner said, "Big wheels keep on turning." Oh no. Big wheels keep on burning. Proud big wheels keep on turning. Turning. Yes. Proud Mary keeps on burning. Rolling. Rolling. Rolling down the river. Come on. I'll see you soon. All right. I'm now headed all the way back to the other side because I think I'll be able to get I think I get a Florida trash can. I think I get a full I think I can get an international soda. I can uh stand outside of Drawn to Life. All right, let's let's start heading that way. As Sage walks in that direction, we too will head in that direction shortly. I just didn't want to walk side by side with him and get stressed out and have him find out our strategy. So that is why we are headed this way to Rainforest Cafe, then over the bridge, which will get us to the exact same spot. I am opting to not get a photo shoot. And uh cuz I I just think that'll take too long. And uh the one all the way on the corner about to locate a date hidden in architecture and explain what it refers to. I That one stumps me. That one stumped me. I actually don't know. So, I'm going to do what I what I do know and find a James Beard award-winning chef. And at the end of the bridge is a Lego store. There is not a line line outside right now. A lot of times there is. So, we can actually walk right in this front door, but when you're here, you may need to look over to your right and see if there's a line and not try to barge right in like we're doing. This is such a great Lego store. If you love Legos, you have to come here. It's also a spot where I'm almost positive we can find a souvenir that you can only get at Disney Springs. I'm going to go over to their little customization area where you can make your own figure and see. I think there is a an option that's only available here at Disney Springs. All right, we are passing by Homecoming probably uh which is crazy. I think my second now favorite brunch spot, you know, I don't know. I don't know. Uh I have two favorite brunch spots here at Disney Springs. One of them is Homecoming and one of them is Summer House on the Lake. Love a good brunch. Uh but it's Chef Art Smith's Homecoming. Uh this is definitely going to be your southern comfort food. Uh fried chicken biscuits, biscuits and gravy, that kind of vibe. But right there, James Beard, awardw winning chef. Chef Art Smith. So that's what the back of the book looks like. Um, so this is the customized figure. Yep. That you print here. Is that right? Okay, that's amazing. Oh, it says happy new year on that side. The fact that it says Disney Springs is makes it completely unique to Disney Springs, obviously, because it can't say that in any other location. Yeah. So, for example, if you go to like New York or Anaheim, they'll have their individual locations and then they'll have uh like different stickers. Like, like I said, specifically here, we have like a gator you can put on there. I think we're the only place that has that gator. So, there's more ways to customize it and make it even more exclusive to Disney Springs. Still really close to the photo studio. So, let's go have a photo shoot in the photo studio. On our way, we're going to stop into Brothers. wanted to check and see if they have something that is exclusive to Disney Springs that we can count as one of our four souvenirs. Okay, we found something. So, these Zoravski crystal statues are one of the hallmarks of modernday Aribbas brothers. You can see right back there is the amazing castle which is $285,000. This is a statue that is exclusive to this Aruba's brothers location. It's one of one. It is a crystal parrot which sells for $45,000. A lot more affordable, right? Literally going into the next room to get in line to sign up for our photo shoot. So, inside the Coca-Cola store, uh there's anything just like the M&M store. Anything you could want when it comes to soda merchandising. You can even brand your very own like Coke can. Uh Emma and I did it. We did a like a team edge Coke branding scenario. Uh but all the way at the top floor, that's kind of like their soda bar area. Some specialty sodas that you can get up there, but uh really it up going up there is kind of like going to Club Cool over at Epcot because you can do uh soda flights from international uh sodas. Uh the task was a super regular size. This is kind of large. Uh uh of just one international flavor. I let the cast member choose and they said like uh uh it was a melon drink. He said, "Pick your poison." He said, "Okay, here you go." And tasting it, it's so melon. Uh he the only his other favorite his other favorite was cucumber, but I'm not a cuc cucumber guy. of it. He was like, "This this tastes like classic old school club cool Epcot." Like really sweet. I can feel like the bottom of my shoes sticking to the ground. It's so melon forward. It's just sweet. It tastes like melon syrup soda. Likely likely a little rich for me, but still. Task completed. Now I'm walking all the way to Oh my gosh. This is a long scavenger hunt. That's what happens when you play for numbers. Walking all the way to search delay and I'm going to put my best acrobat pants on or or tights on cuz that's what they wear. Photo shoot complete. It'll just take a couple minutes for those to show up in the My Disney Experience app. And I will show you as soon as they do. Oh my gosh. I saw one of them looks like a Wait, they kind of all look like Luboos. Yeah. Wow. So, this is the drop shop and this is where these are sold. Amazing. And and uh some of them are exclusive to this location in Disney Springs. It looks like we're getting our next one of four exclusive merchandise items here. Oh my gosh. Grou exclusive. You can only buy these right here at Disney Springs. $16.99. Um, these are from the Star Wars collection. Also $16.99. More Star Wars. Oh my goodness. Look at how cute is that? $16.99. Oh, the Mickey and family. This is the one that really looks like the Laboo. Uh, $27.99. These are the friends you might find inside. Those are super cute and I'm excited to see them. She did say that some of them might be available in other stores, but there are definitely some along those walls. She wasn't sure which ones, but we showed them because we went and looked at all those Star Wars and the different versions of them and she said some of those she knows for a fact are exclusive to Disney Springs. I asked a couple cast members and nobody could tell me really certainly that that was 100% the case. So, I just want to give that disclaimer. We're going back to pin traders. I know they have a pin here that is exclusive to Disney Springs because it says Disney Springs on it. It's just a matter of finding it. Here it is. Exclusive to Disney Springs because it is a Disney Springs pin. Cirtole is here at Disney Springs. Yes. like the Vegas Circus Olay, the the the worldrenowned circus group Circus Ole. Uh they actually have a show here exclusive to Disney Springs called Drawn to Life that uh well is inspired by artists and Disney animators. So you will see some Disney representation on the stage all while uh circus does what they do best and that's Cir. Hey everybody, look, it's me Cirus. I love Disney. I love it so much. That's crazy. You want to you want to animate some cartoons? What? You're in Chile and you want to animate cartoons or something? That's awesome. I love that idea. Hey, let's do a show together. Flips tricks. Acrobatics. A mean, angry villain made of trash paper. I'm walking into World of Disney merely because I'm afraid not to. It's so big. I feel like there are so many places for a date to be hidden in the architecture. So, I'm walking in here. I feel like this is a 5050 or less shot of being here, but I know there's Orangebird, the sort of ghost since 1971. Does that count as a date? I think we're down to like the last two. I I don't really know where where either of them are. I'm so lost. I've done everything that I could. I just heard back from Emma L and she says that we are free to take the Orangebird 1971 date and uh apply that to architecture since it is painted onto the brick wall. So, we're one step closer. I have to count this up. If you're still here, like this video and don't forget to put the secret phrase in the comments to know you made it this far. And also, don't forget to subscribe. And while you're down there, turn on notifications so you'll be the first to know when myself or one of my friends comes out with a brand new video. Something we do all week. All week. Why? Because we're serious about what is it? Fun. I thought it was dance. It's food. It's a light. It's a light. We're serious about jazz dance. Passy. Passy.
