---
video_id: urzoZKdwloo
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Disney Cruise Line Scavenger Hunt - Disney Fantasy 2"
published: 2026-03-13
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urzoZKdwloo
---
We're going headtohead in a Disney scavenger hunt, but this time we are on the Disney cruise line >> in the middle of the ocean. >> I can swim. I can swim. >> I can I can swim. >> I can swim as well. Neither of us can swim. Very well. Anyway, >> you don't have to get in the water. >> Let's just Let's just go. >> I'm going down. >> Okay. Wait. No. Excuse me. >> I decided I was going down. >> I decided to go down. >> She's running, which is just stupid. I'm not running. I'm just walking with purpose. >> Walking with purpose. >> Seahorse and fish. >> Got it. It took it. Rude. >> You're going to win. Rude. >> One. Is the mic on? Uh, no. I was trying to turn it on, but then I said seahorse and fish. Seahorse and fish. >> My mic also wasn't on. >> Okay, I got one. It was Pinocchio's pictures. There's a lot of artwork all throughout the fantasy. And we actually both agree this is one of our favorite things about being on the cruise line is it's just so unique and they have the coolest art. Okay, I got to be honest. I don't even know what all I'm trying to get done right now. Relax in the adults only area. Look where I'm at. An adult only area. Skyline. They're doing a class. So I'm going to go relax in a different adult only area. For some reason on this deck you can't go forward on one side of the hallway. So the scavenger hunt's kind of hard because um some times with scaven you're like gosh I'm going to have to walk so far and cruises you don't cuz you're just on a ship and it's a big ship >> but it's not that hard but then it is kind of hard >> because um the ship's a little confusing. Now the good thing is I am right here at door 5148 and a half. This is Pepe the Bronze hotel room. I'm not getting any answer. >> Quincy has learned how to play these games to a level that is frankly impossible to beat. So, I'm just going to try my best and work my hardest. And this is an adult only area that I'm trying to relax in. Here's one part of it. Let's see if this is open. No, it's not. It's today's hours. So, I'm just going to have to I am so relaxed. in this adults only. >> It's kind of not adults only right now. They're all closed. So maybe I won't count that one. I I guess I have to go upstairs. Okay, I need to get my bearings. I need to figure out where I'm at, what I'm doing, what my goals are. I just want to not lose too bad. And I know that you're like, Emma, try. That's not fun for us to watch. You're right. It's not fun. But she has developed a system that I cannot beat truly try as I might, which is impressive for her and disappointing for me. Um, so my goal right now is to block Emma from being able to get any five in a rows first and then I will try to get my five in a row. Um, that has blocked one column, one row. So next, uh, I'm going to go with what is playing in the movie theater, which is right up here. Here we go. Today's showings. Turning Red is playing right now. Next up is Zootopia 2. I'm sitting in a port hole. Look at that. There are some really beautiful port holes throughout the entirety of the ship. Some of them have benches, some of them don't. Now, we are close to the theater theater so we can see what's playing. Oh, she just got it. So, she must be right above. Well, that's all right. And that's a great point of exactly what I'm talking about. You will walk past stuff and she'll grab it, which is fine. It's also impressive. It's also hard to beat. Maybe not impossible. Pretty darn close. Muppet stuff. Muppet stuff. Muppet stuff. Donald Duck. Goofy video game challenge. I could go meet Donald. She got favorite piece of artwork. Where am I going? I'm so confused and lost. Now, I am going to say I'm walking this way naturally. Favorite piece of artwork. And there's a lot of artwork, okay, throughout the ship. I started to talk about that and got distracted because I'm overwhelmed. But truly, this is one of my favorites. It's this massive photo of Walt as he's drawing Mickey. It's called Walt. It was taken in the late 1920s. It's young Walt Disney. Now, it is a photograph. I think photography is a type of art, so hopefully that counts. It genuinely is one of my favorites. Every time we walk past it, I just fall in love. She is moving so fast. And you know what? Emma literally was like, "You're going to move so fast. You're going to destroy me. Everyone's going to say, "Look how bad it is at scavenger hunt." And she's got more than double the ones that I have so far. Her anxiety really fuels her at a level that is unfair. I made an impulse decision to come up to the pool deck to block her uh on this road that she has at the bottom with what time is it in Tokyo Disneyland? But I thought I was on the side of the ship that has cabanas and I was not. That is in cabanas. Um it's all right. It's all right. Okay. Now, one thing that I'm going to say that right now the stores are closed. It looks like maybe they're opening right now potentially. Hi. Is this open? Awesome. Thank you. And they're asking about exclusive merch. So, I'm going to say here's one piece of exclusive fantasy merch, ears, spirit jersey, t-shirt, ornament, and mug. All exclusive. This is the buffet. As you can see, um it is popping right now. It is around 9:30, so it is breakfast time. Hong Kong Disneyland. Tokyo Disneyland. It is currently um 11:35 in Tokyo Disneyland at night. It's 9:30 in the morning here. Okay. Now, where do where do I go? One thing I'm trying to get to. I think it's on deck 5. I think it's Sears ship. I think it's right here. Let's go. Okay. Now, this is part of the detective game, which hopefully we'll play later. But it does mean you get to steer a ship. And look, that ship. I'm steering it. Count it. Count it. Check. Check. Check. All right. I am near what happened to Donald. So, I think I'm going to do that one. She just got steer ship. Oh, she's moving so fast. I'm also going to grab an ice cream cone to go eat all my veranda because that'll block two more areas, including one where she is. That's two in a row now. Um, but I need to say what happened to Donald. It's right there. Donald was on the aqueduct slide and uh maybe lost his control a bit because as you can see he is stuck in the side of the ship up there. I'll get a little closer. He's stuck in the side of the ship where his tube has flown off the aqueduct and he has landed in the funnel legs and all. Uh don't worry, they have since enclosed that section of the aqueduct. So won't happen to you. Oh, Goofy Movies on. Oh no, ice cream's open yet. It's too early for ice cream cones. I can also get pixie dusted if I'm here and it's open. I don't know if it's open quite yet. You can do it. It is boppity. >> Hi. >> Morning. >> Morning. I was wondering if I could get pixie dusted. Yes. Zoomed in. I'm in front of the funnel. I'm going to list all the cruise horns. There's 11 of them. Uh, when you wish upon a star, be our guest. Cold. Um, cold. Oh my gosh, it's cold. Yo, yo, ao pirates life for me. Um, it's a small world after all. Hi ho, hi ho. Uh, no, no, no, no, no. a snow world after all. Hidle D an actor's life for me. Do you want to build a snowman? I think that might be it so much. Have a great day. Thank you. Pixie destining is just getting covered in glitter and I love it so much and it's so fun and so sweet and anyone can do it and it's completely free and I was out of breath trying to tell you about it, but I did it so it counts. I'm also going to become a detective while I'm standing here. Okay, I know that 688 was the whole number for the Disney fantasy. I just don't know where I'm going to be able to say see how that is significant. This is really cool. Unhelpful at this time, but really cool. Where are my midship? That's a good place to be, I guess. Okay, I'm now going to be having visited decks 11 through 5. Oh, and I went up to 12. Okay, I don't think you can go to deck 13. this way. Well, maybe you can. Let's look. You can You can't go to deck 13. You can't go to deck You can go to deck 14 right there. Oh my gosh. Okay, I've got to get forward to do that. So, I'm just going to keep going down right now. I'm looking for a 688, but also I'm doing every deck. Now, I'm back where I'm trying to get to, but I'm going to look at a map before I start going crazy. That was so lucky. I rode in a magical elevator. It worked out. I changed course. I'm trying to get to Cove. I'm so glad I looked. I need to go this way. She might be doing this already, but we're going to see if I can manage it before she gets over there. Duck walk and back up cuz we cannot cross to forward on this deck. And that's where we need to be to get up to decks 13 and 14. This is the adults only area back here officially. See 18 and up. I'm going to relax for two seconds. relaxing in an adults only area. Look, I am so relaxed. Oh my gosh, I am covered in glitter. And I'm so relaxed. And she just got the horns. And if I'm not going to win, I am going to get a specialty coffee. And I can do that here also in the adults only area. Okay. Yes. Okay. I was really nervous cuz the elevator only went to 13. Going up here. This is deck 13. And then we just need to figure out how to get up to deck 14. Stairs outside will do it. I think I am in an adults only area, but Emma got that already. I just need to get up. Allegedly, you can get up to deck 14, but I don't know that that's true or how. Now, I don't know where she is, but I'm going to try to go down to deck two. Maybe see how far we can get. Don't know if I can go all the way down to two from here. I might be on the wrong side. Try to become a detective. See if some rotational dining. We'll see. Oh, I know how it's accessible. That's where you watch from the aqueduct. Oh, that is definitely going to be closed with this weather. But I think it'll count if I go to the base the aqueduct. I just have to make sure that there's not another way to get up to deck 14. I will say I absolutely love our Disney cruise. Like this is one of my favorite things to do when I am doing a Disney vacation. Despite how I'm acting right now, it's so relaxing and there's so much to do. Even if you've never been on a cruise, there is so much that you might not even know about, like pixie dusting, completely free, lots of fun, specialty coffees. Now, I will say now that I have my head on straight, um you absolutely cannot I think I've gone too far. This coffee, unfortunately, is an upcharge. It is not included in your um fees that you pay. So, like rotational dining, black coffee, things like that, that's all included. I did go too far. That's okay. That's all included. Coffees like this, they are an upcharge. So, if you have like something specialty about it, special syrups, things like that, not included. This was about $7, which is not cheap. But if you've already paid for everything else, this might be the only thing you pay for on vacation. No, there's people on the aqueduct. I can go up there. That is bonkers. I am not riding the aqueduct, that's for sure. I can't believe people are on the aqueduct in this weather. But you know what? I respect it. The aqueduct is this slide. Uh Disney cruise ships have either really cool water slides around the whole top deck or attractions at sea. Uh I am a big fan of the aqueduct. Uh and I'm right now just going to go up the stairs, get to the top of the platform, and then come back down. So aqueduct does have its own little story with its own cute little short. I'm not going to go quite up to the top, but I am technically on deck 14. Okay, this is the midship detective agency, and I am going to become a detective. You get one of these guys. You touch. >> Welcome to the midship. >> We've done this one. We've done this one. So, I'm going to start this one. Skip instructions. Yes, I am sure. >> Now, hold up your badge to activate. >> Hold up my badge. >> Well done. Now move your badge until it matches exactly with the outline. >> Keep your badge straight up and down. Good job. >> There it goes. >> This badge number is now registered to your team. >> Good job. >> Well, I did skip the story line, but there's different stories. There's three of them that you can play. My favorite is the Muppets. I've played it multiple times. Of course, Quincy and I are playing one every single night on our cruise, and I'm an official detective. Okay, the good news, ice cream treats is now open. So, I just have to get an ice cream cone to eat my veranda. I am not feeling good about a comeback at this time, but we're going to shoot for it. Everything else takes a long time, so Emma could end up doing something that takes a really long time and then not have any luck. Uh, check out my ice cream cone prowess. Ready? >> Mix a little sugar and spice. I've been getting ready for a party. >> Little bit too long on the girl. >> But to be fair, I was doing that with one of my hands holding a camera. So, you know, I have to eat this on my terrace. But that I have to eat this on the veranda in our room, which is uh three decks down from here. Um that doesn't mean I can't start eating it now. I love ice cream and I love that it's unlimited and even if I lose, I got a ice cream cone at 10:30 in the morning. There's lots of rotational dining on this ship. There's three options and you will eat at all of them at least once if you want to. They're all built into your thing uh into your schedule. For me, my favorite of the three, there's Enchanted Garden, Foil Court, and the Animator's Palette. So the animator's palette is one that has rotational options for shows and things like that. They'll have one night that is dedicated to Crush and another night that is dedicated to different kinds of animation. It's my personal favorite just because I think the food is the best. I love the shows and the show when Sorcerer Mickey comes out is absolutely my favorite one. Here it is. I'm actually about to eat here in like 10 minutes for a breakfast. That's why everybody's lined up. I'm trying to do this first. Horrible news. Our hallway attendant is servicing our room right now, which means I can't get in there. So, I have to wait a couple minutes for her to be out. That's brutal. Okay, I got my butt. I got my butt. I got my butt pin. It's a little bit different from Disney World, but very cute. Totally free. They did have it here at guest services. And they also had magical button or magical moment buttons. Now I got to do something else. Okay, there's people shuffle boarding. This is a good sign. It's nice and windy. >> It's looking up. Things are looking up. Let's see if this will stay up. Hot girl summer. will be our year. Get on over here. There's no time for tears. It's a hot girl summer. I mean, Emma did it. She clobbered me. I was >> And I have a headache now. I'm not joking. >> You gave yourself her a headache. But you won. >> I can't believe it. And I brought her back to Cove >> as a consolation prize of getting my own Coke coffee. >> I've not had the chance to really drink mine cuz I was so stressed out. >> Thank you so much for hanging out with us. If you're still here, like this video and drop the secret code in the comments so we know you made it all the way. Code. Oh, I was going to say we do games, tips, tricks from Disney Cruise Line, Disney World, and beyond almost every single day of the week. Why, Quincy? Cuz we're serious about fun. We'll see you guys next time.
