---
video_id: GMlrn_o1qXU
channel: AllEars.net
title: "The Most Overhyped Disney World Restaurants"
published: 2026-04-02
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMlrn_o1qXU
---
Disney World is our absolute favorite place on earth, but it's also pricey. >> From tickets to merchandise and even food, there is a lot of things to pay for at the resort. So, we are here to stop you from paying for the things that are not worth your cash. >> That's why we are breaking down Disney's most overhyped restaurants. >> Now, a little caveat before we start. Now, just because we say something is overhyped doesn't necessarily mean it's bad. If you love this restaurant and we talk about it, keep going to the restaurant. We are not going to stop you. We are not going to stand by the doors. That being said, we like a lot of the restaurants in this list. I died at the restaurants on this list. I also think they are overhyped. So, let's get into it. All right. We're starting off with a Disney classic that people love, but we think that they love it for the wrong reasons, and that's Chef Mickey's. Over at Disney's Contemporary Resort, you can find arguably the most famous character meal in all of Disney World. Chef Mickey's is a buffet where you can meet the Fab Five: Mickey, Minnie, Donald, Goofy, and Pluto. and Daisy is there sometimes. It's awesome that Mickey and his pals are all in one spot, and it's an iconic Disney dining option. For breakfast, it's not as bad at $59 per adult and $38 per child. You can enjoy items like buttermilk biscuits and sausage gravy, waffles, housemade French toast, seasonal pancakes and croissant beignes, corn beef hash, shakurerie, cheese boards with a cuchamont, carved pit ham and dewy sausage, peppers, onions, steak and egg scramble, omelets, tofu scramble, or classic favorites for children. Now, dinner is where we have our biggest gripe. Dinner will be $69 for adults and $44 for kids. And you can try things like tomato and rosemary fkatcha, seasonal inspired salads with assorted dressings, a carving station featuring the chef's selection, shrimp scampy, carved New York strip loin and herb roasted turkey, plant-based seasonal inspired dishes, baked macaroni and cheese, butternut squash ravioli, garlic and roasted vegetables, and more classic favorites for children like chicken tenders. We all love a good Disney chicken tender. Now, these meals are fine. That's kind of it. They're just fine. It's not budget friendly, which really hurts. And the food is just fine. The quality does not match the hefty price tag, that is for sure. It's also really loud and chaotic, and it's a pretty long experience. It can be very overstimulating. There's singing and dancing and children yelling and kids waving their gross, dirty, booger-filled napkins all around the restaurant. So, it can be very overstimulating to say the least. Also, traveling to a resort and having a full sitdown buffet meal can be a big time commitment out of your park day. So, is it worth the price? Nikki, I am so sorry to say this, but hitting a peak of $69 per adult and $44 per kid for just subpar okay fine food is not is not worth it. It's not worth it. But don't get me wrong, I love a good character meal. So, instead of Chef Mickey's, what I would recommend to you is Topelino's Terrace over at the Riviera Resort for amazing food, wonderful character outfits, or Cake May Cafe, also a buffet. Both options have great tasty fun food, fun atmosphere, uh, plus the quality matches the price tag at those locations. First one in my hot seat is Be Our Guest. And I had to take this one because I knew that Fry would fight me all the way from Texas if I put this on her list, so I didn't. And it's true. be our guest is very much overhyped. And I'm really really sorry because if you've been to the Magic Kingdom, you may have been to this Beauty and the Beast themed table service, Be Our Guest. It is gorgeous. It is larger than life. And it really is like stepping into the movie. So, I understand why people, especially fans of the movie, loved this one. And at one point in time, so did I. So did all ears as a whole. Things have changed significantly since it opened and that's where the problem comes in. It's super popular still. So if you go all the time, don't get mad at me. Put your pitchforks the way. I'm not in the castle with the beast. Don't be the town villager. It is just, I think, overhyped. It is not bad. It has a lot of French inspired cuisine. It is a prefix dining experience. So you can enjoy things like the blue crab bisque, the tuna tartar, the French onion soup, the short rib beef binan, grilled filet, minan, steak freeze. Like there's a lot of really tasty sounding French classic items that you can get with this prefixed meal. That being said, I personally do not think that food is worth the cost that you are paying. And that is where the big issue comes in. That's where I think it becomes overhyped. It is a hefty $72 per adult and $43 per child. $72. Yes, it is prefix, which does help, it is still $72. Girl, I honestly find that number like almost offensive because all while those things that I listed are good, I like the steak, I like the French onion soup, they sound really good. Our reviews consistently have been like for the last few years, every time I've personally been, every time anyone on our team has gone has been like, "Yeah, this was good." If it wasn't $72. Another thing that just like actually makes me mad is that the beast does roam through the castle so you can see him, but you don't get to meet the beast. If you're at a seat, if you're at a table in the back of the room, you Oh, what's that dot? Is it the beast? That's the beast. And you're paying $72 to maybe see the beast wander his castle. There was a period of time where you got to meet him. That makes it a lot more worth it. You don't even get to meet him. And unless you have a really good seat, you might not even be able to see him. There was also a period of time when the restaurant first opened where you could do this experience as a quick service meal. So for breakfast or lunch, you could go have I actually think it might have just been breakfast. you could go have like an affordable meal in the castle that was very exciting and still nice and you still got the same experience. And now if you are saving money or you just don't want to pay $72 for adult, you are blocked from entering the castle. It's too high for me. The price is too high. And that is honestly why I think it's too overhyped. It's gorgeous. It is not $72 worth of food and character experience. Gorgeous per person. Per person. If you're looking to dine in Magic Kingdom and you want like a really good meal that is already prefixed, you don't have to think about ordering. It's just going to be brought to you. Liberty Tree Tavern is that girl. It is delicious. It has more of a Thanksgiving style menu. And you might be thinking, I don't want Thanksgiving style food. That's not really my vibe. Stop it. I said the same and then I didn't go for years. And then I I finally went and it was so good that I made my husband go with me the next night because I loved it so much. It is delicious. It's familiar foods that have amazing quality and it is already it's the prefix experience. If you're really wanting a steak or some good French onion soup or more French inspired dishes, not necessarily the whole menu, but there are a few, go to steakhouse 71. Steakhouse 71 is at the Contemporary Resort, so you just hop on the Montreal or even walk and you'll be there in a matter of minutes. It is delicious. It has some of the best steaks on property and I would also say randomly the best pork chop on property. Another Magic Kingdom staple is getting the overhyped hit, and it makes us so sad to say this, but let's be real, Magic Kingdom is not known for its dining. So, our next overhyped restaurant is unfortunately Cinderella's Royal Table inside Cinderella Castle. It hurts. It really hurts to say that. Cinderella's Royal Table is Magic Kingdom's signature dining experience because it's literally inside Cinderella Castle. It is so beautiful and you get to meet princesses like Cinderella and a rotating cast of others like Ariel, Aurora, Jasmine, Snow White, Belle, Merida, Rapunzel, and Tiana. Now, this is Emma's VR guest. Okay, which it's kind of funny that we're talking about our opposite restaurants that we love, but this is her be our guest because she loves it. She loves it, but she knows that it's overhyped. Here at All Ears, we are always honest and fair, and we want to make sure you know what to expect and get the most bang for your buck. So, we had to put in Rose World Table in this video, just like we had to put Be Our Guest in this video. And I would fight for Be Our Guest, but we got to be fair. The price tag puts this firmly in the overhyped category. For lunch and dinner, it'll cost you $89 per adult and $54 per child for a prefixed meal. Sure, you can dine on fabulous options like roasted lamb chops, grilled filet, minan, crispy pork belly, and more, but they don't meet the price expectations. In our opinion, they're better than people imply. We have really enjoyed our meals here in the past. But that price tag, it's pretty high. Pretty high. Now, with pretty much any character meal across Disney World, breakfast is going to be a better option because it will be cheaper. Even though it's cheaper, it's still going to be pricey because it is $76 per adult and $47 per child. But it's cheaper and it's a nice way to start your day. And on top of that, if you are able to snag one of the very first reservation times for Cinderella's Royal Table in the day, you could be one of the first people in the entire park. You could get beautiful pictures in front of the castle on Main Street with no one else around. So, if you're going to do breakfast, maybe try to get one of the first times. But for a much more affordable princess character dining meal, you should head over to Octo Epcot. I feel like I'm really going to make a lot of people mad with this one. So, please, please just hear me out. Don't hate comment. Don't hate comment. But next on my overhyped list is Lelier in Epcot. And if you know, you know. I cannot believe this. It is on my overhyped list fairly firmly. This Epcot restaurant, this table service experience at one point in time had the hands down, no question, best steak at Disney World. like that was if you wanted a steak that's where you were going. This was about 10 years ago. It is still delicious and in our experience we have reviewed it fairly high most of the time and that's where the problem comes in. It is not as consistent as it has been in the past. And that's what I find disheartening and what I find fits it onto our overhyped list because there are days that I go and oh my gosh, feels like 2016 Disney World, which is a great time. And then there are other times that you go and you go, "This isn't cooked even nearly what I asked." And that's been my experience more often than not. The steaks are either perfect, like you're not having a better cooked steak, or it's so off you're like, "I think they actually messed up my order." And that's what happened the last two times I've been as an adult. I both times I've thought I don't think I don't know that this is right. It was so it was cooked so wrong. I did not think it was correct. Now I will say items like the signature poutine or even that Canadian cheddar soup are still delicious. Like there are still some real hits at this restaurant and each time they add new menu items, we have found something to like. My biggest problem is that this is a steakhouse. It is known for the steaks and so we're going to focus on the steak. The cheapest steak at this restaurant is about $59 at the time of recording, which is not horrific, but if I'm gonna pay $59 for my steak, I do expect it to be perfect. I expect it to be really, really good. And that's just not the experience we've been having. Another part about this experience and this dining option is the sauce flight. The sauce flight for the steak will just take it to another level. And that's part of what's so good about it. It's an additional $9. So, it's just going to kind of like round up. You're paying almost $70 for steak and sauce and they might cook it wrong. That being said, we still really love Lelier. It has its place in Disney World. I'm also going to admit though that this restaurant does not have the same reputation that it did 10 years ago, and it is really thriving off of that past reputation. That's not necessarily the experience I'm having anymore. Toledo over at Disney's Coronado Springs Resort is a great alternative if you want a good steak. There are actually a lot of good spots in Disney World that have really good stakes. We've already talked about some of them, but I like Toledo and I think it deserves more hype and when my parents went for their anniversary, they like could not stop talking about it. And I think it's kind of shocking how few people go to Toledo. So, we're going to keep hyping it up. But, there are a lot of places on property. So, if you're thinking that's not even the best steak, that's okay. I just want to give Toledo a shout out right now. Okay, now this next one might surprise you because it doesn't have the biggest reputation compared to the other spots we've already talked about, but we still think it's overhyped. I'm going to talk about Chefs to France in Epcot in the France Pavilion. This Epcot restaurant has some delicious French onion soup, but so do a few other restaurants around property. Other than that, the rest of the dishes are good, but we wouldn't tell you you have to go here. It does have super cute views. And if they would bring back the Remy experience from literally 2013, how was that 13 years ago? I think I'm gonna crash out. We would probably be more pro-chefs to France if they still had that experience. But sadly, they don't. And it was really cute. It looked like Remy came out and made the meal and just the magic. Why do they have to take it away? Now, if you're still in the mood and want some amazing French cuisine, go to Lelay. It is literally steps away from Chefs to France. It is a lot cheaper, more budget friendly, and it's still just as good. We love Leol. We talk about it all the time on this channel. If you've never been there, go get something from Leal. It'll probably have a long line, but it will be worth it. I promise. This one hurts me. I cannot believe I wrote this on my list. And it's because I'm all about honesty. Our entire team is always honest, and we are always honest with you. If we say we like something, it's cuz we like it. And on my overhyped list is the Hollywood Brown Derby in Hollywood Studios. This actually like I feel like a an ache here in my chest. I feel it deep in my chest. This is the most famous Hollywood Studios restaurant and it's it's good, but it does deserve to be on the overhyped list and I do have my reasons. The menu is all a cart which is a big win because a lot of these that we've talked about it's not all a cart and that's like been a huge reason we haven't loved it or the price has been a point of concern. So this one is all a cart which we do enjoy. Um, but that being said, a lot of the newer entre are just not blowing us away. They're really not knocking our socks off. And even though it is all cart, it is still pretty pricey. The real standouts at this restaurant continue to be that immaculate Cobb salad, the cocktails, and the grapefruit cake. That's really what it's known for. That is what is really worth getting in my opinion. And if that's all I can say is a salad, cocktail, and cake, then I cannot in good faith say that this is not overhyped. If I can only mention three things, there's a problem. Growing up, this restaurant was it to me. Like, I remember at one point thinking when I was little, when I can go to the Brown Derby, I will know I've made it. like I will have felt excited or I'll feel successful or like whatever little me associated with the brown derby because it's just so fancy and it's considered one of the more expensive, you know, options in Disney World, especially if you're a kid and you don't know about the other ones. It was the most adult place in the world to me. So, I love it. I just knew when I was going to be older, like it was going to blow me away. It was going to knock my socks off. It was going to change my life while I ate here. When I started going, it did. It did hit all those markers. It was knocking my socks off. It was blowing me away. And I felt like an adult. Like it I was like, "Wow, I am here at the Brown Derby." Like, this is so exciting. And then it kind of stopped doing that. And it's not because I was going a lot and it's not because, you know, I I got to try other things. It was because I realized every time I went and I didn't order the Cobb salad, I would get upset because I had wished that I had gotten the Cobb salad instead. And that's disappointing. That's why it's going to stay on my overhyped list for now. That Cobb salad is so delicious. It's my favorite thing in the world. And every time I've tried a new entree, it's been fine, but I've thought to myself, I should have just gotten the Cobb salad because it's still hard to beat and I'm paying more for the other entre. They have added some new menu items over the last few years. They kind of rotate things. So, I'm hoping maybe in 2026 this can get a newer menu because that can remove it from the list immediately. You give me a bite that is going to a rival the Cobb salad or b be worth the money and I will happily remove it from this list. But for now, it has to stay here. And that's what's so sad. For alternatives, honestly, my biggest alternative is going to be still go to the lounge, still go for the salad, still go for the vibes and the atmosphere. And if you want just a cocktail, get one at the Walkup Bar. They still have all those amazing things and it still has some real standouts on the menu. If you want a full meal that's not just a salad and a cocktail, definitely consider going to the Yachtsman for a fancy, dark, fine dining experience with good steak and kind of that more lowlight romantic feel. Okay, some Disney restaurants get a lot of hype and today we are calling some of them out. But before you swear off dining reservations forever in Disney World, we've got something that will actually help you eat very good in Disney World. The Allers team put together a totally free guide to the top restaurants in Disney World. the ones that actually live up to the hype. We're talking real recommendations from people who've eaten at every single spot on property multiple times, sometimes in one day. Good for science. Scan the QR code you see on your screen right now or head to allers.net/best on another device to grab your free guide and start planning your most delicious Disney World vacation. All right. Now, over at Disney's Polynesian Village Resort, you can find the delicious restaurant Ohana. So, why is it on this list? Ohana offers Polynesian inspired eats, all served family style. You can go for breakfast or dinner. Breakfast features character dining with Mickey Mouse, plus Lilo and Stitch, and sometimes Pluto. Dinner offers some classic eats like the Ohana noodles, honey coriander chicken wings, pork dumplings, beef, and ohana bread pudding. We all love that Ohana bread pudding. It's delicious. Now, it might just be some of us here at All Ears, but I do think you will agree with me in saying we don't think it's as good as it used to be. It used to be amazing, amazing, amazing. Best restaurant in Disney World, hands down, but it just doesn't live up to that hype anymore. The quality just used to be better. We don't know if it's the price point, um, which is now $67 per adult and $44 per kid for dinner, or if the quality is lower in general, but it's hard to justify stopping and dining at this restaurant. This spot thrives on a reputation that was built back in 2016, 10 years ago, and deserves some re-evaluation. Now, it does still have some tasty bites, but you don't have to sit down at the table restaurant to get them. You can get the Ohana noodles, the bread pudding, and more over right next door at Tamboo Lounge. So, you don't need to commit to a full dining sit down experience. Just go get those Ohana noodles at Tamboo Lounge. Trust me. But if you still want an all you can enjoy experience as a sit-down meal, we would recommend Sebastian's Beastro over at Caribbean Beach Resort instead. The last guy on my overhyped list honestly should not be a surprise. And if it is, you might be newer. So, welcome. We're really happy to have you. And if it is still a surprise and you're not newer, maybe we've just not talked about it a minute because Space 220 is severely overhyped in Epcot. This Epcot table service is known for its like amazing dining experience thanks to the theming and the immersive atmosphere, but it is a tough price tag. And despite all of that, people are still going because they really want to eat in space, which is cool. But is it worth all that? Adult dinner pricing is $79 per person. And per kid, it is $35. So, if you are just going an adult and one child, one and one, it's over $100 just to eat there, just to be in the space. Since it opened a few years ago, the restaurant has tried to do new menus and they have been good. And that's the thing is like we have enjoyed the food there. None of the food that they have tried thus far justifies a $79 price tag per adult. The concept is really cool. it just falls flat for us because this is a prefixed dining option. And there are ways to enjoy the space without the prefixed dining option, but they are very hard to come by. Now, the way you can enjoy the restaurant without the prefix dining is, of course, the lounge. There is a space 220 lounge, which still can be pretty pricey if you're not careful, but it is not going to be what it would be if you were dining at the prefix meal. So, it's a little bit easier to swallow if you're going to the lounge versus the restaurant itself. But if you go to the restaurant, it is going to be that prefixed dining price tag, which is that the issue in my opinion. Space 220 is constantly adding new options, but because of the size and the quality, it's just not going to justify that price tag. For better Epcot options, we have two really, really good ones there in Epcot that you won't even have to leave the park for. First is Gio82. Now, this is an adults only lounge, so kind of take that with a grain of salt. But this is the new lounge that you can eat at inside Spaceship Earth, and it is inspired by Spaceship Earth. The second option in Epcot that we really love is Shiki Sai. I love Shiki Sai. It is in the Japan pavilion, and it is one of those that I cannot believe didn't take off. It has a lot of traditional Japanese dishes as well as some incredible sushi. There's almost always availability for it. And every single time I go or someone else on our team goes, we walk away going, "Why is no one talking about Shinky Sai?" >> If you made it this far, be sure to drop this secret code in the comments below so we know you made it all the way. And be sure to like and subscribe. We do tips, tricks, reviews, games, and stuff like this from Disney World and beyond all week long because we're serious about fun. Thanks for watching.
