---
video_id: 6bwuTKaPjkg
channel: AllEars.net
title: "MARINA BAY SANDS ROOM TOUR ‼️"
published: 2026-03-09
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bwuTKaPjkg
---
This is what one of the cheapest rooms at one of the most famous hotels in the world looks like. It still costs $800 a night, but it's not over a thousand a night like most rooms. Welcome to the Marina Bay. Wow. Okay. It's very pretty. So, we walk in. You've got your jewelry stand here. We'll come back to the bathroom. It's amazing. Beautiful room. Very well furnished. There's outlets everywhere you look. This is a two queen room. They also have a king bedroom. >> Cocktail. your mini bar with cocktail mixes ready for you. Those are up charge, of course. A big old TV. Um, lots of stuff going on here. Fancy boxes that hold all sorts of surprises in them. Really, so many surprises. Then you've got a mini bar. >> This is my >> Sorry, that's the mini bar. This is really the coffee and tea area. There is some complimentary coffee and tea, which you can see here. Ooh. But then also it's fully furnished with more stuff you can buy, including this incredible tea set area, which is gorgeous. And then if you go in these lower drawers, snacks and treats, left, down, up, right, center, ramen. What's down in the bottom? I don't remember. It's a cooler. A cooler full of even more stuff. Bottled water. Also complimentary, which is cool. Then we have little table with some complimentary fancy coasters in them. There you go. Nice chair. We have this table which is a sort of secret charging table. There's an outlet hidden in it. Speaking of fancy outlets and things by the bed, we have like all this bright dim night reading lights. Um, so you can control the curtains from here as well as how the lighting in the room looks. The remote lives in a leather sleeve, which is very fancy. And this table, if you sit your phone down here, it just starts charging in this drawer. Nothing. I haven't opened that yet. That was a surprise to me as well. Beautiful art. And then let's go look at that bathroom. It is so pretty. We have beautiful bathroom. Double sink. Me and my travel clothes. Plus gorgeous bathtub with a headrest and all sorts of bath amenities, including a phone holder. Bathrobe here. And then we have beautiful shower and this toilet room where when you open the door, the toilet opens as if beckoning you. Pretty wild. >> Pretty wild. >> Pretty wild. $800 a night is not cheap, but it's also less than we thought it was. So, our stuff is hiding in here. There's a lot more stuff. Lots of different ways to hang things that you have, plus slippers. There's another robe in the other closet. Pretty good. Pretty good room. I'm ready to put the robe on. Yeah.
