---
video_id: pdv956xmmmc
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Solving 4 MAJOR Disney World Problems"
published: 2026-03-19
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdv956xmmmc
---
Walt Disney World is the most magical place on Earth, but even magic has its complications. Today, we've been assigned a few high-risk missions inside the parks. Our objective is to complete them successfully. But the problem is, these aren't just imaginary challenges. They are some of the most common challenges real guests face every single day. Can we do it? We're here in Magic Kingdom. We're going to get missions today and we're going to have to try and solve them. But we're pros. We know what we're doing. So, we'll see. I don't even know what this day entails. This is a brand new challenge, so we will see what happens. But we're here in the Magic Kingdom. It's pretty nice so far. It's already getting a little humid, but you know, see it in my hair. >> It's okay. We're going to be okay. So, I guess we just wait around. I don't even know who's giving us these missions. >> I don't know. >> Secret producer. I don't know. We're going to find out. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Mhm. Okay, we've got our first mission. We didn't buy Lightning Lane, but we have to ride three Headliner attractions in just 2 hours. Let's go. Three Headliner attractions in just 2 hours without Lightning Lane. It is currently 10:10 a.m. Maybe we start with Tiana. It's only a 5minute wait. Let's just do it. Let's just do it. So, we are here. It is the beginning of the park day. The park today opened. I think it was 9:00 a.m. So, it's been about an hour. We are still technically in that rope drop time period. Rope drop is just the term of when a Disney park opens for the day. It usually lasts about two hours. Not everyone is here yet. Some people are still sleeping in at their hotel. Maybe they're at a nice table service breakfast to start their day. So, the wait times are really low. So, a key tip, if you want to hit up some headliner attractions, really popular attractions with lower weights, do it as soon as you get here with rope drop. And of course, if you've got early entry as well, if you're staying in a Disney World hotel, you do have access into the parks 30 minutes before everyone else. Now, the early entry sections are just sections of the park, not the entire park. So, for example, yesterday I was here with early entry, and I rode Seven Dwarfs Wine Train, Peter Pan's Flight, and Tron Lights Run all before 10:00 a.m., which is a great way to start your day in Magic Kingdom. So, I know not everybody's an early bird, but sometimes the early bird does get the worm, and it does really pay off to help you save money if you don't want to buy Lightning Lane. All right, the wait time still says 5 minutes. Sometimes when wait times are low, a lot of people will see that on the app, run over to a ride, and it might be a little bit longer by the time you actually get over to that attraction. So, I was prepared for this to hit up to 10 or 15 minutes. Even at that point, that would still be worth it. This is one of the newest rides in Disney World. Very fun. If you haven't done it yet, you should. So, honestly, 5 minute wait. This is going to be a good way to start our day. We're going to wake up. All righty. So, we did not ride Tiana's. We were standing in the queue and noticed that we weren't moving a whole bunch. Looked at the app, said it was temporarily down. And after a few more minutes, a cast member came through and issued us all experience redemption passes, which is awesome. So basically that means we have a free Lightning lane that we can use on pretty much anything later any time in the day. So we're going to save it for now. Maybe use it on Tiana's later. We'll see what happens. So we didn't get to ride it yet, but that's okay. We are pivoting because we're still accomplishing this mission. As soon as this parade passes the Cavalcade, we're going to go hit up pirates and we're going to be fine. Judy. Judy. You even got the carrot. Cute. Now, when the cast member did give us that experience redemption, that was a great, awesome, magical moment. That will not happen every time a ride breaks down. We don't know exactly why they decide to give us one on one day versus not. It sounds like Tiana's going to be down for a while if they did give us the redemption pass. So, don't expect that if a ride goes down, sometimes you're just out of luck. That's just the name of the game. That's how theme park rides work sometimes. So, just be prepared for that. And our general rule when it comes to a ride being down, if you are in line and a ride is down, give yourself a time limit. We talked about it in line and we said, "Okay, we're going to give it 10 minutes. If we don't move by then, we will talk about it again and see if we want to leave." And within our 10-minute window that we were waiting, that's when they started passing out experience passes. So, in general, just give yourself a time frame. Say, "Okay, I'm willing to wait this amount of time." And if nothing happens by then, maybe consider leaving the line cuz you don't want to waste too much time standing in a line that you eventually get kicked out of. You just want to make the most out of your Magic Kingdom day. You paid a lot to be here and you want to experience the fun rides and attractions, so don't get stuck in a line all day. Next up, we are here in Adventure Land for Pirates of the Caribbean. Right now, it says 30-minute wait, which I don't think it's too bad for pirates. This is a very popular attraction. Anytime we ask people at home to rank Magic Kingdom attractions, this is always number one. It is a fan favorite for good reason. So, we're going to hop in this line. All right. And getting off of the ride with a visit from Captain Jack Sparrow himself. He's not walking. Oh, he's going to go over there. Okay. Well, one ride down, still two more to go. Uh, we got to look at wait times cuz I don't know where we should go next. Tiana's back up. >> It is. >> It says 5 minutes. All right. I guess we're going right back to Tiana's Bayou adventure. You know what? It happens. It happens. Now, I will say like this example where we were right next door at Pirates and saw that Tiana's is back up. Absolutely fry speed over here. But I would tell you if we were over in Tomorrowland and saw that Tiana's was coming back up, that's when it might not be worth it to quickly walk to the other side of a theme park to get over here. Just depends on you and your group. So just checking wait times all day. If there is an attraction that you really want to ride and it goes down, keep an eye on it. And if you're around it and then it opens back up, then of course head on over there as quickly as you can because like this this even though we got kicked out of the line, I'd say this was pretty perfect cuz we were right next door. And then we are also again hopefully gonna walk right on. So here we go. All right, ride number two complete. We didn't get that wet. Thank goodness. Special circumstance. We are going to use that Lightning Lane Redemption, which if you get one, you absolutely should use it. Depending on the park, they're not available for every single ride. There might be one or two that are not on the list, but we are going to use ours for Jungle Cruise. Jungle Cruise is a very popular attraction. The Lightning Lane books up really fast, so that's a great use of a redemption to skip. Last time I checked, which is before we rode Tiana's, it was a 40-minute wait. So, it might be higher by the time we get over there. And we're going to skip that weight with our free Lightning lane from Disney cuz magical moments are everywhere. So, keep your eyes peeled and just enjoy them. And then our mission will be done. So, yes, Jungle Cruise is now up to 55 minutes and we are going to skip that with our Lightning Lane Redemption. >> Everybody wave at all the friends you made on the dock. >> Yeah, I'm sorry. You're never going to see them again. Uh-oh. This is the eighth wonder of the world. Let's all say it together now. >> The backside of water. >> Everybody, don't try that at home, though, folks. You're hitting your head on the sink. >> All right, we just got off Jungle Cruise. That was our third attraction, and we did it in under two hours. So, mission complete. >> Mission complete. >> Editor, help us out here. Don't. >> Now we just hang out until we get our next mission, I guess. You know, >> hold on. We're getting a call. >> You're getting a call? >> Yeah. >> Hello? What? Okay. Hello. Hey. All right. Well, fine. Hey, fine. It's Donald. >> It's Donald. >> Oh, duck. >> What did he say? He >> just called me. He says we have 45 minutes. >> Okay. >> To turn the mood around. We're really cranky right now. We're tired. It's been a long day. We've been doing a lot and we need to take a break. We have to go do something for 45 minutes. That's relaxing. >> Okay, you know what? We can do this. We can do this. Yeah, we got this. >> We can do it. We're going to make doll proud. >> Yeah, we are. We're cranky. We're tired. It's hot. It's humid. So, what what should we do first? Emma, where do you think we should go? >> I think we should get a snack, something to eat to refuel. >> Ooh, I like that idea. Most of the time, if your group is tired and cranky, number one, take a break. Number two, drink water. You probably have a headache because you're dehydrated because you're not drinking enough water. You also might need a snack. You might need a meal. So, we are going to do all of those things over in Frontier Land at one of our I don't know if it's a favorite spot. I'm not going to say that. Just kidding. So, if you're walking around Magic Kingdom and all of a sudden you decide you need indoor AC, you need snacks, you need water, you're probably going to end up at a quick service. And so, we are about to walk into Posville Tall Tale Inn and Cafe. This is the quick service restaurant in Frontier Land. It's got your basic kind of Texmex cuisine. It's got bowls. You can get little tacos. You can get a cheeseburger. So, there's something for everybody. And it's just nice to be indoors and kind of refuel. All right, we're here. We've got our food. We did mobile order. But first things first, Emma, I want you to tell them about the water tip. >> Yes. So many quick services around Disney World. You can ask for a cup of free water and it's very nice. There's ice usually in it and it's much better than the tap water you'll find in the water fountains if that's something you care about. Next tip, we did mobile order. So at various multiple almost all quick service locations in Disney World, you can mobile order on your phone so you don't have to stand there and wait in line. This is a great tip if you are maybe in a line for an attraction and you can already tell the group is kind of getting to that point to where okay, next thing we need to do is eat. So, while you're standing in line, you can mobile order ahead of time and then you don't have to wait in the line when you get here. So, it's really great. I do it all the time. Pretty much everywhere I mobile order. And another tip is that you don't have to mobile order just right when you get hungry. You can show up in the park at 9:00 a.m. and think, I would like to have Casey's corn dog nuggets for lunch at 12:30. And I'm going to go ahead and put in that order now. So then it's ready by the time you do get hungry. So mobile order ahead of time to avoid long waits. So let's get into our little snacks for today. Meal, snack, whatever you want to call it, you know. So we actually both got kids meals today. I went with the kids nacho bowl. It's basically chips, cheese, and um beef. And it comes with two sides. So, I got cilantro lime rice and apple slices that I will save for later. And of course, my diet coke. Emma, what did you get? >> I got the chicken chicken bowl and it has beans, chicken, and rice. And then I got an extra side of rice and some apple slices and a power ray to rehydrate. Yes. >> Nice. Now, what were you going to say about the kids meal? Yes, I was going to say that whenever I'm getting a meal in Disney World, I tend to get kids meals because it's a smaller portion, meaning I can usually finish all of it and it's a better deal. I would say unless you're really hungry or want to share a full meal, I would recommend getting kids meals. And now, since our group has been cranky and tired, we're going to sit here for a minute and we're going to take our time. We're going to relax. We're going to drink water. We're going to eat. We're just going to zone out for a little bit cuz you know that feeling. You've been in Disney World when you've needed to zone out. So, we're going to do that. >> I'm no longer cranky. I'm full. I'm hydrated. I don't know about you, but I think that's a mission complete. >> I think so. I think we made Donald Duck proud. >> Okay. Good meal. I feel refreshed after Pico's spill, but you know. Do y'all hear that? Should Should I pick it up? Oh, hello, Josh. It is. I didn't know we were inside. Yes, sir. We're ready for our next mission. Yes, you got it, sir. Also, are we still on for a meeting? I've got great great pitch ideas for you. Okay. Yeah. See you tomorrow. Okay. Bye. We've got another mission. Apparently, it is thunderstorming outside in typical Orlando, Florida fashion. So, we're going to try to do the most we can with the least amount of time outside in the rain. So, let's go. My first thought, indoor shows. Indoor shows, we don't need to get in an outdoor line for anything. We could do a show. So, unfortunately, the Country Bear Jamboree has been down all day today. It has not been open, so we can't do that. That would be my first choice cuz we're right next to it. So, instead, I say we do the next closest one, Tiki Room. Let's do it. >> All right. Disney World is in Orlando, Florida. It rains almost every day here, especially during the rainy season in the summer. So, you can expect most times for there to be rain on your vacation. Now, of course, you want to be prepared. Bring your rain gear, bring a poncho, bring an umbrella, but if you're like anyone on the Allers team, you probably don't and you probably forget it every single day. And just like we have done once again today. So, of course, you want to be prepared for anything. Do not buy ponchos here at Disney World. They are so so so so expensive. Buy them on Amazon before your trip. buy a nice rain jacket and just take care of that at home before you get here. Don't buy anything overpriced here in Disney World. That's my first tip is to be prepared. But if you do get stuck in a rainstorm for a little bit, they usually don't last very long. They might be half an hour or even shorter on some days in the summer. You just have to let it pass. So, we are going to let our thunderstorm pass by watching a classic show here in Adventureland. This is the Enchanted Tiki Room. Hey. All right, show number one complete. Also, another tip, you can take food in there, food and drinks. So, if you want to get yourself a little Dole Whip right here at Aloha Isle and take it into the show, that is the best way to see it, of course. So, now we're going to duck undercover, you know, from our crazy crazy thunderstorm that's happening right now. Just pretend, just play along, have fun. So, next we're going to go to another Oh, bears are out. I don't remember his name, but he's out. That's fun. >> Maybe Wendle. >> Wend is that Wendle? >> Maybe. I think I'm engaged to Wendle actually. >> Oh, I swear to God. >> You need to go. You need to go. >> Fryore that happened. >> That might not be Wendle. I mean, I know Wendle is named. >> One of them is named Wendle. I don't think it No, I think it is that one. >> That might be Wendle. >> Is this bad that we don't know? We'll move on cuz that I don't know. I need to study the country bears. Anyways, >> it's not Romeo. >> It's not Romeo McBrow. >> Yeah, I know it's Romeo. >> He's got the hair. >> Yeah. So, next up, we're going to head to another show very close by. We are going to head over one land over to Liberty Square to watch the Hall of Presidents. Oh, there's another one. What's his name? I don't know, guys. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I feel like I'm failing you right now, but I promise I'll go home and study the country bears. We've made it over to Liberty Square. We're going to pop into the Hall of Presidents. This is another show. It's not a fan favorite by any means. Some people might call it a little bit boring, but if you are at all interested in history, American history, presidential history, this is a really cool show. This show does have animatronics of every single president the United States has ever had. It also has one of the seals of the United States. Also, a little bit of a small museum. There's a lot of artifacts in here that are really cool to look at that have been owned by presidents of the past. Let's see. The Theodore Roosevelt full of teddy bears painting that belonged to Dwight Eisenhower. Jimmy Carter's flying fishing gear. Pretty cool. Woodro Wilson's golf club globe. Wow. So, also a lot of these items in here will change because they're on loan from various museums. It's gone now, I think, but for a while they had George Bush's Texas Ranger jacket, which I personally loved because Texas Rangers are my home team. But, let's see. This might be the oldest item in here. These are George Washington's shoe buckets from 1797. My mind can't even process what that means. All right, the storm has passed. We were inside. I think we did it. I think that's a mission complete. >> I think so. >> And of course, you know, we had to say hi to our our girl Cynthia. You know, we love her. Go buy the merch in the store. But yeah, I feel like this was a pretty good day. >> Yeah. >> You know, I think we accomplished a lot. We solved a lot of problems. >> We did a lot of missions. We were done. That's it. Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. Wait, hold on. >> Hold on. >> Cynthia's Cynthia's talking to me. Yeah. Wait, what? Oh no, Fry. We have another mission we have to do. >> Oh no. >> Yeah, Cynthia is giving us one last final mission. >> Oh, what's our last final mission? >> Magic Kingdom is CLOSING EARLY TODAY. >> NO. >> YEAH. And we have 1 hour left before the park closes. We didn't know it was closing early. To do the most we can. >> Oh boy. All right. >> Yeah. >> All right. Giving us work to do. >> You got it, Miss Cynthia. >> We got you. All right, we've got 1 hour. Timer is starting now. Okay, let's see. My first thought is to go to Fantasy Land. We can do a lot of things in a short amount of time. And we haven't even been over there yet today. So, I think we should get over there. Everyone, we're going to channel our fry speed for this final mission. And we're going to see what we can hit up over there. Peter Pan's 45. It is the middle of the day, so we're kind of at the peak crowds a little bit, but there's a lot. Most of the rides in Magic Kingdom are around Fantasy Land. So, we're going to see what we can do. We can do the carousel. We could meet princesses. We could do Little Mermaid, teacups, Dumbo. There's a lot over here that we could do. So, I think our first I feel like we should get on the carousel first cuz we're right here. All right. That ended up taking 20 minutes because I don't know. I I didn't see the guest, but sounds like a guest was not sitting properly on one of the horses on the carousel and they had to stop it for a minute or so. So, just obey the rules. Listen to cast members because you could ruin the experience for others. But now, we're going to go to one of Emma's favorite. Both of our Emma's love this attraction. We're going to go to the Mad Tea Party. And Emma has already asked me if she can spin it fast, and I said yes. So, we're about to have a crazy fun time on the Matt Tea Party. Another one with a short wait. Right now, it is 15 minutes, but that honestly is one of the shortest weights in Fantasy Land right now. So, even Barntormer was at 20. Matt Tea Party is at 15. Dumbo's at 20. So, we're doing what we can, but yeah, it'll still be good. We're doing good. She's been doing her stretches in line. She's been warming up. Oh. Oh my gosh. Okay. Okay. Oh my goodness. The camera can't even see me. The camera. Oh my word. I've never spun so much surprise. What did I tell you? All right. Okay, it has been 44 minutes of our hour. It is starting to lightly rain a little. My thought is to do people mover cuz that's another short wait and a nice calming relaxing ride after what we just went through. Sorry. >> No, you're I told you to do it. I told you to do it and now I know what it feels like to fly away. So, I think our best bet we have 15 minutes left of our designated hour. I think our best bet is table mover and then withever with whatever time is left maybe we get a little snack cuz you know the end of the night into your park day you're going to want a snack a sweet treat a sweet treat. So we're walking to Tomorrowland All right, next tip. If it's the middle of the day, you're cranky, you're tired, you're too overstimulated in the park, you can leave the park. You do not have to stay in Magic Kingdom or any park for that matter all day long. One of our favorite tips is in the middle of the day when it's really hot and really crowded, lines are super long, go head to a Montreal resort hotel and go get a bite to eat, sit inside a lounge for a little bit, take an hour or two, take a break, relax, and then come into the park later on in the evening. So, pro tip, you don't have to stay in the park open and close. You can leave if you want. All right, the people mover unless for me in Magic Kingdom. It's such a nice relaxing ride. The weather is nice right now. Loved it. Checking the time. We only have a few minutes left. I think we can do one more thing. And I think we deserve a little sweet treat >> to end our day full of missions. So, we got to we got to book it over there cuz we've got less than 10 minutes. But, I know we can do it. So, let's head to Main Street. All right, we made it in time. We got our sweet treats. We went to the Plaza ice cream parlor on Main Street. It's a classic. It is Ed's ice cream, but something about just eating ice cream on Main Street makes it taste a lot better. I got the s'mores shake. Pretty self-explanatory. Chocolate, hot fudge, graham cracker crumbles on top, marshmallows, whipped cream. It's amazing. What did you get? >> And I got a single scoop of cookies and cream ice cream. It came with two little chocolate discs to represent Mickey. It has melted a lot. So, if you're going to get an ice cream cone, be prepared for it to melt. Make sure that you're going to be eating it quickly. >> Or else, I'm not going to say or else it will get messy. It's going to get messy. But honestly, one of my favorite parts about Magic Kingdom is ending the day with a nice little sweet treat or a savory snack, whatever you prefer. Uh, we did quite a bit during our hour. Not as much as I'd hoped, but it's kind of busy. Things are crowded. You know what? We did what we could and I think we did a lot. So, I would say mission accomplished. >> Mission accomplished. >> Are full. And that means we've completed all of our missions for the day. Very good job. We did it. I knew we could. Hypothetical high five right here, but our hands are full. Thank you so much for watching this video. If you made it this far, don't forget to like the video and put this secret code in the comments so we know that you stayed and watch the whole thing. And don't forget to subscribe. We here at Allers post tips, challenges, reviews, games, and more from Disney World all week long because we're serious about fun. Thanks for watching and we'll see you next time. Spies out. Like that.
