---
video_id: oXsGMvKLO1M
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Breaking 18 MORE Disney World Records"
published: 2026-03-14
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oXsGMvKLO1M
---
Today we are setting and breaking world records. Disney World records that is. >> You have heard of the Guinness Book of Records, but get ready for the Allars book. A Disney World records. Okay, we are off. We're setting two separate records, but Reed Love and I are starting together at what I would say is some of the best rides in Magic Kingdom. >> The people mover. Now, there is a tip recently I gave in a video that talked about the fact that you can ask nicely at the end of your first ride around the people at first and a cast member has the full right to shut this down, but more often than not, they are allowed to let a guest ride a second time without getting out. The rule is you can't stand up first and ask. The minute you stand up, you got to get off to get off. But if you stay seated, ask nicely. and they have the capacity in that moment, you're allowed to ride a second time. So, I'm going to ask nicely see if I can set the record for the amount of time between two rides on the People Mover. Emma's going to join me. >> I'm going to try to do I'm doing consecutive times on People Mover and he's doing the least amount of time between two attractions and using People Mover. you can get your first two with me >> probably then get off because I think more than two times is a a lot to ask cast members and of the other guests who are waiting in line to ride get back in line and then keep going and probably do two at a time if they let you. >> Yeah. So, we're feeling good. This is going to be amazing. And we just get to start off with something really nice and fun. >> Yay. Who doesn't love the people? So, if you've never been on the People Mover, it is a slowmoving joy ride over top of Tomorrowland where you get to see some really cool different points of view that maybe you would not otherwise see. Now, I'll be honest, this line's looking pretty hefty, and it was not when we first checked, but this is a consistently moving ride, so it shouldn't be terrible. >> Exactly. Even when this line is outside of the queue here, look how quickly it's moving. >> Unless it stops, which it does a lot, >> it does, >> right? It has a tendency to stop and actually ease the evacuation. >> I got it. >> That's >> That's not our That's not our dream. >> But when it's running, it runs quickly because it's a uh an omni mover by getting on a moving sidewalk that moves alongside your ride vehicle and you >> It normally shuffles people through pretty quickly. >> It does. So, I think this will be >> We have hope. >> So, we've got a list of records. Some that haven't been broken, but some that have actually been previously broken in other videos. Now, I am going to hit on some of these new records, but also I think I want to break some previous records, even one of my own previous records. We're starting here at Magic Kingdom. We might have to leave the park in a little bit just to make sure we're able to hit as many records as possible. But the goal is for all three of us to to break as many records as possible, both new and old. I'm starting on Main Street where I'm going to touch the cheapest merchandise item I think you can ever get because what's cheaper than free? And it is technically Disney merch, I think. Right. Yes. So, let's go do that. I'm headed to City Hall, which is essentially guest relations. And this where you can find your celebration buttons if you're celebrating anything, whether it be a birthday, an anniversary, uh, and there's generic ones. If you're celebrating a graduation, who knows? You can grab a celebration button. They will write on it. You can stick it on your bag or whatever, and go from there. It's a winner because as a team, we're going to break so many records today. Haha. >> 8 and 1/2 minutes and we're already boarding this ramp. >> Look at that. >> Do you want to talk about some nerdy history? So that Goody here is uh that was actually the sponsor of the original People Mover in Disneyland. And did you know that the People Mover ride vehicles were propelled by tires, but not the way that cars work? >> Oh, good. Yes. So they were actually embedded in the track and they would turn and move the ride vehicles forward. But they don't work that way in Walt Disney World. This is And you know what the ride vehicles are propelled by now, which is even cooler? magnets, which might be why the ride stalls a lot. And really, just under the 10-minute mark, we're boarding. And so, the the moral of this story is if you see the queue for People Mover extended outside of the proper queue area, don't be afraid to get in line. Sure, if the ride stops and they make an announcement that it might be a while, come back and, you know, ride it another time. But if you just have a little faith, trust, and pixie dust, >> you're going to ride the people mover in around 10 minutes. >> Next up, headed to the hub. Why? Cuz we're going to get some snacks. I don't know why I'm doing this to myself, but um some of the records that I thought I could break the fastest cuz I do want to break as many as I possibly can or some of the food related things. So, one of them is uh breaking the record of how fast you can eat an ice cream bar. A Mickey's premium ice cream bar. Got my Mickey bar right here. It is my preferred there. You know, there are two iconic Mickey ice cream snacks. There's the the sandwich and then there's also the ice cream sandwich and then there's the premium Mickey bar. Huge fan of that like hard chocolate, the vanilla ice cream. It is quite literally my favorite. Okay, here we go. Open it. We shall prepare. Oh my gosh, I didn't grab any napkins. That's fine, right? Okay, here we go. Wow. Gorgeous. And time starts now. This is coming. Oh god. Oh god. I think I do 90. Maybe if I put in the sun a little bit, it'll melt. Wait, my teeth. That is so cold. Okay, got a minute and 52 seconds. Wow, girl has a lot. And now we're going to see how much popcorn I can eat. >> Well, we uh might just have stopped. >> But you know what? It's not hurting our >> It's not hurting our records. It's taking time away from breaking other records. So, but at least we're we're stopped by Tron. >> Okay. The record that I need to break is most popcorn kernels eaten in 30 seconds. But also, how do I count while I can you I can kind of count. All right, let's just try this. Oh god. Oh my god. 30. So 39. >> All right. We are prepared. We are seated. We are demure. We are not We are mindful. The door has opened, but we're not standing up. We're not gathering our belongings. Is it okay to go a second time? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And we were super uh >> so exciting. >> Do not assume. >> Please keep right. You did it. away from the door. >> You were perfect in how you asked, Emma. You were like, "Is it okay?" >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. And then if it's not okay, if they say, "I'm sorry, we can't today or not right now." Then be prepared to to exit. But for now, we're going through we're we're in the in between. We're we're we're uh most dare not travel. >> This actually filled me with joy. >> It is. It's super cool, right? >> It's like so nice. >> It's a really It feels like an elite uh experience. And Walt Disney World, it's it's free and it is um still a surprise and delight because you never know. One of these days you may be asked to leave, which is fine. But this is a pretty picture with Space Mountain in the background. I'm just going to keep talking. >> Yes. And your all your social club shirt. >> You guys should join the social club. >> You should join the social club. I joined it. I'm too old and uncool to actually be part of it. >> That is not true. This is for everyone. >> Oh, no. They still said the shirt. >> Then you're in the club. >> Everyone's >> That's true. We're all in the club. >> Okay. I have 20 kernels of popcorn. 10 in this hand, 10 in this hand. So, I figured All right. So, I'll do this method and then I'm trying to be strategic here. I'll do this method and then I'll do the individual counting. So, if I just jump up to 20 really quickly, maybe I can like Okay, here we go. And time starts now. Oh my god, it goes 39 and again. >> I think 39 is a number. >> Thank you. Have a great day. Wow, we've checked two off our list. Cheer records. >> What was your time between fries? 1 minute and 15 seconds. We have >> the exit when we would have sat back down on the ride. >> Exactly. Even though we were still physically on the ride, we decided to count that time to be completely fair. Not only in this particular game, but to anyone playing in the future. Tough to beat to rate that again. >> Yeah. A minute 15. Good luck. And you just broke the record. >> This was a low record. No one had done the people mover in a consecutive round. So, I got I did it twice consecutively. So, that's the new record. If we have to come re it again, we will. But, we're thinking ahead. >> That's right. Being kind to ourselves or our friends in the future. >> Okay. While I am over here, so I'm about to leave Tomorrowland cuz I know what my next record's going to be. But one of the records that we have not done is most Stitch sightings in a day. So, Stitch is over here. He is taking photos. There's Stitch. I don't have to meet him. It's just sightings. Super cutie. Technically, I did see him as we went around on the people mover, too, but I forgot to show it, so I don't feel like it counts. So, right now, we're going to go with one. And technically, one is the record. So, right now, I'm Oh, I've seen Stitch once. >> I'm going to let you guess the record I am about to set. It has something to do with something that I don't do in my everyday life. This is something almost every adult over the age of 16 does. So it's very strange that I don't or at least it's remarkable and it's something you can do here even as a child which means yes even I am qualified to do this particular thing here in Tomorrowland. What is it? If you guessed drive a car at Tomorrowland Speedway, you are correct. The record I am setting is the least number of times hitting the rail in between vehicles during my drive. This can be harder than it might seem, especially depending on the vehicle you randomly are given and some of them have great uh searing, some of them are completely out of control. I actually accidentally practiced for this yesterday. I came here with a friend and I drove and I did really well and he was out of control and way behind me and he, believe it or not, drives a car. Drives a truck, a pickup truck as a matter of fact. So, he's got to be good. Well, we'll see what I'm given today because it is pretty random and has very little to do with being an actually good, experienced driver. The weight is posted 20 minutes right now from this location. We'll see if that is accurate. Yesterday I started in the queue this far back. It was a posted wait of 25 minutes and we ended up getting into the vehicle at about the 10 minute mark. But now I think I'm going to attempt to break my very own record in a different uh world record video. I set the record for how many animatronics I could see in one day. And I've got a pretty solid strategy to break that record because the the record that I did have was 60 because that's how many there are in uh Spaceship Earth. There are 60 animatronics uh throughout the course of um Spaceship Earth, which it's a lot of animatronics. Everything from horses to to human beings to, you know, what what what have you. But there are two op um there are two really big animatronic shows here that I think will like shoot me into like at least at least breaking a 100 maybe hopefully 100 animatronics and we're going to go see one of my um not must do situations but the Hall of Presidents the Hall of Presidents is about a 30 25 30 minute show all about our founding fathers how America happened. It's a majority of it is video, but there are two really cool moments where uh Abraham Lincoln, which an animatronic, Abraham Lincoln plays a huge part in Disney history. He has a cool standup moment as well as at the very end you see every president that America has ever had in animatronic form. Okay, I am walking actually towards Frontier Land, but I'm gonna take a quick break because technically Stitch is over here as well as one of the statues, one of the golden statues. Technically, these were released for Disney World's 50th anniversary, but they kept them around. Now, they interact with your Magic Band Plus, all that good lovely stuff. So, there's Stitch again. Oh, it's like his full body, too. He's super cutie. So, too. I'll move my Stitch count up to two. And I'm also going to cut through Tomorrowland Terrace. Gorgeous. >> All right, it's our turn. Right at 20 minutes. Amazing. I have to get into these vehicles and then slide myself over to get under the steering wheel. I really need both feet to do this. I mean, both hands, but I'm dealing with it. This is amazing. One, I hit once. 2 3 4 5 Oh, come on. 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 I need to put my phone down. 15 16 20 21 24 25 26 27 28 29 Oh, 30 31 32 33 34. The hardest part about this is steering with one hand trying to film at the same time. Next time I if I attempt this again, I need to like wear a GoPro or something so I can have both hands on the wheel. And the number to beep, I've just established it 35. Okay, 45 animatronics. 45 45 animatronics and I was like, "Wait, is that right?" I I had to do the research cuz like, "Wait a minute. 45? Is that right?" Cuz I counted just in case. I didn't exactly pass history. I wasn't amazing at it. Yeah, that's fine. Nobody needs to know that. I'm I'm I'm an actor. I'm a creator. This is I don't need I don't need to know math or English social studies. It's fine. Anyway, 45 animatronics. I know what you're thinking, Sage, that's only 45. You you're break your record was 60. Well, I will continue to keep score, but just in case I don't do anything else, let's do a very quick uh animatronic show. The Enchantic Room is about a 15-minute animatronic show that literally takes place inside this beautiful uh well tiki pot. You know what? On my way to the Country Bears, there's one record that nobody has attempted yet. So, even if I get a really high number, it counts. So, I'm here at the exit of Magic Carpets of Aladdin. I'm going to count how many steps it takes me to get from here to the Country Bears. It's going to be a lot. This record is going to be easily broken. But 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 28 24 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 44 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 25 46 57 48 49 50 51 52 and 53. Now, is that a good record? No. Can no one else easily break it? Yes. And does it count towards our total today? Also, yes. >> With two brand new records set, I am now leaving Magic Kingdom and heading to Epcot to try to break a record previously set by Frybucket. And that is for the shortest time between two Disney World parks using free Disney World transportation. The time she set, the time to beat is 38 minutes and 40 seconds. And I'm traveling Montreal to Montreal all the way to Epcot hoping that I can beat that. And I think that I can. The minute that I cross the threshold of the exit, I'm setting the timer. That is officially the moment I step out of this park and make my journey to the next over to Epcot. Let's see if I can do it in less than 38 minutes and 40 seconds. So, I'm sure if anybody watching this that's worked on the Enchanted Tiki Room or an Imagineer or something like that that can tell me if things are like if if certain elements of that show are actually just one animatronic cuz even though it looks like 12 flowers, the whole thing is just one animatronic. I don't know. I did my best judgment I suppose. I counted every single flower, bird, and tiki that uh moves independently from the others, considering that the their own animatronic. The only thing uh that I didn't think was individual animatronics, just kind of like one big thing moving together, were the uh the guy singing flowers in the corner of the walls. I'm like, they're not really moving independently of each other. So, I think that's all like one system. So, I only counted that anyway. 83 is what I counted. Which brings us to 228. I hope really hope no one beats that record cuz I could I could go see more animatronics, but I at that point why why why would you? Anyway, 228. You definitely broke my record. Here we go. I think it's officially time that I leave Magic Kingdom. Uh because I think there are a couple others that I want to do. There are a couple in transit records that I think we can break as well as uh maybe records in a different park. So, right now, I think it's time to at least set an attempt for how quickly I can get from the Magic Kingdom to the Tick Transportation Center. It's currently a little past 1:30 in the afternoon, 1:40ish, and I would not say that this is the always the fastest way to uh go from Magic Kingdom to the ticket transportation center because late at night, there's probably a better way, especially trying to deal with the mass exodus. Early in the morning, there's probably uh a much better way. But for the purposes of today, we're going to do the Express Montreal because I do believe in this moment that will be the fastest. I'm setting my timer right now and here at the gates to Magic Kingdom and we're leaving. Now, the Express Montreal is going to be your direct flight essentially to uh from Magic Kingdom to the Ticket Transportation Center, which is where everybody who is not staying at one of the Magic Kingdom uh resorts that you will have to park at the ticket and transportation center. Perfect. And Montreal is pulling up right now. Now, there are a lot of different ways to get from the ticket and transportation center uh to Magic Kingdom and vice versa. One is the Montreal. Uh there are two different Montreals. One is the resort Montreals that will stop at all the different Magic Kingdom resorts and one is the express which will take you directly to the ticket transportation center. There's also a a ferry boat. Now, the ferry boats are a little slower. They're a little more relaxed, uh which I think is a lovely way to to take to the Magic Kingdom in the morning cuz you won't necessarily be as crowded in one of these Montreals. But if you're looking to get your steps in and you don't necessarily want to do the Montreal or a ferry boat, you can walk. Yes, you can fully walk from Magic Kingdom to the Tick Transportation Center through the different resorts. >> I have come over to the Country Bears. Oh, hello Grizzly Halls. >> I'm here at the Country Bear Musical Jamberee because I'm going to see who can see the most country bears consecutively, like all at one time. This is obviously the place to go. Now, sometimes the bears come outside and maybe this artwork counts as well. I don't really know. Um, no one's attempted this record. This one is for today. So, I'm not going to count these just yet. I'm going to count the ones inside and then if people get competitive, I'll come back and count it again. I will also be honest, part of the reason I'm coming to watch the Country Bears is because this is mine and my mom's like favorite thing in Magic Kingdom. We love it. We love doing it together. and she texted me last night and was like, "If you go if you go to Magic Kingdom, watch the bears for me." So, this is for my mom. Shout out Amy. >> 15 seconds. We are on the Montreal Coral headed to the TTC where we will transfer the Epcot Montreal. And in 9 minutes, we are pulling into the TTC. We do have this walkway right here across to the Epcot Montreal. And so, all we need to do is cross over right there. >> Oh, and that's a beautiful thing. Montreal yellow. 11 minutes and 45 seconds and we're already on Montreal Yellow headed to Epcot. We just got to get over there, scan in, and then I can stop the timer and see if we were able to beat Bry Bucket. >> Okay, I waited 10 minutes. So, new record bear and we're going to see how many bears we can spot. Probably a lot. They're all here and they live here in Grizzly Hall. I'm also sitting insanely close, which was not my intention. And we are the first ones on the Montreal and no one else is even close behind us. And we are walking, not running. That's the way we do it. It's great that we don't have to go back through security through it. In the morning or busier times later in the afternoon, you will see ropes in between the ticket booths and you do not want to jump those. You see, it's ready to go for later. But when they're open, feel free to use them. While the while the tap styles will tend to be open further down here, you never know, you might see one open down here for some reason. And if that's the case, you want to be in a position to use the first open tap style you come upon. But right now, this is that tap style for us. And we're calling the time now. And at 25 minutes and 56 seconds, we have just beat Fry Bucket's fry speed by 12 minutes and 44 seconds. Wow. That's how you beat fry speed with your brain and not your legs. We're at the TTC and the time stops when we get to the bottom of the ramp and stop. 8 minutes and 20 seconds. I I feel like that's that's a pretty good time. Uh 8 minutes and 20 seconds. It was It was direct. Uh the Montreal was there and the doors were open by the time I got to the top of the platform over at Magic Kingdom. Like the only way maybe someone could beat that time is one if the Montreal drove faster or two if like they were about to close the doors uh right when someone steps in, which is definitely possible, but that's a pretty solid time. 8 minutes 20 seconds. All right, we're off. Wow. I guess I'm coming for Fry today because I'm about to attempt to break another one of her records. This is for the longest continuous elevator ride. She set the record at 40 seconds, but I know I can go longer than that. And to find an elevator that I believe is the most remote and reasonable to do this, I'm headed to the seas pavilion. I'm going through the seabase entrance and I'm going back to the elevator in the corner. You know the one. You've taken your stroller up there. Well, I'm going to be standing in it for a while. Longer than 40 seconds, I can tell you that. The Seas Pavilion is home to the Seas with Nemo and Friends, a really fun dark ride, Omni Mever, that takes you through really fun scenes from the film and also into the actual tank itself. The huge fish tank that is used to be the biggest in the US. Now, it's the second biggest. The Georgia Aquarium became the largest. But if you go back here to the quarter, there is an elevator right here, back where the restrooms are. It's up on the second floor right now. It's on its way down. We'll set a timer. We'll hop on and ride as long as we need to to beat 40 seconds. Just us riding the elevator in the seas pavilion. Is somebody going to get on here now? No. One. Going back down. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Here we are. It's opening again. This is our second ride. I mean, it's Yes, we went up. Now we've gone down. We're back on the first floor and I'm hitting floor number two again. Luckily, it's not a busy elevator today, as I was hoping. Okay, great news. We've already beat Fry's time. We are up on the second floor, so I'm going to take it again down to the first floor as a legitimate form of transportation to get us back down to the exit level. But, we've already done it. It's just yet to be seen how much we have broken this record by. Okay, the numbers are in. Fry's original record was 40 seconds. We beat her by an entire minute. That was an a minute 40 seconds that we just rode up and down in the elevator in the SE's pavilion. That's going to be a tough one to beat. Someone's going to have to go up and down the elevator four times or something. That's how long I I did. So, like five times, six times. They want to return back downstairs. Maybe they'll start from upstairs. Maybe it won't be in the seas. Maybe they'll actually end up wanting to be somewhere on an upper floor. There are so many options. But the odds we're worried about now are the records that have not yet been broken today. So, I'm going to move on. >> Okay, pals. I love the country bears. It's one of my favorites. It's going to continue to be one of my favorites, but the best time to see it is when there's a big crowd and everybody's getting into it. And that's how it was today. Everybody was singing along and clapping and giggling at all the right moments. I love it. You honestly would think the way I treat this ride that I like personally built it. I did not. Um just love it. I counted 17 unique bears. So that's not counting like if Trixie came up twice. Like that's only counting. Okay. I saw Trixie, she's one bear. So I don't know. Maybe in the future somebody else could count like every single time you see a bear. I don't know. There was no record. So that's the current one. 17 bears. And that's so many bears, but I love them all individually, specifically Trixie and the triplets. There's two more goals that I'm going so far. One is going to be the time between two hotels and free transportation. I can do a just big old lap on the Montreal and I think that should count. I will triple check with Quincy. And then most times on Everest, nobody's done that. And if I can use single rider, that's going to be great. I feel like those are two easy targets. and then I will feel good about what I have contributed to said world records to our team. I will say as we're filming this, it is busy today. We are filming this around um President's Day weekend, so that's possibly part of it. Holidays are always a busy time in Disney World. Um but it's also like the weather's getting warmer. Everybody's ready to get those winter blues over with. And honestly, it might be a little bit early. I think it's probably too early for spring breaks, but spring breaks are coming up soon. And spring break in Disney World can be pretty overwhelming and pretty hectic. We have done a video about what it takes to survive spring break in the park. If you're coming and you're like trying to figure out what it's going to be like, what it's going to look like for you. We have done videos breaking that down. You can go check it out. It's a lot of fun. But let's just say it just crouched. >> I made it to Hollywood Studios. There's a couple different strategies I can take here. I can ride a ride. The ride that I have here is getting the highest score on Toy Story Mania or getting the most amount of drops on Tower of Terror. >> 15 minutes and 34 seconds. That is the fastest speed on record. Fry speed that she was able to get into every country in World Showcase and step foot inside a building. I'm setting the timer. Let's see if I can do that faster. This one, I don't know if there's a way to do this smarter. You just got to be fast. Controversially, starting with Canada. Yes, I am going the Canada route, but I'm setting the timer now and walking in here. Northwest Merkantile. >> Okay, thank you. >> And we are stepping foot inside and we're out. So, let's just go straight ahead to the tea caddy, the little twining shop. We'll step foot in, turn around, and walk out in here to the tea caddy. And we've walked out. >> Okay, we are headed to the resort Montreal. There are two Montreals as you're exiting and entering Magic Kingdom. One will take you to the Montreal Resorts, which is the Contemporary Polynesian and the Grand Fian. And the other one is the Express Montreal. It'll take you straight back to the TTC, which if you parked at Magic Kingdom, you're going to have to go back there to get your car. I personally love riding the resort Montreal. You don't have to be staying at the resorts to hop on this one. And I think I just like going to the resort. It's one of my favorite things about Disney World. And if you're not going to the resorts, you're missing like I'd say half of the good stuff here. Yeah, half. >> All right, I'm going to try for this. I am currently standing in front of Walt Disney Presents, which is basically a museum, an an exhibit, if you will, to all things Walt Disney. And a big part of Walt Disney's life was Mickey Mouse. I I'm going to do my best to what is it? I think I'm going to attempt most found in 15 minutes. The current record is 52 with Emma. I think I'm going to I there's got to be a bunch of Mickey Mickey's in here. And if worse comes to worse, I can sprint over to one of these merch places. But I think I think we're going to start here. So, let's set the timer. Okay. Where's Mickey Mouse? Mickey Mouse. Okay. So, definitely Nope. That's Pinocchio. That's Pinocchio. Okay. So, 1 2 3 4 5 5 5 6 7 Excuse me. 8 9 10 8 11 12 13 14 15 16 17. Yeah. 16. That's That's a big mini. 16. 16. Okay. 17. 18. 19. 19. Okay. 19. 20. He's holding Mickey Mouse doll. 20. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. 21 on the hat. 22. 23. >> 24. 24. 24. A man. Only 24 Mickey's. That's crazy. Okay. All right. 24 Mickey's. We're going to have to go to 24. I found 24. That's not bad. There's a lot of makeis here. I missed that. 25 Disney Junior 26 27 Mickey Mouse uh clubhouse 28. >> We know where we want to go. Chefs to France. That's exactly where we'll go. Here we are. We're here and we're out. We've done it. We've walked into France. Anticipating Morocco. I'm thinking about Spice Road Table. Just walking into where the water area is. But there's also the side entrance often used as an exit for Tenerine Cafe. If it appears it's an open space that allows people to walk in there for seating, which is usually the case, then we'll just walk in there. It's on the right side. I see doors open. If it does look in any way strange and like we're not supposed to do that, then I won't do that. I'll go across the way to Spice Road Table. I will actually use this as a breezeway to get from one spot to another. You will see shortly. This is completely open. This is all open to be used as seating for the festival. Hello, Tangerine Cafe. And out the other door, we've made it through Morocco. People, people, people. Lots and lots of people. This is going to be our downfall. We cannot have a straight walk. Oh no. But they sound great. >> On top of the crossroads of of the world. 29. Disney and co first. 30 on the watch. Okay. Oh, here we go. 31 32 33. Wow. 34 35 36 37 through 38. >> He said go ahead all years. That's funny. It took me 11 minutes to put my feet on one hotel property to a different hotel property. So, not a bad record. It can be beaten pretty easily. But I am now going to go downstairs and find a bus going to Animal Kingdom. >> Look at that. That's definitely Director Mickey. 40 41 42. Our pins 43. I don't know if that counts. 44 456 47 48 Oh, we're going to nail this. 49 50 51 51 Okay, I'm not seeing anymore. 52 53 54 556 57 58 59 Where is he? I was driving 60. Okay, stepping in here to Mitsukoshi. Stepping in and stepping out. We've done it. Japan. I'm going to walk into Art of Disney, turn around, and we will have achieved American Adventure. We've done it. We've stepped in to a building at the American Adventure Pavilion. That of course was Art of Disney. It's sort of like Festival of the Arts year round. Really amazing artists creating artworks based on Disney IP, intellectual property, aka all the characters that we know and love. >> All right. 60 60 Mickey's different Mickey's the shapes of whether it would be the shape of Mickey's head or I didn't we didn't really call it any hidden Mickey Mickey's I thought it was uh anywhere you could find Mickey Mouse faces of Mickey's at least 60 that's definitely like not even close to the amount but it is breaking our Disney World record. The previous number being was it 52 or 54 something like that. So hey 60 I think I'll take it. >> We've made it to Disney's Animal Kingdom. One of the best parts about that bus ride is it takes you pretty much to the front of the bus station up here. That bus ride actually took a minute because we had to stop at the Grand Fian as well. That bus for Animal Kingdom goes between the two. So, it took us a hot minute to get over here. That's not always the case. It just is, especially in the middle of the day when not as many people are trying to get on the buses. But, it definitely took a huge chunk of our time. We have about 40 minutes left. I'm going to see what I can get done. I don't know. Maybe I should be feeling more team anxiety right now, but I think I just I just am not. Whether that's good or bad is up to you guys. I'm in Animal Kingdom and it's the first time I've been here since they closed the Dino Land and it makes me sad. Oh, and there's Don and Daisy looking. Of course, lots of meet and greet locations have changed since they closed Dino Lim. So, Chip and we're actually right outside the park. Don and Daisy are right here on the inside towards the front. And those could potentially change if you really want to meet these characters. Make sure you're checking the My Disney Experience app. It's going to show you when and where you can find them. But it's another symptom of the Dino Land closure. But I guess I'm glad that they're they're still around. They're not completely gone. Not that anyone thought they would be, but we'll take it. We're stepping through a store to get from one area to the next. We've done it. We've gone through a building in Italy. Next door is Germany. Let's do this door. There's no one in this entrance right now. >> Walked in, then turned around and walked out. We've walked in, we've walked out, and we're on our way to China. >> I'm going to try to hop on Everest at least twice, but to be honest, I only need to ride it once to hit this record. Um, it's the most times in a row. I don't think anyone's attempted this yet. I'm going to head towards the single rider line. This is one of the best single rider lines in Disney World. There are a handful of single riders throughout the parks. Some of them don't work as good as we would like. Rock and roller coaster is an example of that when it is open. This is, I think, one of the better ones, if not maybe the best. It's right here around the corner. Your party will be broken up. You do need to be old enough to ride things by yourself if you're going to do this, but you normally zoom through pretty quickly. >> Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Walk inside. Walk inside. Oh my gosh. Here we are inside. We're walking out. We've done it. We've walked in and out of a store in China. We're headed to Norway. And I know where we can go. The state of church. And we're just walking across the state of church. But come in here and spend some time. Oh, that air conditioning feels great. Right out the other side. We're almost to Mexico, our last country. I'm not even looking at the time right now. I don't want to waste any time at all. But Mexico does have a recently reopened shop. It is on the very same main thoroughfare the shop in China was on. This has not reopened since the pandemic in 2020. And so this is something new. Fry might had to go inside. Inside inside. Oh my gosh, there's a rope. And we don't have to. We're going right here to the inside of building. Okay, I'm stopping the timer now. You're not going to believe this. I don't believe this. I beat Fry Bucket's time by 16 seconds. >> Two times world records. I'm sure honestly me personally, I've done that more in a regular video than even just now. But I'm going for gold. And frankly, two is better than zero. Okay, that is basically time. I have a few minutes left before it's cut off, but to be honest, I don't think there's anything I can do before the time ends. So, I did seven records. I don't think that's very good, but we'll see. Maybe the boys and I work together to do just enough. >> We got a total of 18 between the three of us. I provided five of those. That made me the least of the providers out of the three of us. But I broke some big records. It seemed like I was coming after I was coming for Fry Bucket today and that was not the case. I actually decided to do these before I looked and saw who had done them before. So, this was just completely random. But something tells me if I'm not on the same team with her next time that I might have started a little bit of a war. I hope you had fun. Hey, if you're still here, like this video. Don't forget to put this secret phrase down below in the comments. That way, we know you made it this far. And don't forget to subscribe because we post videos like this. Games, secrets, tricks, hilarious anecdotes, musicals. Baby, we post videos like that all week. Why? Because we're serious about fun. Bye.
