---
video_id: tNG1JZteQ58
channel: AllEars.net
title: "We Thought This Disney Parks Challenge Would Be Easier..."
published: 2026-02-23
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNG1JZteQ58
---
We're putting our Disney parks knowledge to the ultimate test because we are playing Geogesser Disney edition. Specifically, these are Google Street photos from Disney trips that Emma and I have been to physically together. So, including but not limited to the US, Europe, and Asia. I have monumentally failed at this in the past, and Quincy has been really good at it. The closer you are, the more points you get. Also, we are doing this a little bit in celebration of Emma and I's very soon upcoming trip to Singapore. Uh, in fact, we're not just going to Singapore. On the way home, we'll be going to Paris. That's right. Emma and I are spending over 2 days in the air over the course of 10 days to fly completely around the world, go to Singapore to sail on the maiden voyage of the Disney Adventure with some extra stops that are going to be pretty fun. And then on the way home, we're just going to fly through Istanbul to go to Paris so we can see Disney Adventure World as it's getting set to debut in Disneyland Paris. And then for some reason, I'm flying through Reciv. And don't worry, yes, there will be a video about flying all around the world. I have my computer and I think I'm ready to play. There is a below to this game so you can play along with us as you watch the video. Um, and you can see how your score stacks up. Okay. Oh, starting out with the I can't move the camera around as day turns into night. Oh my gosh. So, I believe that is Disneyland's carousel. So, this is clearly this is obviously a fantasy land. There's obviously a carousel in a fantasy land. I don't know where anything's at ever. So, y'all be kind. Los Angeles. I know it's below. Woo. It's below LA. I can see a lot of the stone here. And it doesn't look like the Hong Kong castle to me. The colorful roofs over here um on the left, that could be really any fantasy land. But the fact that Dumbo's right behind does help narrow it down. I don't know. Okay, I think we're going to go with Paris. Where the heck is Anaheim? I don't know where Anaheim is. Over here to Where is it? Tokyo Disneyland. Go into the park. There's Cinderella Castle. Yeah. Yeah, this feels better. They do have a very small Cinderella Castle Fantasy Land. Yeah. I'm going to go with We're facing like I'm going to go with we're right here. Anaheim. Thank goodness. Anaheim. Disneyland Park. I really think it's Disneyland Park. If it's not, I'm going to be uber embarrassed. Oh, it's Disneyland's King Arthur Carousel. I'm guessing that Yes. Yes, I got it right. Thank goodness I found Anaheim. Okay, that looks to me to be the Magic Kingdom Swiss Family Treehouse, Six Stories of Adventure. Okay, this is Swiss Family Treehouse for sure. Six Stories of Adventure. Yeah, I got that. That's Disney Swiss Family Treehouse because there's the signs in. And then this is the Swiss flag. What is this view? I love the Swiss Family Treehouse. So, if it's not this, I'm going to be uber sad. that Swiss Family Tree House is over in Adventure Land. I don't think this is not Magic Kingdoms, but it can't be Disneyland's again. Where else do they have a Swiss Family Treehouse? It's Tarzan in Hong Kong. I'm going to guess Swiss Family. I think I'm going to go Tokyo for this one. I'm going to guess Tokyo every time and be wrong every time. But you know what? I'm sticking to my gun. I'm going Tokyo for this one. No, dead wrong because it's in a different country. But I bet it is Swiss Family. Well, unless I can't find a treehouse here. Swiss Family Treehouse. I think it's this one. Guess it. Okay. Since 71. Well, that seems tricky. 71 implies Disney World. That's a coffee shop clearly, but it doesn't look like the coffee shops I know. That's Disney World's opening day. This is clearly a coffee shop of some kind. But this is not in Disney World, but nothing else opened in 71. I'm going to guess the Starbucks in Magic Kingdom. I think that's wrong, by the way. I think that's wrong. By the way, I think this is a Starbucks. There's stuff on the but that cup's not Starbucks. But there's stuff on the counter that looks like Starbucks to me. Maybe this is like an old picture from Disney World. Part of the reason I lose is cuz I really don't think about this too hard either. But I feel like as team anxiety leader member, CEO, if you will, if I think too hard, I will second guess even the right things. So, I just have to go with my gut. And if I'm wrong, I'm going to be devastated. >> Maybe this is like an old picture of the Disney Springs Starbucks. I find it doubtful, but you know what? I I like it. I like the theory. I'm going to go for it. This is going to be so wrong. Leo Starbucks. Yeah. Okay. France. Where? Dead wrong. It was in France. >> Oh my gosh. It's the Hotel Santa Fe lobby. We stayed there. There's a tour on the tour on the channel. Fine. Of course, that says Disneyland. This is where the magic begins. Does it say Hong Kong Disneyland? Okay, now this is tricky. That says Disneyland. But which one? Oh, it's so blurry. I'm going to guess Hong Kong Disneyland because I feel like Disneyland itself is too obvious. And if I'm wrong, I'm just wrong. I'm just wrong. Also, this is the part of the game where you guys are like, "Oh, Emma doesn't know where anything is." And I go, "Yeah, I don't know where anything is." flurry on the sides where I could try to see. So, people appear to be on this side of the train, which would not be Disneyland. No, no, no. Yeah, they do. Which would not Yeah. Which would not be Disneyland or Disney World. No, I don't know. Hong Kong. But this is how the entrance to a lot of Disneylands look. I'm going to just because I haven't guessed it yet, I am going to guess Hong Kong. Well, that's ocean. Now I'm lost again. Where is Disneyland? It's not on land towel. Where is Disneyland again? Hong Kong Disneyland. It's on the seat. No, that's not where I want to place. That's not where I want to place my thing, please. Okay, so going Hong Kong Disneyland right at the entrance USA. Here's that entrance. I'm going to go right here. Yes. I'm going to guess like here. I'm so glad I zoomed in. That's Fort Wilderness Resort. A place of trauma. It's a place of drama for me personally. >> I just like playing basketball. >> Ball is life. >> Shouldn't have life. >> Oh my gosh. Um, okay. This is a campground horse. This is not Disney World's campground. I think this is going to be Disneyland Paris's campground. The Fort Wilderness Resort and Campground where we discovered the Allers team is bad at sports. And then Quincy likes to say that she's better than the rest, but she's equally just as bad. >> Oh, I got through one. I'm going to kind of fit like right here and hope it's close enough. I'm going to guess like general area. Hopefully I was like I was one point away from perfect. Well, it was for wilderness, so it wasn't going to be very close. This game is hard. Okay, flying carpets I can work with. I know these carpets. That's in Paris. That's in Paris, honey. I can tell because there's that like faux Agraba thing behind it. This is I think this is Paris which is in Walt Disney Studios Park. The only thing that's giving me pause is over here because in Walt Disney Studios Park the carpets are kind of off on their own. And it does look like there's more sort of Adventureland theming over there which means this could be carpets in Tokyo. That feels better. I'm like trying to visualize when you walk out Disney Village Disney of Paris. So I think it's over in here the laugh and go super diner here. We're trying to Yes. Okay. And it was over here near world premiere crushers coaster. It's like in this areaish I believe. The facade feels very Disneyland Paris to me. And Disney Tokyo is very carbon copy Disney World as is Hong Kong. Well, Hong Kong's a little bit less honestly. I don't even think Hong Kong has carpets off the top of my head. I know Disneyland Paris does. And this like facade wall looks to me a lot like what Paris's looks like. Yeah, let's go Paris. 5,000 points. Yeah, put them on the board. Whatever. >> Yeah. Yes, I knew that facade. I remember thinking this is kind of a lame carpet and carpets isn't that cool to begin with. How am I only halfway through? Perspective is everything. Okay, this is cute. There is this though. Um, it looks to me to be perspective is everything. I think this is Pixie Hollow in Tokyo Disney Sea. >> Is this like Bugs Land before it got redone into Marvel in California? >> Okay, so this in the back is a watermelon. And I thought initially that it was a yo-yo. >> I kind of feel like it is. >> Would this be like old Disney California Adventure or is there a place that currently has Bug's Life? I don't know how old these pictures are. Which would mean it's in California Adventure and it would be Over here by Marvel. This is kind of a shot in the dark. I feel like I'm just going to lazily guess DCA. And if it's not, it has to be in Tokyo. I think I think this is wrong. I want everyone to know that I think this is wrong. I think I'm getting it wrong, but I don't I don't know what else I would put. I was right. And a correct one. I was right. It is an old picture. Okay. Well, now that's actually Avengers Campus in California Adventure. It is no longer um Bug's Life. That's crazy. This to me looks like DCA, but I'm going to guess that it's Tokyo because Tokyo's Roger Rabbit is at a different location whereas Disneyland's kind of in the corner. I don't think there is many buildings on the right side of it. I think it's in Tokyo. Roger Rabbit cartoon spin. There's a hint here that says it's all in the details. Okay, here's what I'm talking about. You see how this whole crowd, everybody here looks like they're probably East Asian, which helps us because that is not what it looks like in California. Also, there are trees back behind this facade here and also that's not where this facade is. So, yeah, this is definitely an Asian park. Hong Kong doesn't have this, so it's got to be Tokyo. Okay. Well, I'm going to click a place. I'm going to click a place. I'm just going to click somewhere roughly near the airport, I feel. And hope for the best because we're down to 15 seconds. So, okay. I'm going to go like midway between Tokyo and the airport. Okay. Roger Rabbit's cartoon spin. Yeah, things are looking up. Okay. Frozen. World of Frozen. World of Frozen Hong Kong merchandise shop. Um, that looks to be Epcot, but I bet it's not because why would they give me that? Um, the puffins are super cute. No, there's puffins on the light. Yeah, this is definitely the exit. That right there is the exit for the Frozen ride. The clue is Tik Tok, which is um because the ride is in the clock tower. I'm going to guess Hong Kong because there are so many of the little snow snow bees. I can't think of their names. Um and that was like a huge thing. The Hong Kong stores. I spent a lot of time in the stores. Going to be in the very back of the park and they're frozen. Here's Frozen Ever After. It is over here in Tik Tok toys and collectibles and small world. Yeah, I'm just going to rock the world of Frozen. 5,000 point. Whatever. Whatever you guys that li That's Paris. Okay. Whisper of another time. All right. This is a Main Street USA and a Disneyland. Liberty Court. Lillian Boutique. >> Yes. Lily's Boutique. That's Paris. Right next to it is the Walt's restaurant, which we didn't love. We didn't love it, but that's okay. Tokyo has the interesting covered main street. Where was Disneyland? No, don't guess there. I know where it's at. I actually know exactly where it's at, which is frustrating. I don't know that Hong Kong's has like a side street like this, though. This is getting Paris to me. I don't know anything about getting around. I'm a smart, educated woman. It's not me putting myself down. I just don't know how to get around. >> Yeah, it's giving Market Street Paris. >> I'm I'm feeling confident that it's Flower Street. I'm feeling confident because I should be confident. I'm feeling good because I did do good. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Um, this is interesting. There's a world that this is Disneyland's castle. Disneyland Disney World Castle cuz you can go in it if you're dining at Cinderella's Royal Table. Okay, we're inside a castle. Maybe sleep. I mean, maybe Sleeping Beauty Castle in Paris. I don't know. I'm going to guess world. I think there's a world that it's not a world. I think there's a world that is not. Where is this? Is this Cinderella's royal table? Cinn's royal table? Yeah, we're going to rock with that. And that's called knowing how to play a game. That was so funny. Okay, this looks familiar to me. That looks to be to me the Grand Fian, but there Disney almost every single Disney resort to my knowledge has like the same style flagship resort. This is not Grand Fian, but there are Grand Fianesque hotels in a lot of the different Disneylands. Off to the races. Off to the races. It's not I don't think it's the Grand Fian. Maybe it is cuz I see the bird cage. I think this is Hong Kong's Disneyland Hotel. I feel like I remember those domes in the ceiling and that elevator from Hong Kong. I don't want to guess Florida again, but I think I'm going to guess Florida because I don't actually know. And this looks like the carpet, but also maybe not at all. Guys, don't be mad at me if there there's a reason this is like super clear, cuz I don't know it. It is tricky. These do all kind of start to get a little run together. >> I really don't. I'm guessing. Yeah. No, it was in it was Hong Kong. So, I think this is Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel. I remember those the elevator in those domes, which I had a to be honest, I had a feeling, but I also thought I'm wasting a whole lot of time doing this. Oh gosh, that's Epcot's parking lot. First step is horizontal. This is the Epcot parking lot. No. >> Epcot parking lot. Epcot parking lot. I've been trapped there a lot. I don't know exactly which area it is. I I could like take you to it right now. >> Yeah, this is the Epcot parking lot right there on on the pavement. It says Discovery. I parked here, you know, last week. So, there's the Montreal station. I'm going to guess Crush parking lot. This is about right here because it is the crush parking lot. I was two rows back, but I can't find my car when I parked there. This is Tokyo Disney scene. Pirate Island Paris. I think Paris has a really cool um sort of like pirates pirate island walkthrough. Um it's awesome. It's like a big section of Adventure Land. And I think that is what we're looking at here. The rock work looks like Tokyo Disney Sea in the Peter Pan area. That or Paris Adventure Land, but I want to guess Tokyo Disney Sea cuz I love talking about it. Yeah, Adventure Isle is like a pirates walkth through. I'm guessing Fantasy Springs. I'm like not 100%. Well, and then also there are piratey walkthroughs elsewhere like in Tokyo apparently. Is that that could be Fantasy Springs? I'm going to guess Jolly Roger because it dang well is. Look at that. Look at this. Okay, we've got one more. I feel like I've done well. Well, then they showed me a parking garage. This does not look like a Disney Springs parking deck. Parking deck Disneyland, maybe. There's tons of parking decks over there. There could be parking decks anywhere, but these are American cars. I'm g I'm geogesser. I'm good at it. I know how to geogess by land. Okay. By land makes me think Disneyland. Walk by land to it by sea, if you will. It's over here, right? Yeah. Let's just go right here. Where? I'm going to guess Downtown Disney District and just lose a few points if I'm super wrong. It is Disney Springs. That is so rude. That is the cruise port parking at the Disney Cruise Life port terminal. >> Well, I feel like I did pretty darn good compared to last previous games. I don't know. We're going to find out. Okay, let's see how I did. Oh my god, I lost. Emma won. That is so fun. And it is so hard. Okay, friends. If you guys made it this far, thank you so much for having fun with us. Be sure to drop this secret code below so we know that you made it this far. And don't forget to subscribe. We upload games, tips, tours, and more from Disney parks all over the world all week. We are very serious about fun. Bye. We'll see you next time.
