---
video_id: VNqMwJ6rtuQ
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Everything We Ate On The Disney Fantasy -- Disney Cruise Line Food Review"
published: 2026-03-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNqMwJ6rtuQ
---
I've never been so full in my life. I feel like I'm eating everything on the Disney Fantasy. Now, it's very likely your first meal on board, frankly, almost any day ship, but specifically the Fantasy is going to be here at Cabanas. This is the buffet, the buffet. This is where you're going to find a lot of your picky eater friendly items as well. And this is the first place that is open when you get on board the ship for the lunch. So, that's why most likely you're going to end up here. Now, Quincy, what are you dining on today? I'm having um I got the carved beef. I was fancier name than that, but it was just a big hunk of beef that he carved. Um I got macaroni with mushrooms and teragon. I got kind of a jumble with water chestnuts and corn. Um I got some shrimp, kale shrimp with cocktail sauce. I got buttered asparagus, buttered snow peas, and buttered carrots. And I got a big old heap of pile of horseradish for my beef. And I forgot to get a drink. Well, you can have one of mine. I got two. I ended up grabbing some salmon, some sirloin, mashed potatoes, the same like corn sach, a pea puree. I have some shrimp. There's all of this to be said. There is a massive variety here. They also have a lot of like those more familiar items like chicken tenders. They have pizza. There's a lot of good things that you can enjoy. I've already eaten a lot of mine, so I'm going to say it is hot and it's actually really well seasoned and pretty tasty. It's a Dole Cruise Buffet, so don't expect to come in and just have your socks knocked off. But I'm actually really enjoying it. I think there's something for everybody at the cruise buffet. And they do change out the options from day to day. So it's not like every time you come in here, it'll be exactly the same. If and when we eat here again, you will see what we're eating then, too. Probably be back for a breakfast. The macaroni is warm. Final answer. But you touched it so many times. It's so good. It's so mushroomy. First meal. You got to get this first lunch. So of course that means we're going to the second most important thing to us. >> I thought you were I thought you were making a toast >> to us. Welcome to the fantasy. You should actually toast before I'd say every event and this is an event. So go ahead and raise your glass to the fantasy. Oh, to us to the fantasy. Sorry. Both are good. Both are good. This is from Cove Cafe. If you don't know, almost all of the cruise ships are going to have a Cove Cafe, which is in the adults only area. And this is where we tend to get our fancy coffees. There are coffees that are included in the price of your ship. >> Regular coffee, >> your regular coffee, your black coffee. But if you want something fancy, a latte, anything that's not just black coffee, you're going to come to the Cove Cafe. It is going to be an upcharge. It is going to be an upcharge. And some of the newer ships especially have multiple coffee bars, but they're still going to have a Cove as well. We love these salted caramel coconut lattes, iced or hot. This is our favorite. And they are aboard all of the ships except for the adventure. We don't know just yet. >> Maybe we'll find out. >> We'll find out. You guys might know before we do. I don't know when this goes up. >> Delicious as always. Pretty sweet. So, it's very sweet. It's very balanced coconuty and salted caramel. I think both flavors are really equal. And I'm also a coconut person and I still love this. So, it's not overwhelming. >> I was gonna say I'm not a sweet person and I don't find it overwhelming. >> She's super sweet, you guys. Don't listen to her. That being said, we love a good coffee. We're probably going to have several more throughout this. They also uh we have started our cafe fanatic card. These are membership cards. >> Our fanatics. >> Yeah. The the coffees are usually between $5 and $6. So, it's really not the cheapest thing you can do. But since you everything else on the ship is free, and by that I mean you already paid a ridiculous amount of money for it. It's basically like, you know, the only the best thing you can do, you know, got to spend a little money. >> Outside of souvenirs, really, this is the only money you're really going to spend. So, why treat yourself if you want cafe alcohol or adults only dining? There's a lot. There's really a lot. Anyway, on to the next. I can't wait to see where we eat next. Me, too. I think dinner. >> Might be dinner. Well, we might get ice cream before then because you promised. I don't think I did. She promised. It's just a different video. Okay. Welcome to the first of our rotational dining offerings. And if you don't know and I turned the I turned I turned the camera off. I'm so sorry if you don't know and you've never been. This is the animator's pallet and it is one of mine and Quincy's personal favorites. Now, it is available on several of the ships, but that doesn't make it any less exciting. It does have different shows on the Disney Fantasy and the first night is actually a show all about Crush. He comes out, he might be talking to you. He might interact with some people in the restaurant. You can kind of see him swimming around and doing different aspects of the show while you dine. If you have been around, you may have heard us talk about some of the items here because we love them so much. And we're going to get into all of that in just a moment. But there's actually different rotational shows that you can see. Tonight is all about my big crush on Crush the Sea Turtle. I have a crush on him. I'm going to eat some bread. Um, so the bread here is fkatcha and it comes with a garlic mayo spread which I in the past have loved. Although I took a little secret off camera bite already. Sorry. And I have to say not doing it for me this time. That bite was better. It's just way more mayoy. Some bites of this it really kind of tastes like you have mayo that is just like lightly seasoned with garlic, which is not really what I want to spread on bread. But the bite I just got was very very garlicky and tasted more like a garlic ioli. So I think maybe a little inconsistent, but that's kind of something to expect from cruise food in general is that it can be a bit inconsistent. The good news is uh it's pretty good and you get to eat a whole lot of it. And they also did just bring regular butter, which I bet if I mix the regular butter with the mayo, it'll kind of serve. Emma's looking at me with stress. I'm going to do it. She's telling me not to. I'm going to do it. All right. Now we are starting our meal, but we both did get a little wine. I ended up grabbing a glass of rosé. Quincy grabbed >> glass of pino noir in turn. >> A glass of pino noir. They're quite delicious. They're I wouldn't say like knock your socks off. They're just glasses of wine. But it's really nice that you can purchase these in addition. It is an upcharge. These are not included in your meal. >> The glasses range for about $9 to $15. And you can also do a wine bottles package. That isn't a bad deal, but if you weren't going to drink it all, I would just stick to buying what you want. If you love wine and you know you're going to have a glass at every meal, probably consider that. This is the thing that I would argue makes Animators Pallet famous to us. Whether or not it's famous to you, that's your business. But we love the black truffle pasta pettes. We love them so much that we will order multiple items cuz you can order as much as you want and that's not an upcharge. That's the fun about cruising. But this is mine. Get a look. Looks delicious. I know. >> This is mine. >> This is Quincy's plate >> and it's empty. She actually goes, "Do you want to talk about this one on camera?" And I was like, "Yeah." I didn't think twice about it. And then I saw her shoveling it into her mouth and I was like, "Oh, it's cuz she didn't want to wait." So, here's mine. These to me are so good. It has just the right amount of black truffle flavor coming through. It's not too much. It's not overpowering. And I can sometimes find truffle to be overpowering. I don't feel that way about these. nice and creamy. There's a good amount of filling on the inside. There's maybe what, six little pasta per set, so it really is more of an appetizer. But if you want it as your meal, get three of them. They're going to let you, and I think that you should consider it. Our other appetizer that we got to split is the tomato tart. It comes with glazed goat cheese and shaved radish. Um, it is it looks like a very fluffy like pastry tart. I'm super excited to try it, actually. Is it good? I also wish the goat cheese was spread out. I think that the goat cheese is like perfectly tangy and creamy and it balances the acidity of the tomatoes which is baked into the bread. So, it's not like super super tomatoey. The primary flavors are the goat cheese and the radish. But very fresh flavors. Feels like a very like garden fresh sort of flavor palette. And I'm surprised by the quality of the goat cheese. It's better than I feel like goat cheese I bought at my grocery store. Is beautiful tang to it. Um and the bread has seeds. The actual pastry has seeds in it. This is a little bit higher quality than I would expect. So definitely a recommend. But I would get this and the pasta because you can't say no to the pasta pettes. I'll be honest, I forgot I ordered this. But I did also get butternut squash soup cuz he said it was really good. It is really good. It tastes like the most fresh squash. Like with the most flavorful fresh squash and it's so warm and comforting and creamy, but it's also savory and they cracked fresh black pepper on it. Really delicious. I'm glad I got it. For my mane, if you hear crush yelling in the background, righteous. >> Yeah, all the servers are swimming around the dining room. I look really bad in blue light. All right, I got the herb crusted pork chop. This is such a hard I'm sorry, I can't focus on the pork chop. I got the herb crusted pork chop, uh, which is fresh with don mustard and crusted with herbed breadcrumbs. And it's served with sundried tomato risoto and barolo wine sauce. The pork chop is good. It's very juicy, but it's a bit on the chewy side. It was just I would do smaller bites because it's so chewy. I love the herb crust on it. Sweet. Totally sweet. There's asparagus. It's three little pieces. I love asparagus, so I'd want more than that. But let's try out the risoto. The risoto is delicious. It tastes almost like a marinara. It's really good though. It's a little um it's less creamy than your typical risoto, but it pairs well with the pork chop. Overall, I think that I've had this uh tuna steak that Emma has. I've had that more times. And I think that that and the beef are the real winners on this menu. I wouldn't get the pork chop again because those other two are so much better. Emma, tell them how it's good. I grabbed the grilled tuna steak, which Quincy talked about. And it has fingerlink beef, uh, tomato pesto, and aoli underneath. I actually really enjoy this. Um, I'll take a bite on camera just so you can see that I'm actually eating it. I think this is a great light option. The tuna steak is actually really nice and meaty, which I prefer. There's not a ton of flavor on the tuna steak itself. It's really just kind of that salty lightness. The ioli is very similar to our dip from earlier. It leaves a little bit on the mayo side, but it adds just enough flavor to the tuna itself to make it a little bit more exciting. The fingerlink potatoes are actually pretty darn good. I can tell that they used a good amount of butter. The capanada underneath is more like almost like a ratatouille. Very nice and light and earthy. I think it all ties together really well. I definitely think this is one of the more adventurous options on this menu, but it's also still very I would say honestly plain. It's just I really like it. I do agree. It's probably one of the better ones on menu and I really enjoy it and I can tell they used butter, which is huge. Use more butter in your daily life. Okay, I got the apple crumble rice pudding, which I am so excited about and with good reason. This is so tasty. I think rice pudding is one of those things that not everybody's going to like because it's a bit it's a bit of like a creamy pudding but has the also the big wet rice in it. I think for a lot of people it could be off-putting texturally. Not the case for me. I love it especially in a dessert form where it's a little sweet which it usually is. It's often paired with like raspberry which I'm not a big raspberry fan. So I was super excited to see it with apple and I love anything that is apple and alamood with an ice cream scoop on top. It's beautiful ice cream. Tons of like the crumbly crunchy bits. This delicious rice pudding is very good. I'm gonna say our bonus dessert because we did ended up with a bonus dessert. I'm actually eating two desserts. I'm really sorry. Okay, first I did end up ordering the signature dessert here at the restaurant and it was the lemon ice box pie. Cheers. I love a lemon pie. It's like a key lime pie, but instead of that kind of tart, acidic key lime flavor, it's lemon. I love lemon pie. It was one of my favorite desserts growing up. So, this is really nice and comforting. I do think the crust is a little bit thick. if you can see it. And it's a little bit um I think it could have baked a little bit longer because I think it's not my favorite texture, but the ice box pie itself. Very nice. I really enjoy it. We also ended up getting the chocolate fudge cheesecake with a vanilla cheesecake and a chocolate fudge base. Going to bite it as well. I love that. Do you like it? >> I don't, but I'm not a big cheesecake person. >> Oh, well that's why you don't like it. I love cheesecake. I think this is actually pretty decent. The cheesecake is nice and creamy. Really melts in your mouth. The brownie on the bottom is not as fudgy as I would like. It's a little bit dry, but I think mixed together in a good bite, it's it's not too off-putting. So, I think very nice, very good end to the day. Both of us, frankly, would like to go get soft serve as well. We'll see if we land there tonight. This is a good start, I think, to rotational dining. >> Good morning. Day two of our eating. >> Good morning, Paul. >> Oh, we both opted up. That was weird. >> We started uh a little bit of our day. If you've watched Quincsey's video with just a quick run through at Cabanas, I fruit. Quincy also add some fruit. >> We also got two hash browns each and one piece of meat. >> Yes, we did. >> She got bacon. I got sausage. >> And they were salty. >> The hash browns are so good though. >> We're big hash brown fans. They're so good. They got a little onion in them. >> I'm not a hash brown fan, but I love these. >> Sorry, I meant here. I'm a huge hash brown fan and I actually eat them >> in life at least twice a week. And that's not a joke. Wow. Saturdays and Sundays. It's like my treat. I love hash brown days. >> Hash brown weekends. What we are going to try is here at Cove, you can get the free pastries. These are not an upcharge like our coffees. Also, we did again get the salted caramel coconut latte. So good. The same man made it today. His name is Christopher and we're obsessed with it. >> We will be seeing Christopher. >> We're going to be seeing Christopher a lot. And you talked one of our favorite things about a cruise is like making relationships with the on board, which is very easy cuz they rule. >> They're awesome. of course cuz they're cast members, but then you're they're seeing the same people so frequently that they start to recognize you. He knew our orders when we came in. >> We've come one time before this. So Emma walked in and ordered and then he said with regular milk and then I walked up and I said same thing and he said decaf with almond milk and he's right >> and we told him we woke up this morning and we were like we have to go see Chris like the first thing we said >> and he said it feels like Christmas when you say that. >> I love Santa. I love him so much. He also we started out by ordering two pastries. Then Quincy decided she wanted one. And then as he was filling our plate, he goes, "I'm gonna put it all on the same plate. You're obviously family and I want you to have this." So we added a fourth thing on our plate. So >> which cruising we're cruising? >> Yeah. Okay. So I'm going to start with the caramel or the cranberry bar. We think it's like the Starbucks one. That's >> it looks a lot like the very popular cranberry bliss bar from Starbucks at Christmas. Does it taste like it? Do you know what it tastes like? >> I don't. But that's really good. >> I do. I'm It's really good. >> I don't love cranberry or the cranberry bliss bar, but I can tell you if it tastes like it. I think it's more moist. >> It's more bar than icing. It's really good. >> Okay. Big fan of that. >> Starbuckses has a lot more like >> It's crumblier >> of the icing and it's crumblier. You're right. It's not as like I'm just told her I've never had it. Like describing it in detail. Chocolate chip muffin. >> Is it good? >> Mhm. >> I got this chocolate orange muffin. I don't taste a lot of orange. That's kind of like the aftertaste of orange. >> Kind of similar to when you get like orange chocolates at Christmas. >> Less than like there's no like orange zest flavor. Yeah. >> I also think that the icing is pretty heavy for like a morning pastry. This is very desserty. But the cake is so good and moist. Kind of like a banana bread, like a chocolate orange if it were. >> I think we actually need to before this is over test other pastries because I'm like, are these good cuz they're in Cove or are they all good? I normally don't get >> and we don't get them. That's a great question actually. >> Find that out. >> All right, we're going to do some investigative. >> We're going to need to look into the pastry quality in the rest of the ship >> because these are really good. Actually, >> it could just be Cove. It could be that we have been slacking on one of the best parts of the ship. >> Yeah, we're going to probably be eating some fun Pixar treats today, too. So, >> yeah, it's Pixar day at sea. >> Pixar at sea. >> So, we have Pixar things to to chow down on. >> Yeah, stick around. You already have to. Don't click out. I'm going to know. Welcome to the eating video. Lunchtime. I grabbed something from Tomato's Grill. This is a Pixar Day at Sea Special, but it's just a hamburger with mac and cheese on it. So, you can make this if you want. Quincy got a hot dog and then put a bunch of Mexican toppings on it and also mustard and ketchup and it's a foot long. I don't want to talk about it. I panicked. She did panic. It's called the Slinky Dog and I was like that would probably be good with pineapple salsa but I put that on and then I was like I already had mustard on this so I don't know how it's going to taste but it's not their fault. It's mine. And when it's your heart on the line really messed it up this time. >> I took my dear deny. trying to distract from her crazy hot dog. This is actually pretty good. They're char grilled burgers. They're really, I think, pretty tasty. They're well cooked, so you're not going to worry about any pink in the middle. I also genuinely like the mac and cheese. I think it's more of a kiddo friendly mac and cheese. It's nice. It's creamy. But if they are craft brand specific, it's not really going to be what they're looking for. But I think it's tasty. It's poolside food. And I think it fits that bill. >> This is delicious. It's >> really good. I'm putting pineapples on my hot dogs from now on. >> Even with mustard. >> Even actually extra with the mustard. Maybe that's all I take. But I'm doing there's like a sweet and tangy situation happening was really working for me. And honestly, hot dog itself. I was expecting bad. It is a medium. >> Yeah. >> Surprise. Burger or two? >> Burger. I actually would say lean's good. >> Oh, >> I like a char grilled thin burger. Like I think this tastes like a burger you'd make in your backyard. >> This hot dog has grill marks on it. They are actually for real putting these on a grill at least for a second and it tastes like that. It's got a nice snap. The bun's dry. I think that's my biggest complaint. But honestly, I love being able to walk up and just ask for whatever I want and not hand anybody any money. >> So, I'm just not going to I'm happy with it. >> The bun's also not dry. You have a bunch of mac and cheese on it >> or mustard and pineapple and and black beans. >> Yeah. You are going to eat here at least once on your Disney cruise. Whether it's at Lowe's or a different theming like over on the newer class, it's Mickey's Festival of Foods, something along those lines. It's all the same within, you know, a little bit. It's all the same types of food offerings. I very commonly find myself running up here for a plate of chicken tenders and some fries just to have in the room to snack on while I'm chilling. Even though you can get that with room service, but it's faster if I go there. >> It's faster. We are slamming this because we have something very exciting coming up that you can watch in her video. >> We're meeting Rex. >> Okay. I was trying to tease it, but like yeah, we're meeting. It's exciting. It's day two dinner. We're at Animator's Palette. It's Pixar themed dinner tonight. And also, it's very pink lighting that's also somehow very blue lighting night. >> And it's Pixar. >> And it's Pixar. And the menu is all Pixar menu. So even though we're at the same restaurant again, it is not the same food that we had last night. Specifically, the bread has changed. Well, everything's changed, but specifically I'm about to eat the bread. There's green onion uh green onion bread with an onion spread that I am trying out. It's so good. The onion spread reminds me of French onion dip, but a little fancier and more like an ioli or a butter spread. The bread itself also has just a touch of the green onion flavor. Big win situation happening here with the bread in my opinion. Definitely better than last night. All right, for my appetizer, I went with the shrimp mac and cheese with kavatapi, griier, and white cheddar. In my opinion, Kavatapakei is the correct noodle for a mac and cheese dish. Even better than macaroni. There's just it's like macaroni but more. There's more places for the cheese to get tucked in. There are usually big juicy noodles. These ones are really well-cooked al dente. The perfect amount of breadcrumbs for a little crunch. The shrimp is piping hot. And excitingly, I can definitely taste the grier in there, so it feels like a little more upscale grown-up mac and cheese. Certainly on the heavy side. Our server warmed us. And I got a really big entree, too. But you know what? Can I really make a mistake on a cruise when I have a stomach ache for the next three hours? Remind me of this moment. For my appetizer, I ended up grabbing the Korean barbecue beef steamed bow. And it comes with a pickled cucumber and gou jang koisen sauce. I tore into it. Smells very nice and sweet. I know that this sauce is normally pretty warm. We'll see if it's hot or just dizzy spicy. The sauce is really nice. I am getting no spice at all. I'm just getting pure flavor. There's a little bit in the very back of my throat. No spicy. This is almost a sweet Korean barbecue. This might sound crazy. It reminds me of a sloppy joe, which is not a bad thing, but definitely not what I anticipated when I ordered the bow. It's good. It's definitely on the sweet side. Um, the bow itself is not as fluffy as normal. It's a little bit more dense, but I think it's pretty good. Not half bad. And there's one single cucumber. And I will try it now. Oh, no. There's two cucumbers. They're just very thin and stacked together. I love pickled cucumber. I really wanted this to be a little bit more exciting. It honestly is on the sweeter side, which I appreciate, but it tastes kind of like it was in warm water. So, not my favorite. Definitely the mac and cheese was the winner of these two options. For my entree, I have the carved slow roasted beef tenderloin. It comes with a don honey roasted parsnip mash, buttered green beans, and a Cabernet thyme zu. And it was cooked to my preference, which I was very surprised by because I just always assume that they just kind of cook everything on mass at the regular rotational restaurants. And I'm sure they still are cooking temperatures on mass, but I got to pick my temperature. So, this is a beautiful tenderloin. It is so well cooked, seasoned on the outside. It doesn't have like a really amazing crust on it like you might find at a steakhouse, but I wasn't expecting that. We also wasn't expecting it to be so good, flavorful, juicy, and perfectly cooked to my temperature. I would even say there's a chance it's actually a little bit cooler than I asked for. I always order on the like cooked side when I'm at like restaurants that aren't steakous. And sure enough, this is delicious. Beautiful green beans. Let's try that parsnip mash. Really great flavor on the parsnip mash. It tastes like a slightly more earthy mashed potato. Woo! This is good. This is one of the best rotational meals I've ever had on a Disney cruise line. We were told by cast members there that this is the best meal on the ship. And I totally see why they said that. Emma, how's your past? I don't want to piggyback, but I also think this might be one of the best meals I've had at a rotational dining as well. I grabbed the most linguini pasta. It's sweet garlic shrimp, basil pesto, caramelized um yellow and red grape tomatoes and parmesan reaniano. This I'm going to take one more bite just to just cuz I can cuz I want the excuse to take another bite. This is delicious. Delicious pasta in my opinion is well cooked. I think it's just slightly over al dente which is honestly my preference. I know a lot of people would say that's overcooked. I love it. The pesto is so fresh. You really get that basil flavor coming through. And this is swimming in garlic, which is just my personal preference. The shrimp is slightly overcooked, but that is also my preference on a cruise ship because I'd rather it be a little overcooked than a little undercooked. But it's honestly not chewy or rubbery, which I love. It is so flavorful. It's so herbaceious. The tomatoes add a really nice freshness to it. They just like explode in your mouth. This is really, really good. And I'm pleasantly surprised because honestly, I was not excited about this dish, but I figured it's from Luca. Very cute and they did recommend it. The girls at Vibe hit the nail on the head. This is delicious. >> Go away squirrels. You are not allowed on this big house floating on water. >> Well, Doug's upset at the squirrels, but I am not upset at this pot of creme. >> It's a hazelnut pot of creme. It is Colette from Remy. It's named after her. Has a raspberry sauce in the bottom as well as a couple little chocolate curls. It's very um it's kind of like a pudding but with more air to it. Like a fancier pudding. It's very good. It's like it's also might maybe like a little bit more of a structure than like a Kool-aid. I mean it's pot. I'm just describing if you've never had pod crumb. Okay. For my dessert I ended up grabbing the playful Pixar ball which is the signature dessert for Pixar night. And it is baked vanilla cheesecake with a blueberry filling and a lemon almond cake. Cheers everyone. Cheers. There's a lot happening and I think I like it. I also think this is one that could almost be two separate desserts in a positive way. Um, the cheesecake is so light and airy. I don't even think I got the flavor. Light, airy, creamy. The lemon cake on the bottom is really nice and moist and definitely has a tartness to it. It's light though, which I appreciate. I don't want it to be overwhelming. Um, I also think the cookie crust on the outside is more of a holding vessel than a flavor, which is my preference. I don't want to really taste it. I just wanted to keep everything together. I think this is really excellent. I wish there was a little bit more of the blueberry just to add a little bit more of the the tie the flavors together, if you will. I also really love it. And that's not that's just nitpicking if I'm being honest. >> Sure, you saw us at dinner. And yeah, this is a full meal. But what you don't know, >> mind your business >> is this is not that long after. >> It's kind of long after kind of. >> We have dinner. We have early dinner. >> We do have early dinner. And it is 5:45. We We sat down at 5:30. >> Yeah, we sat down at 5:30. It is now midnight and >> which is a reasonable time to eat. >> Totally. And we decided we are going to eat cuz we can. So, I ended up getting chicken tenders, fries, myriad of sauce. >> And I got the plant-based chicken sandwich with a plant-based garlic ioli as well. >> And this is included and free. >> And those are sweet potato fries. >> And that's the beauty of this. >> And we're watching Muppets's Most Wanted, >> which Quincy's never seen. What do you think so far? I'm loving it. >> It's really muppety. >> The correct answer was waka waka. >> Waka waka. This is really tasty. And honestly, I think I told that in a very late night kind of way where it's hot food with good flavors all mixing together, but maybe not the best quality. The chicken patty, I was hoping for a morning star style veg chicken patty. It kind of is like that, honestly. And the garlic, which is a touch garlickier. Sweet potato fries are fine. Honestly, this came to my room for free, so I'm really not in the mood. >> It's midnight and someone brought this to my room for free. >> Hi everybody. Welcome back to eating and drinking around the Disney Cruise Line Fantasy Lookout Key in Castaway Key. That's the name of the video, right? Yes. Good. Okay, we are actually here. This is our first thing that we are enjoying on Lookout Key and we have stopped at one of ours. Now, luckily for us and kind of for you, if you're relaxing, they all have the same options. There's really about five cops. You got cows, two zero proof, one non-alcoholic, and then it's a full bar and you can just get what you want. I got the Aluther Euphoria, which comes with Gossling, spirited seeds rum, pineapple smoothie, and dolip pineapple. I can't drink rum, so I asked them to swap it for white wife. I asked them to swap it as to swap it for vodka and they were able to. They just swapped it with Smeirnoff. So, I'm having a nice vodka doip drink. And I just got one of the regular cocktails. It's the Junganoo juice. It has rum, banana, passion, orange, and guava, pineapple, and lime. And the reason I got it is because the passion, orange, and guava is Pog juice, which is very famous in Disney World. So, I wanted to try that out. Mine is so delicious. Mine is a beach drink. The rum is the biggest flavor. It really comes through the front, but it's nice. It's sweet. It's super sippable. I really, really love this. I wish there was more of a pod flavor since that is the reason I ordered it, but when you get rum, it's going to be rum. Mine is definitely tastes like pineapple and Dole Whip just blended nicely with some ice. It's not as smooth as Dole Whip. It's more like a frozen drink texture, but that's what I'm looking for. Um, and obviously the vodka blends in just fine. I'm sure the rum would as well. We are here lunchtime. True true to barbecue. This is going to be the majority of the offerings that you find all over Lookout Key. They're all very similar. There's a few differences, but really you're going to find barbecue, burgers, and a fish option or two. Quincy, tell them what you've already eaten. She is shoveling. She and my husband both eat so fast and I eat so slow that I want them to not choke. I'm eating the cucumber and tomato salad. So, the selection of sides, there's two main categories. There's like a hot sides and a cold sides. The cold sides are a tomato and for salad. Really good. Really basic. Tastes like backyard barbecue food, which is kind of what I want when I'm on the beach. There's a black bean and pineapple salad. Again, love it. Texas style potato salad. Shockingly good. And sloth as well. That's the only one I didn't get. Hot sides, they've got roasted corn, broccoli, mac and cheese, things like that. And then for my main, the real difference is when you're it's when you're going to come to mains. The hot sides and the cold sides are kind of all over the bars and they're all the same. The mains are where you're going to have to go to the different counters. For my main, I went to the counter that was like rice focused. So, I got their seafood creole jumbolaya and I also got a Bahamian pigeon and rice dish, which I thought was fitting because that counter also had the two most unique sides up there, which was fried okra, which I love. >> Fried okra and plantains. >> Yeah. >> So far, everything has great flavor while also being really approachable, I feel like. >> Also, if you remember from our first business lookout, the food locations were swarmed by flies. They have figured that out. I haven't seen a fly today. No, not one. That's huge. For my main, I got the grilled snapper and the and some of the uh barbecue ribs. The ribs so good. I definitely think the barbecue is the best option of everything they have. It's nice and sweet. It's very familiar while being still tasty and exciting. The grilled snapper is a lighter option. It has grilled vegetables on top, which I really love. Pretty tasty. Big fan. I also saw eight families with this cookie, and then some of them had multiple, so I decided I had to have it. That is a good cookie. I see why they had so many. We're leaving with them. >> Yeah, this moist. Look how many chocolate chips are in that. So hearty. This is delicious. Wow. I'm like really impressed with this. >> I also am a major castaway key food hater. >> Yeah. So, the fact that they made such big improvements for this island, I'm very happy about. >> It's a little easier for them because I think they're able to staff this island when there's a ship. >> Yeah. >> Because with Castaway Key, the only staff you see on the island is the staff. >> Yeah. has the only people there. But here we are on a full Bohemian island. We're on a Luthera. People can commute for a Luthera from the rest of Ala just to come here and work. So I think it's a little easier for them to staff a little bit more interesting options just in general. I got banana soft serve which they have. They have chocolate and vanilla and they also have strawberry and banana. And it's at the different machines you have to walk around and peruse. But sometimes on the ship also at ice cream you'll see banana soft serve. We love banana. It's so good. It tastes like banana pudding. Banana. Banana. Banana. Hello. Bonjour and bafu. Welcome to the gardens at the palace. Welcome. We are at Enchanted Garden. This is the second of the rotational dining options that we're going to be checking out. >> Cabaret, >> little cabaret for you. Um for no particular reason actually, but Enchanted Garden, the reason I said bonjour is because it is inspired by the gardens at the Palace of Versailles in Fuisa, which we learned tonight. specifically we >> we bonjour. I need everyone to know that I'm going to Paris so many times and I speak no French and it's just getting worse. I'm just making things up at this point. >> The French word for France is France. >> No, it's France. We We're really tired also. You guys are really tired, but we are locking back in. Quincy's going to tell you all about the bread and then we're going to jump into the appetizers. Okay, so the bread here is very interesting. It is multigrain and country currant rolls and the spread that comes with it is a chickpea garlic puree. Now, here's the thing. The currant rolls and the chickpea garlic puree are a horrific combination. Really does not go well. >> Both of us took a bite and at the same time made a like look to each other. >> I my mouth was full and I was like gesturing wildly and Emma was like horrible combo and I was like that's what I'm saying. The butter was great on the cur rolls. The multigrain go better with the chickpea. All right. Overall, it's a fine bread service. I wish the rolls were warm. As you can see, also our our many appetizers are here. Um, and we got the lobster ravioli. This is the mushroom tart that I got. And then Emma also got the ai tuna tower >> cuz I like it. >> And my soup is coming soon. My mushroom tart looks really different on the inside than I expected. It was called like a kiche like appetizer on the menu. So, I was curious. Looks quite good. Something I've learned this trip, if your server suggests it, it's probably going to be surprisingly good for a rotational dining. I've been selecting everything the server's been suggesting because rotational dining in general, I usually find that it's good, not great. I wouldn't say that's necessarily untrue about this. I still don't think it's like fantastic, but it's better than I expected. I'm pleasantly surprised. It's mushroomy, but the mushroom is not the prominent flavor. The prominent flavor is kind of the kichi eggy sort of cheesy situation. Um, and I love the like cheesy, I think, celery sauce that goes alongside of it. And it's beautiful. So, I'm a fan of this one. One of the things I grabbed was the AI tuna and avocado tower with crispy noodles and a wasabi dressing. And then I also got the North Atlantic lobster ravioli with roast garlic and sweet basil in a tomato broth. So, we shall eat that together. Quincy was not the biggest fan of the ravioli, just for your knowledge. I really like it for a rotational dining option. It's good. I think the ravioli is cooked well. It's stuffed with a good amount of cheese. I don't think it's as lobstery. I think maybe you got a super lobstery bite, but they have nice big hunks on top, which I do appreciate. The garlic is really the best part. I love any kind of cooked garlic that I can eat. Roasted garlic. The basil adds a nice freshness to it. I wish it was warm. It's really more of um because of the tomato broth. I don't know. Little cold. Not my favorite. This was the dish our waiter recommended, the AI tuna. This is tasty. It's light. It's not overly fishy. I wouldn't say there's a ton of flavor. I think the wasabi dressing and soy sauce on the side really helps with that. But if you want something light, this is going to be a good option. I like it. All right. I've also got the asparagus soup, which has a bit of crab in it. I've had this before. It's why I got it. I love asparagus. It's maybe my favorite vegetable. And big big claims at a China garden. So, >> but I think the soup is so unique and delicious and warm. And it tastes kind of like it tastes kind of like you would eat it if you were like a king in like in like the 1700s. Like it like tastes like an old kind of meal. You know what I Like if you were at the palace of >> like if I was at the palace of Versa, I might eat this asparagus soup. I also just love to add a cup of soup because I feel like I don't often get to get soup at restaurants. And you can just get soup here in addition to your appetizer for five. For my actual entree, I got the caramelized beef scallops with roasted asparagus, sundried tomatoes, couscous, caramelized leaks, and a red wine ve. I'm very excited about this. There are five pes scallops. And then in the center is the couscous. I love couscous. Also, it's pearl couscous. which I'm quite excited about. I'll try that first. The flavor is actually surprisingly really nice on this. It has that nice acidic tomatoy flavor, sundried tomato, I should say. It's really herbaceious. It is a little bit dry, but there's enough jew hopefully around the If I mix it all in, it'll it'll liven it up a bit. As for the scallop, it's nice and meaty. I wish there was a little bit more salt. This is the prime rib. And it comes with the sweet potatoes and thyme roasted vegetables. When it's cooked to order, I got medium. It looks beautiful. I've eaten some of it. I'll be honest. It is beautiful. And uh they do bring horseradish around. I was really scared when they first brought the meat out because he put my tray down and it says on the menu that it comes with horseradish and there's no horseradish on my plate. And I literally was staring at it and I was thinking, "Now, where is the horseradish?" And then he said, "Would you like horseradish?" And I said, "Yes." And he so all was fine in the end. Really well done prime rib. I feel like prime rib is one of those things that's just reliable um in most restaurants. And I think that that's very true on Disney Cruise Line. It's just a reliable option. Nice and meaty. The veggies are well cooked and seasoned with a lot of time. And the choice sweet potato is soft and hearty. Definitely an extremely filling classic plate, which is great after a big day in the sun. Little update from us. We are so full. It is ridiculous. Neither of us could finish our entre that I was so excited about. I am now enjoying the sticky date pudding that also has vanilla ice cream. We were going to split it and then our waiter was like, "No, you're not. I'm actually going to put in an almond cake." And you know what? Okay. >> It's delicious. He was right. We trust him more. >> Talk about the almond cake. >> It is so good. This is an almond orange cake. It is so dense and moist. It is like a really thick almost angel food cake texture. And it is stocked with orange and almond. It's clear they've used extracts, so it's just going all through my nose and everything when I bite into it. It's loaded with raspberry kis as many desserts on the ship are. And then it's got this like little limey curd kind of situation on the side. Uh, also very good and all very balanced. I You know what? I'll give it to him. He's right. >> He is always right. How's the sticky date? >> He was right about the sticky date as well. It's really good. I will say this is dense, but it is so moist. And then there's a nice thick layer on the bottom that gives it a really nice interesting texture that's not crunchy, but it's also not chewy. It's just like dense and carries it all together. It's also very familiar flavors. Um, but this one's definitely the indulgent of the two, but surprisingly good. And I would honestly say maybe the best thing I've eaten at this meal. I'd say that, you know, because it was all very good, but like cruise food good. This I'm genuinely enjoying. If it was hotter, it'd be a knockout. Day three of eating with something very exciting and special to this cruise. >> Yeah. >> Can you hear that? >> Friend. Copyright. You got a friend. >> Okay, friends. You might be thinking, "Ladies, is this your third time at the Animator's Pallet?" >> You'd be right. >> It is the third time at the Animator's Palette, but we are here for something very exciting and something that neither of us have ever done, and it is Hey, howdy breakfast with Woody and his friends. This is specific to the Pixar Day at Sea sailing, and this is a breakfast that you do have to book in advance. It was absolutely booked for the first day. Luckily for this sailing, they actually had it for multiple mornings. Shout out to Disney for getting us our reservation, so we did not have to worry too much about it. So, thank you for that. Um, but we are going to be testing this out. They've got a lot of exciting options. For some reason, Prospector Pete is here and we're going to be testing it, putting it to the test. Quincy is in deep thought. I feel confident in what I want to get. There's actually two things I want. You can get them. I can get them, but I'm like, is that silly? cuz it's going to be a bite of each a little. But you know what? We can just share one of them. >> Our vacation. Our vacation. >> The two of us and you guys. All right. To start, the servers brought around a platter and you could select pastries. I just got this little pecan tart thing. It's good. It's standard to the other pastries on the ship, but what I've learned this cruise is those are surprisingly good. Flaky and buttery. And then in the middle it has like a pecan um what is that called? Like a pecan filling. It's similar to Fran Japan. It's like a nut, cold nut sweet situation, but pecans. It's got filling like pecan pie filling and the little crunchy pecans on top. Honestly, surprisingly good. I will be eating more pastries on the ships from now on. Emma's, she will not stop talking about this. >> Look at him. I like him so much. I love him so much. >> I ended up grabbing one of the things I grabbed was the biscuit express. It's sausage, biscuits, and gravies with bacon, a seared grilled tomato, and a hash brown. I'm from the south. I biscuits and gravy is one of my favorite foods in the world. This is not normally how it's served as little sandwiches. So, I'm going to take it apart and eat it the way I like to eat it. I'm eager to see what the vibe is. I'm also partial to bacon gravy, but that's just opinion. Quincy's eating. It's actually not bad. It reminds me of a less runny version of the McDonald's biscuits and gravy, which does serve its place in this world. I wish it was a little bit more soupy is not the right word. I just wish there was more like sauce. It's It's really kind of dry, but the flavor is actually not bad. So, I'm I'm pleasantly surprised. It's not great. If you've had real biscuits and gravy, you'll be This is not what you're looking for, but I'm pleasantly surprised by what was offered. I started with my appetizer, a banana bread French toast, which you can get whatever you want on this menu, just like other meals. This is included in the cost of your cruise. It's just that you have to get a reservation for it, but it's not an upcharge at all. So, it's the same thing where you can kind of order however much you want. We got a kids meal. We got a little extra French toast. In general, the things aren't marked as entree. They're going to be pretty small portions. Um, but of course, you can get as many of them as you want if you wanted like a lot of banana bread French toast. I was nervous this was just going to be like banana French toast, but it is actually for real banana bread French toast. Um, the honestly, it's serving more banana bread than it is French toast. There's not a lot of the like kind of eggy crust on it. It kind of seems like it's just banana bread toasted in a pan with maybe some butter, which is delicious. The best part about it is the little caramelized banana that's on top of it. The bites that have a little bit of that are so tasty. Um, I'd absolutely recommend getting this though if you're a banana bread fan just because it is kind of like a little elevated banana bread moment. Um, not dry. It's nice and moist. Again, shocked by the quality of pastries on this ship and on all the ships. I guess I've just never been interested in them cuz they don't look that good. You want to talk about the other signature breakfast since you cracked into it? >> It was supposed to be Quinzies. >> We share everything though. We really do. We share every meal we've ever had. I think pretty much every time we go out to eat cuz why not? I want to try everything. And luckily, Quincy agrees. So, I just started working on hers. We also grabbed the Roundup Gang hash. It has a choice of eggs on top. Now, it does say two fried eggs. They gave us soft scrambled on top. I don't know. Did you request that? >> No. That was great. >> Do you guys like it? >> Did you try it? Your face just went really loud. I'm just glad it didn't crack the camera. There's soft cooked eggs on on top of potatoes, chorizo, cilantro, garing onions, and then all with melted pepper jack cheese. The potato actually really like this. The potatoes are well cooked. They're super well seasoned. They're nice and soft, but there's actual seasoning on this that's not just salt. The chorizo is surprised. It actually has a kick in it. I think a little slightly above Disney spicy. Still very mild, very tasty and flavorful. But when Disney says something is spicy, sometimes it's it's just not. But I'm actually getting a little bit of heat on the side of my throat, which I approve of. The eggs are better than I thought they would be. I thought they would be like buffet plasticky. Um, but I think the pepperjack in them makes them a little bit lighter and fluffier and creamier. I would ask for hot sauce with this personally because I did get success. >> I want a little more heat than it has. But the chorizo is delicious. >> The chorizo is really good. I think this is a really nice party heavy meal. Best thing on the table. I think >> I agree. Best thing on the table. The kids breakfast is the Bullseye pancake tower. And I got this one because it's basically PB&amp;J pancakes. There's peanut butter, banana between the two pancakes, and a little sandwich. And then it also comes with chocolate sauce, a strawberry jam, and then whipped cream. The pancakes themselves are pretty tasty. They're pretty basic. Um, but obviously when you load them up with syrup and the toppings, it's very fun. Emma's making a very happy face. It's This is kind of like a you can't go wrong breakfast. What kid doesn't love a pancake loaded with different toppings? Um, and you can, except for the peanut butter banana, which are already on it, you can mix and match the toppings as you're loading it up, which is great. This one's very customizable. I think it's very picky eater friendly, and it's fun and feels special for kids. So, I really like this. Okay, overall thoughts as we're wrapping up. Hey, howdy. Hey, I keep having to look at a sign cuz that's a crazy name. Hey, howdy. Hey, breakfast. I am obsessed with this a little bit. Quincy is also a little bit obsessed with this. The chorizo is surprisingly good. I'm really enjoying the kids pancakes of all things. And considering this is not an additional fee, we would say this is is great. We're obsessed with this. And if you have kids, we would actually argue this is a must if you can grab one of the advanced reservations. It is nice that they do it on multiple days so that way it won't book up as quickly. And honestly, even if you don't have kids or you're not obsessed with Toy Story, I think this is fun. It's a good reason to get out of bed, kind of push yourself to do something different. I also love laying in bed, so it's up to you. But we are very pleasantly surprised with this. It is not necessarily going to be a breakfast that I would say if it was a cost I would pay for, but lots of fun and we're really really enjoying it. >> We have disappeared for a while in the food world. >> Yes. >> We went and had lunch and we did it really fast because we had something to get to. So, we're going to talk about it now. We went back upstairs to Flo's Cafe and we both ate at Ramos, which is the newest update as far as all the pool dining. >> We also both ate at Luigi's. We also did all we did. I forgot. We also ate at Luigi's. >> We both got the Ramon's the newest edition and it basically is Mexican tacos. You know, >> build your own. >> Build your own situation. >> Chipotle. >> Yeah. I thought it was fine. I just love it. It was It's shipped Chipotle. >> Yeah, it was good. It's like not as good Chipotle. Yeah. But I like that it's very customizable. >> I do too. You can do whatever you want. They have some great options as well as like there's good guacamole actually is pretty good. The beef was well well seasoned. just not my personal preference, but it has had a line that was insane since we got on this boat and no one was there, so I decided to try it. >> It actually usually is something usually the Ramon's or the like Mexican is often my choice just because it feels a little different from eating chicken tenders for every meal, which I be inclined to do otherwise. Then we both wanted to try the pushcuto pizza cuz it looked amazing and it had arugula and balsamic and it was amazing. >> And it was amazing and honestly maybe the best cold food I've had. Yeah, it was so good. I also think we got a little lucky because it was very fresh. >> Yes, the pizza on the full deck is very good. Very good. It's like a super doughy crust that still has a nice crusty crunch on it. And then they also do like usually obviously the classics. Yes. They'll do like pepperoni and cheese and they usually do plant-based like sausage or something and then they usually do something something else. >> It's in pursudo this trip. I haven't seen anything other than they do have a four cheese which is their typical cheese. I thought that was more exciting than just a regular cheese. >> Surprisingly good. >> The pushcido and balsamic and I will be getting that. >> I'm going to get it again. It was delicious. Um, and now the reason I say bonjouro is because we have made it the thing. Okay. The thing we were rushing to ended up getting cancelled. We're pretty bummed about it. Um, but it's understandable. It was a martini tasting. Completely understandable. It was out of everyone's control. We could have reschedled it for tomorrow and it's just not going to work out on our so instead we came to La Piaza and I got a lemon chil spritz because I've never had one and Quincy got I got a dirty martini because I can't ever drink any of the specialty cocktails on a menu. No, she cannot sweet light citric very olive briney martini which is how I like it. Um it's well made with my choice of vodka and it's really big. It is quite large like the size of my >> Look how pretty that is. Like that's a graphic on a t-shirt. That's nice. What I'm so obsessed with and think is so fun is La Piaza is part of the Europa District which has O La Skyland Lounge, the Tube, and Ogill's Pub, which is kind of like drinking around Europe. Drinking around the world, all within so many less steps in the World Showcase. >> Very few steps. >> Very few steps. And you know what? >> You can also go to the Spain bathrooms. >> You can go to the Spain bathrooms. And you know, now that our martini class is canceled, maybe we should drink around Europa. >> Maybe we'll drink around Europa. That's what we do for the next hour. Like we have 1 hour through a martini taste and we drink around Europa. >> And that's basically the same. >> Sounds good to me. We also have to get piratey at some point. >> We have to get Oh my gosh. We have to get piratey. Oh, arg everybody. It's pirate night. And I don't look like a pirate. And Quincy really looks like a pirate. Show it off. >> I put this little X on my face. >> Put the X on her face. It's pirate night. We're going all out. We've got some wine and we are here back at Enchanted Garden. Yes, we're eating at the same restaurant again, but this time it is for the pirate night menu. So, >> that's not our choice. >> That's not our choice. It's just where they're putting us. And it's also a different menu. It's not like we're eating at the same restaurant multiple times. >> The same >> same restaurant, same atmosphere, different menu vibe. Mike me. Now, when we got here, our bread and stuff was already on the table. So, I know it's cornbread, but what is the dipping sauce? It is a mango dipping sauce with cornbread. So, eager to see how this holds up. Quincy, if if you meant Thank you. The cornbread's quite moist to the touch. It's so much garlic and mango. >> Quincy's also having a bad time. I'm going to try I was going to say I'm going to try the bread on it. The cornbread's fine. >> Okay, we've made it to the appetizer round. I ended up getting the fried crab cake with a Cajun Remalad on the side. We're good. We're good remalad lovers, so we'll see if this is any good. The Remlad does lean more mayo, which is not the end of the world, but it's just not necessarily >> I love mayonnaise. A mayo heavy hand on it. The crab cake is actually pretty good for a rotational dining crab cake. It's nice and meaty, but it's not too much. It has a great bread uh crust on the outside. It's nice and flavorful. And the Remla does add a tiny tiny tiny bit of spice in the sense of flavor, not necessarily heat. So, I like it. I'm actually really pleasantly surprised by this. When she I'm eating beetroot carpacio. It also has some asparagus, some radish, and I think some squash. I'm gonna be honest, this tastes like really good vegetables, and I desperately want that on day three of this cruise. It's good, right? It's just like super thin cut beets. There's girkins. I love a girkin. >> Good enough that I want to ask for a second plate of that. >> I love it's so tiny. Positive. >> The beets are so tasty. This just feels like the kind of like fresh garden appetite that I'm deeply craving after 3 days of cruise food at this point. 3 days we've been on here. >> 8 years. This is day four. >> This is day eight. >> I don't know. I've got the Captain Jack's buried treasure. Basically, a pretty simple tomato sauce seafood pasta. It's linguini cooked al dente. There's spinach, which I like to add a nice bitterness, and tomatoes for some right acidity. Wish there was a little bit more of both. When he set it down, shell and needed preparing, I was like, "Oh, no." But then he said, "Let me shell your shrimp." And then he shelled all my shrimp at the table and put them back in my dish. So, I got the cool presentation and didn't have to shell my own shrimp. It was great. The shrimp is well cooked. I don't have any complaints about it. It's just not, you know, the most exciting thing in the world because it's kind of just shrimp. They're very big and meaty though. And then I think the real standard here is the scallops. They are like perfectly cooked, super buttery, super smooth. They've got good flavor, a nice caramelization on the outside, and they're not grainy at all, which means they've been well cleaned. I think these are on par with scallops you would find at a nicer restaurant. I ended up grabbing the lamb shank, which is a I wish it was Henry. I wish Henry Cavl was here. It is a rosemary lamb shake slowly braised in red wine that is served with a buttered green be I cannot get my words out that it's served with buttered green beans and a parsnip mash. Now the green beans I've already had a bite of. Genuinely buttered actually very tasty. A lot of times when they say buttered I find it to be just steamed and not really flavorful. They actually they did good with that. The lamb shank is actually pretty good. I do get the rosemary flavor, which I appreciate because you don't always get the flavors that they're saying you're gonna grab. Um, it reminds me texturally of almost like a pot roast. So, a little hardy, but kind of pulls apart really easily. I wish there was more of the red wine sauce. That is the standout here to me. It's so good. And every bite I'm trying to get a little bit so that way I can have it throughout the entirety of the dish. But very tasty. I also love anytime Disney does a parsnip mash. I don't know. I guess I just really pulling a Rapunzel. love a parsnip, but I think they're always so good and so tasty and weirdly a reliable item. So, if I see something has a parsnip mash, I'm more likely to order it. Okay, we are moving on to the dessert portion of the evening. We both got something that was waiter recommended because of course we did. Before the meal ordering, we were like, we know what we're going to get. And then he came over and said different things. And without even talking, both of us ordered different things. So, we're just trusting him with our life at this point. I got the bananas in paradise, which is layered banana bread with hazelnut fudge filling and it is served with a banana spice puree. Quincy got, drum roll, a caramel macadamia nut cheesecake tart with whipped cream and a caramel ganache. I can already tell you I had a bite of it and out loud with Quincy. So exciting stuff is going on. >> Oh my gosh. One thing I'm learning on the Disney Fantasy is even if the meal isn't knocking my socks off, the dessert probably is. That is excellent. It is such moist banana bread that when you cut into it, you can see the caramel literally coming out of it. The hazelnut fudge filling is just thick enough to be extra creamy and flavorful without overpowering the rest of the banana bread. It's so good. It's It's actually very good. Quincy, and yours is half gone. I could see this coming out of a much fancier restaurant than a cruise restaurant. Like if you're here and you like cheesecake, order too. I could see. Or caramel. Yeah, cuz I I' I'm medium on cheesecake. I don't love it. I don't hate it. If it's the focal point, it's probably not going to be my jam, which is why I wasn't going to get this until Gel recommended it. And so we had to get it. >> And so I got it. It is covered in melty, beautiful caramel. It looks like it came out of the pastry case at Kokuya, but better. Oh, so much better. Sorry to Epcot. This is better. The caramel is that quality, but then also it's got this delicious cold cheesecake you would never find in an Epcot case. >> No, but you should. >> It's beautiful and light and fluffy, and it feels so sweet and sticky, >> but it's not overpowering or hard to chew. >> And the pastry shell actually keeps it all together >> without compromising any of the quality of the dish from a texture or taste perspective. And there's a little cream and a little fresh berries and a little chocolate on the side. >> My goodness. Oh, where are you tonight? >> I don't have my mic. Okay, hold on. Hold on. La, where are you tonight? Oh la, I'm glad you asked. Hi La, the champagne bar here on the Disney Fantasy. That's where we're headed in between our activities. It's been a while since we talked at dinner. And so we are going to Some of us are very awake, so we are going to be grabbing a nice array of cocktails. We ordered something called the Ring of Bubbles for $24. And it's described as a taste of nuanced of individual champagne cocktails, which we assumed was a little version of all the different champagne cocktails they have. We still don't know because he so far has only brought out two mearons. And I will say when we ordered it, he goes, "Oh, two of those." And we said, "No, one." And now we're worried that he's we've ordered two macarons. We don't actually think that's what's going on, but that would be really funny if it was. I can hear him making a drink. And there's nobody else in here because the magician is on the stage. They're all watching Ace. They're all watching Kid Ace. In fact, managed to hoarder champagne. On the left, we have the Elder Bubble, which is absolute raspberry, St. Jermaine, elderflower, Malay, and Shandong. And then on the right is the pomegranate passion fruit and moan chandel. It is the pomegranate passion. And then here are the two chocolate mah I'm assuming chocolate and or coffee that we have yet to taste. I don't really love how she did that. Quincy, you have to you have to participate. Would you like the elder bubble or the pomegranate passion? >> Little cheer, ladies. >> Do you like it? >> This is lovely. Sweet, light, bubbly, refreshing. You know what's crazy is Quincy will tell me like, I can't eat that or I can't drink that until someone likes it and then suddenly it's okay for her body, which I actually deeply understand. >> It's never okay for my body. It's just now I know it's worth the pain. >> Now she has to do it. Twist my arm. Why don't you? She doesn't like it. What's not worth it? >> I can have one little sip of things. But why don't you like it? It's like not helpful. Your medical history is not what they're worried about on their Disney Fantasy Cruise. I find it a little bit bitter, which is surprising to me because um none of the Oh, it's the ras. It's the absolute raspberry. >> That's why she hates raspberry. I don't I actually like raspberries. Any raspberry flavors? Sorry, I don't know what she's doing. Um I thought I thought I was being interviewed. There's a aftertaste of bitterness from the absolute which is raspberry vodka and that I can definitely taste a little bit of the bitterness in the aftertaste. Um which I think is what surprised me. It kind of reminds me a bit of like you're resting your hand on it. She's talking. I'm a great interviewer. I was actually trained for news. I'm like a mad thing you interviewing somebody like important. No, keep going. my hands. >> No, please. Michelle, tell us about your time in the White House. >> I really like this. >> It's very nice. >> Yes. It's the main flavor is pomegranate and there's a little bit of the passion fruit, but not enough that adds passion fruit is really bitter. A lot of the time, it doesn't add any bitterness or high acid. It's kind of just this like nice tropical element. Honestly, it it's like a whisper of like the Pog a little. Even though there's none of the other parts of Pog, >> even though there's none of them, >> this is a very balanced, nice fruity cocktail. It's not overly sweet because it is still primarily champagne. Um, I I would really recommend this. >> I genuinely enjoy both of them. Um, and that's so funny. I am not getting the same bitterness that Quincy's getting. But I think I think Big win. I also love any of Disney's champagne bars or more themed piano bars tend to be my favorite for whatever reason, whether it's the theming or the options. Even on the newer class, I love their piano bars. Now, this one is directly under the kids club. And you do regularly hear a little bit of frolicking and stomping from above, but they're just having a good time up there. >> All right, welcome back. More eating. It's been a while since breakfast. We actually got to go do a really cool tasting um that we talk a little bit more about in Quincy's video if you want to go check out that full video, but it was really, really incredible. And now we are back to the full food of it all. This is the fancy ice cream on the Disney Fantasy and it is an upcharge. So, it's not included in your already paid price, but they have some really incredible gelato. They have sorbet. They do have hand scooped ice cream as well as delicious toppings. So many different kinds of cones. And of course, a signature sundae. We got the signature sundae because we're content creators. >> Only $4. >> A single scoop is $4. This was only 13. There is at least six or seven scoops of ice cream in this. We got five toppings, three kinds of ice cream and so much. So, Quincy, tell the people about it. The gelato is so good. It's so smooth and silky. I love how many flavors there are. The red velvet cake actually has huge chunks of cake in it, which is awesome. Cream is high quality. They really load you up with toppings and they layer them so that you're getting them throughout the Sunday. Overall, I think once a visit to Sweet on You is fully warranted. at free soft serve on deck is great, but it's fun to have a really exciting treat. And a single scoop being only $4 makes it a feel a lot better. I think you should get the sundae if you're sharing with your entire family and maybe three other families also as well. And if you really want to keep this Mickey these Mickey pants cuz it's really this also isn't expensive. So, it's really like this would be like $24 in Disney World. >> All right, now that we've had ice cream, it's finally time for lunch. Sure, that's a little backwards. Who cares? It's vacation. We came back to Flo's Cafe because this is really the easiest. What'd you get at Flo's? >> What? >> Put the pizza down. >> Shut up. >> Here you I have I have business to handle. >> I don't even like honey mustard. >> She doesn't like honey mustard. We're really gutted for the pushtoid pizza and they were out and they had just put some in the oven and they just put another thing out. So, it was just cheese. But she's false alarm. I got chicken tenders. You can get unlimited of these on the cruise and they're classic Disney chicken tenders. They're delicious and they have good honey mustard. I love it here. Okay. And for our last meal of the evening or of the evening of our trip, this is like the last meal of our trip, we are here six other meals. >> We've had six other meals. We also will technically have breakfast tomorrow, but this is the real last dinner of the trip. We are here at Paulo, which is one of the adults only dining options, and it is an upcharge on your, you know, on your trip. But we are big fans. Now, Paulo is one of the finer dining experience, one of the nicer experiences here. So, we didn't want to get our cameras out and be loud and disruptive. So, we didn't. And that's why we're talking about it now. Yeah. Then we passed out almost immediately. >> Actually, we packed. >> We packed and then passed out almost immediately. Um, let's talk pastas, steaks, and everything in between. They start you off with a moose bouch. >> Yeah. >> Which is so tasty and lovely. And it's >> a parmesan parigiano reaniano >> in what is like a mushroom sauce. Oh my goodness. >> I had not had mine yet and Quincy was like I better eat. It's not good. I better eat yours just in case. >> I just didn't want her to have to suffer. >> You don't have to eat that. I said, "No, I'm going to suffer." And I didn't because it was amazing. It was very nice. A great palette cleanser. Great way to start off the meal. >> I mean, all of their pastas are fresh. They even have a sh a pasta chandelier. >> Yeah. That's about pasta shapes. And then they fresh make all their pastas. Then Yoki included. It was like, as our server put it, a cloud. >> He called it a little cloud >> or a little marshmallow. >> A little bite of a marshmallow. >> And it was, I'm going to be honest, more marshmallowy than your typical marshmallow. >> I loved it. >> Good. >> Now, we both ended up going crazy and got pasta before our entre, which it came back and bit one of us. >> That was his fault. >> He encouraged it. our lovely lovely waiter Junior who we loved. He encouraged us to do it and so we said fine we'll do it. There's two ways you can do There's two ways you can come menu here. They have a prefix which is $55 a person and then they also deal. Yeah. They also have allocart and the allocart like honestly I would do because um instead of us getting four courses we got two well three courses. Uh two of which were entire mains. >> Yeah. >> For each of us and then our third course was was a dessert we split. >> Yes. So I got the papardella papardella. I can't pronounce it correctly, but you can see what it looked like here. Oh my gosh, this was amazing. I absolutely loved it. The pasta was so incredibly fresh and well prepared. The sauce was creamy and tomatoy and had a really nice acidity in it. And then there was just this massive piece of grilled lobster on top that was cooked to perfection. Had the tiniest bit of char. It was so good that I was like, I should really stop eating this. And then I couldn't. I couldn't stop eating it because I loved it so much. I also think it gave really traditional flavors. It didn't feel too out there, but it also was still exciting and very nice. It was definitely on the lobster I tried it. It was definitely on the lobstery seafoody side. Um, so it it that was big flavors even in the pasta. Um, and there was a salmon caviar on there which I think can be a thing for some people that is like a no-go. But it was >> it also wasn't enough that you could not just knock it off and True or ask to have without. I I got it in bites. You can ask anything for anything. >> Yeah. >> Have you did you know that guys? >> You can ask for anything. >> And your pasta? >> Um I got the agnoli. This is a delicious dish that I love to get because it is brown butter and sage focused. >> We love sage on this channel. >> We love sage. Um but the uh this is just an incredible pasta. It is literally one of those dishes that I think about regularly. I've had it before. Um, it's actually a little bit bigger of a portion and I think a little bit uh fancier on the Palo Steakous, which are on the newer ships, the Wishclass ships, but it was just as delicious, incredible flavors on here. The only thing I wanted was like a little bit more pine nuts crunch-wise. But just like beautiful butternut squash inside, the most delicious, sweet, hearty butternut squash inside these ravioli. For our entre, I ended up getting the sea scallops were so good. It had a risoto underneath with limema beans in it. The sea scallops were prepared so perfectly. They were there was no grittiness at all. They were cooked and meaty and so nice. The risoto was so creamy. I actually really liked the limema beans in it. I did not think I would, but it added a really nice green brightness to it. I had I had four bites of it before I literally was on the verge of tears tapping out like I can't eat anymore. So that's my commentary. Um I had uh one of their steaks. I got their 8 oz beef tenderloin. Got it cooked medium rare. It was beautifully cooked. Gorgeous. And I have not seen a steak that evenly cooked in so long. It didn't matter if it was the middle or the side. Somehow it was all exactly the same beautiful medium rare throughout. I don't even know how they did that. Wonderful crust on it. Um although not super seasoned. And they really just kind of let the steak shine. The reason I got this is because they have pink peppercorn sauce, which is a French steak sauce that is pretty hard to find that is shallot based and peppercorn based. Oh my gosh, it was the favorite thing. >> It's like I would drink this. I love it so much. You cannot find it easily. Um, it was delicious. It was so good. I did have a bite of it, so five bites. >> Yeah, they drowned my uh they drowned my steak in it and then the steak was perfectly cooked. Also, I did grab an extra side here cuz of course when you order a steak, it is just the steak. Um, and I grabbed the asparagus, which was delicious. It was buttery and it had breadcrumbs on it. And I kept just like putting like five on my fork like it was pasta and then putting them in my mouth all at once and I would have way too much asparagus to chew. But it was worth it cuz it was so tasty. Hands up. >> That's a crazy way to describe that, but you're right. >> I'd get anything on this table again, >> including the dessert. >> The dessert. We ended up grabbing the amordo sule. And you do have if you get one of those soulets, you have to let them know 30 minutes in advance if you want that sule from takes a good minute because it takes a hot minute to make it. And it was my one b I was so incredible. >> I ate the rest of it and it was incredible. >> Incredible. >> You probably have a little bit more ground to talk here. >> It was first of all, our server picked up the light on our table so we could get a good shot of it. I have never had service like that. >> Oh, good. Um, but he they pour over this beautiful vanilla sauce over the Amordo sule and then he scooped a little bit of the espresso gelato just into the center of the soule. Oh my gosh, it was a very well done sule. Soulets are very hard. >> Um, and this one was fluffy and light and it it collapsed perfectly when they like >> when you intentionally collapse it. Just melted together. Every element did. >> It was It's sule is kind of like bread pudding. if bread pudding was 8,000 times better in all the ways that bread pudding is good. And um it's got a little bit of eggginess to it, but in a positive way, like a French toasty kind of way. I don't know. I'm using like weird >> No, I like I like it. >> But this was sweet, but because we got the Amordo one, it was tempered by this like nice like balanced lourness from the Amordo and then the espresso gelato added a touch of bitterness under the sweetness. Made it so incredible. And it was warm and it was honestly I was fearing it because sometimes you'll get a sule and it'll be like this big but it was this beautiful perfect little ramkin that was actually really like a great portion size for one person or for one person and their very full friend. Um so I don't know Paulo's incredible. Paulo's absolutely incredible. very much worth the up charge if you are a foodie or someone who likes a nicer night experience. >> And with us getting even with two entre and splitting a dessert as well as getting wine, we were going to spend about $200 here. Um this is one of our hosted experiences by Disney this time. Uh though we do make a habit uh even we are not hosted. It would have been about $200 for us to eat there including a glass of wine, a shared dessert and two entre each. Yeah, two entre each >> and that's just crazy for a fancy restaurant like that, which it does feel fancy. You feel weighted on, it feels romantic. The restaurant's incredible. And even with all that, we got another little extra amuse, another extra gift um after my decaf coffee to digest. We also got a little shot that was um lemon cello and uh he said so many things. >> Yeah, it was. And I was in a food coma. It is a staple. It was lemon lurb brandy and one other thing. It was so It was a sorbet. It was a lemon sorbet with brandy and something else. >> It was delicious. Find out. It was amazing. It was delicious and a great He said this is a palette cleanser, you know, to really like leave you without all the heavy food taste in your mouth. It did just that. >> Yeah, it was amazing. And it it was very palatable even for someone who >> couldn't eat another drop unless you read her. So, it was great. >> And that was Paulo. Good morning. Hey, it's time for our last morning, our last meal together. Now, for your last day, you can go and grab one final meal for breakfast at one of the sitdown restaurants, one that has been assigned to you. Ours was the Royal Court. We didn't eat here, so you don't know much about it. That's fine. We talked about it in Quincy's video. For this breakfast, they have some pretty tasty offerings, although limited compared to something like cabanas. Quincy and I went for the most exciting thing. Probably the most out there, unique, you know, special. I got salmon. Bagel with salmon. My favorite meal. I eat it every time I'm allowed. I love it. Quincy fruit. Oatmeal. Wa wa wa wa. Calm down. Can you tell we're ready for something a little bit lighter? I'm also increasingly worried about our health because we've been on this cruise for a few days and we are in 5 days getting on another plane to go to Asia to get on another boat and then get on a plane to go to Paris. Um, you might already see that stuff by the time this comes out. >> No, this comes out first. >> Coming soon. Coming soon. >> Well, thank you guys so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed eating along with us. I hope you had a good lunch. So much fun. Dinner, maybe even a snack, whatever you had. And we ate yesterday, too. This was really nice, guys. >> 11 Z's. >> Yeah. >> If you guys made it this far, go ahead and feel free drop this secret code in the comments so we know that you made it here. And don't forget to subscribe. We upload tips, games, eating everything, and more from Disney Cruise and Beyond all week. Why? Cuz we're serious about fun. We'll see you next time. Five.
