---
video_id: oTd2LwR-zFw
channel: AllEars.net
title: "Let’s ride Rock ‘n’ Roller Coaster one last time 🎸🎢😭"
published: 2026-03-02
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTd2LwR-zFw
---
I'm back in Hollywood Studios after dark for closing night, the very last ride on Rocket Roller Coaster starring Aerosmith. But first, I'm going to get in this long line and take a picture underneath the car sign. Mission accomplished. The line moved quickly. And here are the photos right here. I'm here for the long haul. As long as it takes, I am going to be here getting as far back >> as possible. Yes, I want to be at the back of the line tonight as far back as possible and be one of the last people to ride Rock and Roller Coaster. >> Last call, folks. Last call. >> And we just got a last call from a leader. So, I'm going to head in. >> We are going past the Rock and Roller Coaster entrance. Once again returning behind the villain's door over here beside Tower of Terror. People are saying that the gates are already closed behind us and it's only 8:58 and people are mad about it and people are getting out of line because they were waiting for their loved ones. Update, they did open the gates again and then they did a countdown at 9:00 p.m. and closed them again. It's been 54 minutes and we are officially entering the queue. The normal queue. >> We're just about to go to the indoor portion of the queue. This is all that is left of the queue. Look at the courtyard. >> 1 hour and 11 minutes and we're officially inside. one more time going by LA down under. I never got to go to that club. All in all, it only took us about an hour and 15 minutes to ride, which is not terrible at all. Of course, a huge part of that is the fact that there were no Lightning Lane reservations to contend with. I've seen a lot of people who are very sad walking around hugging each other. We've seen that at other closures. every single ride closure or land closure, people have been really emotional and gathering at the end of the night to just be together and remember, you know, the great times that they've had. Thanks for hanging out tonight. Stay tuned to All Ears Net for all of your tips, tricks, planning advice, and sad last days of favorite attractions. Why? Because we're serious about
