---
video_id: rYKPwlph_RQ
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Latest Disney News: Closing Date for Rock 'n' Roller Coaster, Disney Partners with AI & MORE!"
published: 2025-12-13
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYKPwlph_RQ
---
From Disney's big leap into AI to now knowing when Rock and Roller Coaster is going to close forever to sparkling new bathroom upgrades at your favorite hotels, plus a behind-the-scenes peak at the upcoming Encantto attraction in Animal Kingdom and an exciting look ahead to Christmas 2026. All the latest Disney and theme park news is coming up right now here on DFB Guide. Happy Saturday. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. And yes, we've got a lot of news to cover this week, including Disney partnering with an AI company, new characters in the parks, one of our favorite snacks ever making its triumphant return, and more. Let's get started. So, breaking Disney news, last part of the week, Friday morning, Disney decides to uh roll this out. Rock and roller coaster starring Aerosmith will permanently close on March 2nd, 2026. That means March 1st is your last day to experience this attraction before the Muppets take over. Back in early October, Disney announced the opening timeline for this new version of the attraction. So, we wondered if this news would be coming soon. Summer 2026 is going to bring the new version of the coaster to the park, which gives Disney only a few months to make this flip. While the ride system will be staying the same, which certainly helps with that timing, the theming as a whole is getting a massive overhaul both inside and out. Disney's already gotten a head start on the rethe. At the beginning of December, the iconic Studio C pre-show was blocked off, and now guests just walk through this area. It was a sad sight to see, but with such a quick turnaround for the attraction in 2026, we can see why Disney's getting started on this earlier. So, if you're going to Disney World before March, make sure you get your last ride in before it closes. And if you're a big fan of this coaster and want to commemorate it, we've got our Peace Out tour design in our store right now. It's a little farewell, a little tribute, and all heart for one of the wildest rides on Sunset Boulevard. Shop in this video or by heading to dfbstore.com. Disney World bathrooms just got a major upgrade, y'all. Disney World Resort restrooms, bathrooms, whatever you want to call them, are now starting to offer both bar soap and pump soap by the sinks. This is a big deal in my life. For the longest time, there was only bar hand soap. So, this is a very welcome upgrade in the hotel rooms. I love having options for how I wash my hands. And honestly, I have been known to go out and buy my own pump soap so that I don't have to use the bar soap cuz I really don't like bar soap. So, it's the little details in the hotel room that make a vacation any better. Now, you'll still get bar soap in your room, and you can use that if you want, and you'll also get Disney mouthwash and a vanity kit and a shower cap, depending on where you're staying, right? It all sort of depends on if you're at a value resort or a moderate resort or a deluxe resort. But all of the hotels are now offering that pump soap and pump body lotion, too. This is basically the same stuff that they used to give you in those individual plastic bottles, right, that you could, you know, take home with you or whatever. So, same H2O product just without H2O branding on it. So, that's what you get to use for your hand soap, which is very exciting because up until now, I have had to travel with one of those little H2O hand soaps that I used to bring with me everywhere and use it at the Disney hotels because they only had bar soap. So, now I don't have to be nearly as high maintenance. Very exciting. Now, I just spotted this in Animal Kingdom Lodge last week. Shout out to our friend WW_Bathrooms for sharing the news and letting me know that I needed to look for this. Disney's released a brand new behind-the-scenes look at the new Tropical America's Land in Animal Kingdom. The new expansion is currently under construction over there where Dino Land used to be, and it's replacing all of Dino Land. Now, as the project moves along, Disney took to Instagram with a new video showing the land's current status. In the clip shared by Walt Disney Imagineering, an Imagineer identified as Johnny, the general superintendent of construction takes guests through the site as vertical construction begins on one of the area's primary attractions based on Encanto. So, I'm guessing this is the casita, right, that they're building that right now. Construction on Tropical Americas has been going on for months with the final portion of Dino Land set to close in February 2026. The land is expected to open sometime in 2027, I think, right now is what they're projecting, but we'll see. Someone new has arrived in Disney California Adventure over at Disneyland Resort. With the release of Zootopia 2 in theaters, there's a lot of fun you can have around the Disney parks, inspired by the world of Zootopia right now. And you can meet the iconic character Clawhouser over there in Disney California Adventure. He's meeting in Hollywood Land. In the background of his meet and greet, you'll find a sign that says, "Welcome to the jewel of Zootopia Marsh Market with Gary to Snake wrapped around one of the legs and a chili dog stand. To the left is the storefront of Oshuck's Oyster Bar." If you've seen the new film, you know why all these spots are significant. We love all the details and really feel it brings the meet and greet spot to life. And of course, Clawhauser is amazing in his uniform. He looked like he just jumped right out of the movie. He's awesome. Now, you're also going to be able to meet Judy Hops and Nick Wild in the same spot, and they meet together while Clawhazer meets alone. So, to catch them, it's best to check the Disneyland app for the most updated meet and greet times. The Walt Disney Company and Open AI have reached a deal for Disney to become the first major content licensing partner on Sora, OpenAI's generative AI short form video platform. As part of the three-year licensing agreement, Sora is going to generate short user prompted social videos that can be viewed and shared by fans. More than 200 Disney, Marvel, Pixar, and Star Wars characters will be featured on the platform, including a selection of fan-inspired Sora short form videos available to stream on Disney Plus. Disney will become a major customer of OpenAI, using its application programming interface to build new products, tools, and experiences, including for Disney Plus and ChatGpt for Disney employees. As part of the agreement, Disney will make a $1 billion equity investment in OpenAI and receive warrants to purchase additional equity. Additionally, Chat GPT images will be able to turn prompts into fully generated images in seconds using the same intellectual property. However, the agreement does not include any talent likenesses or voices. Disney shared that as part of the agreement, Disney and Open AAI are affirming a shared commitment to the responsible use of AI that protects user safety and the rights of creators. The deal is subject to negotiation of definitive agreements, required corporate and board approvals, and customary closing conditions. Fans are going to be able to watch curated selections of Sora generated videos on Disney Plus, while Disney will use Open AI's models to power new experiences for subscribers. Zora and Chat GPT images are expected to start generating fan inspired videos in early 2026. We'll be on the lookout for additional updates about this partnership. Kie River Rapids at Disney's Animal Kingdom has been closed since October 6th for its annual reefer, but that is no more. The water rides now open once again. Now, while I don't think it'll have too many visitors right now since it's colder, it's another attraction open for Animal Kingdom, which is nice cuz that park doesn't have much right now with all that construction. If you often find yourself struggling to decide between watching a Disney holiday film or a Hallmark movie, next year you're going to be able to do both. Disney World and Hallmark are teaming up to bring us a brand new film. This is going to be called Holiday Ever After, a Disney World wish come true and will debut during next year's Hallmark Countdown to Christmas event. The film will shoot on location in Disney World, which means filming is inside the park, which you might have seen already. Lots of filming may take place overnight when guests aren't in the park, but it's also possible we could see areas of the parks closed to the public during the day while filming's taking place. Disney may not announce these closures in advance, so be sure to keep your eyes open for that kind of thing. This romantic film stars Lacy Shabar, Travis Van Winkle, Richard Kind, Christy Carlson Romano, Bryce Dufet, Tegan Burns, and Asher Alexander with Patrick Rena in a cameo role. and it's written and directed by Ryan Lindowl's. We'll be sure to keep an eye out in the parks for filming taking place. And if you're visiting during the holiday season, you let us know if you see any. Christmas is just a few days away, y'all. And I'm going to be honest, I haven't even started my shopping yet. And while I love finding the most niche and perfect present for everybody, I love a gift card, too, cuz it gives me the ability to be flexible and let everybody else choose what they want to use that money on. Now, one of our favorite Disney World restaurants is currently running a deal that you might want to take advantage of. Summerhouse on the Lake is offering a gift card deal from now until December 30th. You can get a free $25 holiday bonus gift card if you buy $100 in gift cards. These are valid from January 1st until April 15th. So, go ahead and get the gift card deal by December 30th, but then the gift cards can be used from January 1st to April 15th. Summerhouse on the Lake is part of the Let Us Entertain You Enterprises, which allows you to build up points every time you dine at one of their locations. That also means you can use this gift card at a bunch of different restaurants around the country. Now, a few caveats which maybe make this not as awesome a deal. The gift cards are valid for dining in or carry out, and they aren't valid on Saturdays after 300 p.m. So, no Saturday night date nights. They're also not valid on Valentine's Day or Easter, and you can't combine them with other promotional certificates or offers. That being said, extra 25 bucks for your favorite restaurant is a pretty, you know, good deal, I guess. So, be sure to read the fine print and if it makes sense for you, that's how you can get them. Get ready rookie recruits. Legoland Florida just announced its opening date for its first indoor coaster built inside the main park since 2011, and it's going to be a cosmic level of fun. Galactic Coaster takes off at Legoland on February 27th. This launches from Spaceport 885, named after the classic Lego space scooter set 885, and takes families on a customizable Lego space mission from briefing to blastoff. You're going to go to the briefing room where Chief Engineer Biff Dipper will set the tone with jokes and pep talks and some Lego charm. next to the customization bay where you're going to grab an RFID wristband and design your own spacecraft across four build phases, nose, tail, wings, and special features with more than 625 possible combinations. And finally, blast off. You're going to launch into an intergalactic Lego solar system filled with special effects and synchronized lighting and surprise cameos from classic Lego space icons. There's going to be extras in the interactive themed queue, the orbital outpost shop, and a Duplo top spot for tiny astronauts. Annual passholders will get early launch access before February 27th, plus up to 30% off passes right now and free parking and hotel and merch discounts and admission to seasonal events. So, lots going on in Legoland next year. Stay tuned. Biggest news of 2025 has arrived. Sound the alarms and cancel your plans and alert the group chat because the deep fried Hawaiian rolls have officially returned to blue ribbon corn dogs on Disney's Boardwalk. Yep, the same rolls that were tragically, heartbreakingly replaced by the salmon corn dog, aka the legally classified food crime. We tried so you didn't have to. Justice has been served. Balance has been restored. The DFB kingdom rejoices. These are soft and sweet golden fried pillows of perfection. It is back where it belongs. This is seriously the best news the DFB team has heard all year. So yeah, follow us for all the news that actually matters in Disney World. There are new Pandora treats at Satuli Canteen in Animal Kingdom and they are wild. We grabbed the Trader Tailwind for $16.50 and the Manuan mousse for $6.29. Now Animal Kingdom's culinary team is on one right now. Here's the breakdown. The mousse is cinnamon milk chocolate mousse and caramelized banana cake with sesame caramel and chocolate sesame crumble. This tastes like creme brulee meets banana bread meets toasted caramel. Totally mindbending in the best way. Sweet and creamy and toasty and unique. The Trader Tailwind is a twist on a margarita. Mango is the star hits you right after the shamoy rim. Spiced drum and ginger beer are a magically perfect sweet, tangy heat combo. This might be our new favorite margarita in Disney World. The only downside is it's a smaller cup for a higher price, but overall these are worth the trek to Pandora. Delicious, bold, and some of the most interesting flavors we've had in the park. The Southern California favorite Porto's Bakery and Cafe is making its way to Disneyland Resort's Downtown Disney District very soon, and we got confirmation that construction is officially begun. The spot will bring its signature sweet pastries and savory Cuban food to Downtown Disney. Portos is part of the expansion of the Downtown Disney District, joining other recently opened eeries like Dint Taiong, PO, and Centrico. Disney has confirmed that we can look forward to dining on Porto's signature cheese rules, potato balls, yay, and other goodies. Not only that, but this will be the first Porto's location with sit-down table service and a full bar. Disney shared an updated look at the concept art, including the grand exterior and cozy dining space, plus the large outdoor patio that looks like it'll be perfect for people watching in SoCal. Porto's Bakery and Cafe will be located at the former spot of Labraa Bakery right near the esplanade. I cannot wait. And this place is going to be packed. Just FYI. Finding a good breakfast can be tough in Disney World, but it just got a little easier in Magic Kingdom. We've got the honey butter chicken biscuit breakfast sandwich at Golden Oak Outpost for $10.49 right now. Served with eggs, strawberry jalapeno jam, and pepperjack and potato barrels, which are of course tater tots. The biscuit here is the main flavor we tasted with the egg and cheese in the background, but we had the jam, too. Now, the jam was a fun addition and gave the sandwich some sweetness. We just wish there was a little more. Might try to ask for an additional side of it next time we're at Golden Oak Outpost. Tater tots are a familiar side you'll find across all of Disney World and have a crunchy exterior. It's a little bit greasy with that classic potato taste. Overall, this is a fairly basic chicken biscuit, but there's nothing wrong with a consistent snack at Disney that's going to fuel you without stretching your flavor palette. So, this can be good for kids or pickier eaters or just someone who's tired of picking from an extensive menu and wants something they know and love. The sandwich is only available from 9:30 to 11:00, which is when most Disney breakfast ends. So, if this sounds like something you'll want, then make sure you're there early enough to grab it. This is probably most likely kind of a seasonal offering just to keep people fed when there's tons of people in the park. So, we'll see if it sticks around. The Polite Pig is one of our favorites over there in Disney Springs, and it's got some of the best barbecue you'll find on property. We recently stopped by to try a new taco trio. This is available for $17 and comes with a pork belly taco, a brisket taco, and a chicken taco. The pork belly is made with sweet and spicy pineapple guilo glaze and crunchy hikima tomatillo sllo. The pork belly in this was really, really good, especially with that pineapple guilo glaze. It was tender but with a nice chew and it was perfectly sweet with a kick to it from the pepper and the hikamas provided a nice crunch. Reminded us of a bonme sandwich but in taco form. The brisket taco features a three pepper cherry glaze with roasted corn salsa. This was an interesting flavor combo. Imagine the sweet and smoky flavor of brisket with that tart flavor from the pepper cherry glaze. We loved the roasted corn salsa, which paired nicely with the smoky brisket. This was our reporter's favorite of the three. The chicken taco is made with a jalapeno onion jam, Alabama sauce, and fresh crisp lettuce that made for a really nice and interesting bite. We really wanted to love this one, but it was our reporter's least favorite. The chicken was fresh and had a spiced rub to it, but it almost reminded us of a rotisserie chicken in flavor, and we wish there had been more of the Alabama sauce just to give the taco a little more depth. The jalapeno onion drram was spicy and sweet, and we wish there had been more of that, too. So, if you're a fan of tacos, barbecue, or polite pig, you'll want to add the taco trio to your list of must try Disney World eats. If you're in the mood for a little something sweet, Hungry Bear Bbecue Jamberee in Disneyland nailed it with these mint chip funnel cake fries. The hot crispy funnel cake fries are topped with mint chip ice cream, whipped cream, chocolate syrup, and crunchy chocolate chips. All for $10.29. It's basically winter dessert perfection and they're very sharable, but honestly, you probably won't want to. Lelier is one of the more expensive and fancy restaurants in Epcot. It's also one of my favorites and it's very popular. So much so that it's often hard to get a reservation. So, when you sit down to dine, you're likely expecting a pretty great meal. As this is a steakhouse, lots of people choose to try one of the $60 steak cuts on the menu, but there are plenty of other options available as well. And we recently spotted two new items on the menu. we knew we had to give a try. You can now grab the brazed lamb shank for $51. This is served with black barley risoto, brazed fennel, maple glazed carrots, garden greens, and juice. While this was far from our reporter's first time having lamb, and she really enjoys the flavor profile of it, the texture was not what we're expecting. While the other braze lamb dishes we've often found around Disney World Resort are fall off the bone tender, these were far from it. In fact, we basically had to pull it apart like you would a turkey leg. So, to us, it almost seemed it was overcooked. Despite that, the flavor was great once we got past having to pull it off the bone. We enjoyed how savory it was, not only thanks to the lamb itself, but also the slowcooked herbs and juice. And we love the balance of flavors and the luxurious flavor of all of it. But we just think we got a really bad cut of the meat potentially. We also tried the new oysters Rockefeller for $22. And while these have the classic texture and that fresh briny flavor of oysters, these were bland when it came to extra flavor. We got a bit of the herby notes and the spinach was more of a cooked collared greens texture. There's a bit of crunch from the breadcrumbs, but the flavor was lacking for us. We would have loved to taste a little more salt, garlic, or perhaps even butter just to give the whole dish a little something extra to make it as luxurious tasting as it looked. Now, this place deserves a spot on so many bucket lists. Usually, people aren't getting lamb and oysters Rockefeller when they go to Lelier. So stick with what they do the best, I would say, and that's that cheddar cheese soup, that poutine, and those steaks. We love the Daily Poutine in Disney Springs cuz they're always dreaming up new ways of serving fries with sauces and cheese. However, a new poutine there had us a little conflicted for a minute. The Daily Poutine now has truffle mushroom fruits for $10.49. These are fries with wild mushroom ragu, griier cheese, truffle ioli, parmesan panko crumble, and parsley. So, here's where our confusion started. Our reporter loves truffles, but hates mushrooms. It's a texture thing, and I totally get it. But, we're all pros here, and we're going to try the new foods. However, we found that the other textures in this dish, like the panko crumble, helped sort of hide the mushroom texture, and the truffle aioli overwhelms the mushroom flavor. The truffle sauce is outstanding. It's got a wonderful earthy umami flavor with some saltiness. There's also a heaping load of griier cheese and giant clumps, so you also get some great cheesy flavor with that. And the parmesan panko crumble, and there's a lot of that, too, was a great texture ad. Didn't taste as much as the parsley, but it's probably hiding in the sauce. The fries are always good here. Nice and crispy and hot. Overall, just goes to prove even if you think you don't like something, you might try something like this, cuz Disney does a great job of making that more accessible. Lesson learned. We recently went to Disney Springs to try two of Joffrey's handcrafted smoothies. And for those wondering, yes, we were getting frozen smoothies in December. It's the Florida life. We couldn't resist heading to Joffrey's at Disney Springs to grab a smoothie and thought, why not grab two? The first flavor we tried was the banana split for $7.99. This has pineapple juice, strawberries, bananas, chocolate, and yogurt. The first few sips gave a stronger strawberry banana flavor with some underlying chocolate, but once you get towards the bottom, you get a lot more pineapple juice resulting in tanginess. So, pineapple juice just kind of sinks toward the bottom. Maybe stir it up a little bit. The other one we got was the purple piñata for $7.99, which is super fun to say. The drink consists of apple juice, strawberries, raspberries, blueberries, and yogurt. Now, the yogurt in this one was very difficult to detect for some reason and didn't have the same creamy quality to it that the banana split had. The drink is a lot more apple juice forward with a very juicy feel to it at first. The mixture was a lot thinner, making the drink a little more liquidy. Strawberries and raspberries are stronger in this drink than the blueberries despite the blueberries contributing heavily to the color. Overall, these were pretty good. They weren't terribly priced. This would make for a good breakfast drink while walking around springs, but warning, they may be tougher to drink if it's chillier outside. Okay, if you've got a trip to Disney World on the calendar this week, I am super super jealous. Listen up, cuz the parks are serving up more than just pixie dust right now. Between holiday crowds and health headlines and some not so magical parking lot realities, there are a few things you want to know before you head to the most magical place on Earth. Disney World may feel like the safest bubble on Earth, but the parking lots are still open hightra areas. And recent reports highlight a rise in car break-ins across Orlando tourist zones, including near theme parks. According to People, a valet at a Disney World hotel was recently arrested for cashing fraudulent checks after taking a checkbook from a hotel resort guest vehicle. A visitor visiting the resort reported receiving notifications from her bank that someone had written four checks out of her account and that her checkbook was missing from her vehicle. And when she received notifications from the bank, she also got screenshots of the checks which were written out to someone she didn't know. Officers then used that information to find the suspect and arrest him. According to Disney, the valet did not directly work for the company, but for a third-party company that provides valet services to the hotel. This is why I want to remind you, don't leave any valuables in your car. Even in Disney World, your valuables may not be safe from theft. You should keep your checkbooks, your debit cards, your credit cards on you or inside your hotel room safe. Double check your car before you park or hand it over to valet to ensure that nothing important is being left inside. And this goes for the general parking lots, too. Hide your valuables. We still live in the real world. There's a new flu strain going around right now called Subcllay K, and it's spreading pretty rapidly ahead of the official flu season. If you've got upcoming travel plans to Disney World or otherwise, here's what you need to know. A new version of influenza AH3N2 is potentially vaccine resistant due to its genetic mutations. The mutated H3N2 strain, known as subclaid K, has spread recently throughout countries in the northern hemisphere, including Japan and the UK. Japan declared an influenza epidemic following the surge and UK health officials have warned this could be one of the worst winters yet as the strain spreads. It's now projected to become the dominant strain worldwide. H3N2 subclaid K has already been detected in more than half of the US states so far per the global initiative on sharing all influenza data database. The strain mutated too late for scientists to update this season's flu vaccine. though it will still offer protection throughout flu season and is especially important for high-risisk individuals, the elderly, young children, pregnant women, and immunompromised persons. If you start feeling sick in Disney World, you should head back to your hotel room to rest and stay away from everybody else. This can help prevent the spread. Keep in mind that Disney World has first aid centers and the cast members there can help you and give you advice on what to do. There are also tons of virtual options available in the My Disney Experience app that can assist you with a multitude of different issues. You'll find stuff such as athletic training resources, run Disney resources, emergency room resources, urgent care and virtual care. Yep, you can even get a virtual appointment through the My Disney Experience app. There's a care concierge call center and equipment and prescription delivery. This isn't a reason to cancel your vacation, but just be prepared. Bring your hands, Annie. Wash your hands frequently. Bring wipes to wipe down tables and other surfaces. And just be aware of your surroundings. 2026 Epcot Festival of the Arts Farts merch drop. If Figment merch sends your imagination into overdrive, then buckle up cuz Disney just revealed this year's Festival of the Arts collection. Here's what caught our eye. The spirit jersey, of course, a swirl of teal and purple, pink, and more with Figment Sketching the World Showcase. It's bright, it's artsy, and it's farts core. Figment plush paint splattered apron, beret, tiny paintbrush, adorable. The Loungefly ear headband has a purple bow, fireworks, spaceship earth medallion, and this is getting added to our ear collection for sure. And of course, the matching Loungefly bag. You can wear this one as a purse or a backpack. Either way, Figments painting the sky and stealing the show. A festival baseball hat, a pop of color with Figment painting around Spaceship Earth, perfect for sunny Epcot strolls. Festival mug for hot cocoa or coffee. artistic inspiration. All the above, a Figment ornament, cuz we always need more Figment on our tree, and a corksicle water bottle has those music notes and paint brushes, world showcase icons, a stylish hydration sidekick. Will you be grabbing anything from this year's collection? Let us know in the comments. Okay, you might be ahead of the game with all your holiday shopping, but have you thought about those little extras? Have no fear. We've got the best Disney deals to help finish up your holiday shopping ASAP. This multi-charger is going to be the best, most surprising gift for anyone going on a Disney vacation in 2026. It's often something you wouldn't get for yourself, but you will use it a ton. And if somebody gets it from you, they're going to really, really be grateful. This multi-charger features four USBA outlets for your Magic Bands, your phones, and more. We use this at home with all our charging needs and at the hotels when we need more outlets. And trust me, you will need more outlets. Next on our list is a little gift we would be thrilled to receive. We are huge fans of our Frog Tog ponchos for Disney World and even at home. This is light and flowy while being super water resistant to keep us dry during our park day. This poncho also comes with a carrying bag so you can wrap it up post storm and toss it in your bag without damaging everything else. Now, is there anything better than a cooling fan on a super super hot 90° Orlando day? No, there's not. Just FYI. This fan is inspired by Mickey himself and even folds in half so it won't take up too much space in your bags. It's got three adjustable speeds and comes in four different colors so you can choose what's best for you or every family member can have their own color. You can also add water to it so you can mist yourself throughout the day. And another park necessity that we would love to see under our tree this year are these reusable utensils. This set features a carrying case, spoon, knife, and fork for the onthe-go eating around Disney World. Disney, of course, provides utensils at each dining location, but we love that we can reuse these to create less waste. It's especially nice to have on those festival days. You can shop all these products at the links below and head to our website, disneyfoodblog.com, for even more holiday gift ideas. Okay, that's wrapping things up for us today for the latest Disney news. But don't miss a single update. Make sure you're signed up for our free newsletter so the latest breaking news stories land right in your inbox as soon as they happen. You'll be the first to know what's going on in the parks, and you don't have to wait until Saturday to get the scoop. The link to sign up is right in the description, and again, it's totally free. Thanks for listening, everyone, and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real soon.
