---
video_id: 1c7KyQtssfs
channel: DFBGuide
title: "The ULTIMATE Guide to Universal’s Islands of Adventure 2026"
published: 2025-12-25
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1c7KyQtssfs
---
that Universal Orlando vacation you've that Universal Orlando vacation you've that Universal Orlando vacation you've been wanting to take. But we got a few been wanting to take. But we got a few been wanting to take. But we got a few questions. In 2026, which Islands of questions. In 2026, which Islands of questions. In 2026, which Islands of Adventure Land is getting demolished? Adventure Land is getting demolished? Adventure Land is getting demolished? What new Express Pass feature is going What new Express Pass feature is going What new Express Pass feature is going to be a gamecher? And what hot tips and to be a gamecher? And what hot tips and to be a gamecher? And what hot tips and hidden gems are going to add even more hidden gems are going to add even more hidden gems are going to add even more value to your next visit? We're going to value to your next visit? We're going to value to your next visit? We're going to reveal all during today's ultimate reveal all during today's ultimate reveal all during today's ultimate guide. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Vlog. Now we're over in Islands of Vlog. Now we're over in Islands of Vlog. Now we're over in Islands of Adventure today to uncover the latest Adventure today to uncover the latest Adventure today to uncover the latest news, the under the radar hot tips, news, the under the radar hot tips, news, the under the radar hot tips, hidden gems, best recommendations, hidden gems, best recommendations, hidden gems, best recommendations, what's going on this year. You get it, what's going on this year. You get it, what's going on this year. You get it, the whole nine yards. Ready to get the whole nine yards. Ready to get the whole nine yards. Ready to get started? Of course you are. You wouldn't started? Of course you are. You wouldn't started? Of course you are. You wouldn't have pressed play on this video have pressed play on this video have pressed play on this video otherwise. So, let's do this. There are otherwise. So, let's do this. There are otherwise. So, let's do this. There are three key changes happening over at three key changes happening over at three key changes happening over at Islands of Adventure that A are going to Islands of Adventure that A are going to Islands of Adventure that A are going to impact this park in some big ways. B are impact this park in some big ways. B are impact this park in some big ways. B are already impacting this park as we speak. already impacting this park as we speak. already impacting this park as we speak. And depending on when you watch this And depending on when you watch this And depending on when you watch this video, all three changes might have video, all three changes might have video, all three changes might have already happened. So, let's start with already happened. So, let's start with already happened. So, let's start with one of the biggest new developments. The one of the biggest new developments. The one of the biggest new developments. The Lost Continent area is about to get a Lost Continent area is about to get a Lost Continent area is about to get a whole lot more lost because it's whole lot more lost because it's whole lot more lost because it's currently on Universal's chopping block. currently on Universal's chopping block. currently on Universal's chopping block. The Lost Continent is one of the islands The Lost Continent is one of the islands The Lost Continent is one of the islands that make up Islands of Adventure. We'll that make up Islands of Adventure. We'll that make up Islands of Adventure. We'll talk about each of them today, I talk about each of them today, I talk about each of them today, I promise. But it's been a shell of its promise. But it's been a shell of its promise. But it's been a shell of its former self for years now, with its one former self for years now, with its one former self for years now, with its one shining gem in the area that's still up shining gem in the area that's still up shining gem in the area that's still up and running being the Mythos Sitown and running being the Mythos Sitown and running being the Mythos Sitown Restaurant, an award-winning table Restaurant, an award-winning table Restaurant, an award-winning table service featuring Mediterranean, Asian, service featuring Mediterranean, Asian, service featuring Mediterranean, Asian, and American Fair. But back in fall and American Fair. But back in fall and American Fair. But back in fall permit for the demolition of 5 acres permit for the demolition of 5 acres permit for the demolition of 5 acres within Islands of Adventure. So, what within Islands of Adventure. So, what within Islands of Adventure. So, what exactly is getting demoed, and what's exactly is getting demoed, and what's exactly is getting demoed, and what's going to remain? Well, we don't know going to remain? Well, we don't know going to remain? Well, we don't know specifics, not yet. But what we do know specifics, not yet. But what we do know specifics, not yet. But what we do know is that The Eighth Voyage of Sinbad, The is that The Eighth Voyage of Sinbad, The is that The Eighth Voyage of Sinbad, The Lost Continent's former stunt show, and Lost Continent's former stunt show, and Lost Continent's former stunt show, and Poseidon's Fury, another ultra immersive Poseidon's Fury, another ultra immersive Poseidon's Fury, another ultra immersive special effects show, have both been special effects show, have both been special effects show, have both been closed for a while now, since 2018 and closed for a while now, since 2018 and closed for a while now, since 2018 and two attractions occupy is roughly 5 two attractions occupy is roughly 5 two attractions occupy is roughly 5 acres, which is exactly what the permit acres, which is exactly what the permit acres, which is exactly what the permit covers. You add those two together along covers. You add those two together along covers. You add those two together along with Universal statement that the Lost with Universal statement that the Lost with Universal statement that the Lost continent will see upcoming construction continent will see upcoming construction continent will see upcoming construction as part of site planning to ensure the as part of site planning to ensure the as part of site planning to ensure the area is ready for any future area is ready for any future area is ready for any future developments. And it starts to seem like developments. And it starts to seem like developments. And it starts to seem like the eighth voyage of Sinbad and the eighth voyage of Sinbad and the eighth voyage of Sinbad and Boseidon's Fury are going to be getting Boseidon's Fury are going to be getting Boseidon's Fury are going to be getting demoed soon to make way for new stuff. demoed soon to make way for new stuff. demoed soon to make way for new stuff. As for Mythos, well, so far the As for Mythos, well, so far the As for Mythos, well, so far the restaurant's staying put, but that restaurant's staying put, but that restaurant's staying put, but that doesn't mean the demolition or at least doesn't mean the demolition or at least doesn't mean the demolition or at least a reimagining of Mythos is totally out a reimagining of Mythos is totally out a reimagining of Mythos is totally out of the question. if Islands of Adventure of the question. if Islands of Adventure of the question. if Islands of Adventure is planning to completely rethe this is planning to completely rethe this is planning to completely rethe this area of the park to bring in new stuff. area of the park to bring in new stuff. area of the park to bring in new stuff. We'll keep an eye on things to let you We'll keep an eye on things to let you We'll keep an eye on things to let you know once we hear more, but just for the know once we hear more, but just for the know once we hear more, but just for the record, 2026 might bring about a whole record, 2026 might bring about a whole record, 2026 might bring about a whole lot of construction in this specific lot of construction in this specific lot of construction in this specific area. Let's pivot now and chat a little area. Let's pivot now and chat a little area. Let's pivot now and chat a little bit about the Express Pass scene and bit about the Express Pass scene and bit about the Express Pass scene and what changes it's made recently. Express what changes it's made recently. Express what changes it's made recently. Express Pass is Universal's pay to skip the ride Pass is Universal's pay to skip the ride Pass is Universal's pay to skip the ride line system, which is usually very line system, which is usually very line system, which is usually very pricey, unless you're staying at one of pricey, unless you're staying at one of pricey, unless you're staying at one of Universal's select signature resorts Universal's select signature resorts Universal's select signature resorts that gives you free Universal Express that gives you free Universal Express that gives you free Universal Express unlimited passes throughout your whole unlimited passes throughout your whole unlimited passes throughout your whole visit. If you want to learn about which visit. If you want to learn about which visit. If you want to learn about which Universal hotels have the free express Universal hotels have the free express Universal hotels have the free express passes, by the way, and learn about the passes, by the way, and learn about the passes, by the way, and learn about the pros and cons for every Universal pros and cons for every Universal pros and cons for every Universal Orlando hotel, go ahead and scan the QR Orlando hotel, go ahead and scan the QR Orlando hotel, go ahead and scan the QR code you see on the screen right now or code you see on the screen right now or code you see on the screen right now or click on the for click on the for click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/universal Disneyfoodblog.com/universal Disneyfoodblog.com/universal ranks and we're going to send you our ranks and we're going to send you our ranks and we're going to send you our free Universal Hotel guide. It's super free Universal Hotel guide. It's super free Universal Hotel guide. It's super super useful. [music] Okay, before super useful. [music] Okay, before super useful. [music] Okay, before Islands of Adventure had Express Pass Islands of Adventure had Express Pass Islands of Adventure had Express Pass availability for pretty much all their availability for pretty much all their availability for pretty much all their rides except for Hagrid's Magical rides except for Hagrid's Magical rides except for Hagrid's Magical Creatures Motorbike Adventure in the Creatures Motorbike Adventure in the Creatures Motorbike Adventure in the Wizarding World and Pterannodon Flyers Wizarding World and Pterannodon Flyers Wizarding World and Pterannodon Flyers in Jurassic Park. But now, Express Pass in Jurassic Park. But now, Express Pass in Jurassic Park. But now, Express Pass is available for Hagrids, which is is available for Hagrids, which is is available for Hagrids, which is fantastic news since this is the coaster fantastic news since this is the coaster fantastic news since this is the coaster that tends to rack up the longest waits that tends to rack up the longest waits that tends to rack up the longest waits in the park. Teranodon Flyers still in the park. Teranodon Flyers still in the park. Teranodon Flyers still doesn't have Express Pass, but that's doesn't have Express Pass, but that's doesn't have Express Pass, but that's more because it's a ride made for little more because it's a ride made for little more because it's a ride made for little kids and parents and guardians only get kids and parents and guardians only get kids and parents and guardians only get to ride if they're accompanying a child. to ride if they're accompanying a child. to ride if they're accompanying a child. That's a minimum of 36 in and a maximum That's a minimum of 36 in and a maximum That's a minimum of 36 in and a maximum of 56 in tall. Speaking of Jurassic Park of 56 in tall. Speaking of Jurassic Park of 56 in tall. Speaking of Jurassic Park rides, Jurassic Park River Adventure rides, Jurassic Park River Adventure rides, Jurassic Park River Adventure [music] is going to be closed for most [music] is going to be closed for most [music] is going to be closed for most of 2026. According to the Universal of 2026. According to the Universal of 2026. According to the Universal Orlando website, this one's going to Orlando website, this one's going to Orlando website, this one's going to close on January 5th and won't reopen close on January 5th and won't reopen close on January 5th and won't reopen until November 19th. Between Dino Land until November 19th. Between Dino Land until November 19th. Between Dino Land USA completely closing in Animal Kingdom USA completely closing in Animal Kingdom USA completely closing in Animal Kingdom on February 2nd and Jurassic Park River on February 2nd and Jurassic Park River on February 2nd and Jurassic Park River Adventure down for the count a solid 10 Adventure down for the count a solid 10 Adventure down for the count a solid 10 months, we're going to have a serious months, we're going to have a serious months, we're going to have a serious lack of animatronic dinos in 2026. Now, lack of animatronic dinos in 2026. Now, lack of animatronic dinos in 2026. Now, if it's water rides you're after, don't if it's water rides you're after, don't if it's water rides you're after, don't worry. Islands of Adventure is still worry. Islands of Adventure is still worry. Islands of Adventure is still going to have plenty of those in 2026, going to have plenty of those in 2026, going to have plenty of those in 2026, which I'll talk more about later on, and which I'll talk more about later on, and which I'll talk more about later on, and you're still going to be able to you're still going to be able to you're still going to be able to experience the rest of the Jurassic Park experience the rest of the Jurassic Park experience the rest of the Jurassic Park area, too, which again tell you about area, too, which again tell you about area, too, which again tell you about real soon, so hang tight. Before we get real soon, so hang tight. Before we get real soon, so hang tight. Before we get into the backtoback water rides and into the backtoback water rides and into the backtoback water rides and dinosaur thrills, let's start at the dinosaur thrills, let's start at the dinosaur thrills, let's start at the front of Islands of Adventure and work front of Islands of Adventure and work front of Islands of Adventure and work our way around the park. Port of Entry our way around the park. Port of Entry our way around the park. Port of Entry is the first island you're going to step is the first island you're going to step is the first island you're going to step into once you're past the front gate. into once you're past the front gate. into once you're past the front gate. And this area is like kind of what Main And this area is like kind of what Main And this area is like kind of what Main Street USA is for Magic Kingdom. It Street USA is for Magic Kingdom. It Street USA is for Magic Kingdom. It eases you into the realm with a nice eases you into the realm with a nice eases you into the realm with a nice well- themed area that's more known for well- themed area that's more known for well- themed area that's more known for its shopping and dining and not really its shopping and dining and not really its shopping and dining and not really anything else beyond that. Aside from anything else beyond that. Aside from anything else beyond that. Aside from the Mythos restaurant over in Lost the Mythos restaurant over in Lost the Mythos restaurant over in Lost Continent, Port of Entry is the only Continent, Port of Entry is the only Continent, Port of Entry is the only other island with a table service option other island with a table service option other island with a table service option available in Islands of Adventure. available in Islands of Adventure. available in Islands of Adventure. Confiscoco Grill features a menu of more Confiscoco Grill features a menu of more Confiscoco Grill features a menu of more adventurous eats rather than your adventurous eats rather than your adventurous eats rather than your typical theme park fair. And that typical theme park fair. And that typical theme park fair. And that includes options like ai tuna nachos, includes options like ai tuna nachos, includes options like ai tuna nachos, pad thai, quesabaria, pork belly bond me pad thai, quesabaria, pork belly bond me pad thai, quesabaria, pork belly bond me sandwich, and more. Now, here's a hidden sandwich, and more. Now, here's a hidden sandwich, and more. Now, here's a hidden gem. The whole gimmick of Confiscoco gem. The whole gimmick of Confiscoco gem. The whole gimmick of Confiscoco Grill and how it got its name is that Grill and how it got its name is that Grill and how it got its name is that this is where Islands of Adventure, as this is where Islands of Adventure, as this is where Islands of Adventure, as the story goes, keeps all its the story goes, keeps all its the story goes, keeps all its confiscated goods. So, be sure to look confiscated goods. So, be sure to look confiscated goods. So, be sure to look at the shelves and storage areas lining at the shelves and storage areas lining at the shelves and storage areas lining the dining room for a whole lot of park the dining room for a whole lot of park the dining room for a whole lot of park Easter eggs that have been detained by Easter eggs that have been detained by Easter eggs that have been detained by the restaurant. If you're not looking the restaurant. If you're not looking the restaurant. If you're not looking for table service, but you are looking for table service, but you are looking for table service, but you are looking for a quick spot to grab something for for a quick spot to grab something for for a quick spot to grab something for breakfast when you first arrive, breakfast when you first arrive, breakfast when you first arrive, Croissant Moon Bakery sells goodies like Croissant Moon Bakery sells goodies like Croissant Moon Bakery sells goodies like danishes, fresh muffins, pies, tarts, danishes, fresh muffins, pies, tarts, danishes, fresh muffins, pies, tarts, aclaires, and of course, quasants. It aclaires, and of course, quasants. It aclaires, and of course, quasants. It also has more savory morning options also has more savory morning options also has more savory morning options like quasissant sandwiches, on ther run like quasissant sandwiches, on ther run like quasissant sandwiches, on ther run continental breakfast, and ham, cheese, continental breakfast, and ham, cheese, continental breakfast, and ham, cheese, and egg empanadas. Or you could just and egg empanadas. Or you could just and egg empanadas. Or you could just stick with the Cinnabon or Starbucks stick with the Cinnabon or Starbucks stick with the Cinnabon or Starbucks storefronts if you're looking for storefronts if you're looking for storefronts if you're looking for something more familiar. As far as something more familiar. As far as something more familiar. As far as shopping is concerned, there's no shopping is concerned, there's no shopping is concerned, there's no shortage in Port of Entry. You got your shortage in Port of Entry. You got your shortage in Port of Entry. You got your flagship store, the Islands of Adventure flagship store, the Islands of Adventure flagship store, the Islands of Adventure Trading Company. You've got your year Trading Company. You've got your year Trading Company. You've got your year round Christmas shop. You got your candy round Christmas shop. You got your candy round Christmas shop. You got your candy store. You got Ocean Traders for even store. You got Ocean Traders for even store. You got Ocean Traders for even more last minute souvenirs and apparel. more last minute souvenirs and apparel. more last minute souvenirs and apparel. Basically, if you need a break from all Basically, if you need a break from all Basically, if you need a break from all the rides, Port of Entry is a great the rides, Port of Entry is a great the rides, Port of Entry is a great place to chill for a little bit. Hot tip place to chill for a little bit. Hot tip place to chill for a little bit. Hot tip here. Several shops in the port of entry here. Several shops in the port of entry here. Several shops in the port of entry area tend to stay open for a while after area tend to stay open for a while after area tend to stay open for a while after Islands of Adventure closes. So, if you Islands of Adventure closes. So, if you Islands of Adventure closes. So, if you want to hang out in the park a little want to hang out in the park a little want to hang out in the park a little while longer and finish your souvenir while longer and finish your souvenir while longer and finish your souvenir shopping while everyone else heads back shopping while everyone else heads back shopping while everyone else heads back to the parking garages, those port of to the parking garages, those port of to the parking garages, those port of entry stores will welcome you on in for entry stores will welcome you on in for entry stores will welcome you on in for an extra 30 to 60 minutes after an extra 30 to 60 minutes after an extra 30 to 60 minutes after everything else goes dark for the day. everything else goes dark for the day. everything else goes dark for the day. If you're wondering why Disney World has If you're wondering why Disney World has If you're wondering why Disney World has a severe lack of Marvel hero a severe lack of Marvel hero a severe lack of Marvel hero representation, you can blame Islands of representation, you can blame Islands of representation, you can blame Islands of Adventures Marvel superhero Island for Adventures Marvel superhero Island for Adventures Marvel superhero Island for that. The whole Marvel versus Marvel that. The whole Marvel versus Marvel that. The whole Marvel versus Marvel thing is a big long story, but just to thing is a big long story, but just to thing is a big long story, but just to give you the tip of the legalistic give you the tip of the legalistic give you the tip of the legalistic iceberg here, there's a licensing iceberg here, there's a licensing iceberg here, there's a licensing situation where Universal Studios is situation where Universal Studios is situation where Universal Studios is allowed to keep its rights to the Marvel allowed to keep its rights to the Marvel allowed to keep its rights to the Marvel characters thanks to an agreement signed characters thanks to an agreement signed characters thanks to an agreement signed in 1994 between Marvel and MCA Inc., in 1994 between Marvel and MCA Inc., in 1994 between Marvel and MCA Inc., that's the Musical Corporation of that's the Musical Corporation of that's the Musical Corporation of America. That being said, this agreement America. That being said, this agreement America. That being said, this agreement only grants Universal the rights to a only grants Universal the rights to a only grants Universal the rights to a chunk of the Marvel universe, not all of chunk of the Marvel universe, not all of chunk of the Marvel universe, not all of it. Universal can only use the old it. Universal can only use the old it. Universal can only use the old school comic versions of these school comic versions of these school comic versions of these characters and can't use any of Disney's characters and can't use any of Disney's characters and can't use any of Disney's updated MCU influences. Meanwhile, since updated MCU influences. Meanwhile, since updated MCU influences. Meanwhile, since Islands of Adventure uses Marvel Islands of Adventure uses Marvel Islands of Adventure uses Marvel characters like Spider-Man and Hulk for characters like Spider-Man and Hulk for characters like Spider-Man and Hulk for their Marvel superhero island, Disney their Marvel superhero island, Disney their Marvel superhero island, Disney World can't touch those. But since the World can't touch those. But since the World can't touch those. But since the Universal in California doesn't have a Universal in California doesn't have a Universal in California doesn't have a Marvel section, all those Marvel Marvel section, all those Marvel Marvel section, all those Marvel characters are pretty much free game for characters are pretty much free game for characters are pretty much free game for Disneyland and Disney California Disneyland and Disney California Disneyland and Disney California Adventure. That's why Marvel Superhero Adventure. That's why Marvel Superhero Adventure. That's why Marvel Superhero Island looks like a retro Marvel fever Island looks like a retro Marvel fever Island looks like a retro Marvel fever dream. But we're not mad about it. It's dream. But we're not mad about it. It's dream. But we're not mad about it. It's colorful and whimsical, over-the-top, colorful and whimsical, over-the-top, colorful and whimsical, over-the-top, and a whole lot of fun. Of course, the and a whole lot of fun. Of course, the and a whole lot of fun. Of course, the rides are the biggest draw of this rides are the biggest draw of this rides are the biggest draw of this location. You got some major thrills location. You got some major thrills location. You got some major thrills here, starting with the incredible Hulk here, starting with the incredible Hulk here, starting with the incredible Hulk coaster. Now, this isn't for the week of coaster. Now, this isn't for the week of coaster. Now, this isn't for the week of adrenaline. You'll blast out of a gamma adrenaline. You'll blast out of a gamma adrenaline. You'll blast out of a gamma ray tunnel and ride into some major ray tunnel and ride into some major ray tunnel and ride into some major drops and upside down loops. You've also drops and upside down loops. You've also drops and upside down loops. You've also got Dr. Doom's Fearfall, a drop ride got Dr. Doom's Fearfall, a drop ride got Dr. Doom's Fearfall, a drop ride that always freaks me out because it that always freaks me out because it that always freaks me out because it shoots you up in the air before the shoots you up in the air before the shoots you up in the air before the countdown voice stops. So, here's your countdown voice stops. So, here's your countdown voice stops. So, here's your fair warning about that now so you can fair warning about that now so you can fair warning about that now so you can be prepared to scream before the be prepared to scream before the be prepared to scream before the countdown wraps up. For something a countdown wraps up. For something a countdown wraps up. For something a little more chill, maybe depends on how little more chill, maybe depends on how little more chill, maybe depends on how you ride it and who you're riding with. you ride it and who you're riding with. you ride it and who you're riding with. Storm Forest Acceleration is another one Storm Forest Acceleration is another one Storm Forest Acceleration is another one of those spinning teacuplike rides, of those spinning teacuplike rides, of those spinning teacuplike rides, which might be a good way for younger which might be a good way for younger which might be a good way for younger kids to pass the time while waiting for kids to pass the time while waiting for kids to pass the time while waiting for the older ones to get off the bigger the older ones to get off the bigger the older ones to get off the bigger rides that they're not tall enough for rides that they're not tall enough for rides that they're not tall enough for yet. But my favorite ride in this area yet. But my favorite ride in this area yet. But my favorite ride in this area is the 4D attraction, The Amazing is the 4D attraction, The Amazing is the 4D attraction, The Amazing Adventures of Spider-Man. There's a lot Adventures of Spider-Man. There's a lot Adventures of Spider-Man. There's a lot going on in this ride that goes even going on in this ride that goes even going on in this ride that goes even beyond the 3D storytelling. [music] beyond the 3D storytelling. [music] beyond the 3D storytelling. [music] You got physical set pieces and You got physical set pieces and You got physical set pieces and vibrations and lights and water effects vibrations and lights and water effects vibrations and lights and water effects and pyrochnics and quite a few thrills, and pyrochnics and quite a few thrills, and pyrochnics and quite a few thrills, too. To be completely honest with you, I too. To be completely honest with you, I too. To be completely honest with you, I think the Amazing Adventures of think the Amazing Adventures of think the Amazing Adventures of Spider-Man attraction is better than any Spider-Man attraction is better than any Spider-Man attraction is better than any of the 3D attractions over at the of the 3D attractions over at the of the 3D attractions over at the neighboring Universal Studios Florida neighboring Universal Studios Florida neighboring Universal Studios Florida Park. But that might just be a hot take Park. But that might just be a hot take Park. But that might just be a hot take on my end. Let me know in the comments on my end. Let me know in the comments on my end. Let me know in the comments if you agree. Now, here's a hidden gem. if you agree. Now, here's a hidden gem. if you agree. Now, here's a hidden gem. Stan Lee, the comic book writer, editor, Stan Lee, the comic book writer, editor, Stan Lee, the comic book writer, editor, publisher, and producer who basically publisher, and producer who basically publisher, and producer who basically created the Marvel universe, pops up created the Marvel universe, pops up created the Marvel universe, pops up four times during the Amazing Adventures four times during the Amazing Adventures four times during the Amazing Adventures of Spider-Man ride. The very first time of Spider-Man ride. The very first time of Spider-Man ride. The very first time you'll see him, he's going to be the you'll see him, he's going to be the you'll see him, he's going to be the truck driver that almost crashes into truck driver that almost crashes into truck driver that almost crashes into your car towards the beginning of your your car towards the beginning of your your car towards the beginning of your journey. Superhero Island isn't exactly journey. Superhero Island isn't exactly journey. Superhero Island isn't exactly a place I'd prioritize eating in by any a place I'd prioritize eating in by any a place I'd prioritize eating in by any means, but I will say this. Cafe 4, means, but I will say this. Cafe 4, means, but I will say this. Cafe 4, which is a cafeteria style dining which is a cafeteria style dining which is a cafeteria style dining experience themed around Marvel's experience themed around Marvel's experience themed around Marvel's Fantastic 4, has a Marvel character Fantastic 4, has a Marvel character Fantastic 4, has a Marvel character dining experience that takes place for dining experience that takes place for dining experience that takes place for dinner on Thursdays and Sundays starting dinner on Thursdays and Sundays starting dinner on Thursdays and Sundays starting at 5:00 p.m. Characters vary, but at 5:00 p.m. Characters vary, but at 5:00 p.m. Characters vary, but typically you're going to be able to typically you're going to be able to typically you're going to be able to meet and greet with heroes like Captain meet and greet with heroes like Captain meet and greet with heroes like Captain America, Spider-Man, Wolverine, Cyclops, America, Spider-Man, Wolverine, Cyclops, America, Spider-Man, Wolverine, Cyclops, Storm, and Rogue. You can book these Storm, and Rogue. You can book these Storm, and Rogue. You can book these reservations online or by calling reservations online or by calling reservations online or by calling Now, hot tip. If you're a comic book Now, hot tip. If you're a comic book Now, hot tip. If you're a comic book collector, or at the very least a comic collector, or at the very least a comic collector, or at the very least a comic book appreciator who loves to see book appreciator who loves to see book appreciator who loves to see printed comics still going strong, the printed comics still going strong, the printed comics still going strong, the comic book shop inside Superhero Island comic book shop inside Superhero Island comic book shop inside Superhero Island has a wall of graphic novels and comics has a wall of graphic novels and comics has a wall of graphic novels and comics featuring the latest issues straight out featuring the latest issues straight out featuring the latest issues straight out of the Marvel comic realm. If you're sad of the Marvel comic realm. If you're sad of the Marvel comic realm. If you're sad about Jurassic Park Adventure being down about Jurassic Park Adventure being down about Jurassic Park Adventure being down for most of the year simply because you for most of the year simply because you for most of the year simply because you were looking forward to riding a water were looking forward to riding a water were looking forward to riding a water ride that'll leave you absolutely ride that'll leave you absolutely ride that'll leave you absolutely drenched, then don't be. The real drenched, then don't be. The real drenched, then don't be. The real drenching water rides are all in Tune drenching water rides are all in Tune drenching water rides are all in Tune Lagoon. And believe me when I say no Lagoon. And believe me when I say no Lagoon. And believe me when I say no one, and I mean no one, gets off these one, and I mean no one, gets off these one, and I mean no one, gets off these water rides unscathed and unsoaked. Toon water rides unscathed and unsoaked. Toon water rides unscathed and unsoaked. Toon Lagoon is another retro comic style Lagoon is another retro comic style Lagoon is another retro comic style island, but the retro comics here are island, but the retro comics here are island, but the retro comics here are less heroic and more about the classic less heroic and more about the classic less heroic and more about the classic Sunday funnies. Think characters like Sunday funnies. Think characters like Sunday funnies. Think characters like Dagwood and Popeye, Betty Boob, Family Dagwood and Popeye, Betty Boob, Family Dagwood and Popeye, Betty Boob, Family Circus, Rocky and Bullwinkle, and Woody Circus, Rocky and Bullwinkle, and Woody Circus, Rocky and Bullwinkle, and Woody Woodpecker. You know, the classics that Woodpecker. You know, the classics that Woodpecker. You know, the classics that kids might be unfamiliar with now, but kids might be unfamiliar with now, but kids might be unfamiliar with now, but they'll still learn to love this land they'll still learn to love this land they'll still learn to love this land simply because it's whimsical and simply because it's whimsical and simply because it's whimsical and colorful and silly and offers up some of colorful and silly and offers up some of colorful and silly and offers up some of the best theme park water rides ever. the best theme park water rides ever. the best theme park water rides ever. Take Popeye and Blue's Bill Barges for Take Popeye and Blue's Bill Barges for Take Popeye and Blue's Bill Barges for instance, which is not just fun to say, instance, which is not just fun to say, instance, which is not just fun to say, it's actually fun to ride. Between it's actually fun to ride. Between it's actually fun to ride. Between Popeye's intense rapids, multiple Popeye's intense rapids, multiple Popeye's intense rapids, multiple waterfalls, and surprise water features, waterfalls, and surprise water features, waterfalls, and surprise water features, the chances of you walking off this one the chances of you walking off this one the chances of you walking off this one not feeling like your clothes have not feeling like your clothes have not feeling like your clothes have gotten 5 lbs heavier due to all the gotten 5 lbs heavier due to all the gotten 5 lbs heavier due to all the water they've soaked up are very slim. water they've soaked up are very slim. water they've soaked up are very slim. Then there's Dudley Durright's Ripoff Then there's Dudley Durright's Ripoff Then there's Dudley Durright's Ripoff Falls, a log flume ride with a major Falls, a log flume ride with a major Falls, a log flume ride with a major grand finale, a drop that'll send you grand finale, a drop that'll send you grand finale, a drop that'll send you plummeting 75 feet into a huge splash of plummeting 75 feet into a huge splash of plummeting 75 feet into a huge splash of water. Just for comparison's sake, water. Just for comparison's sake, water. Just for comparison's sake, Tiana's Bayou Adventure in Magic Kingdom Tiana's Bayou Adventure in Magic Kingdom Tiana's Bayou Adventure in Magic Kingdom is a 50ft drop toward the ride's is a 50ft drop toward the ride's is a 50ft drop toward the ride's conclusion. So, this log flumes even conclusion. So, this log flumes even conclusion. So, this log flumes even bigger than what Disney World can offer bigger than what Disney World can offer bigger than what Disney World can offer up. Hidden gem here. This land is all up. Hidden gem here. This land is all up. Hidden gem here. This land is all about the sight gags and puns, so be on about the sight gags and puns, so be on about the sight gags and puns, so be on the lookout for silly Easter eggs the lookout for silly Easter eggs the lookout for silly Easter eggs everywhere. One of my favorites is the everywhere. One of my favorites is the everywhere. One of my favorites is the one you're going to find peeking out one you're going to find peeking out one you're going to find peeking out above the water as you're strolling the above the water as you're strolling the above the water as you're strolling the walking path toward the back of the walking path toward the back of the walking path toward the back of the land. It's a school of fish, but like an land. It's a school of fish, but like an land. It's a school of fish, but like an actual physical school that's tiny and actual physical school that's tiny and actual physical school that's tiny and cute and silly. I love it. [snorts] cute and silly. I love it. [snorts] cute and silly. I love it. [snorts] Again, dining here isn't anything to Again, dining here isn't anything to Again, dining here isn't anything to write home about. Between Comic Strip write home about. Between Comic Strip write home about. Between Comic Strip Cafe, Blondies, and Wimpies, you'll find Cafe, Blondies, and Wimpies, you'll find Cafe, Blondies, and Wimpies, you'll find pretty run-of-the-mill theme park eats pretty run-of-the-mill theme park eats pretty run-of-the-mill theme park eats here. Sandwiches, pasta dishes, etc. here. Sandwiches, pasta dishes, etc. here. Sandwiches, pasta dishes, etc. That being said, these places are still That being said, these places are still That being said, these places are still good for picky eaters or bigger groups good for picky eaters or bigger groups good for picky eaters or bigger groups who need a location or two that'll who need a location or two that'll who need a location or two that'll satisfy a variety of different pallets. satisfy a variety of different pallets. satisfy a variety of different pallets. Hot tip, find the speech bubble props Hot tip, find the speech bubble props Hot tip, find the speech bubble props around the land and stand under them. around the land and stand under them. around the land and stand under them. They make fun and funny photo ops, They make fun and funny photo ops, They make fun and funny photo ops, transforming you into a fellow comic transforming you into a fellow comic transforming you into a fellow comic character yourself. Literally, there's character yourself. Literally, there's character yourself. Literally, there's only one main attraction in Skull only one main attraction in Skull only one main attraction in Skull Island. One, [music] and that's Skull Island. One, [music] and that's Skull Island. One, [music] and that's Skull Island: Reign of Kong. Reign of Kong is Island: Reign of Kong. Reign of Kong is Island: Reign of Kong. Reign of Kong is set up very similarly to Fast and set up very similarly to Fast and set up very similarly to Fast and Furious Supercharged over in Universal Furious Supercharged over in Universal Furious Supercharged over in Universal Studios Florida, but it's not nearly as Studios Florida, but it's not nearly as Studios Florida, but it's not nearly as lame as Fast and Furious. Sorry if I lame as Fast and Furious. Sorry if I lame as Fast and Furious. Sorry if I have any Fast and Furious Supercharged have any Fast and Furious Supercharged have any Fast and Furious Supercharged fans out there. I know it's got a cult fans out there. I know it's got a cult fans out there. I know it's got a cult following. You're allowed to love what following. You're allowed to love what following. You're allowed to love what you love, and I'm still going to be you love, and I'm still going to be you love, and I'm still going to be friends with you. I just don't friends with you. I just don't friends with you. I just don't particularly love this one. But during particularly love this one. But during particularly love this one. But during Reign of Kong, you'll board a tram and Reign of Kong, you'll board a tram and Reign of Kong, you'll board a tram and drive into different screenbased scenes drive into different screenbased scenes drive into different screenbased scenes that'll make you feel like you're in the that'll make you feel like you're in the that'll make you feel like you're in the middle of the action without any super middle of the action without any super middle of the action without any super thrilling roller coaster-like action thrilling roller coaster-like action thrilling roller coaster-like action actually going on. [music] 90% of this actually going on. [music] 90% of this actually going on. [music] 90% of this ride is screens, but the 10% that aren't ride is screens, but the 10% that aren't ride is screens, but the 10% that aren't screens are actually the coolest part screens are actually the coolest part screens are actually the coolest part about this attraction, cuz at the ride's about this attraction, cuz at the ride's about this attraction, cuz at the ride's conclusion, you're going to come face to conclusion, you're going to come face to conclusion, you're going to come face to face with a massive King Kong face with a massive King Kong face with a massive King Kong animatronic, and he is awesome. Hot tip, animatronic, and he is awesome. Hot tip, animatronic, and he is awesome. Hot tip, check the nearby mess tent for check the nearby mess tent for check the nearby mess tent for surprisingly interesting snacks, surprisingly interesting snacks, surprisingly interesting snacks, including a banana icy. That's highly including a banana icy. That's highly including a banana icy. That's highly appropriate for an area themed after a appropriate for an area themed after a appropriate for an area themed after a giant gorilla. Get ready for a whole lot giant gorilla. Get ready for a whole lot giant gorilla. Get ready for a whole lot of dinosaur DNA. Well, except for the of dinosaur DNA. Well, except for the of dinosaur DNA. Well, except for the dinosaur DNA that's usually over at dinosaur DNA that's usually over at dinosaur DNA that's usually over at River Adventure, but I already broke River Adventure, but I already broke River Adventure, but I already broke that news to you, so no use pouring salt that news to you, so no use pouring salt that news to you, so no use pouring salt on an open wound. Jurassic Park has one on an open wound. Jurassic Park has one on an open wound. Jurassic Park has one of the most epic coasters in not just of the most epic coasters in not just of the most epic coasters in not just the Universal universe, but of all time. the Universal universe, but of all time. the Universal universe, but of all time. Veloca Coaster is a high-speed, [music] Veloca Coaster is a high-speed, [music] Veloca Coaster is a high-speed, [music] adrenaline-inducing roller coaster adrenaline-inducing roller coaster adrenaline-inducing roller coaster that's going to have you attempting to that's going to have you attempting to that's going to have you attempting to outrun Velociraptors. Good luck, buddy. outrun Velociraptors. Good luck, buddy. outrun Velociraptors. Good luck, buddy. With its multiple launches and upside With its multiple launches and upside With its multiple launches and upside down loops and cork screws and major down loops and cork screws and major down loops and cork screws and major drops and hang time and other features drops and hang time and other features drops and hang time and other features that'll literally take your breath away, that'll literally take your breath away, that'll literally take your breath away, the ride's definitely for the big kids, the ride's definitely for the big kids, the ride's definitely for the big kids, but younger kiddos are also going to but younger kiddos are also going to but younger kiddos are also going to find a lot to do around the Jurassic find a lot to do around the Jurassic find a lot to do around the Jurassic Park area, too. If you're looking for Park area, too. If you're looking for Park area, too. If you're looking for something for the younger kids to do something for the younger kids to do something for the younger kids to do that doesn't involve waiting in another that doesn't involve waiting in another that doesn't involve waiting in another ride line, check out Camp Jurassic. This ride line, check out Camp Jurassic. This ride line, check out Camp Jurassic. This is a large jungle themed playground is a large jungle themed playground is a large jungle themed playground where you and your kids can crawl where you and your kids can crawl where you and your kids can crawl through caves and climb nuts and spray through caves and climb nuts and spray through caves and climb nuts and spray water cannons. You can traverse rope water cannons. You can traverse rope water cannons. You can traverse rope bridges and do a whole lot of other bridges and do a whole lot of other bridges and do a whole lot of other physical challenges that'll wear you physical challenges that'll wear you physical challenges that'll wear you both out pretty quick. Maybe possibly both out pretty quick. Maybe possibly both out pretty quick. Maybe possibly they wear me out, but I'll blame the sun they wear me out, but I'll blame the sun they wear me out, but I'll blame the sun and constant sweat on that one. The and constant sweat on that one. The and constant sweat on that one. The Jurassic Park Discovery Center is Jurassic Park Discovery Center is Jurassic Park Discovery Center is another interactive area that's indoors another interactive area that's indoors another interactive area that's indoors in case you need to get out of the in case you need to get out of the in case you need to get out of the Orlando sun for a little bit. But this Orlando sun for a little bit. But this Orlando sun for a little bit. But this is less climbing and crawling, and more is less climbing and crawling, and more is less climbing and crawling, and more about immersive exhibits that'll test about immersive exhibits that'll test about immersive exhibits that'll test your DNA, have you competing in various your DNA, have you competing in various your DNA, have you competing in various dino games, ooing and aawing over the dino games, ooing and aawing over the dino games, ooing and aawing over the towering T-Rex fossils. You can even towering T-Rex fossils. You can even towering T-Rex fossils. You can even watch little velociaptor eggs hatch in watch little velociaptor eggs hatch in watch little velociaptor eggs hatch in the nursery. So non-threatening. Now, the nursery. So non-threatening. Now, the nursery. So non-threatening. Now, hidden gem. In the first Jurassic Park hidden gem. In the first Jurassic Park hidden gem. In the first Jurassic Park film, one of the main antagonists, film, one of the main antagonists, film, one of the main antagonists, Dennis Nudgery, hides dinosaur embryos Dennis Nudgery, hides dinosaur embryos Dennis Nudgery, hides dinosaur embryos in a container disguised as a can of in a container disguised as a can of in a container disguised as a can of Barbasol shaving cream. Now, look out Barbasol shaving cream. Now, look out Barbasol shaving cream. Now, look out for the can inside the Jurassic Park for the can inside the Jurassic Park for the can inside the Jurassic Park Discovery Center tucked away on one of Discovery Center tucked away on one of Discovery Center tucked away on one of the shelves. So, I'd say this is a much the shelves. So, I'd say this is a much the shelves. So, I'd say this is a much better place to grab some drink and food better place to grab some drink and food better place to grab some drink and food during your day versus other island during your day versus other island during your day versus other island offerings like you'll find at the Marvel offerings like you'll find at the Marvel offerings like you'll find at the Marvel Superhero and Toon Lagoon situations. Superhero and Toon Lagoon situations. Superhero and Toon Lagoon situations. While Marvel and Toon Lagoon are more While Marvel and Toon Lagoon are more While Marvel and Toon Lagoon are more about the basic theme park eats, you're about the basic theme park eats, you're about the basic theme park eats, you're going to find a few more interesting going to find a few more interesting going to find a few more interesting options in the Jurassic scene. options in the Jurassic scene. options in the Jurassic scene. Thunderfalls Terrace, for example, is a Thunderfalls Terrace, for example, is a Thunderfalls Terrace, for example, is a quick service that has a giant dining quick service that has a giant dining quick service that has a giant dining room as well as giant portions on the room as well as giant portions on the room as well as giant portions on the menu. You can choose from entre like rib menu. You can choose from entre like rib menu. You can choose from entre like rib platters, rice bowls, prehistoric raptor platters, rice bowls, prehistoric raptor platters, rice bowls, prehistoric raptor wings, and even a rotisserie chicken. wings, and even a rotisserie chicken. wings, and even a rotisserie chicken. For all you major carnivores out there, For all you major carnivores out there, For all you major carnivores out there, if you're still on the hunt for the more if you're still on the hunt for the more if you're still on the hunt for the more typical theme park eats to make your typical theme park eats to make your typical theme park eats to make your picky eaters happy, the Burger Digs, picky eaters happy, the Burger Digs, picky eaters happy, the Burger Digs, located on the top floor of the Jurassic located on the top floor of the Jurassic located on the top floor of the Jurassic Park Discovery Center and Pizza Predator Park Discovery Center and Pizza Predator Park Discovery Center and Pizza Predator will be your best places for more will be your best places for more will be your best places for more familiar bites of food. You can probably familiar bites of food. You can probably familiar bites of food. You can probably guess pretty well what's available at guess pretty well what's available at guess pretty well what's available at those two locations. Now, if you're those two locations. Now, if you're those two locations. Now, if you're looking for a unique adult beverage looking for a unique adult beverage looking for a unique adult beverage inside Islands of Adventure, I will say inside Islands of Adventure, I will say inside Islands of Adventure, I will say there's an exclusive IPA called the there's an exclusive IPA called the there's an exclusive IPA called the Jurassic World Isla Nublar IPA that's Jurassic World Isla Nublar IPA that's Jurassic World Isla Nublar IPA that's pretty wellnown amongst Universal fans. pretty wellnown amongst Universal fans. pretty wellnown amongst Universal fans. This uses Citra and Mosaic Hops with a This uses Citra and Mosaic Hops with a This uses Citra and Mosaic Hops with a small amount of orange and grapefruit small amount of orange and grapefruit small amount of orange and grapefruit and pineapple juice to give it a and pineapple juice to give it a and pineapple juice to give it a refreshing and tropical flare. refreshing and tropical flare. refreshing and tropical flare. Typically, you can find this brew on tap Typically, you can find this brew on tap Typically, you can find this brew on tap inside the Burger Digs, Thunderfalls inside the Burger Digs, Thunderfalls inside the Burger Digs, Thunderfalls [music] Terrace, and Watering Hole, and [music] Terrace, and Watering Hole, and [music] Terrace, and Watering Hole, and Natural Selections. Now, hot tip. Now Natural Selections. Now, hot tip. Now Natural Selections. Now, hot tip. Now that you've seen a velociraptor hatch that you've seen a velociraptor hatch that you've seen a velociraptor hatch out of an egg, consider meeting one over out of an egg, consider meeting one over out of an egg, consider meeting one over at the raptor encounter for a quick at the raptor encounter for a quick at the raptor encounter for a quick photo. Warning though, they do get a photo. Warning though, they do get a photo. Warning though, they do get a little feisty, so watch out. Do you hear little feisty, so watch out. Do you hear little feisty, so watch out. Do you hear that? That's the sound of the Hogwarts that? That's the sound of the Hogwarts that? That's the sound of the Hogwarts Express pulling into the station to Express pulling into the station to Express pulling into the station to welcome you home. The Wizarding World of welcome you home. The Wizarding World of welcome you home. The Wizarding World of Harry Potter Hogsme was a gamecher for Harry Potter Hogsme was a gamecher for Harry Potter Hogsme was a gamecher for Universal when it first opened inside Universal when it first opened inside Universal when it first opened inside this park way back in 2010. cuz suddenly this park way back in 2010. cuz suddenly this park way back in 2010. cuz suddenly we've realized that yeah, Universal can we've realized that yeah, Universal can we've realized that yeah, Universal can be just as immersive as Disney, if not be just as immersive as Disney, if not be just as immersive as Disney, if not more so when it wants to. There are more so when it wants to. There are more so when it wants to. There are three Wizarding Worlds across the three three Wizarding Worlds across the three three Wizarding Worlds across the three Universal Orlando parks, but the Universal Orlando parks, but the Universal Orlando parks, but the Wizarding World in Islands of Adventure Wizarding World in Islands of Adventure Wizarding World in Islands of Adventure is the keeper of the Hogwarts castle. is the keeper of the Hogwarts castle. is the keeper of the Hogwarts castle. Much like I feel about the Wizarding Much like I feel about the Wizarding Much like I feel about the Wizarding World over in Universal Studios Florida, World over in Universal Studios Florida, World over in Universal Studios Florida, you could easily spend the bulk of your you could easily spend the bulk of your you could easily spend the bulk of your day in this Wizarding World, too, if day in this Wizarding World, too, if day in this Wizarding World, too, if you're cool with battling those peak you're cool with battling those peak you're cool with battling those peak afternoon crowds. This is the Wizarding afternoon crowds. This is the Wizarding afternoon crowds. This is the Wizarding World that currently has the most rides World that currently has the most rides World that currently has the most rides available, including the Forbidden available, including the Forbidden available, including the Forbidden Journey, which is one of those rare Journey, which is one of those rare Journey, which is one of those rare theme park rides where the queue is just theme park rides where the queue is just theme park rides where the queue is just as entertaining as the ride itself. as entertaining as the ride itself. as entertaining as the ride itself. Since you'll get to walk through the Since you'll get to walk through the Since you'll get to walk through the classrooms and corridors of the Hogwarts classrooms and corridors of the Hogwarts classrooms and corridors of the Hogwarts castle. When you're on the ride, your castle. When you're on the ride, your castle. When you're on the ride, your vehicle will be tossed about via this vehicle will be tossed about via this vehicle will be tossed about via this robo crane arm technology, thrusting you robo crane arm technology, thrusting you robo crane arm technology, thrusting you into different Harry Potter scenarios into different Harry Potter scenarios into different Harry Potter scenarios that'll make you face off with dragons that'll make you face off with dragons that'll make you face off with dragons and spiders and dementors and Draco and spiders and dementors and Draco and spiders and dementors and Draco Malfoy on the Quidditch Field. Then Malfoy on the Quidditch Field. Then Malfoy on the Quidditch Field. Then there's Flight of the Hippogri, a there's Flight of the Hippogri, a there's Flight of the Hippogri, a family-friendly kitty coaster similar to family-friendly kitty coaster similar to family-friendly kitty coaster similar to the troller coaster over in Universal the troller coaster over in Universal the troller coaster over in Universal Studios Florida. But I think I like Studios Florida. But I think I like Studios Florida. But I think I like Flight of the Hippogri better just Flight of the Hippogri better just Flight of the Hippogri better just because you can see Buck Beak. This is because you can see Buck Beak. This is because you can see Buck Beak. This is also where you'll find one of the two also where you'll find one of the two also where you'll find one of the two Hogwarts Express train [music] stations. Hogwarts Express train [music] stations. Hogwarts Express train [music] stations. The other station's located in Universal The other station's located in Universal The other station's located in Universal Studios Florida. Just keep in mind that Studios Florida. Just keep in mind that Studios Florida. Just keep in mind that you have to have a park to park ticket you have to have a park to park ticket you have to have a park to park ticket in order to ride this train since this in order to ride this train since this in order to ride this train since this Wizarding locomotive will transport you Wizarding locomotive will transport you Wizarding locomotive will transport you between the two parks. But of course, my between the two parks. But of course, my between the two parks. But of course, my all-time favorite ride in this area, and all-time favorite ride in this area, and all-time favorite ride in this area, and maybe just my favorite Universal Orlando maybe just my favorite Universal Orlando maybe just my favorite Universal Orlando coaster, period, is Hagrid's Magical coaster, period, is Hagrid's Magical coaster, period, is Hagrid's Magical Creatures Motorbike Adventure. Hence why Creatures Motorbike Adventure. Hence why Creatures Motorbike Adventure. Hence why I'm so excited about its new Express I'm so excited about its new Express I'm so excited about its new Express Pass option. This coaster features Pass option. This coaster features Pass option. This coaster features multiple launches, state-of-the-art multiple launches, state-of-the-art multiple launches, state-of-the-art animatronics, and thrilling ride animatronics, and thrilling ride animatronics, and thrilling ride elements that make sure this ride never elements that make sure this ride never elements that make sure this ride never hits a lull from beginning to end. If hits a lull from beginning to end. If hits a lull from beginning to end. If you're using Express Pass during your you're using Express Pass during your you're using Express Pass during your Islands of Adventure day, I'd hit up Islands of Adventure day, I'd hit up Islands of Adventure day, I'd hit up this ride as soon as you can, right when this ride as soon as you can, right when this ride as soon as you can, right when the park opens or even before that if the park opens or even before that if the park opens or even before that if you're using early park admission that you're using early park admission that you're using early park admission that comes along with your Universal Hotel comes along with your Universal Hotel comes along with your Universal Hotel stay. Early park admission is available stay. Early park admission is available stay. Early park admission is available on select days across certain park on select days across certain park on select days across certain park sections and lets you get an extra hour sections and lets you get an extra hour sections and lets you get an extra hour inside said sections before the park inside said sections before the park inside said sections before the park opens up to the general public. Now, I'm opens up to the general public. Now, I'm opens up to the general public. Now, I'm all about the Three Broomsticks quick all about the Three Broomsticks quick all about the Three Broomsticks quick service here. You got lots of British service here. You got lots of British service here. You got lots of British pub food to choose from, including pub food to choose from, including pub food to choose from, including hearty options like meat platters and hearty options like meat platters and hearty options like meat platters and shephardd's pie and fish and chips and shephardd's pie and fish and chips and shephardd's pie and fish and chips and something called The Great Feast. This something called The Great Feast. This something called The Great Feast. This is $75 and The Great Feast serves up to is $75 and The Great Feast serves up to is $75 and The Great Feast serves up to four guests and features a bountiful four guests and features a bountiful four guests and features a bountiful combination of rotisserie smoked combination of rotisserie smoked combination of rotisserie smoked chicken, spare ribs, corn on the cob, chicken, spare ribs, corn on the cob, chicken, spare ribs, corn on the cob, roasted root vegetables, sauteed roasted root vegetables, sauteed roasted root vegetables, sauteed broccoli, and roasted potatoes. You can broccoli, and roasted potatoes. You can broccoli, and roasted potatoes. You can also get butterbeer here because also get butterbeer here because also get butterbeer here because remember, wizards can't have normal remember, wizards can't have normal remember, wizards can't have normal muggle soda. So muggles like me are muggle soda. So muggles like me are muggle soda. So muggles like me are stuck drinking wizard brew until we stuck drinking wizard brew until we stuck drinking wizard brew until we leave this landing and track down the leave this landing and track down the leave this landing and track down the nearest Coke freestyle machine, unless nearest Coke freestyle machine, unless nearest Coke freestyle machine, unless we bring our own, which we always do. we bring our own, which we always do. we bring our own, which we always do. But yes, you'll find no shortage of But yes, you'll find no shortage of But yes, you'll find no shortage of butterbeer in Hogsme. There are two butterbeer in Hogsme. There are two butterbeer in Hogsme. There are two butterbeer carts out in the open, one in butterbeer carts out in the open, one in butterbeer carts out in the open, one in front of Hagrids and the other by the front of Hagrids and the other by the front of Hagrids and the other by the bridge heading toward Jurassic Park, but bridge heading toward Jurassic Park, but bridge heading toward Jurassic Park, but these carts are only going to serve up these carts are only going to serve up these carts are only going to serve up the frozen butterbeer variety. Plus, the the frozen butterbeer variety. Plus, the the frozen butterbeer variety. Plus, the lines for them can get pretty lengthy by lines for them can get pretty lengthy by lines for them can get pretty lengthy by midday. [music] midday. [music] midday. [music] So, if you want a regular cold So, if you want a regular cold So, if you want a regular cold butterbeer or even a hot version, it's butterbeer or even a hot version, it's butterbeer or even a hot version, it's better to just order a cup from Hogs better to just order a cup from Hogs better to just order a cup from Hogs Head Pub in the back of Three Head Pub in the back of Three Head Pub in the back of Three Broomsticks, which will give you a Broomsticks, which will give you a Broomsticks, which will give you a shorter wait. [music] Anyways, there's a shorter wait. [music] Anyways, there's a shorter wait. [music] Anyways, there's a hot tip. Looking for a bit of live hot tip. Looking for a bit of live hot tip. Looking for a bit of live entertainment during your Wizarding Day? entertainment during your Wizarding Day? entertainment during your Wizarding Day? Of course you are. Head over to Hogsme Of course you are. Head over to Hogsme Of course you are. Head over to Hogsme Town Center for regularly scheduled Town Center for regularly scheduled Town Center for regularly scheduled streetphere performances from the Tri- streetphere performances from the Tri- streetphere performances from the Tri- Wizard Spirit Rally and the Ever Wizard Spirit Rally and the Ever Wizard Spirit Rally and the Ever Charming Frog Choir. Now, even the Charming Frog Choir. Now, even the Charming Frog Choir. Now, even the shopping here is quite the experience. shopping here is quite the experience. shopping here is quite the experience. From Ollivander's wand shop, where you From Ollivander's wand shop, where you From Ollivander's wand shop, where you could become the next chosen wizard and could become the next chosen wizard and could become the next chosen wizard and have a wand choose you, to the magical have a wand choose you, to the magical have a wand choose you, to the magical sweet shop Honey Dukes, where you'll sweet shop Honey Dukes, where you'll sweet shop Honey Dukes, where you'll find authentic chocolate frogs, find authentic chocolate frogs, find authentic chocolate frogs, BirdieBots, every flavored beans, and BirdieBots, every flavored beans, and BirdieBots, every flavored beans, and more. Every store along the Hogsme strip more. Every store along the Hogsme strip more. Every store along the Hogsme strip is worth stepping into, even if you is worth stepping into, even if you is worth stepping into, even if you don't buy a thing, just to make your don't buy a thing, just to make your don't buy a thing, just to make your time here all the more immersive. Oh, time here all the more immersive. Oh, time here all the more immersive. Oh, and don't forget if you purchase one of and don't forget if you purchase one of and don't forget if you purchase one of the interactive Wizarding World wands the interactive Wizarding World wands the interactive Wizarding World wands from Ollivanders or one of the other from Ollivanders or one of the other from Ollivanders or one of the other Universal Orlando stores that sells Universal Orlando stores that sells Universal Orlando stores that sells them, you can go around and cast spells them, you can go around and cast spells them, you can go around and cast spells around Hogsme. Check the map that your around Hogsme. Check the map that your around Hogsme. Check the map that your wand comes with and track down all the wand comes with and track down all the wand comes with and track down all the locations where you can cause a little locations where you can cause a little locations where you can cause a little bit of wizarding mischief. Your wand bit of wizarding mischief. Your wand bit of wizarding mischief. Your wand will also work to cast spells in the will also work to cast spells in the will also work to cast spells in the other Universal Wizarding Worlds, too. other Universal Wizarding Worlds, too. other Universal Wizarding Worlds, too. Honestly, if you've got a big Potterhead Honestly, if you've got a big Potterhead Honestly, if you've got a big Potterhead in your family and you can only choose in your family and you can only choose in your family and you can only choose one of the Universal Orlando parks to one of the Universal Orlando parks to one of the Universal Orlando parks to visit during your trip, I would probably visit during your trip, I would probably visit during your trip, I would probably choose Islands of Adventure for Hogsme choose Islands of Adventure for Hogsme choose Islands of Adventure for Hogsme alone. You've got the castle, Hagrid's alone. You've got the castle, Hagrid's alone. You've got the castle, Hagrid's motorbikes, Buck Beak, so many shops, motorbikes, Buck Beak, so many shops, motorbikes, Buck Beak, so many shops, Harry Potter novelty suites and drinks, Harry Potter novelty suites and drinks, Harry Potter novelty suites and drinks, and just more of the classic Harry and just more of the classic Harry and just more of the classic Harry Potter vibes versus the other two Potter vibes versus the other two Potter vibes versus the other two Wizarding Worlds that are extremely Wizarding Worlds that are extremely Wizarding Worlds that are extremely impressive and highly immersive, but impressive and highly immersive, but impressive and highly immersive, but maybe not nearly as nostalgic in maybe not nearly as nostalgic in maybe not nearly as nostalgic in feeling. Hot tip for you. On select feeling. Hot tip for you. On select feeling. Hot tip for you. On select evenings, the Hogwarts castle puts on a evenings, the Hogwarts castle puts on a evenings, the Hogwarts castle puts on a projection show, and it is gorgeous. projection show, and it is gorgeous. projection show, and it is gorgeous. [music] [music] [music] Depending on the time of year, you might Depending on the time of year, you might Depending on the time of year, you might even get a different version of this even get a different version of this even get a different version of this show that goes along with the holiday show that goes along with the holiday show that goes along with the holiday season. But keep in mind that the season. But keep in mind that the season. But keep in mind that the projections aren't guaranteed nightly, projections aren't guaranteed nightly, projections aren't guaranteed nightly, so you'll want to check on the Universal so you'll want to check on the Universal so you'll want to check on the Universal website and Universal app to see if this website and Universal app to see if this website and Universal app to see if this is something you should be planning is something you should be planning is something you should be planning ahead for before your trip. Welcome to ahead for before your trip. Welcome to ahead for before your trip. Welcome to Seuss Landing, a colorful and whimsical Seuss Landing, a colorful and whimsical Seuss Landing, a colorful and whimsical place known for its Dr. Seuss place known for its Dr. Seuss place known for its Dr. Seuss characters, epic hoola celebrations, and characters, epic hoola celebrations, and characters, epic hoola celebrations, and some of my favorite theme park eats. Not some of my favorite theme park eats. Not some of my favorite theme park eats. Not kidding. The Seuss folks know what's up. kidding. The Seuss folks know what's up. kidding. The Seuss folks know what's up. This is definitely an area of the park This is definitely an area of the park This is definitely an area of the park that the younger kids of your group are that the younger kids of your group are that the younger kids of your group are going to enjoy, especially when it comes going to enjoy, especially when it comes going to enjoy, especially when it comes to the attractions. Hidden gem in the to the attractions. Hidden gem in the to the attractions. Hidden gem in the photo op area on Malberry Street and photo op area on Malberry Street and photo op area on Malberry Street and Seuss Landing. You can actually find Dr. Seuss Landing. You can actually find Dr. Seuss Landing. You can actually find Dr. Seuss himself in the area above the Seuss himself in the area above the Seuss himself in the area above the police officer. He is the dignitary on police officer. He is the dignitary on police officer. He is the dignitary on the left with glasses. Now, you've got the left with glasses. Now, you've got the left with glasses. Now, you've got four different rides to experience here. four different rides to experience here. four different rides to experience here. One Fish, Two Fish is an aerial carousel One Fish, Two Fish is an aerial carousel One Fish, Two Fish is an aerial carousel with fun surprise water features. The with fun surprise water features. The with fun surprise water features. The Carousell is a classic carousel ride for Carousell is a classic carousel ride for Carousell is a classic carousel ride for all ages, but instead of your all ages, but instead of your all ages, but instead of your traditional horses, you're going to be traditional horses, you're going to be traditional horses, you're going to be able to ride on the back of a Seuss able to ride on the back of a Seuss able to ride on the back of a Seuss creature. The Cat in the Hat dark ride creature. The Cat in the Hat dark ride creature. The Cat in the Hat dark ride makes me fear for my family safety every makes me fear for my family safety every makes me fear for my family safety every time one of those animatronics looks in time one of those animatronics looks in time one of those animatronics looks in our direction. [music] Do not tell me our direction. [music] Do not tell me our direction. [music] Do not tell me that this creature isn't basically a that this creature isn't basically a that this creature isn't basically a Five Nights at Freddy's character, Five Nights at Freddy's character, Five Nights at Freddy's character, because he is. And then there's the high because he is. And then there's the high because he is. And then there's the high in the sky Seuss trolley train ride, in the sky Seuss trolley train ride, in the sky Seuss trolley train ride, which my script writer, Bria, once said which my script writer, Bria, once said which my script writer, Bria, once said was the Islands of Adventure equivalent was the Islands of Adventure equivalent was the Islands of Adventure equivalent of Magic Kingdom's People Mover, which of Magic Kingdom's People Mover, which of Magic Kingdom's People Mover, which feels like a sin, but isn't completely feels like a sin, but isn't completely feels like a sin, but isn't completely wrong. So, I'll just leave it at that. wrong. So, I'll just leave it at that. wrong. So, I'll just leave it at that. But she's completely wrong. One of the But she's completely wrong. One of the But she's completely wrong. One of the main reasons she compared it to People main reasons she compared it to People main reasons she compared it to People Mover was because High in the Sky does Mover was because High in the Sky does Mover was because High in the Sky does take you over Seuss Landing, much like take you over Seuss Landing, much like take you over Seuss Landing, much like the People Mover takes you over the People Mover takes you over the People Mover takes you over Tomorrowland. But the People Mover is Tomorrowland. But the People Mover is Tomorrowland. But the People Mover is like 10 billion times better. The train like 10 billion times better. The train like 10 billion times better. The train even cuts across the top of the Circus even cuts across the top of the Circus even cuts across the top of the Circus Mcgherkus Cafe Stupendous Quick Service, Mcgherkus Cafe Stupendous Quick Service, Mcgherkus Cafe Stupendous Quick Service, which is super fun for train riders and which is super fun for train riders and which is super fun for train riders and cafe diners alike. But I guess this is cafe diners alike. But I guess this is cafe diners alike. But I guess this is as good a transition as any to start as good a transition as any to start as good a transition as any to start talking about the Seuss Landing food. talking about the Seuss Landing food. talking about the Seuss Landing food. Since we're already under the big top, Since we're already under the big top, Since we're already under the big top, let's give Circus Mgherkus a bit of a let's give Circus Mgherkus a bit of a let's give Circus Mgherkus a bit of a shout out. The food at Circus Mgherkus shout out. The food at Circus Mgherkus shout out. The food at Circus Mgherkus walked so that Minions Cafe over in walked so that Minions Cafe over in walked so that Minions Cafe over in Universal Studios Florida could run. Universal Studios Florida could run. Universal Studios Florida could run. You're going to see a lot of wacky and You're going to see a lot of wacky and You're going to see a lot of wacky and colorful stuff like the preposterous colorful stuff like the preposterous colorful stuff like the preposterous pokey noodle bowl with blue rice pokey noodle bowl with blue rice pokey noodle bowl with blue rice noodles. The cluckoodle waffle with noodles. The cluckoodle waffle with noodles. The cluckoodle waffle with handbredded chicken strips and handbredded chicken strips and handbredded chicken strips and peanut-shaped waffle that any elephant peanut-shaped waffle that any elephant peanut-shaped waffle that any elephant is bound to trample you for. Note, is bound to trample you for. Note, is bound to trample you for. Note, despite the shape, this waffle is not despite the shape, this waffle is not despite the shape, this waffle is not made with peanuts. The magician meatball made with peanuts. The magician meatball made with peanuts. The magician meatball cone, which has a splatter effect very cone, which has a splatter effect very cone, which has a splatter effect very similar to one of the entre Minions similar to one of the entre Minions similar to one of the entre Minions Cafe. And what could possibly be the Cafe. And what could possibly be the Cafe. And what could possibly be the cutest little cupcake I've ever seen, cutest little cupcake I've ever seen, cutest little cupcake I've ever seen, the caramel corn popcorn cupcake, which the caramel corn popcorn cupcake, which the caramel corn popcorn cupcake, which comes in this little popcorn packaging comes in this little popcorn packaging comes in this little popcorn packaging that's adorable. Now, this place is not that's adorable. Now, this place is not that's adorable. Now, this place is not why I say some of the food in Seuss why I say some of the food in Seuss why I say some of the food in Seuss Landing is really, really good. It's not Landing is really, really good. It's not Landing is really, really good. It's not over-the-top delicious, but it's not over-the-top delicious, but it's not over-the-top delicious, but it's not bad. More than anything, I think this bad. More than anything, I think this bad. More than anything, I think this place is going to be a blast for kids, place is going to be a blast for kids, place is going to be a blast for kids, and the prices aren't terrible for the and the prices aren't terrible for the and the prices aren't terrible for the portions you're getting. But if you are portions you're getting. But if you are portions you're getting. But if you are looking for even better food, or at looking for even better food, or at looking for even better food, or at least a hearty, savory snack, then I least a hearty, savory snack, then I least a hearty, savory snack, then I must ask you a very important question must ask you a very important question must ask you a very important question first. Do you like green eggs and ham? first. Do you like green eggs and ham? first. Do you like green eggs and ham? Do you like them, Sam? Green Eggs and Do you like them, Sam? Green Eggs and Do you like them, Sam? Green Eggs and Ham offers loaded tot varieties like Ham offers loaded tot varieties like Ham offers loaded tot varieties like cheeseburger, a new one, buffalo cheeseburger, a new one, buffalo cheeseburger, a new one, buffalo chicken, pizza, and even straight up chicken, pizza, and even straight up chicken, pizza, and even straight up green eggs and ham. But the Hooash green eggs and ham. But the Hooash green eggs and ham. But the Hooash option is my favorite of the bunch option is my favorite of the bunch option is my favorite of the bunch because this one serves your tots because this one serves your tots because this one serves your tots straight out of Hooash tin can. And straight out of Hooash tin can. And straight out of Hooash tin can. And really, how much more portable can you really, how much more portable can you really, how much more portable can you get? Despite its tin can container, all get? Despite its tin can container, all get? Despite its tin can container, all the ingredients are evenly dispersed the ingredients are evenly dispersed the ingredients are evenly dispersed instead of being solely loaded onto the instead of being solely loaded onto the instead of being solely loaded onto the top, meaning you get all that corn beef top, meaning you get all that corn beef top, meaning you get all that corn beef and onions and white cheese sauce and and onions and white cheese sauce and and onions and white cheese sauce and scallions in every bite. It's really, scallions in every bite. It's really, scallions in every bite. It's really, really good. Hot tip here. Out of all really good. Hot tip here. Out of all really good. Hot tip here. Out of all the Universal Orlando Park locations, the Universal Orlando Park locations, the Universal Orlando Park locations, Seuss Landing is the one that has the Seuss Landing is the one that has the Seuss Landing is the one that has the most holiday spirit every Christmas most holiday spirit every Christmas most holiday spirit every Christmas season. During holiday time, you can season. During holiday time, you can season. During holiday time, you can roam around Seuss Landing and chitchat roam around Seuss Landing and chitchat roam around Seuss Landing and chitchat with other Whoville residents. Or you with other Whoville residents. Or you with other Whoville residents. Or you can catch the Hul Grinch Spectacular, can catch the Hul Grinch Spectacular, can catch the Hul Grinch Spectacular, which is a live retelling of the classic which is a live retelling of the classic which is a live retelling of the classic Grinch story featuring a soundtrack Grinch story featuring a soundtrack Grinch story featuring a soundtrack recorded by Christmas music Legends of recorded by Christmas music Legends of recorded by Christmas music Legends of Mannheim Steamroller. But of course, the Mannheim Steamroller. But of course, the Mannheim Steamroller. But of course, the most popular holiday offering of the most popular holiday offering of the most popular holiday offering of the bunch is meeting the liveaction Grinch, bunch is meeting the liveaction Grinch, bunch is meeting the liveaction Grinch, who is a hoot and a half. If you come who is a hoot and a half. If you come who is a hoot and a half. If you come here to see the live action Grinch here to see the live action Grinch here to see the live action Grinch around the holidays, plan to rope drop around the holidays, plan to rope drop around the holidays, plan to rope drop that dude. Lines get as long as two that dude. Lines get as long as two that dude. Lines get as long as two hours. And on some days, Universal will hours. And on some days, Universal will hours. And on some days, Universal will also open up a virtual queue for him if also open up a virtual queue for him if also open up a virtual queue for him if the wait times get to be too long. So, the wait times get to be too long. So, the wait times get to be too long. So, open your Universal app right at the open your Universal app right at the open your Universal app right at the start of the day and see if the virtual start of the day and see if the virtual start of the day and see if the virtual queue might be running or not. And now, queue might be running or not. And now, queue might be running or not. And now, it's time to answer some of your it's time to answer some of your it's time to answer some of your trickiest Islands of Adventure questions trickiest Islands of Adventure questions trickiest Islands of Adventure questions that we've gathered up from the comments that we've gathered up from the comments that we've gathered up from the comments section of our past Universal Orlando section of our past Universal Orlando section of our past Universal Orlando videos. How does the Spider-Man ride videos. How does the Spider-Man ride videos. How does the Spider-Man ride here compare to the one out in Disney here compare to the one out in Disney here compare to the one out in Disney California Adventure? Okay, these are California Adventure? Okay, these are California Adventure? Okay, these are not even from like the same universe not even from like the same universe not even from like the same universe basically. And I guess technically basically. And I guess technically basically. And I guess technically [laughter] like the Disney MCU versus [laughter] like the Disney MCU versus [laughter] like the Disney MCU versus the Universal MCU are completely [music] the Universal MCU are completely [music] the Universal MCU are completely [music] different. The Spider-Man ride in Disney different. The Spider-Man ride in Disney different. The Spider-Man ride in Disney California Adventure is a blaster point California Adventure is a blaster point California Adventure is a blaster point rackerupper attraction, but The Amazing rackerupper attraction, but The Amazing rackerupper attraction, but The Amazing Adventures of Spider-Man and Islands of Adventures of Spider-Man and Islands of Adventures of Spider-Man and Islands of Adventure has a story line. and it's got Adventure has a story line. and it's got Adventure has a story line. and it's got more props and screen sets and I guess more props and screen sets and I guess more props and screen sets and I guess it's just more nostalgic. So, my guess it's just more nostalgic. So, my guess it's just more nostalgic. So, my guess is that most folks are going to like the is that most folks are going to like the is that most folks are going to like the newness and the modernity of the DCA newness and the modernity of the DCA newness and the modernity of the DCA ride, but if you're like a classic comic ride, but if you're like a classic comic ride, but if you're like a classic comic book person, then probably the one in book person, then probably the one in book person, then probably the one in Islands of Adventure is going to be your Islands of Adventure is going to be your Islands of Adventure is going to be your preference. Next question. I heard the preference. Next question. I heard the preference. Next question. I heard the water rides at Toon Lagoon can be water rides at Toon Lagoon can be water rides at Toon Lagoon can be awkward. Oh my gosh, yes. Dudley awkward. Oh my gosh, yes. Dudley awkward. Oh my gosh, yes. Dudley Durrites rips off falls is all fun and Durrites rips off falls is all fun and Durrites rips off falls is all fun and games until you have to get in and out games until you have to get in and out games until you have to get in and out of that uncomfortable log flume. This of that uncomfortable log flume. This of that uncomfortable log flume. This log flume forces you to sit front to log flume forces you to sit front to log flume forces you to sit front to back single file with your knees back single file with your knees back single file with your knees awkwardly wedged behind the person in awkwardly wedged behind the person in awkwardly wedged behind the person in front of you. So, right from the start, front of you. So, right from the start, front of you. So, right from the start, you basically are kissing your personal you basically are kissing your personal you basically are kissing your personal space goodbye. And then there's the space goodbye. And then there's the space goodbye. And then there's the added struggle of getting out of the added struggle of getting out of the added struggle of getting out of the vehicle after your ride. Not only are vehicle after your ride. Not only are vehicle after your ride. Not only are you now folded like a pretzel, but you now folded like a pretzel, but you now folded like a pretzel, but you're also soaked to the bone. So now you're also soaked to the bone. So now you're also soaked to the bone. So now you have to untangle yourself while also you have to untangle yourself while also you have to untangle yourself while also peeling yourself out of that log flume, peeling yourself out of that log flume, peeling yourself out of that log flume, which can feel a lot like peeling a wet which can feel a lot like peeling a wet which can feel a lot like peeling a wet suction cup off a window pane. Just make suction cup off a window pane. Just make suction cup off a window pane. Just make sure if you're wearing a skirt or a sure if you're wearing a skirt or a sure if you're wearing a skirt or a sundress, wear those slip shorts sundress, wear those slip shorts sundress, wear those slip shorts underneath to keep you from any extra underneath to keep you from any extra underneath to keep you from any extra embarrassment. And if you don't think embarrassment. And if you don't think embarrassment. And if you don't think this whole log flume tango is going to this whole log flume tango is going to this whole log flume tango is going to work for you, you can still be a part of work for you, you can still be a part of work for you, you can still be a part of the Dudley Ditrights fun even while the Dudley Ditrights fun even while the Dudley Ditrights fun even while you're off the ride. On the bridge that you're off the ride. On the bridge that you're off the ride. On the bridge that overlooks the big drop, you'll find overlooks the big drop, you'll find overlooks the big drop, you'll find water cannons that you can pay for to water cannons that you can pay for to water cannons that you can pay for to spray riders on the ride with a little spray riders on the ride with a little spray riders on the ride with a little extra soakage, just in case you don't extra soakage, just in case you don't extra soakage, just in case you don't think they were drenched enough as it think they were drenched enough as it think they were drenched enough as it is. Okay. Is it possible to get is. Okay. Is it possible to get is. Okay. Is it possible to get everything done in one day, even without everything done in one day, even without everything done in one day, even without Express Pass? So, define everything. As Express Pass? So, define everything. As Express Pass? So, define everything. As far as rides go, maybe. I think Express far as rides go, maybe. I think Express far as rides go, maybe. I think Express Pass does help you out in this park more Pass does help you out in this park more Pass does help you out in this park more than it does in Universal Studios than it does in Universal Studios than it does in Universal Studios Florida. But I also think if you've got Florida. But I also think if you've got Florida. But I also think if you've got a main list of priorities that you're a main list of priorities that you're a main list of priorities that you're coming into the park with, it shouldn't coming into the park with, it shouldn't coming into the park with, it shouldn't be too hard to tackle them all. That is be too hard to tackle them all. That is be too hard to tackle them all. That is unless a storm comes in and derails unless a storm comes in and derails unless a storm comes in and derails things. Keep an eye on the forecast and things. Keep an eye on the forecast and things. Keep an eye on the forecast and try to hit up the outdoor rides before try to hit up the outdoor rides before try to hit up the outdoor rides before those major storms roll in if you can. those major storms roll in if you can. those major storms roll in if you can. Several of Islands of Adventures main Several of Islands of Adventures main Several of Islands of Adventures main attractions are outdoors. So, if you're attractions are outdoors. So, if you're attractions are outdoors. So, if you're looking at your itinerary and you notice looking at your itinerary and you notice looking at your itinerary and you notice one of your Universal days is going to one of your Universal days is going to one of your Universal days is going to be particularly rainy. Universal Studios be particularly rainy. Universal Studios be particularly rainy. Universal Studios Florida is a better stormy weather park Florida is a better stormy weather park Florida is a better stormy weather park since most of its rides happen indoors. since most of its rides happen indoors. since most of its rides happen indoors. Okay, Islands of Adventure. I am stoked Okay, Islands of Adventure. I am stoked Okay, Islands of Adventure. I am stoked to see what's in store for your future to see what's in store for your future to see what's in store for your future and I'm also stoked to come back here and I'm also stoked to come back here and I'm also stoked to come back here for some more who hash and motorcycle for some more who hash and motorcycle for some more who hash and motorcycle bike rides in 2026. Who's with me? If bike rides in 2026. Who's with me? If bike rides in 2026. Who's with me? If you're ready to continue your Universal you're ready to continue your Universal you're ready to continue your Universal Orlando planning, be sure to check out Orlando planning, be sure to check out Orlando planning, be sure to check out some of our other uni videos already up some of our other uni videos already up some of our other uni videos already up on the channel, like the best Universal on the channel, like the best Universal on the channel, like the best Universal Orlando tips and tricks of all time. And Orlando tips and tricks of all time. And Orlando tips and tricks of all time. And don't forget to pick up our free don't forget to pick up our free don't forget to pick up our free Universal Hotel guide if you haven't Universal Hotel guide if you haven't Universal Hotel guide if you haven't already over at already over at already over at disneyfoodblog.com/universal disneyfoodblog.com/universal disneyfoodblog.com/universal ranks. Thanks for listening everyone and ranks. Thanks for listening everyone and ranks. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is thanks for watching. As always, this is thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog, and we'll see AJ for Disney Food Blog, and we'll see AJ for Disney Food Blog, and we'll see you real soon.
