---
video_id: An7yAY_c0PU
channel: DFBGuide
title: "The ULTIMATE Guide to Universal Epic Universe 2026"
published: 2025-12-31
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=An7yAY_c0PU
---
This is it, friends. 2026 is your year This is it, friends. 2026 is your year This is it, friends. 2026 is your year to go to Epic Universe. And if you're to go to Epic Universe. And if you're to go to Epic Universe. And if you're ready to plan out the best first or ready to plan out the best first or ready to plan out the best first or maybe second or third visit here ever, maybe second or third visit here ever, maybe second or third visit here ever, then you're going to need to know about then you're going to need to know about then you're going to need to know about the best restaurants and rides and shows the best restaurants and rides and shows the best restaurants and rides and shows and the DFB advice. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Vlog and we're going to talk about my Vlog and we're going to talk about my Vlog and we're going to talk about my favorite Universal Park ever, Epic favorite Universal Park ever, Epic favorite Universal Park ever, Epic Universe. That's right, I said it. No Universe. That's right, I said it. No Universe. That's right, I said it. No beating around the bush here. I love beating around the bush here. I love beating around the bush here. I love this park. I am excited to talk about this park. I am excited to talk about this park. I am excited to talk about it. But I'm not here to just romanticize it. But I'm not here to just romanticize it. But I'm not here to just romanticize things for you. I am going to give you things for you. I am going to give you things for you. I am going to give you the truth behind each portal, tell you the truth behind each portal, tell you the truth behind each portal, tell you some stark differences between Epic some stark differences between Epic some stark differences between Epic Universe and its two older sibling Universe and its two older sibling Universe and its two older sibling parks, and note some important parks, and note some important parks, and note some important information to keep in your back pocket, information to keep in your back pocket, information to keep in your back pocket, as well as hot tips to keep in the as well as hot tips to keep in the as well as hot tips to keep in the forefront of your mind. Now, before we forefront of your mind. Now, before we forefront of your mind. Now, before we get started, don't worry about taking get started, don't worry about taking get started, don't worry about taking notes today or anything. We've already notes today or anything. We've already notes today or anything. We've already jotted down all the details of each epic jotted down all the details of each epic jotted down all the details of each epic universe land for you, which you can universe land for you, which you can universe land for you, which you can pick up for free right now by scanning pick up for free right now by scanning pick up for free right now by scanning the QR code you see on the screen or by the QR code you see on the screen or by the QR code you see on the screen or by clicking on the clicking on the clicking on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/epic for Disneyfoodblog.com/epic for Disneyfoodblog.com/epic after this. Epic Universe is Universal after this. Epic Universe is Universal after this. Epic Universe is Universal Orlando's third park gate that Orlando's third park gate that Orlando's third park gate that officially opened May 22nd, 2025. It is officially opened May 22nd, 2025. It is officially opened May 22nd, 2025. It is just a baby. Universal promised that just a baby. Universal promised that just a baby. Universal promised that Epic would be a gamecher for their theme Epic would be a gamecher for their theme Epic would be a gamecher for their theme parks, and in so many ways, it has been. parks, and in so many ways, it has been. parks, and in so many ways, it has been. For starters, let's talk about the Epic For starters, let's talk about the Epic For starters, let's talk about the Epic Universe story line. Universal Studios Universe story line. Universal Studios Universe story line. Universal Studios Florida and Islands of Adventure both Florida and Islands of Adventure both Florida and Islands of Adventure both have light story lines, but Epic have light story lines, but Epic have light story lines, but Epic Universe's story is a key part to how Universe's story is a key part to how Universe's story is a key part to how this theme park operates and creates an this theme park operates and creates an this theme park operates and creates an immersive experience that completely immersive experience that completely immersive experience that completely envelops you within each land. See that envelops you within each land. See that envelops you within each land. See that clock tower? This is a Kronos hovering clock tower? This is a Kronos hovering clock tower? This is a Kronos hovering over the emerald/ golden entrance of the over the emerald/ golden entrance of the over the emerald/ golden entrance of the park. Very Aussian, right? The massive park. Very Aussian, right? The massive park. Very Aussian, right? The massive device, according to Universal lore, device, according to Universal lore, device, according to Universal lore, helps to generate power that creates helps to generate power that creates helps to generate power that creates portals into new realms, some of which portals into new realms, some of which portals into new realms, some of which we've never been able to step foot we've never been able to step foot we've never been able to step foot inside before until now. Thanks to these inside before until now. Thanks to these inside before until now. Thanks to these portals, the moment you step through portals, the moment you step through portals, the moment you step through them, you are completely immersed in them, you are completely immersed in them, you are completely immersed in each land. This isn't like Universal each land. This isn't like Universal each land. This isn't like Universal Studios Florida where you can stand in Studios Florida where you can stand in Studios Florida where you can stand in Minion Land and see Revenge of the Mummy Minion Land and see Revenge of the Mummy Minion Land and see Revenge of the Mummy down the street and Jimmy Fallon on your down the street and Jimmy Fallon on your down the street and Jimmy Fallon on your left. Once you're in a world here, left. Once you're in a world here, left. Once you're in a world here, you're in it. Epic Universe is also kind you're in it. Epic Universe is also kind you're in it. Epic Universe is also kind of a rebel child. Instead of being part of a rebel child. Instead of being part of a rebel child. Instead of being part of the whole Universal Orlando area of the whole Universal Orlando area of the whole Universal Orlando area where the two other parks and Volcano where the two other parks and Volcano where the two other parks and Volcano Bay and the Citywalk Shopping District Bay and the Citywalk Shopping District Bay and the Citywalk Shopping District and a bunch of hotels already are, Epic and a bunch of hotels already are, Epic and a bunch of hotels already are, Epic Universe is in its own little hub with Universe is in its own little hub with Universe is in its own little hub with its own set of hotels. Epic is actually its own set of hotels. Epic is actually its own set of hotels. Epic is actually located about 4 miles away from the main located about 4 miles away from the main located about 4 miles away from the main Universal Orlando area. So depending on Universal Orlando area. So depending on Universal Orlando area. So depending on traffic, a car or bus ride over to Epic traffic, a car or bus ride over to Epic traffic, a car or bus ride over to Epic will probably take about 15 to 20 will probably take about 15 to 20 will probably take about 15 to 20 minutes from the main Universal Orlando minutes from the main Universal Orlando minutes from the main Universal Orlando location. So, you will need to factor in location. So, you will need to factor in location. So, you will need to factor in that extra travel time into your morning that extra travel time into your morning that extra travel time into your morning itinerary if you're planning on staying itinerary if you're planning on staying itinerary if you're planning on staying at one of the other Universal hotels and at one of the other Universal hotels and at one of the other Universal hotels and not in one of the Epic Universe options. not in one of the Epic Universe options. not in one of the Epic Universe options. Epic has three new hotels for you to Epic has three new hotels for you to Epic has three new hotels for you to choose from. By the way, Stellanova and choose from. By the way, Stellanova and choose from. By the way, Stellanova and Teraluna are both prime value hotels, Teraluna are both prime value hotels, Teraluna are both prime value hotels, giving you a cheaper room stay that giving you a cheaper room stay that giving you a cheaper room stay that still keeps you close to all the Epic still keeps you close to all the Epic still keeps you close to all the Epic Universe action. While Helios Grand is a Universe action. While Helios Grand is a Universe action. While Helios Grand is a signature hotel, which is a lot more signature hotel, which is a lot more signature hotel, which is a lot more expensive, but it does have a designated expensive, but it does have a designated expensive, but it does have a designated Epic Universe entrance leading you Epic Universe entrance leading you Epic Universe entrance leading you directly into Celestial Park. So, the directly into Celestial Park. So, the directly into Celestial Park. So, the convenience of Helios Grand might be convenience of Helios Grand might be convenience of Helios Grand might be worth the extra splurge. I certainly worth the extra splurge. I certainly worth the extra splurge. I certainly think that it is. There is something think that it is. There is something think that it is. There is something extra special about staying at a hotel extra special about staying at a hotel extra special about staying at a hotel that you feel like is literally inside that you feel like is literally inside that you feel like is literally inside the park that you want to go to. Now, the park that you want to go to. Now, the park that you want to go to. Now, Stella Nova has a dedicated walking path Stella Nova has a dedicated walking path Stella Nova has a dedicated walking path that'll take you about 5 to 10 minutes that'll take you about 5 to 10 minutes that'll take you about 5 to 10 minutes to get up to the front of the main gate. to get up to the front of the main gate. to get up to the front of the main gate. So, even though it doesn't have a So, even though it doesn't have a So, even though it doesn't have a dedicated park entrance like Helios dedicated park entrance like Helios dedicated park entrance like Helios Grand does, it's still a really Grand does, it's still a really Grand does, it's still a really convenient way to get into Epic without convenient way to get into Epic without convenient way to get into Epic without a whole lot of extra hassle. Now, Teral a whole lot of extra hassle. Now, Teral a whole lot of extra hassle. Now, Teral Luna might look like Stella's identical Luna might look like Stella's identical Luna might look like Stella's identical twin, but she is not. She's actually twin, but she is not. She's actually twin, but she is not. She's actually lacking her own sidewalk leading you up lacking her own sidewalk leading you up lacking her own sidewalk leading you up to Epic Universe. That being said, you to Epic Universe. That being said, you to Epic Universe. That being said, you can still walk to Epic from Teruna if can still walk to Epic from Teruna if can still walk to Epic from Teruna if you want to. You'll just have to cross you want to. You'll just have to cross you want to. You'll just have to cross the street to make it over to Stella the street to make it over to Stella the street to make it over to Stella Nova, and then you can take Stella's Nova, and then you can take Stella's Nova, and then you can take Stella's dedicated walking path the rest of the dedicated walking path the rest of the dedicated walking path the rest of the way over. Okay, you've waited long way over. Okay, you've waited long way over. Okay, you've waited long enough. Let's enter the portal. For each enough. Let's enter the portal. For each enough. Let's enter the portal. For each portal that we talk about today, I'm portal that we talk about today, I'm portal that we talk about today, I'm going to give you the top five things to going to give you the top five things to going to give you the top five things to do in each area, just in case you only do in each area, just in case you only do in each area, just in case you only have a day to explore as much as you can have a day to explore as much as you can have a day to explore as much as you can and you're wanting to hit the and you're wanting to hit the and you're wanting to hit the highlights. Welcome to Celestial Park. highlights. Welcome to Celestial Park. highlights. Welcome to Celestial Park. You know how I said earlier that Epic You know how I said earlier that Epic You know how I said earlier that Epic has its own story line? Celestial Park has its own story line? Celestial Park has its own story line? Celestial Park is really the backbone of how that story is really the backbone of how that story is really the backbone of how that story line plays out. Consider this the main line plays out. Consider this the main line plays out. Consider this the main street USA of Epic Universe, kind of the street USA of Epic Universe, kind of the street USA of Epic Universe, kind of the center of everything. But instead of center of everything. But instead of center of everything. But instead of barberh shop quartets and turn of the barberh shop quartets and turn of the barberh shop quartets and turn of the century storefronts, you'll immediately century storefronts, you'll immediately century storefronts, you'll immediately step into a land of dancing fountains step into a land of dancing fountains step into a land of dancing fountains and cosmic architecture, a swelling and cosmic architecture, a swelling and cosmic architecture, a swelling soundtrack that immediately puts you soundtrack that immediately puts you soundtrack that immediately puts you into this world between worlds. into this world between worlds. into this world between worlds. According to Universal's creative According to Universal's creative According to Universal's creative directors, who helped to bring Epic directors, who helped to bring Epic directors, who helped to bring Epic Universe to life, the lore behind Universe to life, the lore behind Universe to life, the lore behind Celestial Park is that it's meant to Celestial Park is that it's meant to Celestial Park is that it's meant to serve as the crossroads for travelers. serve as the crossroads for travelers. serve as the crossroads for travelers. That means you. But some travelers That means you. But some travelers That means you. But some travelers decided to stay put in these crossroads, decided to stay put in these crossroads, decided to stay put in these crossroads, opening up businesses for other opening up businesses for other opening up businesses for other travelers, making the brave leap across travelers, making the brave leap across travelers, making the brave leap across the time space continuum. That's why the time space continuum. That's why the time space continuum. That's why you're going to see plenty of shops as you're going to see plenty of shops as you're going to see plenty of shops as you enter the area. Which brings me to you enter the area. Which brings me to you enter the area. Which brings me to my first must-see of Celestial Park, the my first must-see of Celestial Park, the my first must-see of Celestial Park, the Emporia. Various Emporia features a Emporia. Various Emporia features a Emporia. Various Emporia features a celestial shopping strip with stores celestial shopping strip with stores celestial shopping strip with stores like the Sensorium Emporium, the like the Sensorium Emporium, the like the Sensorium Emporium, the flagship epic universe gift shop, the flagship epic universe gift shop, the flagship epic universe gift shop, the Northstar Winry Wonders for all your Northstar Winry Wonders for all your Northstar Winry Wonders for all your Christmas shopping year round, and my Christmas shopping year round, and my Christmas shopping year round, and my personal favorite of the bunch, Moonship personal favorite of the bunch, Moonship personal favorite of the bunch, Moonship Chocolates and Celestial Sweets, the Chocolates and Celestial Sweets, the Chocolates and Celestial Sweets, the confectionary of Celestial Park, which confectionary of Celestial Park, which confectionary of Celestial Park, which has a whole story of its own, complete has a whole story of its own, complete has a whole story of its own, complete with a cute little navigator bear mascot with a cute little navigator bear mascot with a cute little navigator bear mascot named Captain Cacao. How can you not named Captain Cacao. How can you not named Captain Cacao. How can you not love Captain Cacao? I love him. Now, love Captain Cacao? I love him. Now, love Captain Cacao? I love him. Now, what you'll learn very quickly about what you'll learn very quickly about what you'll learn very quickly about Celestial Park is that sure, it looks Celestial Park is that sure, it looks Celestial Park is that sure, it looks impressive during the day, but at night, impressive during the day, but at night, impressive during the day, but at night, this section really comes to life. I this section really comes to life. I this section really comes to life. I mean, this is the cosmos after all. It mean, this is the cosmos after all. It mean, this is the cosmos after all. It only makes sense for starlight and moon only makes sense for starlight and moon only makes sense for starlight and moon beams to add a whole new layer to this beams to add a whole new layer to this beams to add a whole new layer to this section of the park after the sun sets. section of the park after the sun sets. section of the park after the sun sets. The park's lighting really makes the two The park's lighting really makes the two The park's lighting really makes the two sides in this area all the more vibrant, sides in this area all the more vibrant, sides in this area all the more vibrant, too. Which now brings me to our second too. Which now brings me to our second too. Which now brings me to our second and third mustseas, Stardust Racers and and third mustseas, Stardust Racers and and third mustseas, Stardust Racers and Constellation Carousel. Stardust Racers Constellation Carousel. Stardust Racers Constellation Carousel. Stardust Racers is a dual launching coaster with one is a dual launching coaster with one is a dual launching coaster with one green track and one yellow track. These green track and one yellow track. These green track and one yellow track. These tracks feel different. The green one tracks feel different. The green one tracks feel different. The green one tends to be a little more intense and tends to be a little more intense and tends to be a little more intense and more loop-de-loopy. Both sides feature more loop-de-loopy. Both sides feature more loop-de-loopy. Both sides feature plenty of airtime and a little inversion plenty of airtime and a little inversion plenty of airtime and a little inversion action, too. Since there's no external action, too. Since there's no external action, too. Since there's no external track lighting at night, the vibe of track lighting at night, the vibe of track lighting at night, the vibe of Stardust Racers is way more Space Stardust Racers is way more Space Stardust Racers is way more Space Mountain meets Veloca Coaster. And that Mountain meets Veloca Coaster. And that Mountain meets Veloca Coaster. And that air time is even more viby since you air time is even more viby since you air time is even more viby since you can't really see what's coming. But wait can't really see what's coming. But wait can't really see what's coming. But wait times for Stardust Racers peak once it's times for Stardust Racers peak once it's times for Stardust Racers peak once it's dark out, so you might have an easier dark out, so you might have an easier dark out, so you might have an easier time finding shorter weights toward the time finding shorter weights toward the time finding shorter weights toward the beginning of the day instead of later beginning of the day instead of later beginning of the day instead of later on. Constellation Carousel is way less on. Constellation Carousel is way less on. Constellation Carousel is way less intense. In fact, there's no height intense. In fact, there's no height intense. In fact, there's no height requirement for this one. This ride is requirement for this one. This ride is requirement for this one. This ride is the grand centerpiece of Celestial Park, the grand centerpiece of Celestial Park, the grand centerpiece of Celestial Park, but this isn't your typical carousel but this isn't your typical carousel but this isn't your typical carousel featuring ornate horses. The animals you featuring ornate horses. The animals you featuring ornate horses. The animals you can ride here are colorful celestial can ride here are colorful celestial can ride here are colorful celestial creatures that have the ability to glide creatures that have the ability to glide creatures that have the ability to glide forward, backward, and even make 360° forward, backward, and even make 360° forward, backward, and even make 360° turns. But how they move during the ride turns. But how they move during the ride turns. But how they move during the ride all depends on what song is playing all depends on what song is playing all depends on what song is playing overhead. There are seven different overhead. There are seven different overhead. There are seven different tracks you could potentially hear during tracks you could potentially hear during tracks you could potentially hear during your ride through, which means there are your ride through, which means there are your ride through, which means there are seven different ride sequences that you seven different ride sequences that you seven different ride sequences that you could experience as well. At the end of could experience as well. At the end of could experience as well. At the end of the day, plan to be at the Cosmos the day, plan to be at the Cosmos the day, plan to be at the Cosmos Fountains to watch Epic Universe's end Fountains to watch Epic Universe's end Fountains to watch Epic Universe's end of the night spectacular, the Cosmos of the night spectacular, the Cosmos of the night spectacular, the Cosmos Fountain Show. While this fountain has Fountain Show. While this fountain has Fountain Show. While this fountain has little shows all day long, the big one little shows all day long, the big one little shows all day long, the big one with all the lights and the music and with all the lights and the music and with all the lights and the music and the epicness, you know, like the the epicness, you know, like the the epicness, you know, like the Bellagio vibe happens at park close. But Bellagio vibe happens at park close. But Bellagio vibe happens at park close. But the weird thing is the Universal app the weird thing is the Universal app the weird thing is the Universal app isn't going to tell you that. So, you're isn't going to tell you that. So, you're isn't going to tell you that. So, you're just going to have to look at when the just going to have to look at when the just going to have to look at when the park hours are on the day of your visit park hours are on the day of your visit park hours are on the day of your visit and know that normally the big water and and know that normally the big water and and know that normally the big water and light show starts up about 10 minutes light show starts up about 10 minutes light show starts up about 10 minutes before park closing. Now, dining. before park closing. Now, dining. before park closing. Now, dining. Celestial Park has quite a few options. Celestial Park has quite a few options. Celestial Park has quite a few options. This is also the only section of the This is also the only section of the This is also the only section of the park where you'll be able to find table park where you'll be able to find table park where you'll be able to find table service restaurants like the Surf and service restaurants like the Surf and service restaurants like the Surf and Turf Focused Atlantic Restaurant and the Turf Focused Atlantic Restaurant and the Turf Focused Atlantic Restaurant and the Panasian Blue Dragon Restaurant. But Panasian Blue Dragon Restaurant. But Panasian Blue Dragon Restaurant. But those are honorable mentions, not those are honorable mentions, not those are honorable mentions, not necessarily must dos in my book, though necessarily must dos in my book, though necessarily must dos in my book, though a lot of folks really love Blue Dragon, a lot of folks really love Blue Dragon, a lot of folks really love Blue Dragon, just adds up. But if I'm picking a place just adds up. But if I'm picking a place just adds up. But if I'm picking a place to chow down in this land, I'm actually to chow down in this land, I'm actually to chow down in this land, I'm actually sincerely going to have to choose the sincerely going to have to choose the sincerely going to have to choose the Pizza Moon quick service. Pizza Moon is Pizza Moon quick service. Pizza Moon is Pizza Moon quick service. Pizza Moon is an early 1900s Victorian theater an early 1900s Victorian theater an early 1900s Victorian theater converted into a spectacular eery. Their converted into a spectacular eery. Their converted into a spectacular eery. Their words, not mine. The whimsical vibe that words, not mine. The whimsical vibe that words, not mine. The whimsical vibe that starts on the outside, continues on the starts on the outside, continues on the starts on the outside, continues on the inside, featuring cardboard cutoutlike inside, featuring cardboard cutoutlike inside, featuring cardboard cutoutlike scene decorations like you might find in scene decorations like you might find in scene decorations like you might find in an old Victorian theater. Now, you'll an old Victorian theater. Now, you'll an old Victorian theater. Now, you'll definitely want to explore this one and definitely want to explore this one and definitely want to explore this one and eat the pizza, too. My recommendations, eat the pizza, too. My recommendations, eat the pizza, too. My recommendations, the pizza lunar with an ube crust and a the pizza lunar with an ube crust and a the pizza lunar with an ube crust and a trip to Vuvio loaded with several trip to Vuvio loaded with several trip to Vuvio loaded with several toppings, including a hot honey drizzle. toppings, including a hot honey drizzle. toppings, including a hot honey drizzle. That one's probably my favorite. And the That one's probably my favorite. And the That one's probably my favorite. And the brownie eclipse for dessert. Now, here's brownie eclipse for dessert. Now, here's brownie eclipse for dessert. Now, here's something that's super important. If you something that's super important. If you something that's super important. If you want to dine around Epic Universe's want to dine around Epic Universe's want to dine around Epic Universe's quick services, you're going to need to quick services, you're going to need to quick services, you're going to need to download the Universal app and have it download the Universal app and have it download the Universal app and have it ready to go before you enter the park. ready to go before you enter the park. ready to go before you enter the park. Because it's basically all going to be a Because it's basically all going to be a Because it's basically all going to be a mobile order system. First, you'll mobile order system. First, you'll mobile order system. First, you'll select your quick service restaurant select your quick service restaurant select your quick service restaurant through the app. Then you can head over through the app. Then you can head over through the app. Then you can head over to said quick service location to find a to said quick service location to find a to said quick service location to find a table inside the restaurant's dining table inside the restaurant's dining table inside the restaurant's dining room. After you found a seat, you'll room. After you found a seat, you'll room. After you found a seat, you'll enter your table number either manually enter your table number either manually enter your table number either manually or by using the QR code on your table, or by using the QR code on your table, or by using the QR code on your table, and that'll let the team members know and that'll let the team members know and that'll let the team members know where to deliver your food. All right, where to deliver your food. All right, where to deliver your food. All right, it's time to enter our very first it's time to enter our very first it's time to enter our very first portal, and we're headed to Super portal, and we're headed to Super portal, and we're headed to Super Nintendo World. Celestial Park is a Nintendo World. Celestial Park is a Nintendo World. Celestial Park is a peaceful place. Starlight, dancing peaceful place. Starlight, dancing peaceful place. Starlight, dancing fountain, soothing music. But Super fountain, soothing music. But Super fountain, soothing music. But Super Nintendo World, the exact opposite. But Nintendo World, the exact opposite. But Nintendo World, the exact opposite. But that might be the reason you fall in that might be the reason you fall in that might be the reason you fall in love with this place. Super Nintendo love with this place. Super Nintendo love with this place. Super Nintendo World is not new to the Universal scene. World is not new to the Universal scene. World is not new to the Universal scene. We've already seen it pop up in We've already seen it pop up in We've already seen it pop up in Universal Studios Japan and Universal Universal Studios Japan and Universal Universal Studios Japan and Universal Studios Hollywood before Epic Universe. Studios Hollywood before Epic Universe. Studios Hollywood before Epic Universe. However, the fact that you can cross However, the fact that you can cross However, the fact that you can cross through an Epic Universe portal and up through an Epic Universe portal and up through an Epic Universe portal and up into a warp pipe leading you into the into a warp pipe leading you into the into a warp pipe leading you into the very video game franchise from your very video game franchise from your very video game franchise from your childhood and your child's childhood, childhood and your child's childhood, childhood and your child's childhood, too, is a very neat party trick. Note, too, is a very neat party trick. Note, too, is a very neat party trick. Note, if you or someone in your group is if you or someone in your group is if you or someone in your group is unable to ride that escalator leading up unable to ride that escalator leading up unable to ride that escalator leading up to Super Nintendo World, there is an to Super Nintendo World, there is an to Super Nintendo World, there is an elevator you can use instead. Located to elevator you can use instead. Located to elevator you can use instead. Located to the right of the escalator, Super the right of the escalator, Super the right of the escalator, Super Nintendo World is a colorful, loud, and Nintendo World is a colorful, loud, and Nintendo World is a colorful, loud, and completely cartoonized location. You are completely cartoonized location. You are completely cartoonized location. You are going to be the most real thing existing going to be the most real thing existing going to be the most real thing existing in this world since there's not a real in this world since there's not a real in this world since there's not a real plant, tree, or other non-carttoony plant, tree, or other non-carttoony plant, tree, or other non-carttoony aspect in sight once you enter into this aspect in sight once you enter into this aspect in sight once you enter into this place. Super Nintendo World is split up place. Super Nintendo World is split up place. Super Nintendo World is split up into two different sections. The first into two different sections. The first into two different sections. The first is Super Mario Land, which is the one is Super Mario Land, which is the one is Super Mario Land, which is the one you'll enter into when you go through you'll enter into when you go through you'll enter into when you go through the portal. Super Mario Land is the the portal. Super Mario Land is the the portal. Super Mario Land is the keeper of a few major mustos. The first keeper of a few major mustos. The first keeper of a few major mustos. The first is Mario Kart Bowser's Challenge. This is Mario Kart Bowser's Challenge. This is Mario Kart Bowser's Challenge. This is an AR attraction that'll have you is an AR attraction that'll have you is an AR attraction that'll have you racing Bowser and his cronies in a real racing Bowser and his cronies in a real racing Bowser and his cronies in a real life Mario Kart race. During the ride, life Mario Kart race. During the ride, life Mario Kart race. During the ride, you'll earn coins, collect powerups, you'll earn coins, collect powerups, you'll earn coins, collect powerups, steer your way around the track, attempt steer your way around the track, attempt steer your way around the track, attempt to beat Bowser, and try to be the top to beat Bowser, and try to be the top to beat Bowser, and try to be the top performing racer in your vehicle. So, performing racer in your vehicle. So, performing racer in your vehicle. So, there's lots to do in this one. I'll there's lots to do in this one. I'll there's lots to do in this one. I'll admit though, this one confused me big admit though, this one confused me big admit though, this one confused me big time when I first wrote it, but my time when I first wrote it, but my time when I first wrote it, but my script writer, Bria, is a bigger Mario script writer, Bria, is a bigger Mario script writer, Bria, is a bigger Mario gamer than me and seemed to really lock gamer than me and seemed to really lock gamer than me and seemed to really lock in with this one when she first wrote in with this one when she first wrote in with this one when she first wrote it. So, I'd highly recommend paying it. So, I'd highly recommend paying it. So, I'd highly recommend paying super close attention to the pre-show super close attention to the pre-show super close attention to the pre-show instructions before you board, instructions before you board, instructions before you board, especially if you're not as familiar especially if you're not as familiar especially if you're not as familiar with the Mario Kart racing rules and with the Mario Kart racing rules and with the Mario Kart racing rules and mechanics. Mario Kart racks up really mechanics. Mario Kart racks up really mechanics. Mario Kart racks up really long wait times during the day, but long wait times during the day, but long wait times during the day, but those weights tend to really drop off those weights tend to really drop off those weights tend to really drop off toward the end of the night when kids toward the end of the night when kids toward the end of the night when kids and their families are starting to go and their families are starting to go and their families are starting to go back to their hotel rooms. If you want back to their hotel rooms. If you want back to their hotel rooms. If you want to level up your Mario Kart experience, to level up your Mario Kart experience, to level up your Mario Kart experience, you might want to invest in a powerup you might want to invest in a powerup you might want to invest in a powerup band. Powerup bands look a lot like one band. Powerup bands look a lot like one band. Powerup bands look a lot like one of Disney's Magic Bands, but instead of of Disney's Magic Bands, but instead of of Disney's Magic Bands, but instead of this wrist accessory being the skeleton this wrist accessory being the skeleton this wrist accessory being the skeleton key of your whole vacation, it's just key of your whole vacation, it's just key of your whole vacation, it's just going to be your key around Super going to be your key around Super going to be your key around Super Nintendo World, giving you the chance to Nintendo World, giving you the chance to Nintendo World, giving you the chance to unlock special challenges and activities unlock special challenges and activities unlock special challenges and activities around the land. Now, you do not have to around the land. Now, you do not have to around the land. Now, you do not have to invest in a powerup band to have a fun invest in a powerup band to have a fun invest in a powerup band to have a fun time at Super Nintendo World. They are time at Super Nintendo World. They are time at Super Nintendo World. They are $40 per band, and that's quite an $40 per band, and that's quite an $40 per band, and that's quite an investment to make. Now, let's talk investment to make. Now, let's talk investment to make. Now, let's talk about the third musto in Super Mario about the third musto in Super Mario about the third musto in Super Mario Land, especially if you've got younger Land, especially if you've got younger Land, especially if you've got younger members in your group. Yoshi's members in your group. Yoshi's members in your group. Yoshi's Adventure. Think of this one like Magic Adventure. Think of this one like Magic Adventure. Think of this one like Magic Kingdom's people mover, but way more Kingdom's people mover, but way more Kingdom's people mover, but way more visually stimulating. You'll board your visually stimulating. You'll board your visually stimulating. You'll board your own colorful Yoshi to ride above the own colorful Yoshi to ride above the own colorful Yoshi to ride above the land. And you'll also have a little game land. And you'll also have a little game land. And you'll also have a little game element in there, too, which happens element in there, too, which happens element in there, too, which happens when you slowly ride past the various when you slowly ride past the various when you slowly ride past the various Yoshi set pieces. Don't stress about Yoshi set pieces. Don't stress about Yoshi set pieces. Don't stress about that game too much. The outcome is the that game too much. The outcome is the that game too much. The outcome is the same whether you engage in it or not. I same whether you engage in it or not. I same whether you engage in it or not. I don't know. I think it's cute and worth don't know. I think it's cute and worth don't know. I think it's cute and worth riding at least once, but don't be riding at least once, but don't be riding at least once, but don't be waiting anything over 20 minutes for waiting anything over 20 minutes for waiting anything over 20 minutes for this one if you can avoid it. Because this one if you can avoid it. Because this one if you can avoid it. Because there's so much to do in Super Mario there's so much to do in Super Mario there's so much to do in Super Mario Land alone, I do have a few honorable Land alone, I do have a few honorable Land alone, I do have a few honorable mention attractions you may want to tack mention attractions you may want to tack mention attractions you may want to tack onto your itinerary if you're a big onto your itinerary if you're a big onto your itinerary if you're a big Mario fan and want to spend as much time Mario fan and want to spend as much time Mario fan and want to spend as much time here as you can. The first is the meet here as you can. The first is the meet here as you can. The first is the meet and greets, where you can meet Mario and and greets, where you can meet Mario and and greets, where you can meet Mario and Co at select times throughout the day. Co at select times throughout the day. Co at select times throughout the day. Just keep in mind that the meet and Just keep in mind that the meet and Just keep in mind that the meet and greet lines can be intense and scorching greet lines can be intense and scorching greet lines can be intense and scorching hot since the cues wrap around an hot since the cues wrap around an hot since the cues wrap around an outdoor section that's not exactly outdoor section that's not exactly outdoor section that's not exactly shaded. Another honorable mention, the shaded. Another honorable mention, the shaded. Another honorable mention, the Toad Stool Cafe quick service. I say Toad Stool Cafe quick service. I say Toad Stool Cafe quick service. I say this more because the dining room this more because the dining room this more because the dining room aesthetics and interactive windows are aesthetics and interactive windows are aesthetics and interactive windows are really fun, but the crowds and over really fun, but the crowds and over really fun, but the crowds and over stimulation, stimulation, stimulation, not as much fun. You might be better off not as much fun. You might be better off not as much fun. You might be better off dining here during non- peak dining dining here during non- peak dining dining here during non- peak dining times, like for a late lunch or early times, like for a late lunch or early times, like for a late lunch or early dinner. Now we're on to the second dinner. Now we're on to the second dinner. Now we're on to the second section of Super Nintendo World, Donkey section of Super Nintendo World, Donkey section of Super Nintendo World, Donkey Kong Country. This is where you're going Kong Country. This is where you're going Kong Country. This is where you're going to find our fourth musto, Minecart to find our fourth musto, Minecart to find our fourth musto, Minecart Madness. Minecart Madness is a family Madness. Minecart Madness is a family Madness. Minecart Madness is a family coaster that uses a lot of special coaster that uses a lot of special coaster that uses a lot of special effects, including parts of the ride effects, including parts of the ride effects, including parts of the ride where you appear to jump off the track. where you appear to jump off the track. where you appear to jump off the track. But don't let the family coaster title But don't let the family coaster title But don't let the family coaster title fool you. This is pretty thrilling, fool you. This is pretty thrilling, fool you. This is pretty thrilling, sometimes a little too thrilling even. sometimes a little too thrilling even. sometimes a little too thrilling even. It's definitely not the smoothest ride It's definitely not the smoothest ride It's definitely not the smoothest ride through. That being said, the illusions through. That being said, the illusions through. That being said, the illusions overall are worth experiencing at least overall are worth experiencing at least overall are worth experiencing at least once. Now, hot tip. Mine cart madness once. Now, hot tip. Mine cart madness once. Now, hot tip. Mine cart madness can have crazy long lines during the can have crazy long lines during the can have crazy long lines during the day. If you're staying in one of the day. If you're staying in one of the day. If you're staying in one of the Universal owned hotels and you've got Universal owned hotels and you've got Universal owned hotels and you've got early park admission at your disposal, early park admission at your disposal, early park admission at your disposal, giving you an extra hour inside the park giving you an extra hour inside the park giving you an extra hour inside the park for certain locations before they open for certain locations before they open for certain locations before they open up for everyone else, Minecart Madness up for everyone else, Minecart Madness up for everyone else, Minecart Madness is one of the rides that'll be open is one of the rides that'll be open is one of the rides that'll be open during this early admission time frame. during this early admission time frame. during this early admission time frame. Many folks might hit up Mario Kart Many folks might hit up Mario Kart Many folks might hit up Mario Kart during early admission first simply during early admission first simply during early admission first simply because it's the first ride they'll see because it's the first ride they'll see because it's the first ride they'll see as they enter the land. But keep on as they enter the land. But keep on as they enter the land. But keep on walking to the back of Super Nintendo walking to the back of Super Nintendo walking to the back of Super Nintendo World back into Donkey Kong Country to World back into Donkey Kong Country to World back into Donkey Kong Country to hopefully cut down on your minecart hopefully cut down on your minecart hopefully cut down on your minecart madness weight by prioritizing it in the madness weight by prioritizing it in the madness weight by prioritizing it in the morning. Oh, and by the way, while you morning. Oh, and by the way, while you morning. Oh, and by the way, while you are back there, grab a DK crush float are back there, grab a DK crush float are back there, grab a DK crush float from the bubbly barrel, and let me know from the bubbly barrel, and let me know from the bubbly barrel, and let me know what you think. This non-alcoholic drink what you think. This non-alcoholic drink what you think. This non-alcoholic drink is made with Dole Whipp banana cream, is made with Dole Whipp banana cream, is made with Dole Whipp banana cream, sprinkles, chocolate pieces, caramel sprinkles, chocolate pieces, caramel sprinkles, chocolate pieces, caramel popcorn, a waffle bowl, and served on popcorn, a waffle bowl, and served on popcorn, a waffle bowl, and served on top of a cup of pineapple Fanta soda. top of a cup of pineapple Fanta soda. top of a cup of pineapple Fanta soda. There is a lot going on here, and I am There is a lot going on here, and I am There is a lot going on here, and I am always interested to see how people feel always interested to see how people feel always interested to see how people feel about it. It was a dark and stormy about it. It was a dark and stormy about it. It was a dark and stormy night. Or perhaps in your case, it was a night. Or perhaps in your case, it was a night. Or perhaps in your case, it was a bright and sunny Orlando day. At either bright and sunny Orlando day. At either bright and sunny Orlando day. At either rate, Dark Universe is the portal to rate, Dark Universe is the portal to rate, Dark Universe is the portal to immerse yourself in if you're looking immerse yourself in if you're looking immerse yourself in if you're looking for a classic movie monsters and you for a classic movie monsters and you for a classic movie monsters and you don't want to wait around until don't want to wait around until don't want to wait around until Halloween to see them. Now, don't worry Halloween to see them. Now, don't worry Halloween to see them. Now, don't worry parents. There aren't any jump scares in parents. There aren't any jump scares in parents. There aren't any jump scares in this land, so any skittish kids, or even this land, so any skittish kids, or even this land, so any skittish kids, or even your skittish selves, if you're like me, your skittish selves, if you're like me, your skittish selves, if you're like me, can enter this portal without feeling can enter this portal without feeling can enter this portal without feeling like you got to be on edge at all times. like you got to be on edge at all times. like you got to be on edge at all times. Dark Universe is more about the eerie Dark Universe is more about the eerie Dark Universe is more about the eerie ambiance and setting the tone for a ambiance and setting the tone for a ambiance and setting the tone for a monster movie thriller versus actually monster movie thriller versus actually monster movie thriller versus actually thrusting you into the action yourself. thrusting you into the action yourself. thrusting you into the action yourself. Unless, of course, you ride Monsters Unless, of course, you ride Monsters Unless, of course, you ride Monsters Unchained: The Frankenstein Experiment. Unchained: The Frankenstein Experiment. Unchained: The Frankenstein Experiment. But even someone as jumpy as me is still But even someone as jumpy as me is still But even someone as jumpy as me is still going to encourage you to make this a going to encourage you to make this a going to encourage you to make this a top must do during your visit, cuz it's top must do during your visit, cuz it's top must do during your visit, cuz it's truly one of the most impressive dark truly one of the most impressive dark truly one of the most impressive dark rides out there at the moment. Monsters rides out there at the moment. Monsters rides out there at the moment. Monsters Unchained follows the story of Dr. for Unchained follows the story of Dr. for Unchained follows the story of Dr. for Victoria Frankenstein and her failed Victoria Frankenstein and her failed Victoria Frankenstein and her failed attempt at controlling some of the most attempt at controlling some of the most attempt at controlling some of the most powerful monsters in Darkmore. While powerful monsters in Darkmore. While powerful monsters in Darkmore. While this ride isn't heavy on the jump this ride isn't heavy on the jump this ride isn't heavy on the jump scares, it does have some majorly scares, it does have some majorly scares, it does have some majorly lifelike monsters around literally every lifelike monsters around literally every lifelike monsters around literally every twist and turn. So, if that's something twist and turn. So, if that's something twist and turn. So, if that's something that's going to give your kids that's going to give your kids that's going to give your kids nightmares, you might want to think nightmares, you might want to think nightmares, you might want to think twice before you board. But otherwise, twice before you board. But otherwise, twice before you board. But otherwise, this is a great ride for those who enjoy this is a great ride for those who enjoy this is a great ride for those who enjoy the whole Universal monster vibe. Much the whole Universal monster vibe. Much the whole Universal monster vibe. Much like Harry Potter and the Forbidden like Harry Potter and the Forbidden like Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey over in Islands of Adventure, Journey over in Islands of Adventure, Journey over in Islands of Adventure, Monsters Unchained uses the Robo Arm Monsters Unchained uses the Robo Arm Monsters Unchained uses the Robo Arm ride vehicle technology to swing you ride vehicle technology to swing you ride vehicle technology to swing you around every which way, which can be around every which way, which can be around every which way, which can be fairly disorienting. So, if you're fairly disorienting. So, if you're fairly disorienting. So, if you're determined to ride, but you do get determined to ride, but you do get determined to ride, but you do get queasy on these types of rides, take queasy on these types of rides, take queasy on these types of rides, take your non-drowsy Drumamine or whatever it your non-drowsy Drumamine or whatever it your non-drowsy Drumamine or whatever it is you use beforehand and maybe give is you use beforehand and maybe give is you use beforehand and maybe give yourself a little time to sit and chill yourself a little time to sit and chill yourself a little time to sit and chill post ride through before immediately post ride through before immediately post ride through before immediately getting in line for something else. Oh, getting in line for something else. Oh, getting in line for something else. Oh, something else to note about the rides something else to note about the rides something else to note about the rides in Epic Universe. Complimentary ride in Epic Universe. Complimentary ride in Epic Universe. Complimentary ride lockers are still a thing in Epic. The lockers are still a thing in Epic. The lockers are still a thing in Epic. The more intense rides of the park, like more intense rides of the park, like more intense rides of the park, like Monsters Unchained, will require you to Monsters Unchained, will require you to Monsters Unchained, will require you to stow away loose articles in one of their stow away loose articles in one of their stow away loose articles in one of their complimentary lockers. Keep in mind that complimentary lockers. Keep in mind that complimentary lockers. Keep in mind that Epic Universe does use facial Epic Universe does use facial Epic Universe does use facial recognition to activate its lockers. But recognition to activate its lockers. But recognition to activate its lockers. But if you don't feel comfortable with that if you don't feel comfortable with that if you don't feel comfortable with that system, you can always choose to scan system, you can always choose to scan system, you can always choose to scan your park ticket to open your locker your park ticket to open your locker your park ticket to open your locker instead. Okay, back to the monsters. I'm instead. Okay, back to the monsters. I'm instead. Okay, back to the monsters. I'm going to go ahead and tell you right now going to go ahead and tell you right now going to go ahead and tell you right now that the Curse of the Werewolf spinning that the Curse of the Werewolf spinning that the Curse of the Werewolf spinning coaster is going to be an honorable coaster is going to be an honorable coaster is going to be an honorable mention for Dark Universe and not an mention for Dark Universe and not an mention for Dark Universe and not an absolute mustd do. While it is fun, it's absolute mustd do. While it is fun, it's absolute mustd do. While it is fun, it's super duper short and definitely not super duper short and definitely not super duper short and definitely not worth waiting over 20 minutes for. worth waiting over 20 minutes for. worth waiting over 20 minutes for. Surprisingly enough, it's not uncommon Surprisingly enough, it's not uncommon Surprisingly enough, it's not uncommon for Curse of the Werewolf to rack up for Curse of the Werewolf to rack up for Curse of the Werewolf to rack up longer weights than Monsters Unchained, longer weights than Monsters Unchained, longer weights than Monsters Unchained, just because Monsters Unchained can take just because Monsters Unchained can take just because Monsters Unchained can take on a lot more riders at a time. So, my on a lot more riders at a time. So, my on a lot more riders at a time. So, my advice, go on Curse of the Werewolf if advice, go on Curse of the Werewolf if advice, go on Curse of the Werewolf if the line seems reasonable. And if it the line seems reasonable. And if it the line seems reasonable. And if it never seems reasonable, don't waste any never seems reasonable, don't waste any never seems reasonable, don't waste any tears on it. Just get back in line for tears on it. Just get back in line for tears on it. Just get back in line for Monsters Unchained again. If you were Monsters Unchained again. If you were Monsters Unchained again. If you were around during our first Epic Universe around during our first Epic Universe around during our first Epic Universe takes when the park first launched last takes when the park first launched last takes when the park first launched last May, then you might remember me telling May, then you might remember me telling May, then you might remember me telling you that Doss Steakhouse wasn't really you that Doss Steakhouse wasn't really you that Doss Steakhouse wasn't really worth a visit. But I kind of take that worth a visit. But I kind of take that worth a visit. But I kind of take that back. Now that Epic's gotten into the back. Now that Epic's gotten into the back. Now that Epic's gotten into the rhythm of things, the Dos Steakhouse rhythm of things, the Dos Steakhouse rhythm of things, the Dos Steakhouse quick service has risen in our quick service has risen in our quick service has risen in our estimation here at DFB. So, this quick estimation here at DFB. So, this quick estimation here at DFB. So, this quick service takes place in an old inn type service takes place in an old inn type service takes place in an old inn type establishment that's been built over establishment that's been built over establishment that's been built over some pretty active catacombs. The some pretty active catacombs. The some pretty active catacombs. The concept is that this is a vampire concept is that this is a vampire concept is that this is a vampire hangout, giving you the perspective of hangout, giving you the perspective of hangout, giving you the perspective of the vampires themselves through the the vampires themselves through the the vampires themselves through the paintings and architecture. Again, this paintings and architecture. Again, this paintings and architecture. Again, this place has really grown on me. You've got place has really grown on me. You've got place has really grown on me. You've got hardy steaks, as in s a ke, you know, hardy steaks, as in s a ke, you know, hardy steaks, as in s a ke, you know, like shish kebab. You've got black bun like shish kebab. You've got black bun like shish kebab. You've got black bun burgers, desserts that look like you're burgers, desserts that look like you're burgers, desserts that look like you're biting into a bloody brain, though biting into a bloody brain, though biting into a bloody brain, though admittedly it's hard to look past that admittedly it's hard to look past that admittedly it's hard to look past that visual. And you've got the Dark Thorn visual. And you've got the Dark Thorn visual. And you've got the Dark Thorn mead, which is incredible, especially if mead, which is incredible, especially if mead, which is incredible, especially if you enjoy your meades on the sweeter you enjoy your meades on the sweeter you enjoy your meades on the sweeter side of things. The Dark Thorn mead is side of things. The Dark Thorn mead is side of things. The Dark Thorn mead is also available at Burning Blade Tavern, also available at Burning Blade Tavern, also available at Burning Blade Tavern, which is my third must do for you. This which is my third must do for you. This which is my third must do for you. This watering hole for Monster Hunters was watering hole for Monster Hunters was watering hole for Monster Hunters was originally named after its towering originally named after its towering originally named after its towering windmill blades that catch fire windmill blades that catch fire windmill blades that catch fire repeatedly through the day. repeatedly through the day. repeatedly through the day. Surprisingly, it's every 15 minutes, but Surprisingly, it's every 15 minutes, but Surprisingly, it's every 15 minutes, but the poor windmill hasn't been lit a the poor windmill hasn't been lit a the poor windmill hasn't been lit a flame in a while now. So, I guess the flame in a while now. So, I guess the flame in a while now. So, I guess the town's folk are just accepting the town's folk are just accepting the town's folk are just accepting the monsters now and not reaching for their monsters now and not reaching for their monsters now and not reaching for their torches and pitchforks, maybe. But the torches and pitchforks, maybe. But the torches and pitchforks, maybe. But the real reason is that Epic Universe has real reason is that Epic Universe has real reason is that Epic Universe has been having some technical difficulties been having some technical difficulties been having some technical difficulties with this fiery feature. So, hopefully with this fiery feature. So, hopefully with this fiery feature. So, hopefully they can get things sorted out and we they can get things sorted out and we they can get things sorted out and we can see this windmill ablaze once again can see this windmill ablaze once again can see this windmill ablaze once again in the future. Regardless, I'd still in the future. Regardless, I'd still in the future. Regardless, I'd still recommend a visit to this little dark recommend a visit to this little dark recommend a visit to this little dark tavern if you're looking for a boozy tavern if you're looking for a boozy tavern if you're looking for a boozy beverage or a quick snack to help soak beverage or a quick snack to help soak beverage or a quick snack to help soak up the booze you've already consumed. A up the booze you've already consumed. A up the booze you've already consumed. A personal must do for me, though I'm personal must do for me, though I'm personal must do for me, though I'm still going to make it an honorable still going to make it an honorable still going to make it an honorable mention since there are a couple other mention since there are a couple other mention since there are a couple other mustos I want to shout out instead is mustos I want to shout out instead is mustos I want to shout out instead is the Lacy's Cottage, where you can pick the Lacy's Cottage, where you can pick the Lacy's Cottage, where you can pick up some fun snacks like the Frank and up some fun snacks like the Frank and up some fun snacks like the Frank and Friends pretzel or my preferred go-to, Friends pretzel or my preferred go-to, Friends pretzel or my preferred go-to, the warm-hearted cinnamon roll bites. the warm-hearted cinnamon roll bites. the warm-hearted cinnamon roll bites. These are warm cinnamon sugar doughut These are warm cinnamon sugar doughut These are warm cinnamon sugar doughut bites with cream cheese icing and bites with cream cheese icing and bites with cream cheese icing and streusel loaded on top. Are you streusel loaded on top. Are you streusel loaded on top. Are you surprised that I love these? No, of surprised that I love these? No, of surprised that I love these? No, of course you're not. While you're course you're not. While you're course you're not. While you're gallivanting around Dark Universe, make gallivanting around Dark Universe, make gallivanting around Dark Universe, make sure you check out the character sure you check out the character sure you check out the character interactions happening around you. The interactions happening around you. The interactions happening around you. The universal monsters come out to roam universal monsters come out to roam universal monsters come out to roam darkmore, so expect to find darkmore, so expect to find darkmore, so expect to find Frankenstein's monster and his bride Frankenstein's monster and his bride Frankenstein's monster and his bride lurking in the recesses around the lurking in the recesses around the lurking in the recesses around the Toledin. The invisible man tends to be Toledin. The invisible man tends to be Toledin. The invisible man tends to be out and about more than the Frankenstein out and about more than the Frankenstein out and about more than the Frankenstein crew, but most commonly you'll find him crew, but most commonly you'll find him crew, but most commonly you'll find him interacting with guests around Doth interacting with guests around Doth interacting with guests around Doth steakhouse. And Igor likes to wander steakhouse. And Igor likes to wander steakhouse. And Igor likes to wander around as well. Sometimes toward the around as well. Sometimes toward the around as well. Sometimes toward the Darkmore entrance, sometimes around Darkmore entrance, sometimes around Darkmore entrance, sometimes around Monsters Unchained. You might also Monsters Unchained. You might also Monsters Unchained. You might also wander into other characters like wander into other characters like wander into other characters like monster hunters and musicians who'll monster hunters and musicians who'll monster hunters and musicians who'll gladly tell you more about the lore gladly tell you more about the lore gladly tell you more about the lore behind Darkmore. Well, as long as you behind Darkmore. Well, as long as you behind Darkmore. Well, as long as you appear to be a friend rather than a foe. appear to be a friend rather than a foe. appear to be a friend rather than a foe. And finally, our last must do of the And finally, our last must do of the And finally, our last must do of the Dark Universe Portal, especially if Dark Universe Portal, especially if Dark Universe Portal, especially if you're wanting to get really immersed in you're wanting to get really immersed in you're wanting to get really immersed in this dark and dreary realm, is the this dark and dreary realm, is the this dark and dreary realm, is the Darkmore Monster Makeup Experience. Darkmore Monster Makeup Experience. Darkmore Monster Makeup Experience. Because why simply talk to monsters when Because why simply talk to monsters when Because why simply talk to monsters when you could become one? The Darkmore you could become one? The Darkmore you could become one? The Darkmore Monster Makeup Experience will transform Monster Makeup Experience will transform Monster Makeup Experience will transform kids and adults alike into vampires, kids and adults alike into vampires, kids and adults alike into vampires, werewolves, and other creatures of the werewolves, and other creatures of the werewolves, and other creatures of the night. You will have to book this makeup night. You will have to book this makeup night. You will have to book this makeup experience before you go, though. And experience before you go, though. And experience before you go, though. And with that reservation, you'll get a full with that reservation, you'll get a full with that reservation, you'll get a full makeup transformation, as well as makeup transformation, as well as makeup transformation, as well as matching accessories to go along with matching accessories to go along with matching accessories to go along with your new persona. Warning, if you're 21 your new persona. Warning, if you're 21 your new persona. Warning, if you're 21 and over, you cannot purchase or consume and over, you cannot purchase or consume and over, you cannot purchase or consume alcoholic beverages while you're in alcoholic beverages while you're in alcoholic beverages while you're in Darkmore makeup. According to some of Darkmore makeup. According to some of Darkmore makeup. According to some of Epic Universe's team members, the reason Epic Universe's team members, the reason Epic Universe's team members, the reason for this is because it'd be really hard for this is because it'd be really hard for this is because it'd be really hard for Universal employees to correctly ID for Universal employees to correctly ID for Universal employees to correctly ID guests who are sporting a full face of guests who are sporting a full face of guests who are sporting a full face of makeup. So, if you're wanting both a makeup. So, if you're wanting both a makeup. So, if you're wanting both a makeover and a drinking around the makeover and a drinking around the makeover and a drinking around the universe escapade, make sure to grab the universe escapade, make sure to grab the universe escapade, make sure to grab the drinks you want to try first and then do drinks you want to try first and then do drinks you want to try first and then do the monster makeup after you've tried the monster makeup after you've tried the monster makeup after you've tried what you want to try. Okay, we've been what you want to try. Okay, we've been what you want to try. Okay, we've been to Hogsme, we've been to Hogwarts, and to Hogsme, we've been to Hogwarts, and to Hogsme, we've been to Hogwarts, and we've been to Diagon Alley. But when you we've been to Diagon Alley. But when you we've been to Diagon Alley. But when you open the Wizarding World portal in Epic open the Wizarding World portal in Epic open the Wizarding World portal in Epic Universe, you'll be heading back in time Universe, you'll be heading back in time Universe, you'll be heading back in time and into Wizarding Paris. There's a lot and into Wizarding Paris. There's a lot and into Wizarding Paris. There's a lot of conflicting feelings about this one. of conflicting feelings about this one. of conflicting feelings about this one. Some people love the French architecture Some people love the French architecture Some people love the French architecture in the 1920s vibe, and others feel like in the 1920s vibe, and others feel like in the 1920s vibe, and others feel like the timeline of this wizarding portal is the timeline of this wizarding portal is the timeline of this wizarding portal is all sorts of messed up because what do all sorts of messed up because what do all sorts of messed up because what do you mean Harry Potter and co-star in you mean Harry Potter and co-star in you mean Harry Potter and co-star in battle at the Ministry when this is a battle at the Ministry when this is a battle at the Ministry when this is a realm all about Nude Scamander's time realm all about Nude Scamander's time realm all about Nude Scamander's time and setting? Guess the time turners are and setting? Guess the time turners are and setting? Guess the time turners are working overtime here and you just have working overtime here and you just have working overtime here and you just have to sort of let it go. Regardless, I to sort of let it go. Regardless, I to sort of let it go. Regardless, I think this area is lovely and if you think this area is lovely and if you think this area is lovely and if you don't overthink it too much, you'll don't overthink it too much, you'll don't overthink it too much, you'll probably feel the same way. The Ministry probably feel the same way. The Ministry probably feel the same way. The Ministry of Magic is home to the most popular of Magic is home to the most popular of Magic is home to the most popular ride of Epic Universe, Harry Potter and ride of Epic Universe, Harry Potter and ride of Epic Universe, Harry Potter and the Battle at the Ministry, which is why the Battle at the Ministry, which is why the Battle at the Ministry, which is why I've got to mention it as my first musto I've got to mention it as my first musto I've got to mention it as my first musto for the area. It's hard to really for the area. It's hard to really for the area. It's hard to really capture the Battle at the Ministry in capture the Battle at the Ministry in capture the Battle at the Ministry in words because there's a lot to this words because there's a lot to this words because there's a lot to this ride. This is mostly a screen ride with ride. This is mostly a screen ride with ride. This is mostly a screen ride with a few props and animatronics also thrown a few props and animatronics also thrown a few props and animatronics also thrown into the mix to really bring this into the mix to really bring this into the mix to really bring this attraction to life. But you won't need attraction to life. But you won't need attraction to life. But you won't need any 3D glasses in order to fully any 3D glasses in order to fully any 3D glasses in order to fully integrate yourself into the unfolding integrate yourself into the unfolding integrate yourself into the unfolding story. Now, while this attraction is story. Now, while this attraction is story. Now, while this attraction is thrilling, it's not going to take you thrilling, it's not going to take you thrilling, it's not going to take you upside down or launch you 0 to 60 or upside down or launch you 0 to 60 or upside down or launch you 0 to 60 or drop you suddenly. Okay, I lied. It drop you suddenly. Okay, I lied. It drop you suddenly. Okay, I lied. It actually does do that last part, but I actually does do that last part, but I actually does do that last part, but I promise it's not that bad. It's actually promise it's not that bad. It's actually promise it's not that bad. It's actually less intense than the little drop you less intense than the little drop you less intense than the little drop you experience on Rise of the Resistance if experience on Rise of the Resistance if experience on Rise of the Resistance if you need something to compare it to. you need something to compare it to. you need something to compare it to. You've got state-of-the-art multi-layers You've got state-of-the-art multi-layers You've got state-of-the-art multi-layers of immersion like Rise, Screen of immersion like Rise, Screen of immersion like Rise, Screen technology, and thrill temperament like technology, and thrill temperament like technology, and thrill temperament like Spider-Man, only better, and seating Spider-Man, only better, and seating Spider-Man, only better, and seating arrangement similar to Tower of Terror, arrangement similar to Tower of Terror, arrangement similar to Tower of Terror, but again, not nearly as intense of but again, not nearly as intense of but again, not nearly as intense of thrills going on here. Again, this ride thrills going on here. Again, this ride thrills going on here. Again, this ride is popular, so expect the queue for it is popular, so expect the queue for it is popular, so expect the queue for it to get real long by mid to late to get real long by mid to late to get real long by mid to late afternoon. If Battle at the Ministry is afternoon. If Battle at the Ministry is afternoon. If Battle at the Ministry is open during early admission, this is open during early admission, this is open during early admission, this is another good ride to use that hotel perk another good ride to use that hotel perk another good ride to use that hotel perk on. Similar to Mario Kart, Battle at the on. Similar to Mario Kart, Battle at the on. Similar to Mario Kart, Battle at the Ministries wait times will tend to drop Ministries wait times will tend to drop Ministries wait times will tend to drop down as it gets closer to park closing. down as it gets closer to park closing. down as it gets closer to park closing. That being said, sometimes the queue for That being said, sometimes the queue for That being said, sometimes the queue for this ride will close before the park this ride will close before the park this ride will close before the park does just because Universal doesn't want does just because Universal doesn't want does just because Universal doesn't want to keep their Battle at the Ministry to keep their Battle at the Ministry to keep their Battle at the Ministry team members working hours after their team members working hours after their team members working hours after their shifts are supposed to wrap up. Yep, shifts are supposed to wrap up. Yep, shifts are supposed to wrap up. Yep, this ride gets that popular. So, if this ride gets that popular. So, if this ride gets that popular. So, if you're trying to get on it for your you're trying to get on it for your you're trying to get on it for your first ride of the day, I'd recommend first ride of the day, I'd recommend first ride of the day, I'd recommend getting over here shortly after you getting over here shortly after you getting over here shortly after you enter the park in the morning. But if enter the park in the morning. But if enter the park in the morning. But if you're looking for a reride, wait around you're looking for a reride, wait around you're looking for a reride, wait around and see what that queue is like after and see what that queue is like after and see what that queue is like after dinner time because the wait times just dinner time because the wait times just dinner time because the wait times just might drop in your favor if the queue is might drop in your favor if the queue is might drop in your favor if the queue is still open and available. Now, even if still open and available. Now, even if still open and available. Now, even if you decide not to ride this one, I'd you decide not to ride this one, I'd you decide not to ride this one, I'd still recommend checking out the main still recommend checking out the main still recommend checking out the main queue so you can still get that flu queue so you can still get that flu queue so you can still get that flu powder experience and check out one of powder experience and check out one of powder experience and check out one of the most immersive, most impressive ride the most immersive, most impressive ride the most immersive, most impressive ride cues of all time. Now, one of my cues of all time. Now, one of my cues of all time. Now, one of my favorite elements of Universal that favorite elements of Universal that favorite elements of Universal that Disney does not yet have. If there's a Disney does not yet have. If there's a Disney does not yet have. If there's a ride you want to check out, but the line ride you want to check out, but the line ride you want to check out, but the line is just way too long for you to even is just way too long for you to even is just way too long for you to even consider jumping in the queue, you can consider jumping in the queue, you can consider jumping in the queue, you can ask the Universal app to alert you once ask the Universal app to alert you once ask the Universal app to alert you once the wait times drop down to a specific the wait times drop down to a specific the wait times drop down to a specific number. Just tap on the wait times number. Just tap on the wait times number. Just tap on the wait times button on the home menu, select the ride button on the home menu, select the ride button on the home menu, select the ride you want to keep an eye on, and scroll you want to keep an eye on, and scroll you want to keep an eye on, and scroll down until you see the wait time alert down until you see the wait time alert down until you see the wait time alert option. You'll have to enable option. You'll have to enable option. You'll have to enable notifications for this app before the notifications for this app before the notifications for this app before the feature will work for you. But once you feature will work for you. But once you feature will work for you. But once you do that, you can set a wait time number do that, you can set a wait time number do that, you can set a wait time number that you would be willing to wait for that you would be willing to wait for that you would be willing to wait for and ask the app to alert you once the and ask the app to alert you once the and ask the app to alert you once the ride reaches that weight in real life. ride reaches that weight in real life. ride reaches that weight in real life. Once the ride time actually drops down Once the ride time actually drops down Once the ride time actually drops down to that number, the app will ping you to that number, the app will ping you to that number, the app will ping you through your push notifications, so you through your push notifications, so you through your push notifications, so you don't have to constantly be checking don't have to constantly be checking don't have to constantly be checking your phone and keeping tabs on the wait your phone and keeping tabs on the wait your phone and keeping tabs on the wait times yourself. Now, if you want to times yourself. Now, if you want to times yourself. Now, if you want to experience an attraction in Ministry of experience an attraction in Ministry of experience an attraction in Ministry of Magic that doesn't require a potential Magic that doesn't require a potential Magic that doesn't require a potential forever wait, I can't recommend this forever wait, I can't recommend this forever wait, I can't recommend this second must do, Lasserk or Canoe enough. second must do, Lasserk or Canoe enough. second must do, Lasserk or Canoe enough. This is a show under the big top, full This is a show under the big top, full This is a show under the big top, full of puppets and immersive circus acts and of puppets and immersive circus acts and of puppets and immersive circus acts and a whole lot of, as cheesy as it sounds, a whole lot of, as cheesy as it sounds, a whole lot of, as cheesy as it sounds, magic. Now, don't make fun of me, but my magic. Now, don't make fun of me, but my magic. Now, don't make fun of me, but my next three must dos for Ministry of next three must dos for Ministry of next three must dos for Ministry of Magic are all food, because holy cow, Magic are all food, because holy cow, Magic are all food, because holy cow, the food here really makes you forget the food here really makes you forget the food here really makes you forget that you're dining at a theme park and a that you're dining at a theme park and a that you're dining at a theme park and a universal theme park at that. Cafe Leard universal theme park at that. Cafe Leard universal theme park at that. Cafe Leard deeren has a lot of standout items on deeren has a lot of standout items on deeren has a lot of standout items on its menu. The French onion soup, the its menu. The French onion soup, the its menu. The French onion soup, the kiche, the croissants, the cocktails, kiche, the croissants, the cocktails, kiche, the croissants, the cocktails, but the galletes and crepes are the real but the galletes and crepes are the real but the galletes and crepes are the real reason we're going to keep coming back reason we're going to keep coming back reason we're going to keep coming back here. Between the sweet butterbeer crepe here. Between the sweet butterbeer crepe here. Between the sweet butterbeer crepe that you can get all day long and the that you can get all day long and the that you can get all day long and the savory gallette detos and froage that savory gallette detos and froage that savory gallette detos and froage that you can get for lunch only, I've got to you can get for lunch only, I've got to you can get for lunch only, I've got to say it. Cafe lair truly has superior say it. Cafe lair truly has superior say it. Cafe lair truly has superior crepes and gallettes to the ones you can crepes and gallettes to the ones you can crepes and gallettes to the ones you can get in Epcot's France pavilion. Sorry. get in Epcot's France pavilion. Sorry. get in Epcot's France pavilion. Sorry. The Goblet Noir is another solid quick The Goblet Noir is another solid quick The Goblet Noir is another solid quick service option, albeit darker and with a service option, albeit darker and with a service option, albeit darker and with a few more heavier entree. Well, a lot few more heavier entree. Well, a lot few more heavier entree. Well, a lot more heavier entre. I'd consider it a more heavier entre. I'd consider it a more heavier entre. I'd consider it a cross between the darker settings of the cross between the darker settings of the cross between the darker settings of the three broomsticks and the leaky cauldron three broomsticks and the leaky cauldron three broomsticks and the leaky cauldron available in the other Universal Orlando available in the other Universal Orlando available in the other Universal Orlando wizarding worlds, but with the shine and wizarding worlds, but with the shine and wizarding worlds, but with the shine and upkeep that you'll experience at Cafe upkeep that you'll experience at Cafe upkeep that you'll experience at Cafe Lair Delisaren. According to the lore of Lair Delisaren. According to the lore of Lair Delisaren. According to the lore of this place, Nicholas Flamel, aka the this place, Nicholas Flamel, aka the this place, Nicholas Flamel, aka the alchemist who created the infamous alchemist who created the infamous alchemist who created the infamous sorcerer stone featured in the first sorcerer stone featured in the first sorcerer stone featured in the first film and book lives above the film and book lives above the film and book lives above the restaurant, which is why you're going to restaurant, which is why you're going to restaurant, which is why you're going to see his workshop along with several see his workshop along with several see his workshop along with several references to things like the Deathly references to things like the Deathly references to things like the Deathly Hallows and the Brothers Grim. Again, Hallows and the Brothers Grim. Again, Hallows and the Brothers Grim. Again, the food offered here is the kind of the food offered here is the kind of the food offered here is the kind of food you'd probably prefer to eat when food you'd probably prefer to eat when food you'd probably prefer to eat when it's much cooler out. Noodle soup, Jäger it's much cooler out. Noodle soup, Jäger it's much cooler out. Noodle soup, Jäger schnitle, a full-on alchemist platter schnitle, a full-on alchemist platter schnitle, a full-on alchemist platter featuring samplings of smoked sausage, featuring samplings of smoked sausage, featuring samplings of smoked sausage, potato and cheese perogis, marinated potato and cheese perogis, marinated potato and cheese perogis, marinated beets, pickled egg, caramelized onions, beets, pickled egg, caramelized onions, beets, pickled egg, caramelized onions, and a warm pretzel with German mustard and a warm pretzel with German mustard and a warm pretzel with German mustard and cheese fondue. Side note, the DFB and cheese fondue. Side note, the DFB and cheese fondue. Side note, the DFB team and I were discussing how weird it team and I were discussing how weird it team and I were discussing how weird it is that there's all this German food is that there's all this German food is that there's all this German food being served up in Wizarding Paris. But being served up in Wizarding Paris. But being served up in Wizarding Paris. But as we were swapping theories around, we as we were swapping theories around, we as we were swapping theories around, we decided that what makes sense tonally is decided that what makes sense tonally is decided that what makes sense tonally is that Grindlewald was the big dark wizard that Grindlewald was the big dark wizard that Grindlewald was the big dark wizard and main antagonist for the Fantastic and main antagonist for the Fantastic and main antagonist for the Fantastic Beast series. And since Grindlewald is Beast series. And since Grindlewald is Beast series. And since Grindlewald is Austrian, that might have been enough Austrian, that might have been enough Austrian, that might have been enough for Universal to say, "Let's do a German for Universal to say, "Let's do a German for Universal to say, "Let's do a German quick service instead of another French quick service instead of another French quick service instead of another French one since we've already got that one one since we've already got that one one since we've already got that one over at Cafe Lair." Again, not canon, over at Cafe Lair." Again, not canon, over at Cafe Lair." Again, not canon, but it's the best theory we've got. but it's the best theory we've got. but it's the best theory we've got. Regardless, this spot is still spacious, Regardless, this spot is still spacious, Regardless, this spot is still spacious, well aironditioned, relaxing, and serves well aironditioned, relaxing, and serves well aironditioned, relaxing, and serves up high quality stuff. And then there's up high quality stuff. And then there's up high quality stuff. And then there's Bar Moonshine. Now, even if you don't Bar Moonshine. Now, even if you don't Bar Moonshine. Now, even if you don't tend to partake in alcoholic beverages, tend to partake in alcoholic beverages, tend to partake in alcoholic beverages, there's still something for everyone at there's still something for everyone at there's still something for everyone at Bar Moonshine. Though, I will say the Bar Moonshine. Though, I will say the Bar Moonshine. Though, I will say the alcoholic stuff really packs a punch. alcoholic stuff really packs a punch. alcoholic stuff really packs a punch. One of the biggest boozy crowd-pleasers One of the biggest boozy crowd-pleasers One of the biggest boozy crowd-pleasers here is the low blaster made with here is the low blaster made with here is the low blaster made with moonshine, lemon cello, absin, lemon moonshine, lemon cello, absin, lemon moonshine, lemon cello, absin, lemon juice, club soda, and simple syrup. Then juice, club soda, and simple syrup. Then juice, club soda, and simple syrup. Then garnished with a rosemary sprig and garnished with a rosemary sprig and garnished with a rosemary sprig and layered with an emulsion vert. Word of layered with an emulsion vert. Word of layered with an emulsion vert. Word of warning, this is a drink you sip, not warning, this is a drink you sip, not warning, this is a drink you sip, not gulp. Just laying it out there for you. gulp. Just laying it out there for you. gulp. Just laying it out there for you. If you want a fun, kid-friendly, If you want a fun, kid-friendly, If you want a fun, kid-friendly, non-alcoholic elixir, the Aammy tea is non-alcoholic elixir, the Aammy tea is non-alcoholic elixir, the Aammy tea is fun, albeit sweet, as a mocktail. This fun, albeit sweet, as a mocktail. This fun, albeit sweet, as a mocktail. This is a cooling blue refresher served with is a cooling blue refresher served with is a cooling blue refresher served with a magical tea bag that transforms to a a magical tea bag that transforms to a a magical tea bag that transforms to a glittering purple when mixed together. glittering purple when mixed together. glittering purple when mixed together. Okay, how's about a few honorable Okay, how's about a few honorable Okay, how's about a few honorable mention must dos before we move on. mention must dos before we move on. mention must dos before we move on. Kamel, get it? Caramel is this Wizarding Kamel, get it? Caramel is this Wizarding Kamel, get it? Caramel is this Wizarding World's confectionary shop, much like World's confectionary shop, much like World's confectionary shop, much like how Islands of Adventure has honey dukes how Islands of Adventure has honey dukes how Islands of Adventure has honey dukes and Universal Studios has sugar plums. and Universal Studios has sugar plums. and Universal Studios has sugar plums. And yet K Ramel really sets itself apart And yet K Ramel really sets itself apart And yet K Ramel really sets itself apart with its over-the-top petite cakes like with its over-the-top petite cakes like with its over-the-top petite cakes like the K Ramel Petite Gateau made with the K Ramel Petite Gateau made with the K Ramel Petite Gateau made with blackberry and lavender, the Boba Pete blackberry and lavender, the Boba Pete blackberry and lavender, the Boba Pete with blueberry and lemon, and the with blueberry and lemon, and the with blueberry and lemon, and the tiramisu flavored Ministry of Magic tiramisu flavored Ministry of Magic tiramisu flavored Ministry of Magic Petite Gateau. And don't forget about Petite Gateau. And don't forget about Petite Gateau. And don't forget about spellcasting. You might already be spellcasting. You might already be spellcasting. You might already be familiar with the Wizarding World's familiar with the Wizarding World's familiar with the Wizarding World's interactive wands from the other two interactive wands from the other two interactive wands from the other two Universal Orlando parks, but the wands Universal Orlando parks, but the wands Universal Orlando parks, but the wands sold at Epic Universe are a whole new sold at Epic Universe are a whole new sold at Epic Universe are a whole new magical experience. Epic Universe's magical experience. Epic Universe's magical experience. Epic Universe's second generation wands feature new second generation wands feature new second generation wands feature new light effects that work when you cast light effects that work when you cast light effects that work when you cast spells throughout the land. Plus, they spells throughout the land. Plus, they spells throughout the land. Plus, they unlock a new app feature where you can unlock a new app feature where you can unlock a new app feature where you can create your wizard profile, choose your create your wizard profile, choose your create your wizard profile, choose your Hogwarts house, select your patronis, Hogwarts house, select your patronis, Hogwarts house, select your patronis, and more. The app also keeps track of and more. The app also keeps track of and more. The app also keeps track of the spells that you use and gives you the spells that you use and gives you the spells that you use and gives you the chance to earn points for your the chance to earn points for your the chance to earn points for your wizarding house. And best of all, these wizarding house. And best of all, these wizarding house. And best of all, these second generation wands work at the second generation wands work at the second generation wands work at the Wizarding Worlds at Islands of Adventure Wizarding Worlds at Islands of Adventure Wizarding Worlds at Islands of Adventure in Universal Studios Florida, too. So, in Universal Studios Florida, too. So, in Universal Studios Florida, too. So, you might wait till you get to Epic to you might wait till you get to Epic to you might wait till you get to Epic to invest in a wand. Okay. In my personal invest in a wand. Okay. In my personal invest in a wand. Okay. In my personal opinion, I have saved the best portal opinion, I have saved the best portal opinion, I have saved the best portal for last. How to Train Your Dragon: Isle for last. How to Train Your Dragon: Isle for last. How to Train Your Dragon: Isle of Burke is a dream come true for every of Burke is a dream come true for every of Burke is a dream come true for every kiddo who's ever watched Hiccup and kiddo who's ever watched Hiccup and kiddo who's ever watched Hiccup and Toothless on the big screen and thought, Toothless on the big screen and thought, Toothless on the big screen and thought, "I wish I could visit a land of dragons "I wish I could visit a land of dragons "I wish I could visit a land of dragons someday." And by kiddo, I mean me. Let's someday." And by kiddo, I mean me. Let's someday." And by kiddo, I mean me. Let's start with the must do rides of this start with the must do rides of this start with the must do rides of this land first. Most folks will tell you land first. Most folks will tell you land first. Most folks will tell you that Hiccup Wing Gliders is the biggest that Hiccup Wing Gliders is the biggest that Hiccup Wing Gliders is the biggest musto of the land, and they're probably musto of the land, and they're probably musto of the land, and they're probably not wrong. Hiccup Swing Gliders is a not wrong. Hiccup Swing Gliders is a not wrong. Hiccup Swing Gliders is a family-friendly coaster that I'd say is family-friendly coaster that I'd say is family-friendly coaster that I'd say is more intense than something like Slinky more intense than something like Slinky more intense than something like Slinky Dog Dash in Hollywood Studios, but less Dog Dash in Hollywood Studios, but less Dog Dash in Hollywood Studios, but less intense than Hagrid's Magical Creatures intense than Hagrid's Magical Creatures intense than Hagrid's Magical Creatures Motorbike Adventure in Islands of Motorbike Adventure in Islands of Motorbike Adventure in Islands of Adventure. During Wing Gliders, you'll Adventure. During Wing Gliders, you'll Adventure. During Wing Gliders, you'll experience double launches, see some experience double launches, see some experience double launches, see some impressive animatronic dragons, and fly impressive animatronic dragons, and fly impressive animatronic dragons, and fly across Burke while that iconic How to across Burke while that iconic How to across Burke while that iconic How to Train Your Dragon soundtrack swells Train Your Dragon soundtrack swells Train Your Dragon soundtrack swells around you. It's smooth and it's fast around you. It's smooth and it's fast around you. It's smooth and it's fast and it's fun, and it's a great coaster and it's fun, and it's a great coaster and it's fun, and it's a great coaster for kids who are just starting to enjoy for kids who are just starting to enjoy for kids who are just starting to enjoy the more intense stuff. Keep in mind the more intense stuff. Keep in mind the more intense stuff. Keep in mind that the Q- line for Hiccups is mostly that the Q- line for Hiccups is mostly that the Q- line for Hiccups is mostly covered, but it's still completely covered, but it's still completely covered, but it's still completely outdoors, which can get hot with a outdoors, which can get hot with a outdoors, which can get hot with a capital H hot t. Much like some of the capital H hot t. Much like some of the capital H hot t. Much like some of the other more popular rides on today's other more popular rides on today's other more popular rides on today's list, this might be a better option for list, this might be a better option for list, this might be a better option for you to hit up first thing in the you to hit up first thing in the you to hit up first thing in the morning, or you might want to wait until morning, or you might want to wait until morning, or you might want to wait until the sun sets so that the Q-ine's a the sun sets so that the Q-ine's a the sun sets so that the Q-ine's a little more bearable to stand in. I, for little more bearable to stand in. I, for little more bearable to stand in. I, for one, want to claim Dragon Racers Rally one, want to claim Dragon Racers Rally one, want to claim Dragon Racers Rally as a top ride in Burke for me, though I as a top ride in Burke for me, though I as a top ride in Burke for me, though I know most people will disagree with that know most people will disagree with that know most people will disagree with that wholeheartedly, including most of my wholeheartedly, including most of my wholeheartedly, including most of my team. And that's fine. I can admit this team. And that's fine. I can admit this team. And that's fine. I can admit this is a more unpopular option, but I don't is a more unpopular option, but I don't is a more unpopular option, but I don't care. I still love it. Dragon Racers care. I still love it. Dragon Racers care. I still love it. Dragon Racers Rally is both a spinning ride and a Rally is both a spinning ride and a Rally is both a spinning ride and a flying ride, giving you the opportunity flying ride, giving you the opportunity flying ride, giving you the opportunity to barrel roll if you know what you're to barrel roll if you know what you're to barrel roll if you know what you're doing. If you want to get that barrel doing. If you want to get that barrel doing. If you want to get that barrel roll, you're going to have to work for roll, you're going to have to work for roll, you're going to have to work for it. Thankfully, Dragon Racers Rally does it. Thankfully, Dragon Racers Rally does it. Thankfully, Dragon Racers Rally does help you out in the queue by listing off help you out in the queue by listing off help you out in the queue by listing off instructions on how to operate your instructions on how to operate your instructions on how to operate your little trainer dragon. Now, while I'm little trainer dragon. Now, while I'm little trainer dragon. Now, while I'm not going to name it as a must do not going to name it as a must do not going to name it as a must do experience, I will shout out Isle of experience, I will shout out Isle of experience, I will shout out Isle of Burke's third ride, Fire Drill, as a Burke's third ride, Fire Drill, as a Burke's third ride, Fire Drill, as a solid honorable mention. Fire Drill is solid honorable mention. Fire Drill is solid honorable mention. Fire Drill is an all ages boat ride/competition where an all ages boat ride/competition where an all ages boat ride/competition where you'll be working to outscore and out you'll be working to outscore and out you'll be working to outscore and out soak riders and other boats passing by. soak riders and other boats passing by. soak riders and other boats passing by. This means blasting water cannons at This means blasting water cannons at This means blasting water cannons at flamelike targets to practice putting flamelike targets to practice putting flamelike targets to practice putting out fires since, you know, with an out fires since, you know, with an out fires since, you know, with an island full of dragons, things bursting island full of dragons, things bursting island full of dragons, things bursting into flames is kind of a common into flames is kind of a common into flames is kind of a common occurrence. This one is bound to get you occurrence. This one is bound to get you occurrence. This one is bound to get you soaked, so you might want to have a soaked, so you might want to have a soaked, so you might want to have a spare change of clothes on hand, or you spare change of clothes on hand, or you spare change of clothes on hand, or you might want to save back your nickels and might want to save back your nickels and might want to save back your nickels and dimes to use one of the nearby people dimes to use one of the nearby people dimes to use one of the nearby people dryers. Now, once again, Epic Universe dryers. Now, once again, Epic Universe dryers. Now, once again, Epic Universe is proving that Universal stepped up is proving that Universal stepped up is proving that Universal stepped up their dining game by offering yet their dining game by offering yet their dining game by offering yet another musto quick service in Burke another musto quick service in Burke another musto quick service in Burke called Me Hall. Now, Bria told me that called Me Hall. Now, Bria told me that called Me Hall. Now, Bria told me that Meh Hall is her favorite restaurant in Meh Hall is her favorite restaurant in Meh Hall is her favorite restaurant in Epic Universe, period. And that kind of Epic Universe, period. And that kind of Epic Universe, period. And that kind of makes sense when you're thinking about makes sense when you're thinking about makes sense when you're thinking about Bria. Between the spacious dining room Bria. Between the spacious dining room Bria. Between the spacious dining room and Viking setting and various hearty and Viking setting and various hearty and Viking setting and various hearty yet interesting and flavorful options, yet interesting and flavorful options, yet interesting and flavorful options, including the Berserker's meatballs, including the Berserker's meatballs, including the Berserker's meatballs, Hiccup's grilled salmon, Dober the Hiccup's grilled salmon, Dober the Hiccup's grilled salmon, Dober the Belch's turkey wings, and more. This is Belch's turkey wings, and more. This is Belch's turkey wings, and more. This is a rare moment when Bria and I both agree a rare moment when Bria and I both agree a rare moment when Bria and I both agree on something food related, but I would on something food related, but I would on something food related, but I would not say it's my favorite. I would still not say it's my favorite. I would still not say it's my favorite. I would still say Cafe Lair Deeren is my favorite say Cafe Lair Deeren is my favorite say Cafe Lair Deeren is my favorite place to eat in Epic Universe. But the place to eat in Epic Universe. But the place to eat in Epic Universe. But the Burke snack stands do deserve an Burke snack stands do deserve an Burke snack stands do deserve an honorable mention, too. The loaded mac honorable mention, too. The loaded mac honorable mention, too. The loaded mac and cheese cones over at Hooligans Grog and cheese cones over at Hooligans Grog and cheese cones over at Hooligans Grog and Grul have quickly become a DFB team and Grul have quickly become a DFB team and Grul have quickly become a DFB team favorite. And apparently everyone else favorite. And apparently everyone else favorite. And apparently everyone else agrees with us, too, because the lines agrees with us, too, because the lines agrees with us, too, because the lines for this snack stand can get very long. for this snack stand can get very long. for this snack stand can get very long. Now, here's a hot tip. The same mac and Now, here's a hot tip. The same mac and Now, here's a hot tip. The same mac and cheese cones can be ordered at Spitfire cheese cones can be ordered at Spitfire cheese cones can be ordered at Spitfire Grill. And that means skipping the Grill. And that means skipping the Grill. And that means skipping the physical line at Hooligans altogether in physical line at Hooligans altogether in physical line at Hooligans altogether in exchange for a virtual weight. So mobile exchange for a virtual weight. So mobile exchange for a virtual weight. So mobile order those babies. And Burke is the order those babies. And Burke is the order those babies. And Burke is the second portal to offer up a live stage second portal to offer up a live stage second portal to offer up a live stage show in Epic Universe. And depending on show in Epic Universe. And depending on show in Epic Universe. And depending on your group, this might be an even bigger your group, this might be an even bigger your group, this might be an even bigger musto than Lerar Canoe. During the musto than Lerar Canoe. During the musto than Lerar Canoe. During the Untrainable Dragon, Toothless, Hiccup, Untrainable Dragon, Toothless, Hiccup, Untrainable Dragon, Toothless, Hiccup, and all their friends work together to and all their friends work together to and all their friends work together to solve the mystery of, well, a dragon solve the mystery of, well, a dragon solve the mystery of, well, a dragon that appears to be untrainable. The that appears to be untrainable. The that appears to be untrainable. The whole theater is highly immersive and whole theater is highly immersive and whole theater is highly immersive and has stadium style seating, so benches has stadium style seating, so benches has stadium style seating, so benches with high backs. It also features with high backs. It also features with high backs. It also features amazing puppets as well as a standout amazing puppets as well as a standout amazing puppets as well as a standout moment when paused for dramatic effect, moment when paused for dramatic effect, moment when paused for dramatic effect, Toothless flies over the audience. But Toothless flies over the audience. But Toothless flies over the audience. But why only see Toothless when you could why only see Toothless when you could why only see Toothless when you could also meet him live and in person? also meet him live and in person? also meet him live and in person? Toothless is definitely Epic Universe's Toothless is definitely Epic Universe's Toothless is definitely Epic Universe's main celebrity and a big must do for main celebrity and a big must do for main celebrity and a big must do for many. But the good news is that he tends many. But the good news is that he tends many. But the good news is that he tends to hang around the aisle of Burke all to hang around the aisle of Burke all to hang around the aisle of Burke all day, so you'll have lots of chances to day, so you'll have lots of chances to day, so you'll have lots of chances to meet him. That being said, make sure you meet him. That being said, make sure you meet him. That being said, make sure you don't wait until the very end of the day don't wait until the very end of the day don't wait until the very end of the day to meet him, cuz his line could cut off to meet him, cuz his line could cut off to meet him, cuz his line could cut off an hour before park close to make sure an hour before park close to make sure an hour before park close to make sure everyone who's already in line gets the everyone who's already in line gets the everyone who's already in line gets the chance to say hello. Toothless isn't the chance to say hello. Toothless isn't the chance to say hello. Toothless isn't the only dragon you're going to see during only dragon you're going to see during only dragon you're going to see during your time wandering Burke, though. Lots your time wandering Burke, though. Lots your time wandering Burke, though. Lots of dragons hang around these parts, of dragons hang around these parts, of dragons hang around these parts, including guest appearances from the including guest appearances from the including guest appearances from the nightlights, Toothless's kiddos. There nightlights, Toothless's kiddos. There nightlights, Toothless's kiddos. There are three nightlights you could are three nightlights you could are three nightlights you could potentially see during your time in potentially see during your time in potentially see during your time in Burke. Ruffrunner, who's black with Burke. Ruffrunner, who's black with Burke. Ruffrunner, who's black with white paws. Dart, who's black on top and white paws. Dart, who's black on top and white paws. Dart, who's black on top and white on her tummy, and Pouncer, who's white on her tummy, and Pouncer, who's white on her tummy, and Pouncer, who's stark white through and through. stark white through and through. stark white through and through. Unfortunately, there are no set times Unfortunately, there are no set times Unfortunately, there are no set times that the nightlights come out and that the nightlights come out and that the nightlights come out and interact with folks. But if you see a interact with folks. But if you see a interact with folks. But if you see a group start to gather next to the group start to gather next to the group start to gather next to the Toothless meet and greet, then you'll Toothless meet and greet, then you'll Toothless meet and greet, then you'll need to hurry on over to say hello to need to hurry on over to say hello to need to hurry on over to say hello to these time jumping cuties. Also, while these time jumping cuties. Also, while these time jumping cuties. Also, while you're in this section of the park, be you're in this section of the park, be you're in this section of the park, be sure to look up. They've been pretty sure to look up. They've been pretty sure to look up. They've been pretty elusive, but we do know that every once elusive, but we do know that every once elusive, but we do know that every once in a blue moon, you can see flying in a blue moon, you can see flying in a blue moon, you can see flying dragons hovering near the nightlights, dragons hovering near the nightlights, dragons hovering near the nightlights, too. So, if you're lucky, maybe you'll too. So, if you're lucky, maybe you'll too. So, if you're lucky, maybe you'll be able to see them in action. Yeah, I be able to see them in action. Yeah, I be able to see them in action. Yeah, I think it's about time for me to hightail think it's about time for me to hightail think it's about time for me to hightail it back to Epic Universe. Wouldn't you it back to Epic Universe. Wouldn't you it back to Epic Universe. Wouldn't you say? I need to rewrite Dragon Racers say? I need to rewrite Dragon Racers say? I need to rewrite Dragon Racers Rally like right now. We got plenty more Rally like right now. We got plenty more Rally like right now. We got plenty more Universal Orlando videos for you to Universal Orlando videos for you to Universal Orlando videos for you to check out next if you want to keep on check out next if you want to keep on check out next if you want to keep on planning your 2026 vacation. Maybe it's planning your 2026 vacation. Maybe it's planning your 2026 vacation. Maybe it's time for you to see the best Universal time for you to see the best Universal time for you to see the best Universal Orlando hotels in 2026 and which to Orlando hotels in 2026 and which to Orlando hotels in 2026 and which to avoid. Or 50 new Universal Orlando tips avoid. Or 50 new Universal Orlando tips avoid. Or 50 new Universal Orlando tips for 2026. Or maybe you need to watch for 2026. Or maybe you need to watch for 2026. Or maybe you need to watch both. I think this is a marathon. Oh, both. I think this is a marathon. Oh, both. I think this is a marathon. Oh, and don't forget to pick up that free and don't forget to pick up that free and don't forget to pick up that free Epic Universe guide if you haven't Epic Universe guide if you haven't Epic Universe guide if you haven't already over at disneyfoodblog.com/epic. already over at disneyfoodblog.com/epic. already over at disneyfoodblog.com/epic. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks Thanks for listening everyone and thanks Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for for watching. As always, this is AJ for for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real soon.
