---
video_id: njOvHToyvJw
channel: DFBGuide
title: "50 New Disneyland Tips for 2026"
published: 2025-12-22
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njOvHToyvJw
---
Ready for a new year of rides and Ready for a new year of rides and Ready for a new year of rides and attractions, entertainment, food, and attractions, entertainment, food, and attractions, entertainment, food, and more in Disneyland? Then get ready for more in Disneyland? Then get ready for more in Disneyland? Then get ready for today's jam-packed video full of new today's jam-packed video full of new today's jam-packed video full of new tips, new offerings, new tips, new offerings, new tips, new offerings, new recommendations, and just a whole lot of recommendations, and just a whole lot of recommendations, and just a whole lot of new. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. I absolutely love when y'all flood Blog. I absolutely love when y'all flood Blog. I absolutely love when y'all flood the comments and ask for more Disneyland the comments and ask for more Disneyland the comments and ask for more Disneyland videos because they are so fun to make. videos because they are so fun to make. videos because they are so fun to make. And this one was especially fun because And this one was especially fun because And this one was especially fun because we get to talk about a lot of new stuff we get to talk about a lot of new stuff we get to talk about a lot of new stuff coming to Disneyland in 2026, while also coming to Disneyland in 2026, while also coming to Disneyland in 2026, while also providing you with some updated tips and providing you with some updated tips and providing you with some updated tips and tricks to make sure you don't miss out tricks to make sure you don't miss out tricks to make sure you don't miss out on all the future must do experiences. on all the future must do experiences. on all the future must do experiences. There's a lot coming to Disneyland this There's a lot coming to Disneyland this There's a lot coming to Disneyland this year. Starting on March 22nd, 2026, year. Starting on March 22nd, 2026, year. Starting on March 22nd, 2026, Bluey's Best Day Ever is going to debut Bluey's Best Day Ever is going to debut Bluey's Best Day Ever is going to debut at Fantasy Land Theater in Disneyland. at Fantasy Land Theater in Disneyland. at Fantasy Land Theater in Disneyland. Now, Disney says this new show is going Now, Disney says this new show is going Now, Disney says this new show is going to celebrate the heart and humor of the to celebrate the heart and humor of the to celebrate the heart and humor of the critically acclaimed Disney Plus critically acclaimed Disney Plus critically acclaimed Disney Plus animated series, but it's not just a animated series, but it's not just a animated series, but it's not just a regular show. It's a really cool show regular show. It's a really cool show regular show. It's a really cool show and an immersive one at that. The and an immersive one at that. The and an immersive one at that. The Fantasy Land Theater is going to Fantasy Land Theater is going to Fantasy Land Theater is going to transform into Blue's school. So, transform into Blue's school. So, transform into Blue's school. So, throughout the day, Blue and her sister throughout the day, Blue and her sister throughout the day, Blue and her sister Bingo will get up on stage joining a Bingo will get up on stage joining a Bingo will get up on stage joining a group of musicians and comedic actors to group of musicians and comedic actors to group of musicians and comedic actors to pull music and games straight from the pull music and games straight from the pull music and games straight from the show and into real life. Oh, and there show and into real life. Oh, and there show and into real life. Oh, and there will also be themed specialty food will also be themed specialty food will also be themed specialty food available at Triador Tavern. Crossing my available at Triador Tavern. Crossing my available at Triador Tavern. Crossing my fingers for some sort of bluey baked fingers for some sort of bluey baked fingers for some sort of bluey baked potato. Sorry friends, but a stay at a potato. Sorry friends, but a stay at a potato. Sorry friends, but a stay at a Disneyland hotel, any Disneyland hotel, Disneyland hotel, any Disneyland hotel, Disneyland hotel, any Disneyland hotel, no longer means early theme park entry no longer means early theme park entry no longer means early theme park entry anymore. Starting January 5th, 2026, the anymore. Starting January 5th, 2026, the anymore. Starting January 5th, 2026, the early morning perk, which allows you to early morning perk, which allows you to early morning perk, which allows you to go into one of the two Disneyland parks go into one of the two Disneyland parks go into one of the two Disneyland parks going away for good. So, if you're going away for good. So, if you're going away for good. So, if you're wanting a head start for the most wanting a head start for the most wanting a head start for the most popular ride cues in either park, your popular ride cues in either park, your popular ride cues in either park, your best bet for doing that in 2026 is by best bet for doing that in 2026 is by best bet for doing that in 2026 is by getting up and around for rope drop getting up and around for rope drop getting up and around for rope drop right at opening time. But don't stress right at opening time. But don't stress right at opening time. But don't stress too much about missing the early theme too much about missing the early theme too much about missing the early theme park entry perk. Those who are planning park entry perk. Those who are planning park entry perk. Those who are planning to stay at one of the Disneyland hotels to stay at one of the Disneyland hotels to stay at one of the Disneyland hotels in 2026 will get one free Lightning Lane in 2026 will get one free Lightning Lane in 2026 will get one free Lightning Lane per person per stay instead. This per person per stay instead. This per person per stay instead. This Lightning Lane will be part of Lightning Lightning Lane will be part of Lightning Lightning Lane will be part of Lightning Lane Multipass and can help you skip the Lane Multipass and can help you skip the Lane Multipass and can help you skip the line at most rides, but you're not going line at most rides, but you're not going line at most rides, but you're not going to be able to use it for Radiator to be able to use it for Radiator to be able to use it for Radiator Springs Racers in California Adventure Springs Racers in California Adventure Springs Racers in California Adventure or Star Wars Rise of the Resistance in or Star Wars Rise of the Resistance in or Star Wars Rise of the Resistance in Disneyland since those are both normally Disneyland since those are both normally Disneyland since those are both normally single pass lightning lane options. The single pass lightning lane options. The single pass lightning lane options. The Lightning Lane will be available as long Lightning Lane will be available as long Lightning Lane will be available as long as you've got valid park admission and as you've got valid park admission and as you've got valid park admission and reservations locked in at the hotels. reservations locked in at the hotels. reservations locked in at the hotels. Disney Vacation Club reservations also Disney Vacation Club reservations also Disney Vacation Club reservations also qualify, but Good Neighbor Hotel qualify, but Good Neighbor Hotel qualify, but Good Neighbor Hotel bookings do not. The Lightning Lane perk bookings do not. The Lightning Lane perk bookings do not. The Lightning Lane perk is nice since it'll let you skip a line is nice since it'll let you skip a line is nice since it'll let you skip a line in the parks without having to wake up in the parks without having to wake up in the parks without having to wake up early to do so. But unlike early entry, early to do so. But unlike early entry, early to do so. But unlike early entry, which was available every day, you'll which was available every day, you'll which was available every day, you'll only receive one free Lightning Lane for only receive one free Lightning Lane for only receive one free Lightning Lane for your entire stay. So, it's a good your entire stay. So, it's a good your entire stay. So, it's a good benefit, but not exactly as good as what benefit, but not exactly as good as what benefit, but not exactly as good as what we used to have. So, based on that, we used to have. So, based on that, we used to have. So, based on that, stuff might take a little more planning stuff might take a little more planning stuff might take a little more planning than normal. So, exciting news. We than normal. So, exciting news. We than normal. So, exciting news. We recently updated our three perfect days recently updated our three perfect days recently updated our three perfect days in Disneyland PDF. free PDF, mind you, in Disneyland PDF. free PDF, mind you, in Disneyland PDF. free PDF, mind you, that you can use as a springboard for that you can use as a springboard for that you can use as a springboard for planning your trip out west, as well as planning your trip out west, as well as planning your trip out west, as well as seeing the major difference between seeing the major difference between seeing the major difference between traveling to Disneyland and Disney traveling to Disneyland and Disney traveling to Disneyland and Disney World. Just scan the QR code you see on World. Just scan the QR code you see on World. Just scan the QR code you see on the screen now or head to the screen now or head to the screen now or head to disneyfoodblog.com/dland disneyfoodblog.com/dland disneyfoodblog.com/dland plans, and we'll send that PDF your way plans, and we'll send that PDF your way plans, and we'll send that PDF your way right away. All the newest restaurants right away. All the newest restaurants right away. All the newest restaurants coming to the Disneyland bubble in 2026 coming to the Disneyland bubble in 2026 coming to the Disneyland bubble in 2026 will be located in the Downtown Disney will be located in the Downtown Disney will be located in the Downtown Disney scene, at least as far as we know right scene, at least as far as we know right scene, at least as far as we know right now. Disney's probably got some stuff up now. Disney's probably got some stuff up now. Disney's probably got some stuff up their sleeves. And the best part about their sleeves. And the best part about their sleeves. And the best part about this is that you don't even need a park this is that you don't even need a park this is that you don't even need a park ticket to try them. In 2026, expect to ticket to try them. In 2026, expect to ticket to try them. In 2026, expect to find Bobo Go, a boba tea shop, which I'm find Bobo Go, a boba tea shop, which I'm find Bobo Go, a boba tea shop, which I'm so stoked about. Arthur and Sun Steak so stoked about. Arthur and Sun Steak so stoked about. Arthur and Sun Steak and Bourbon, which is taking over where and Bourbon, which is taking over where and Bourbon, which is taking over where Tortilla Joe's used to be, and it is Tortilla Joe's used to be, and it is Tortilla Joe's used to be, and it is looking incredible. Pearl's Roadside looking incredible. Pearl's Roadside looking incredible. Pearl's Roadside Barbecue Restaurant. Porto's Bakery for Barbecue Restaurant. Porto's Bakery for Barbecue Restaurant. Porto's Bakery for sweet pastries and Cuban inspired sweet pastries and Cuban inspired sweet pastries and Cuban inspired dishes. And have you had those dishes. And have you had those dishes. And have you had those Thanksgiving bowls from there? Cuz they Thanksgiving bowls from there? Cuz they Thanksgiving bowls from there? Cuz they are so good. We've also got a new Earl are so good. We've also got a new Earl are so good. We've also got a new Earl of Sandwich location. And Gordon Ramsay of Sandwich location. And Gordon Ramsay of Sandwich location. And Gordon Ramsay is opening the Carnaby Tavern which will is opening the Carnaby Tavern which will is opening the Carnaby Tavern which will be on the second floor of the Earl of be on the second floor of the Earl of be on the second floor of the Earl of Sandwich building. V excited. Pixar Sandwich building. V excited. Pixar Sandwich building. V excited. Pixar Place has some really cool new premium Place has some really cool new premium Place has some really cool new premium suites that you can now book to make you suites that you can now book to make you suites that you can now book to make you feel like you're part of one of the feel like you're part of one of the feel like you're part of one of the Pixar films. There are two different Pixar films. There are two different Pixar films. There are two different movies you can potentially be immersed movies you can potentially be immersed movies you can potentially be immersed within. The Coco suite is inspired by within. The Coco suite is inspired by within. The Coco suite is inspired by the Rivera family oienda and even the Rivera family oienda and even the Rivera family oienda and even includes family photos and momentos includes family photos and momentos includes family photos and momentos that'll make you feel like you're right that'll make you feel like you're right that'll make you feel like you're right at home with them. While the incredible at home with them. While the incredible at home with them. While the incredible suite features mid-century designs with suite features mid-century designs with suite features mid-century designs with the primary bedroom inspired by the par the primary bedroom inspired by the par the primary bedroom inspired by the par parents and the connecting room inspired parents and the connecting room inspired parents and the connecting room inspired by Edna Mode, the entryway also features by Edna Mode, the entryway also features by Edna Mode, the entryway also features this really cool hand scanning prop, this really cool hand scanning prop, this really cool hand scanning prop, which is only the beginning of all the which is only the beginning of all the which is only the beginning of all the super inspired touches and special super inspired touches and special super inspired touches and special effects featured throughout the suite, effects featured throughout the suite, effects featured throughout the suite, like a spy phone and hidden messages and like a spy phone and hidden messages and like a spy phone and hidden messages and secret doors and more. 2025 was the secret doors and more. 2025 was the secret doors and more. 2025 was the kickoff to Disneyland's 70th anniversary kickoff to Disneyland's 70th anniversary kickoff to Disneyland's 70th anniversary celebration, and the festivities are celebration, and the festivities are celebration, and the festivities are still going on, but they won't be still going on, but they won't be still going on, but they won't be happening for all of 2026. When August happening for all of 2026. When August happening for all of 2026. When August going to start to finally wrap up, going to start to finally wrap up, going to start to finally wrap up, meaning limited time shows like the meaning limited time shows like the meaning limited time shows like the Wondrous Journeys Castle Show in Wondrous Journeys Castle Show in Wondrous Journeys Castle Show in Disneyland, Paint the Night, also in Disneyland, Paint the Night, also in Disneyland, Paint the Night, also in Disneyland, that awesome nighttime Disneyland, that awesome nighttime Disneyland, that awesome nighttime parade, and the World of Color Happiness parade, and the World of Color Happiness parade, and the World of Color Happiness in California Adventure could wrap up in California Adventure could wrap up in California Adventure could wrap up around the same time that The around the same time that The around the same time that The Celebration does. So, if you're wanting Celebration does. So, if you're wanting Celebration does. So, if you're wanting to see these shows before they're gone to see these shows before they're gone to see these shows before they're gone for good, or at least gone for a little for good, or at least gone for a little for good, or at least gone for a little while before some other specialty event while before some other specialty event while before some other specialty event brings them back, then make sure you brings them back, then make sure you brings them back, then make sure you plan your Disneyland trip for the first plan your Disneyland trip for the first plan your Disneyland trip for the first half of the year to increase your half of the year to increase your half of the year to increase your chances of seeing those. Now, here's chances of seeing those. Now, here's chances of seeing those. Now, here's something fun for the Disneyland vets something fun for the Disneyland vets something fun for the Disneyland vets out there. The Paint the Night Parade, out there. The Paint the Night Parade, out there. The Paint the Night Parade, currently happening in Disneyland, is a currently happening in Disneyland, is a currently happening in Disneyland, is a returning parade that originally made returning parade that originally made returning parade that originally made its debut back in 2015 for Disneyland's its debut back in 2015 for Disneyland's its debut back in 2015 for Disneyland's Now, back when the parade was first Now, back when the parade was first Now, back when the parade was first introduced, Disney used to sell these introduced, Disney used to sell these introduced, Disney used to sell these interactive paint brushes, which could interactive paint brushes, which could interactive paint brushes, which could be used by guests during the performance be used by guests during the performance be used by guests during the performance to change the light colors of the parade to change the light colors of the parade to change the light colors of the parade floats going by. Disneyland isn't floats going by. Disneyland isn't floats going by. Disneyland isn't currently selling anything like it at currently selling anything like it at currently selling anything like it at the moment, though, your Magic Band Plus the moment, though, your Magic Band Plus the moment, though, your Magic Band Plus will still light up along with the show will still light up along with the show will still light up along with the show if you purchased one for the trip. if you purchased one for the trip. if you purchased one for the trip. However, Disney has confirmed that if However, Disney has confirmed that if However, Disney has confirmed that if you still have one of those paint you still have one of those paint you still have one of those paint brushes from ye old days, they still brushes from ye old days, they still brushes from ye old days, they still work on the Paint the Night parade work on the Paint the Night parade work on the Paint the Night parade floats. So, if you bought one way back floats. So, if you bought one way back floats. So, if you bought one way back when, dust them off and take them with when, dust them off and take them with when, dust them off and take them with you. They still got some magic left to you. They still got some magic left to you. They still got some magic left to give. Several Disneyland locations have give. Several Disneyland locations have give. Several Disneyland locations have seasonal offerings on their menu, which seasonal offerings on their menu, which seasonal offerings on their menu, which is great because that means there's a is great because that means there's a is great because that means there's a high chance there'll be something brand high chance there'll be something brand high chance there'll be something brand new for you to try the next time you new for you to try the next time you new for you to try the next time you visit. But it also means you're going to visit. But it also means you're going to visit. But it also means you're going to want to keep a close eye on these menus want to keep a close eye on these menus want to keep a close eye on these menus because the item you may have wanted to because the item you may have wanted to because the item you may have wanted to try could be gone by the time you try could be gone by the time you try could be gone by the time you arrive. Disneyland will normally list on arrive. Disneyland will normally list on arrive. Disneyland will normally list on the top of their online menus if a sweet the top of their online menus if a sweet the top of their online menus if a sweet or savory option is only going to be or savory option is only going to be or savory option is only going to be around as a seasonal offering. That way, around as a seasonal offering. That way, around as a seasonal offering. That way, you won't be left guessing whether or you won't be left guessing whether or you won't be left guessing whether or not a certain snack might or might not not a certain snack might or might not not a certain snack might or might not be available during your trip's time be available during your trip's time be available during your trip's time frame. Yeah, it's almost that time, frame. Yeah, it's almost that time, frame. Yeah, it's almost that time, y'all. It's almost time for us to say y'all. It's almost time for us to say y'all. It's almost time for us to say goodbye to Mike and Sully to the rescue goodbye to Mike and Sully to the rescue goodbye to Mike and Sully to the rescue for good. The Monsters, Inc. Dark Ride, for good. The Monsters, Inc. Dark Ride, for good. The Monsters, Inc. Dark Ride, as well as a good chunk of the Hollywood as well as a good chunk of the Hollywood as well as a good chunk of the Hollywood backlot area, will be demoed in early backlot area, will be demoed in early backlot area, will be demoed in early for the new Avatar Land to be opened at for the new Avatar Land to be opened at for the new Avatar Land to be opened at a later date. Per the release of this a later date. Per the release of this a later date. Per the release of this video, we don't know the exact closing video, we don't know the exact closing video, we don't know the exact closing timeline for Mike and Sully. We just timeline for Mike and Sully. We just timeline for Mike and Sully. We just know it's going to be wrapping up its know it's going to be wrapping up its know it's going to be wrapping up its time in DCA in early 2026. So, the time in DCA in early 2026. So, the time in DCA in early 2026. So, the sooner you can get over to this park in sooner you can get over to this park in sooner you can get over to this park in say so long before it hits the high say so long before it hits the high say so long before it hits the high road. And of course, get your last road. And of course, get your last road. And of course, get your last chance in to be screamer of the day. chance in to be screamer of the day. chance in to be screamer of the day. Both Disney California Adventure and Both Disney California Adventure and Both Disney California Adventure and Epcot have a food and wine festival, and Epcot have a food and wine festival, and Epcot have a food and wine festival, and both have a festival of the holidays, both have a festival of the holidays, both have a festival of the holidays, too. But do you know what festival DCA too. But do you know what festival DCA too. But do you know what festival DCA has that Epcot does not? Lunar New Year. has that Epcot does not? Lunar New Year. has that Epcot does not? Lunar New Year. Lunar New Year is a joyous tribute to Lunar New Year is a joyous tribute to Lunar New Year is a joyous tribute to Chinese, Vietnamese, and Korean Chinese, Vietnamese, and Korean Chinese, Vietnamese, and Korean cultures, and it's happening this year cultures, and it's happening this year cultures, and it's happening this year from January 23rd to February 22nd. It's from January 23rd to February 22nd. It's from January 23rd to February 22nd. It's not a long festival, so you'll want to not a long festival, so you'll want to not a long festival, so you'll want to take advantage of it while you can take advantage of it while you can take advantage of it while you can because there are some seriously because there are some seriously because there are some seriously incredible food and awesome incredible food and awesome incredible food and awesome entertainment. Be sure to look for the entertainment. Be sure to look for the entertainment. Be sure to look for the Sugar Artists. It's amazing. And if you Sugar Artists. It's amazing. And if you Sugar Artists. It's amazing. And if you can't make it out to Lunar New Year, you can't make it out to Lunar New Year, you can't make it out to Lunar New Year, you might want to aim for food and wine might want to aim for food and wine might want to aim for food and wine instead, which is going to take place in instead, which is going to take place in instead, which is going to take place in forget, it usually will soft open. Each forget, it usually will soft open. Each forget, it usually will soft open. Each year during food and wine, DCA brings year during food and wine, DCA brings year during food and wine, DCA brings together the finest wine makers and brew together the finest wine makers and brew together the finest wine makers and brew masters and mixologists to lead you masters and mixologists to lead you masters and mixologists to lead you through 30 to 40 minute guided tastings, through 30 to 40 minute guided tastings, through 30 to 40 minute guided tastings, answer questions, and explain the answer questions, and explain the answer questions, and explain the secrets behind the sips over there at secrets behind the sips over there at secrets behind the sips over there at Soma Terrace. While specific seminars Soma Terrace. While specific seminars Soma Terrace. While specific seminars will happen on certain days throughout will happen on certain days throughout will happen on certain days throughout the fest, they're usually pretty the fest, they're usually pretty the fest, they're usually pretty inexpensive and started about 25 bucks inexpensive and started about 25 bucks inexpensive and started about 25 bucks per person. In general, using a park per person. In general, using a park per person. In general, using a park hopper add-on in Disneyland is a whole hopper add-on in Disneyland is a whole hopper add-on in Disneyland is a whole lot easier than using one in Disney lot easier than using one in Disney lot easier than using one in Disney World since the two parks in Disneyland World since the two parks in Disneyland World since the two parks in Disneyland are literally right next door to one are literally right next door to one are literally right next door to one another. But if you're traveling during another. But if you're traveling during another. But if you're traveling during a Disney California Adventure Festival a Disney California Adventure Festival a Disney California Adventure Festival season, having a park hopper handy means season, having a park hopper handy means season, having a park hopper handy means you'll have multiple chances to visit you'll have multiple chances to visit you'll have multiple chances to visit the festival that's currently underway, the festival that's currently underway, the festival that's currently underway, giving you the chance to try even more giving you the chance to try even more giving you the chance to try even more of the limited time snack options that of the limited time snack options that of the limited time snack options that maybe you didn't have time or stomach maybe you didn't have time or stomach maybe you didn't have time or stomach space for during your first visit. So, space for during your first visit. So, space for during your first visit. So, for example, even on your Disneyland for example, even on your Disneyland for example, even on your Disneyland park day, you can take some time to park day, you can take some time to park day, you can take some time to quickly jump over to DCA, pick up a few quickly jump over to DCA, pick up a few quickly jump over to DCA, pick up a few festival noshes, and then hop on back festival noshes, and then hop on back festival noshes, and then hop on back over to Disneyland to finish out the over to Disneyland to finish out the over to Disneyland to finish out the rest of your day. Takes about 5 minutes rest of your day. Takes about 5 minutes rest of your day. Takes about 5 minutes to walk between the two. Okay, I did a to walk between the two. Okay, I did a to walk between the two. Okay, I did a little uh foreshadowing for this one a little uh foreshadowing for this one a little uh foreshadowing for this one a little bit ago. So, another reason park little bit ago. So, another reason park little bit ago. So, another reason park hopping can come in handy during hopping can come in handy during hopping can come in handy during festival season is it might give you the festival season is it might give you the festival season is it might give you the opportunity to soft launch a DCA opportunity to soft launch a DCA opportunity to soft launch a DCA festival before its official opening festival before its official opening festival before its official opening date. Festivals don't always have a soft date. Festivals don't always have a soft date. Festivals don't always have a soft launch, but they usually do, meaning launch, but they usually do, meaning launch, but they usually do, meaning that they open the day before they're that they open the day before they're that they open the day before they're supposed to so that all of those booths supposed to so that all of those booths supposed to so that all of those booths can get any kinks worked out. For can get any kinks worked out. For can get any kinks worked out. For example, the 2025 Festival of Holidays. example, the 2025 Festival of Holidays. example, the 2025 Festival of Holidays. While this fest wasn't supposed to start While this fest wasn't supposed to start While this fest wasn't supposed to start until November 14th, we were able to until November 14th, we were able to until November 14th, we were able to soft launch the food booths on November soft launch the food booths on November soft launch the food booths on November our Disneyland reporting team. So, if our Disneyland reporting team. So, if our Disneyland reporting team. So, if you got a park hopper handy and you're you got a park hopper handy and you're you got a park hopper handy and you're in Disneyland Park the day before a DCA in Disneyland Park the day before a DCA in Disneyland Park the day before a DCA festival is slated to open, you might festival is slated to open, you might festival is slated to open, you might want to take a quick pop into DCA when want to take a quick pop into DCA when want to take a quick pop into DCA when you get the chance. Usually, those you get the chance. Usually, those you get the chance. Usually, those booths will open sometime in the early booths will open sometime in the early booths will open sometime in the early afternoon or late afternoon. As of afternoon or late afternoon. As of afternoon or late afternoon. As of November 21st, Disneyland has removed November 21st, Disneyland has removed November 21st, Disneyland has removed treat shop locations from mobile order. treat shop locations from mobile order. treat shop locations from mobile order. And that means you won't be able to And that means you won't be able to And that means you won't be able to mobile order from Disney's Wonderful mobile order from Disney's Wonderful mobile order from Disney's Wonderful World of Sweets in Downtown Disney, aka World of Sweets in Downtown Disney, aka World of Sweets in Downtown Disney, aka Marceline's Confectionary, Poo Corner in Marceline's Confectionary, Poo Corner in Marceline's Confectionary, Poo Corner in Disneyland, Bang [music] Bong Sweets in Disneyland, Bang [music] Bong Sweets in Disneyland, Bang [music] Bong Sweets in DCA, Candy Palace and Candy Kitchen in DCA, Candy Palace and Candy Kitchen in DCA, Candy Palace and Candy Kitchen in Disneyland, and Trolley Treats in DCA. Disneyland, and Trolley Treats in DCA. Disneyland, and Trolley Treats in DCA. Disney hasn't confirmed if this is a Disney hasn't confirmed if this is a Disney hasn't confirmed if this is a temporary or permanent change, but for temporary or permanent change, but for temporary or permanent change, but for the time being, just expect to stand in the time being, just expect to stand in the time being, just expect to stand in a line if you want to order a sweet a line if you want to order a sweet a line if you want to order a sweet treat from these locations. If you want treat from these locations. If you want treat from these locations. If you want one of those viral interactive keys that one of those viral interactive keys that one of those viral interactive keys that took over the internet by storm when took over the internet by storm when took over the internet by storm when they were first released, 2026 might be they were first released, 2026 might be they were first released, 2026 might be your last chance to get a hold of one your last chance to get a hold of one your last chance to get a hold of one and use it around Disneyland Park. The and use it around Disneyland Park. The and use it around Disneyland Park. The key to Disneyland will send you on a key to Disneyland will send you on a key to Disneyland will send you on a journey to unlock the magic around journey to unlock the magic around journey to unlock the magic around Disneyland. After you purchase the key Disneyland. After you purchase the key Disneyland. After you purchase the key at one of the participating shops like at one of the participating shops like at one of the participating shops like World of Disney and Downtown Disney, for World of Disney and Downtown Disney, for World of Disney and Downtown Disney, for example, you'll start making your way example, you'll start making your way example, you'll start making your way around Disneyland Park looking for the around Disneyland Park looking for the around Disneyland Park looking for the land. Once you've unlocked all the magic land. Once you've unlocked all the magic land. Once you've unlocked all the magic in all nine lands, you'll head to the in all nine lands, you'll head to the in all nine lands, you'll head to the Mickey Tobiary finale lock station by Mickey Tobiary finale lock station by Mickey Tobiary finale lock station by the entrance to Disneyland near the new the entrance to Disneyland near the new the entrance to Disneyland near the new stand and tunnel to earn your reward, a stand and tunnel to earn your reward, a stand and tunnel to earn your reward, a commemorative trading pin. The Key to commemorative trading pin. The Key to commemorative trading pin. The Key to the World souvenir isn't exactly cheap, the World souvenir isn't exactly cheap, the World souvenir isn't exactly cheap, but if you're looking for exclusive 70th but if you're looking for exclusive 70th but if you're looking for exclusive 70th anniversary souvenirs that won't break anniversary souvenirs that won't break anniversary souvenirs that won't break the bank, you might want to go on a the bank, you might want to go on a the bank, you might want to go on a ticket hunt instead. If you have a Magic ticket hunt instead. If you have a Magic ticket hunt instead. If you have a Magic Band Plus, you can go around different Band Plus, you can go around different Band Plus, you can go around different touch points in Disneyland Park to touch points in Disneyland Park to touch points in Disneyland Park to collect free 70th anniversary tickets. collect free 70th anniversary tickets. collect free 70th anniversary tickets. Now, these touch points can be found at Now, these touch points can be found at Now, these touch points can be found at Autotopia and Tomorrowland, Main Street Autotopia and Tomorrowland, Main Street Autotopia and Tomorrowland, Main Street Cinema, Silver Spur and Frontier Land, Cinema, Silver Spur and Frontier Land, Cinema, Silver Spur and Frontier Land, the Skipper Lockers close to the Jungle the Skipper Lockers close to the Jungle the Skipper Lockers close to the Jungle Cruise and Adventureland, and outside Cruise and Adventureland, and outside Cruise and Adventureland, and outside Bibbid Bobby Boutique in Fantasy Land. Bibbid Bobby Boutique in Fantasy Land. Bibbid Bobby Boutique in Fantasy Land. Though, this won't come with a ticket. Though, this won't come with a ticket. Though, this won't come with a ticket. This is just a fun immersive [music] This is just a fun immersive [music] This is just a fun immersive [music] moment for you to activate. Now, one of moment for you to activate. Now, one of moment for you to activate. Now, one of the most random Magic Band Plus trigger the most random Magic Band Plus trigger the most random Magic Band Plus trigger points in Disney California Adventure is points in Disney California Adventure is points in Disney California Adventure is the one-year Grizzly River Run. Now, the one-year Grizzly River Run. Now, the one-year Grizzly River Run. Now, despite Disneyland no longer being home despite Disneyland no longer being home despite Disneyland no longer being home to a Country Bears show, you are still to a Country Bears show, you are still to a Country Bears show, you are still able to find the Country Bear themed able to find the Country Bear themed able to find the Country Bear themed quick service Hungry Bear Bbecue quick service Hungry Bear Bbecue quick service Hungry Bear Bbecue Jamberee over there in Disneyland. And Jamberee over there in Disneyland. And Jamberee over there in Disneyland. And for some reason, over in DCA by Grizzly for some reason, over in DCA by Grizzly for some reason, over in DCA by Grizzly River Run, you'll find a carved looking River Run, you'll find a carved looking River Run, you'll find a carved looking Big Al statue inside. If you wave your Big Al statue inside. If you wave your Big Al statue inside. If you wave your Magic Man Plus in front of Big Al and Magic Man Plus in front of Big Al and Magic Man Plus in front of Big Al and DCA, he'll talk to you and maybe even DCA, he'll talk to you and maybe even DCA, he'll talk to you and maybe even say something punny in good classic say something punny in good classic say something punny in good classic country bear fashion. Sorry, one more country bear fashion. Sorry, one more country bear fashion. Sorry, one more Magic Band mention here and then I'm Magic Band mention here and then I'm Magic Band mention here and then I'm done with that. Unlike Disney World's done with that. Unlike Disney World's done with that. Unlike Disney World's classic Magic Band models, your Magic classic Magic Band models, your Magic classic Magic Band models, your Magic Band Plus will need to be charged if you Band Plus will need to be charged if you Band Plus will need to be charged if you want to keep on using its lights and want to keep on using its lights and want to keep on using its lights and vibration features. You can press the vibration features. You can press the vibration features. You can press the button on the back of your Magic Band to button on the back of your Magic Band to button on the back of your Magic Band to get a charge status. Green means good to get a charge status. Green means good to get a charge status. Green means good to go, yellow means running low, and red go, yellow means running low, and red go, yellow means running low, and red means dangerously low or no longer means dangerously low or no longer means dangerously low or no longer working. According to the Disney working. According to the Disney working. According to the Disney website, the battery on the Magic Band website, the battery on the Magic Band website, the battery on the Magic Band Plus is designed to last 1 to 3 days on Plus is designed to last 1 to 3 days on Plus is designed to last 1 to 3 days on a full charge, depending on park usage, a full charge, depending on park usage, a full charge, depending on park usage, but it is recommended to charge it but it is recommended to charge it but it is recommended to charge it overnight before your planned park days. overnight before your planned park days. overnight before your planned park days. Who's ready for a ton of nostalgia? Who's ready for a ton of nostalgia? Who's ready for a ton of nostalgia? Disneyland Afterdark parties are Disneyland Afterdark parties are Disneyland Afterdark parties are separately ticketed events that will separately ticketed events that will separately ticketed events that will take place on select nights in 2026 from take place on select nights in 2026 from take place on select nights in 2026 from January through June. You can choose January through June. You can choose January through June. You can choose from five differently themed evenings from five differently themed evenings from five differently themed evenings which include a brand new themed after which include a brand new themed after which include a brand new themed after dark event, Disneyland After Dark, 70 dark event, Disneyland After Dark, 70 dark event, Disneyland After Dark, 70 years of favorites. This is an allnew years of favorites. This is an allnew years of favorites. This is an allnew theme for 2026 centered around theme for 2026 centered around theme for 2026 centered around celebrating seven decades of celebrating seven decades of celebrating seven decades of unforgettable moments in the park that unforgettable moments in the park that unforgettable moments in the park that started it all. There will be swing started it all. There will be swing started it all. There will be swing dancing at Royal Theater in Fantasy dancing at Royal Theater in Fantasy dancing at Royal Theater in Fantasy Land, a video dance party at Land, a video dance party at Land, a video dance party at Tomorrowland Terrace. How's that for a Tomorrowland Terrace. How's that for a Tomorrowland Terrace. How's that for a throwback? line dancing at the Golden throwback? line dancing at the Golden throwback? line dancing at the Golden Horseshoe. Photo opportunities and Horseshoe. Photo opportunities and Horseshoe. Photo opportunities and characters from days gone by like characters from days gone by like characters from days gone by like long-lost friends from Disney Afternoon, long-lost friends from Disney Afternoon, long-lost friends from Disney Afternoon, Mother and Father from Carousel in Mother and Father from Carousel in Mother and Father from Carousel in Progress, I know, Merlin, Flick, and Progress, I know, Merlin, Flick, and Progress, I know, Merlin, Flick, and Ada, and the Fantasmic Monkeys. This Ada, and the Fantasmic Monkeys. This Ada, and the Fantasmic Monkeys. This after-dark event is only happening twice after-dark event is only happening twice after-dark event is only happening twice on March 3rd and March 5th, meaning on March 3rd and March 5th, meaning on March 3rd and March 5th, meaning there's a good chance that by the time there's a good chance that by the time there's a good chance that by the time you watch this video, all those tickets you watch this video, all those tickets you watch this video, all those tickets for the event will be booked up if you for the event will be booked up if you for the event will be booked up if you don't already have them secured. Always don't already have them secured. Always don't already have them secured. Always worth double checking, though. But you worth double checking, though. But you worth double checking, though. But you can always check out one of the other can always check out one of the other can always check out one of the other four Disneyland After Dark events four Disneyland After Dark events four Disneyland After Dark events that'll be happening next year, too. that'll be happening next year, too. that'll be happening next year, too. Sweethearts Night, Disney Channel night, Sweethearts Night, Disney Channel night, Sweethearts Night, Disney Channel night, Star Wars night, or Pride Night. It's Star Wars night, or Pride Night. It's Star Wars night, or Pride Night. It's coming back, y'all. D23 is returning in coming back, y'all. D23 is returning in coming back, y'all. D23 is returning in and the Expo before, this is Disney's and the Expo before, this is Disney's and the Expo before, this is Disney's official fan club and it's massive fan official fan club and it's massive fan official fan club and it's massive fan [music] experience. This is where Disney [music] experience. This is where Disney [music] experience. This is where Disney executives and celebrities and fans from executives and celebrities and fans from executives and celebrities and fans from around the globe will join together in around the globe will join together in around the globe will join together in the ultimate celebration of all things the ultimate celebration of all things the ultimate celebration of all things Disney fans. The convention consists of Disney fans. The convention consists of Disney fans. The convention consists of special events, exclusive merchandise, special events, exclusive merchandise, special events, exclusive merchandise, unique exhibits, and fascinating unique exhibits, and fascinating unique exhibits, and fascinating presentations, including news about presentations, including news about presentations, including news about what's up and what's coming for the what's up and what's coming for the what's up and what's coming for the Disney parks. In 2026, D23 will take Disney parks. In 2026, D23 will take Disney parks. In 2026, D23 will take place from August 14th to the 16th in place from August 14th to the 16th in place from August 14th to the 16th in Anaheim, California at the Anaheim Anaheim, California at the Anaheim Anaheim, California at the Anaheim Convention Center and the Honda Center. Convention Center and the Honda Center. Convention Center and the Honda Center. Tickets will be available for purchase Tickets will be available for purchase Tickets will be available for purchase starting in spring 2026, but we'll let starting in spring 2026, but we'll let starting in spring 2026, but we'll let you know once we hear about those you know once we hear about those you know once we hear about those specific ticket drop dates as it gets specific ticket drop dates as it gets specific ticket drop dates as it gets closer to time. I am ridiculously closer to time. I am ridiculously closer to time. I am ridiculously excited about this one, and I hope you excited about this one, and I hope you excited about this one, and I hope you are, too. You should be. On November are, too. You should be. On November are, too. You should be. On November Disneyland Park reopened after an Disneyland Park reopened after an Disneyland Park reopened after an extended closure with a brand new extended closure with a brand new extended closure with a brand new miniature structure based on Rapunzel's miniature structure based on Rapunzel's miniature structure based on Rapunzel's Tower from Tangled. And this new Tower from Tangled. And this new Tower from Tangled. And this new addition changes depending on what time addition changes depending on what time addition changes depending on what time of day you ride. During the day, you'll of day you ride. During the day, you'll of day you ride. During the day, you'll hear a charming arrangement of When Will hear a charming arrangement of When Will hear a charming arrangement of When Will My Life Begin. But at dusk, the music My Life Begin. But at dusk, the music My Life Begin. But at dusk, the music switches over to I see the light, and switches over to I see the light, and switches over to I see the light, and the display features twinkling lights the display features twinkling lights the display features twinkling lights reminiscent of that famous lantern scene reminiscent of that famous lantern scene reminiscent of that famous lantern scene that always gives me chills. Whether a that always gives me chills. Whether a that always gives me chills. Whether a classic ride is undergoing some seasonal classic ride is undergoing some seasonal classic ride is undergoing some seasonal refurbishments, or a huge project is in refurbishments, or a huge project is in refurbishments, or a huge project is in the works, like the transformation of an the works, like the transformation of an the works, like the transformation of an entire land, you'll want to be aware of entire land, you'll want to be aware of entire land, you'll want to be aware of any work that may affect your trip or any work that may affect your trip or any work that may affect your trip or closed on an attraction you were really closed on an attraction you were really closed on an attraction you were really looking forward to seeing. This is true looking forward to seeing. This is true looking forward to seeing. This is true of any Disney park whenever you go. A of any Disney park whenever you go. A of any Disney park whenever you go. A few Disneyland rides that we know for few Disneyland rides that we know for few Disneyland rides that we know for sure will be receiving some muchneeded sure will be receiving some muchneeded sure will be receiving some muchneeded TLC and experiencing temporary closures TLC and experiencing temporary closures TLC and experiencing temporary closures in 2026 include the Mark Twain River in 2026 include the Mark Twain River in 2026 include the Mark Twain River Boat in Disneyland, which is set to Boat in Disneyland, which is set to Boat in Disneyland, which is set to close for an undisclosed amount of time close for an undisclosed amount of time close for an undisclosed amount of time beginning January 12th. Grizzly River beginning January 12th. Grizzly River beginning January 12th. Grizzly River Run in Disney California Adventure. This Run in Disney California Adventure. This Run in Disney California Adventure. This is set to close for refurbishment on is set to close for refurbishment on is set to close for refurbishment on January 5th. Now, the water ride January 5th. Now, the water ride January 5th. Now, the water ride typically underos maintenance during the typically underos maintenance during the typically underos maintenance during the cooler months, so this isn't unusual. cooler months, so this isn't unusual. cooler months, so this isn't unusual. Incred Coaster in Disney California Incred Coaster in Disney California Incred Coaster in Disney California Adventure will also go down for Adventure will also go down for Adventure will also go down for refurbishment starting on January 5th. refurbishment starting on January 5th. refurbishment starting on January 5th. And rounding out the list is Inside Out And rounding out the list is Inside Out And rounding out the list is Inside Out Emotional Whirlwind, the colorful Emotional Whirlwind, the colorful Emotional Whirlwind, the colorful spinner attraction tucked into Pixar spinner attraction tucked into Pixar spinner attraction tucked into Pixar Pier. This is also expected to close Pier. This is also expected to close Pier. This is also expected to close January 5th. Just because you've eaten January 5th. Just because you've eaten January 5th. Just because you've eaten at Ronto Roers or Katsaka's Kettle or at Ronto Roers or Katsaka's Kettle or at Ronto Roers or Katsaka's Kettle or Docking Bay 7 or Ogus Cantina in Docking Bay 7 or Ogus Cantina in Docking Bay 7 or Ogus Cantina in Hollywood Studios doesn't necessarily Hollywood Studios doesn't necessarily Hollywood Studios doesn't necessarily mean you need to skip these duplicate mean you need to skip these duplicate mean you need to skip these duplicate Galaxy's Edge restaurants during your Galaxy's Edge restaurants during your Galaxy's Edge restaurants during your next Disneyland visit. While lots of the next Disneyland visit. While lots of the next Disneyland visit. While lots of the Galaxy's Edge restaurant items are Galaxy's Edge restaurant items are Galaxy's Edge restaurant items are similar between the two parks, you're similar between the two parks, you're similar between the two parks, you're bound to find different options across bound to find different options across bound to find different options across the menus as well. Some that you might the menus as well. Some that you might the menus as well. Some that you might enjoy even more while you're in enjoy even more while you're in enjoy even more while you're in Disneyland. Speaking of Ogas Cantina, Disneyland. Speaking of Ogas Cantina, Disneyland. Speaking of Ogas Cantina, don't worry about making reservations don't worry about making reservations don't worry about making reservations for that place anymore. In fact, you for that place anymore. In fact, you for that place anymore. In fact, you can't. Yep, the Ogas in Disneyland no can't. Yep, the Ogas in Disneyland no can't. Yep, the Ogas in Disneyland no longer takes reservations. So, if you longer takes reservations. So, if you longer takes reservations. So, if you want to try this Spaceport bar, it's want to try this Spaceport bar, it's want to try this Spaceport bar, it's first come, first serve from here on first come, first serve from here on first come, first serve from here on out. Yep, you read that right. A out. Yep, you read that right. A out. Yep, you read that right. A Disneyland upgrade has actually gotten Disneyland upgrade has actually gotten Disneyland upgrade has actually gotten less expensive. The Tomorrowland Skyline less expensive. The Tomorrowland Skyline less expensive. The Tomorrowland Skyline Terrace evening dining package is a VIP Terrace evening dining package is a VIP Terrace evening dining package is a VIP snacking, sipping, and fireworks viewing snacking, sipping, and fireworks viewing snacking, sipping, and fireworks viewing experience. The prices were originally experience. The prices were originally experience. The prices were originally but starting November 14th, they drop but starting November 14th, they drop but starting November 14th, they drop down to $75 per person. During this down to $75 per person. During this down to $75 per person. During this experience, you're more than welcome to experience, you're more than welcome to experience, you're more than welcome to stay the whole night or come and go from stay the whole night or come and go from stay the whole night or come and go from that from the Skyline Terrace, you won't that from the Skyline Terrace, you won't that from the Skyline Terrace, you won't be able to see the projections happening be able to see the projections happening be able to see the projections happening on the castle during the spectacular, on the castle during the spectacular, on the castle during the spectacular, which could be a dealbreaker for you. which could be a dealbreaker for you. which could be a dealbreaker for you. We're used to seeing Saurin around the We're used to seeing Saurin around the We're used to seeing Saurin around the world take a step back whenever Disney world take a step back whenever Disney world take a step back whenever Disney California Adventures food and wine California Adventures food and wine California Adventures food and wine festival takes over the park cuz that's festival takes over the park cuz that's festival takes over the park cuz that's when Saurin over California steps up to when Saurin over California steps up to when Saurin over California steps up to bat again giving you the chance to see bat again giving you the chance to see bat again giving you the chance to see the original version of this ride either the original version of this ride either the original version of this ride either for the first time or for nostalgia's for the first time or for nostalgia's for the first time or for nostalgia's sake. But in 2026, Saurin Around the sake. But in 2026, Saurin Around the sake. But in 2026, Saurin Around the World will be taking another step back World will be taking another step back World will be taking another step back to let a new version of Saurin take up to let a new version of Saurin take up to let a new version of Saurin take up the helm. Saurin Across America will the helm. Saurin Across America will the helm. Saurin Across America will debut at Disney California Adventure on debut at Disney California Adventure on debut at Disney California Adventure on July 2nd, just in time for Fourth of July 2nd, just in time for Fourth of July 2nd, just in time for Fourth of July shenanigans. All we know about this July shenanigans. All we know about this July shenanigans. All we know about this new version so far is that Disney's new version so far is that Disney's new version so far is that Disney's creating it to celebrate America's 250th creating it to celebrate America's 250th creating it to celebrate America's 250th anniversary. So, expect this version to anniversary. So, expect this version to anniversary. So, expect this version to showcase some of the country's showcase some of the country's showcase some of the country's recognizable cityscapes and natural recognizable cityscapes and natural recognizable cityscapes and natural beauty. Okay. Same thing we say for beauty. Okay. Same thing we say for beauty. Okay. Same thing we say for Disney World all the time. Don't pay Disney World all the time. Don't pay Disney World all the time. Don't pay full rack rate for your hotel. The same full rack rate for your hotel. The same full rack rate for your hotel. The same rings true for a 2026 Disneyland trip. rings true for a 2026 Disneyland trip. rings true for a 2026 Disneyland trip. Check out the offers and discounts page Check out the offers and discounts page Check out the offers and discounts page found on the Disneyland website when you found on the Disneyland website when you found on the Disneyland website when you get the chance. The savings and get the chance. The savings and get the chance. The savings and promotions posted here switch up promotions posted here switch up promotions posted here switch up regularly, but often feature discounts regularly, but often feature discounts regularly, but often feature discounts on things like park tickets and Disney on things like park tickets and Disney on things like park tickets and Disney owned hotels. So, never book a owned hotels. So, never book a owned hotels. So, never book a Disneyland trip without looking to see Disneyland trip without looking to see Disneyland trip without looking to see if you can land it for 10, 20, or even if you can land it for 10, 20, or even if you can land it for 10, 20, or even vibes. Yep, there are several reasons vibes. Yep, there are several reasons vibes. Yep, there are several reasons why February is one of the best times to why February is one of the best times to why February is one of the best times to visit Disneyland, but one of the many visit Disneyland, but one of the many visit Disneyland, but one of the many reasons is the Celebrate Soulfully reasons is the Celebrate Soulfully reasons is the Celebrate Soulfully event. To celebrate black history and event. To celebrate black history and event. To celebrate black history and culture, Celebrate Soulfully brings live culture, Celebrate Soulfully brings live culture, Celebrate Soulfully brings live music, specialty dishes, and music, specialty dishes, and music, specialty dishes, and installations by black artists all installations by black artists all installations by black artists all around the resort all February long. around the resort all February long. around the resort all February long. Also on February 20th and 21st and the Also on February 20th and 21st and the Also on February 20th and 21st and the brings its annual concert, Celebrate brings its annual concert, Celebrate brings its annual concert, Celebrate Gospel, onto the Disney scene in Gospel, onto the Disney scene in Gospel, onto the Disney scene in Downtown [music] Disney. Oh, here we go. Downtown [music] Disney. Oh, here we go. Downtown [music] Disney. Oh, here we go. Another missing Disneyland hotel perk Another missing Disneyland hotel perk Another missing Disneyland hotel perk incoming. Normally, Disney California incoming. Normally, Disney California incoming. Normally, Disney California Adventure has two secret entrances Adventure has two secret entrances Adventure has two secret entrances available to guests. One attached to available to guests. One attached to available to guests. One attached to Disney's Grand Californian hotel and a Disney's Grand Californian hotel and a Disney's Grand Californian hotel and a more hidden one that leads to Pixar more hidden one that leads to Pixar more hidden one that leads to Pixar Place. However, the Pixar Place/DC Place. However, the Pixar Place/DC Place. However, the Pixar Place/DC California Adventure entrance will be California Adventure entrance will be California Adventure entrance will be closed off in 2026 as DCA starts up some closed off in 2026 as DCA starts up some closed off in 2026 as DCA starts up some of its major construction projects. of its major construction projects. of its major construction projects. Instead, Pixar Place guests will need to Instead, Pixar Place guests will need to Instead, Pixar Place guests will need to use the main entrance for DCA or can go use the main entrance for DCA or can go use the main entrance for DCA or can go in through the Grand California and in through the Grand California and in through the Grand California and Downtown Disney entrance. Now, I can Downtown Disney entrance. Now, I can Downtown Disney entrance. Now, I can understand how this missing DCA perk is understand how this missing DCA perk is understand how this missing DCA perk is very discouraging for some, but my very discouraging for some, but my very discouraging for some, but my assumption is that it will be back after assumption is that it will be back after assumption is that it will be back after that construction, so we'll wait and that construction, so we'll wait and that construction, so we'll wait and see. Not all flights have to be boozy, see. Not all flights have to be boozy, see. Not all flights have to be boozy, you know, and no one proves that better you know, and no one proves that better you know, and no one proves that better than Disneyland. So, here are some of than Disneyland. So, here are some of than Disneyland. So, here are some of our favorite places to get a our favorite places to get a our favorite places to get a non-alcoholic, non-conventional flight non-alcoholic, non-conventional flight non-alcoholic, non-conventional flight around Disneyland. At the Adorable around Disneyland. At the Adorable around Disneyland. At the Adorable Snowman Frosted Treats in DCA, you can Snowman Frosted Treats in DCA, you can Snowman Frosted Treats in DCA, you can get the It's a Flight to try all three get the It's a Flight to try all three get the It's a Flight to try all three of the non-dairy soft serve flavors on of the non-dairy soft serve flavors on of the non-dairy soft serve flavors on offer: lemon, raspberry, and mango. You offer: lemon, raspberry, and mango. You offer: lemon, raspberry, and mango. You can order a trio of boughs at Tropical can order a trio of boughs at Tropical can order a trio of boughs at Tropical Hideway in Disneyland Park. This comes Hideway in Disneyland Park. This comes Hideway in Disneyland Park. This comes with your choice of lime chicken or with your choice of lime chicken or with your choice of lime chicken or charu in any combination and also charu in any combination and also charu in any combination and also includes bow sauce on the side. Over at includes bow sauce on the side. Over at includes bow sauce on the side. Over at Jazz Kitchen Coastal Grill and Patio in Jazz Kitchen Coastal Grill and Patio in Jazz Kitchen Coastal Grill and Patio in Downtown Disney, you can order the Downtown Disney, you can order the Downtown Disney, you can order the Beignet Quartet, which comes with a Beignet Quartet, which comes with a Beignet Quartet, which comes with a sample of their four glazed beignes to sample of their four glazed beignes to sample of their four glazed beignes to share. One bananas foster, one share. One bananas foster, one share. One bananas foster, one strawberry, one churro, and one simply strawberry, one churro, and one simply strawberry, one churro, and one simply glazed. Are we talking about Ducks and glazed. Are we talking about Ducks and glazed. Are we talking about Ducks and Donald and Daisy? No, we're talking Donald and Daisy? No, we're talking Donald and Daisy? No, we're talking about the famous Anaheim hockey team. On about the famous Anaheim hockey team. On about the famous Anaheim hockey team. On February 22nd, 2026, yep, Disneyland in February 22nd, 2026, yep, Disneyland in February 22nd, 2026, yep, Disneyland in February continues to be fun. February continues to be fun. February continues to be fun. Disneyland's going to bring back the fan Disneyland's going to bring back the fan Disneyland's going to bring back the fan favorite Anaheim Ducks Day experience, favorite Anaheim Ducks Day experience, favorite Anaheim Ducks Day experience, featuring appearances by select Anaheim featuring appearances by select Anaheim featuring appearances by select Anaheim Ducks players, hockey themed Ducks players, hockey themed Ducks players, hockey themed entertainment and activities, snacks, entertainment and activities, snacks, entertainment and activities, snacks, photo opportunities, and more. It's a photo opportunities, and more. It's a photo opportunities, and more. It's a really fun day to be at Disneyland. really fun day to be at Disneyland. really fun day to be at Disneyland. Who's ready to take on new missions on Who's ready to take on new missions on Who's ready to take on new missions on board everyone's favorite hunk of junk? board everyone's favorite hunk of junk? board everyone's favorite hunk of junk? Millennium Falcon Smugglers Run in Millennium Falcon Smugglers Run in Millennium Falcon Smugglers Run in Disneyland is getting a major update Disneyland is getting a major update Disneyland is getting a major update that'll go live May 22nd, 2026. With that'll go live May 22nd, 2026. With that'll go live May 22nd, 2026. With this update, we'll see new scenes this update, we'll see new scenes this update, we'll see new scenes featuring The Mandalorian and Grou. featuring The Mandalorian and Grou. featuring The Mandalorian and Grou. Plus, we'll receive higher quality Plus, we'll receive higher quality Plus, we'll receive higher quality graphics and more interactive features graphics and more interactive features graphics and more interactive features that'll make all future flights feel that'll make all future flights feel that'll make all future flights feel more realistic. And guess what? [music] more realistic. And guess what? [music] more realistic. And guess what? [music] The engineers are going to have an The engineers are going to have an The engineers are going to have an important new job during each mission. important new job during each mission. important new job during each mission. After these changes go live, engineers After these changes go live, engineers After these changes go live, engineers will be able to choose the location that will be able to choose the location that will be able to choose the location that everyone travels to from here on out. everyone travels to from here on out. everyone travels to from here on out. It's back. The Disney Junior party is It's back. The Disney Junior party is It's back. The Disney Junior party is making a grand return to DCA for one day making a grand return to DCA for one day making a grand return to DCA for one day only in 2026. During this event, you'll only in 2026. During this event, you'll only in 2026. During this event, you'll be able to meet and greet with popular be able to meet and greet with popular be able to meet and greet with popular Disney Junior characters, engage in fun, Disney Junior characters, engage in fun, Disney Junior characters, engage in fun, family-friendly activities, take family-friendly activities, take family-friendly activities, take advantage of cute photo opportunities, advantage of cute photo opportunities, advantage of cute photo opportunities, and more. It's the perfect event for the and more. It's the perfect event for the and more. It's the perfect event for the family with younger kids who'd be family with younger kids who'd be family with younger kids who'd be tickled pink to meet some of their tickled pink to meet some of their tickled pink to meet some of their favorite TV pals in person. And then favorite TV pals in person. And then favorite TV pals in person. And then after the fun wraps up in DCA, the after the fun wraps up in DCA, the after the fun wraps up in DCA, the Disney Junior Extravaganza extends its Disney Junior Extravaganza extends its Disney Junior Extravaganza extends its festivities [music] into a 3-day event festivities [music] into a 3-day event festivities [music] into a 3-day event in Downtown Disney. Expect all of this in Downtown Disney. Expect all of this in Downtown Disney. Expect all of this to happen on August 13th to the 16th. In to happen on August 13th to the 16th. In to happen on August 13th to the 16th. In break ground on a brand new Cocoa Ride, break ground on a brand new Cocoa Ride, break ground on a brand new Cocoa Ride, which will be housed in a current which will be housed in a current which will be housed in a current backstage area set between Paradise backstage area set between Paradise backstage area set between Paradise Gardens Park and Pier. Now, this will be Gardens Park and Pier. Now, this will be Gardens Park and Pier. Now, this will be the first ever Disney ride starring the the first ever Disney ride starring the the first ever Disney ride starring the Cocoa Crew, and it's going to be a boat Cocoa Crew, and it's going to be a boat Cocoa Crew, and it's going to be a boat ride. Now, in the meantime, if you're ride. Now, in the meantime, if you're ride. Now, in the meantime, if you're really wanting to see some popular Coco really wanting to see some popular Coco really wanting to see some popular Coco characters make an appearance on a characters make an appearance on a characters make an appearance on a Disney boat ride, Disneyland Park did Disney boat ride, Disneyland Park did Disney boat ride, Disneyland Park did add Miguel and Dante to the Mexico add Miguel and Dante to the Mexico add Miguel and Dante to the Mexico section of It's a Small World in 2025. section of It's a Small World in 2025. section of It's a Small World in 2025. You can find them near one of the large, You can find them near one of the large, You can find them near one of the large, bright colored suns, and they are hard bright colored suns, and they are hard bright colored suns, and they are hard to miss, so I can't wait for you to see to miss, so I can't wait for you to see to miss, so I can't wait for you to see them. This summer, Disneyland Hotel them. This summer, Disneyland Hotel them. This summer, Disneyland Hotel opened its all-new concierge lounge opened its all-new concierge lounge opened its all-new concierge lounge called the High Key Club, which called the High Key Club, which called the High Key Club, which celebrates the music and sounds of celebrates the music and sounds of celebrates the music and sounds of Disneyland Park, circa 1955. Check out Disneyland Park, circa 1955. Check out Disneyland Park, circa 1955. Check out those murals. They are stunning. Like, I those murals. They are stunning. Like, I those murals. They are stunning. Like, I want to jump inside and live in that want to jump inside and live in that want to jump inside and live in that artwork. This lounge took over the space artwork. This lounge took over the space artwork. This lounge took over the space of the previous club level lounge in of the previous club level lounge in of the previous club level lounge in Adventure Tower and doubled it in size. Adventure Tower and doubled it in size. Adventure Tower and doubled it in size. It also offers Disneyland fireworks It also offers Disneyland fireworks It also offers Disneyland fireworks views for concierge level guests only. views for concierge level guests only. views for concierge level guests only. So, if you want to experience this So, if you want to experience this So, if you want to experience this lounge yourself, you'll want to book a lounge yourself, you'll want to book a lounge yourself, you'll want to book a club level room specifically at the club level room specifically at the club level room specifically at the Disneyland Hotel, cuz it won't be Disneyland Hotel, cuz it won't be Disneyland Hotel, cuz it won't be available for anyone else. And Disney available for anyone else. And Disney available for anyone else. And Disney also has plans to add a second club also has plans to add a second club also has plans to add a second club level lounge to Disney's Grand level lounge to Disney's Grand level lounge to Disney's Grand Californian hotel in addition to the Californian hotel in addition to the Californian hotel in addition to the Veranda Concierge Lounge that already Veranda Concierge Lounge that already Veranda Concierge Lounge that already exists here. This is going to be a exists here. This is going to be a exists here. This is going to be a twostory space that'll celebrate classic twostory space that'll celebrate classic twostory space that'll celebrate classic craftsman design. And since the rest of craftsman design. And since the rest of craftsman design. And since the rest of Grand California is so gorgeous, I trust Grand California is so gorgeous, I trust Grand California is so gorgeous, I trust no corners will be cut for this one no corners will be cut for this one no corners will be cut for this one either. This is expected to open in either. This is expected to open in either. This is expected to open in lounge is still open and available for lounge is still open and available for lounge is still open and available for everyone staying club level. During the everyone staying club level. During the everyone staying club level. During the show World of Color Happiness over in show World of Color Happiness over in show World of Color Happiness over in Disney California Adventure, which stay Disney California Adventure, which stay Disney California Adventure, which stay tuned cuz we're going to be talking tuned cuz we're going to be talking tuned cuz we're going to be talking about this a little bit here, the about this a little bit here, the about this a little bit here, the emotion of happiness is thoroughly emotion of happiness is thoroughly emotion of happiness is thoroughly explored, which is fitting since this explored, which is fitting since this explored, which is fitting since this one's hosted by none other than Joy and one's hosted by none other than Joy and one's hosted by none other than Joy and her fellow emotions from Inside Out. In her fellow emotions from Inside Out. In her fellow emotions from Inside Out. In Inside Out, too, before the first World Inside Out, too, before the first World Inside Out, too, before the first World of Color performance of the evening, you of Color performance of the evening, you of Color performance of the evening, you can vote for which emotion, sadness, can vote for which emotion, sadness, can vote for which emotion, sadness, anger, disgust, or envy will get a anger, disgust, or envy will get a anger, disgust, or envy will get a special spotlight that night. You just special spotlight that night. You just special spotlight that night. You just have to make sure you have the have to make sure you have the have to make sure you have the Disneyland app already downloaded and Disneyland app already downloaded and Disneyland app already downloaded and push notifications turned on. There's push notifications turned on. There's push notifications turned on. There's still one virtual queue lingering about still one virtual queue lingering about still one virtual queue lingering about the Disneyland scene, and that is for the Disneyland scene, and that is for the Disneyland scene, and that is for this World of Color Happiness show. Once this World of Color Happiness show. Once this World of Color Happiness show. Once the clock strikes noon, a virtual queue the clock strikes noon, a virtual queue the clock strikes noon, a virtual queue drops on the Disneyland app for drops on the Disneyland app for drops on the Disneyland app for preferred viewing for World of Color preferred viewing for World of Color preferred viewing for World of Color Happiness. This preferred viewing Happiness. This preferred viewing Happiness. This preferred viewing location can be found over at Paradise location can be found over at Paradise location can be found over at Paradise Gardens Park. Virtual cues get snatched Gardens Park. Virtual cues get snatched Gardens Park. Virtual cues get snatched up quickly for this one, but if you're up quickly for this one, but if you're up quickly for this one, but if you're lucky enough to secure it, just be sure lucky enough to secure it, just be sure lucky enough to secure it, just be sure you arrive 45 minutes before the show you arrive 45 minutes before the show you arrive 45 minutes before the show begins to check into that preferred begins to check into that preferred begins to check into that preferred viewing spot. For the record, you do not viewing spot. For the record, you do not viewing spot. For the record, you do not have to secure a spot in the virtual have to secure a spot in the virtual have to secure a spot in the virtual queue to still see the show. This is queue to still see the show. This is queue to still see the show. This is just a virtual queue for prime viewing, just a virtual queue for prime viewing, just a virtual queue for prime viewing, not only viewing. So, you can still not only viewing. So, you can still not only viewing. So, you can still gather around the water with everyone gather around the water with everyone gather around the water with everyone else and probably get a clear or partial else and probably get a clear or partial else and probably get a clear or partial view of the spectacular regardless. view of the spectacular regardless. view of the spectacular regardless. It's not just World of Color that's got It's not just World of Color that's got It's not just World of Color that's got the happiness overlay going on right the happiness overlay going on right the happiness overlay going on right now. It's a Small World is currently now. It's a Small World is currently now. It's a Small World is currently hosting a new projection show called hosting a new projection show called hosting a new projection show called Tapestry of Happiness because apparently Tapestry of Happiness because apparently Tapestry of Happiness because apparently you cannot get enough happy right now. you cannot get enough happy right now. you cannot get enough happy right now. After the sun sets, the ride's facade After the sun sets, the ride's facade After the sun sets, the ride's facade transforms into an animated mosaic transforms into an animated mosaic transforms into an animated mosaic inspired by the work of Disney artist inspired by the work of Disney artist inspired by the work of Disney artist Mary Blair several times per night. So Mary Blair several times per night. So Mary Blair several times per night. So don't walk past this one as you're don't walk past this one as you're don't walk past this one as you're hurrying over to some other attraction hurrying over to some other attraction hurrying over to some other attraction that evening, Mickey and Minnie's that evening, Mickey and Minnie's that evening, Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway. You definitely don't Runaway Railway. You definitely don't Runaway Railway. You definitely don't want to miss this. Everyone's welcome to want to miss this. Everyone's welcome to want to miss this. Everyone's welcome to visit Pixar Place Hotel, even if you visit Pixar Place Hotel, even if you visit Pixar Place Hotel, even if you don't plan on staying there as a guest. don't plan on staying there as a guest. don't plan on staying there as a guest. And you probably want to take Disneyland And you probably want to take Disneyland And you probably want to take Disneyland up on that offer, especially if you love up on that offer, especially if you love up on that offer, especially if you love collecting rare meet and greet collecting rare meet and greet collecting rare meet and greet opportunities. As it turns out, opportunities. As it turns out, opportunities. As it turns out, characters like Bing Bong from Inside characters like Bing Bong from Inside characters like Bing Bong from Inside Out and Joe Gardner from Soul do hang Out and Joe Gardner from Soul do hang Out and Joe Gardner from Soul do hang around Pixar Place once in a while. And around Pixar Place once in a while. And around Pixar Place once in a while. And if you're lucky, you might even be able if you're lucky, you might even be able if you're lucky, you might even be able to catch Joe while he's tickling the to catch Joe while he's tickling the to catch Joe while he's tickling the ivories near the lobby. Toy Story Midway ivories near the lobby. Toy Story Midway ivories near the lobby. Toy Story Midway Media wants to get in on all the Media wants to get in on all the Media wants to get in on all the festiveness, too. Not only will you see festiveness, too. Not only will you see festiveness, too. Not only will you see large shiny 70 stickers slapped up all large shiny 70 stickers slapped up all large shiny 70 stickers slapped up all around the Midway Mania queue, but around the Midway Mania queue, but around the Midway Mania queue, but during this Rudy Tutti point-and- shoot during this Rudy Tutti point-and- shoot during this Rudy Tutti point-and- shoot experience, you'll also be able to aim experience, you'll also be able to aim experience, you'll also be able to aim at special targets specifically created at special targets specifically created at special targets specifically created for the 70th. That'll help you rack up a for the 70th. That'll help you rack up a for the 70th. That'll help you rack up a lot more points during the ride. By the lot more points during the ride. By the lot more points during the ride. By the way, your Multipass purchase can do more way, your Multipass purchase can do more way, your Multipass purchase can do more things than just provide you with things than just provide you with things than just provide you with lightning lanes to help you skip the lightning lanes to help you skip the lightning lanes to help you skip the ride lines. When you purchase Multipass, ride lines. When you purchase Multipass, ride lines. When you purchase Multipass, you'll also be able to download all, you'll also be able to download all, you'll also be able to download all, yes, all your Photo Pass downloads from yes, all your Photo Pass downloads from yes, all your Photo Pass downloads from your day, not just the ones on the your day, not just the ones on the your day, not just the ones on the rides. So, don't be shy. Smile for the rides. So, don't be shy. Smile for the rides. So, don't be shy. Smile for the camera. Disneyland recently took out its camera. Disneyland recently took out its camera. Disneyland recently took out its entrance turn styles for both parks and entrance turn styles for both parks and entrance turn styles for both parks and the Montreal and replace them with new the Montreal and replace them with new the Montreal and replace them with new facial recognition systems, akin to the facial recognition systems, akin to the facial recognition systems, akin to the system used at Disneyland Paris, which system used at Disneyland Paris, which system used at Disneyland Paris, which is meant to streamline the entry process is meant to streamline the entry process is meant to streamline the entry process a bit more. To enter, you'll now scan a bit more. To enter, you'll now scan a bit more. To enter, you'll now scan your tickets using the screens at each your tickets using the screens at each your tickets using the screens at each individual entry gate. After your ticket individual entry gate. After your ticket individual entry gate. After your ticket scanned, instead of scanning one of your scanned, instead of scanning one of your scanned, instead of scanning one of your fingerprints right after that, every fingerprints right after that, every fingerprints right after that, every guest in your group will use the camera guest in your group will use the camera guest in your group will use the camera icon on the screen to capture your icon on the screen to capture your icon on the screen to capture your photo. You know how at Disneyland they photo. You know how at Disneyland they photo. You know how at Disneyland they always had your photo anyway, and now always had your photo anyway, and now always had your photo anyway, and now they're just capturing it digitally they're just capturing it digitally they're just capturing it digitally instead of a cast member doing it. Once instead of a cast member doing it. Once instead of a cast member doing it. Once your photo is digitally attached to your your photo is digitally attached to your your photo is digitally attached to your ticket, the entry gates will swing open ticket, the entry gates will swing open ticket, the entry gates will swing open and you'll be welcomed in. Bibbidity and you'll be welcomed in. Bibbidity and you'll be welcomed in. Bibbidity Bobby Boutique is a premium Disney Bobby Boutique is a premium Disney Bobby Boutique is a premium Disney makeover experience for kids ages 3 to makeover experience for kids ages 3 to makeover experience for kids ages 3 to royalty in Disneyland Park. But just royalty in Disneyland Park. But just royalty in Disneyland Park. But just this past October, the boutique added a this past October, the boutique added a this past October, the boutique added a brand new experience to this already brand new experience to this already brand new experience to this already magical time. Now your kid will not only magical time. Now your kid will not only magical time. Now your kid will not only transform into a prince or princess of transform into a prince or princess of transform into a prince or princess of their choosing, but they'll be able to their choosing, but they'll be able to their choosing, but they'll be able to meet and greet with the real life fairy meet and greet with the real life fairy meet and greet with the real life fairy godmother straight out of Cinderella. In godmother straight out of Cinderella. In godmother straight out of Cinderella. In its big debut inside the Main Street its big debut inside the Main Street its big debut inside the Main Street Opera House. And that was a really huge Opera House. And that was a really huge Opera House. And that was a really huge deal because this show is the first ever deal because this show is the first ever deal because this show is the first ever Disney show depicting an audio Disney show depicting an audio Disney show depicting an audio animatronic of Walt Disney himself. But animatronic of Walt Disney himself. But animatronic of Walt Disney himself. But this is also where another historic this is also where another historic this is also where another historic animatronic stage show, Great Moments animatronic stage show, Great Moments animatronic stage show, Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln, took [music] place. with Mr. Lincoln, took [music] place. with Mr. Lincoln, took [music] place. So, did Walt kick out Lincoln? No. I So, did Walt kick out Lincoln? No. I So, did Walt kick out Lincoln? No. I mean, kind of, but only temporarily. mean, kind of, but only temporarily. mean, kind of, but only temporarily. Ultimately, Walt and Mr. Lincoln are Ultimately, Walt and Mr. Lincoln are Ultimately, Walt and Mr. Lincoln are going to share a space inside the Main going to share a space inside the Main going to share a space inside the Main Street Opera House and be shown in Street Opera House and be shown in Street Opera House and be shown in rotation. So, keep your eye on the Main rotation. So, keep your eye on the Main rotation. So, keep your eye on the Main Street Opera House schedule to see who's Street Opera House schedule to see who's Street Opera House schedule to see who's going to be showing up to give a big going to be showing up to give a big going to be showing up to give a big speech [music] during your next visit. speech [music] during your next visit. speech [music] during your next visit. Lightning Lane Premiere Pass is a luxury Lightning Lane Premiere Pass is a luxury Lightning Lane Premiere Pass is a luxury service where you can pay to access service where you can pay to access service where you can pay to access every Lightning Lane for rides across every Lightning Lane for rides across every Lightning Lane for rides across both Disneyland and Disney California both Disneyland and Disney California both Disneyland and Disney California Adventure for one day only. Once you Adventure for one day only. Once you Adventure for one day only. Once you purchase it, you get to use each ride's purchase it, you get to use each ride's purchase it, you get to use each ride's Lightning Lane once, including every Lightning Lane once, including every Lightning Lane once, including every ride listed for Lightning Lane Multipass ride listed for Lightning Lane Multipass ride listed for Lightning Lane Multipass and Lightning Lane Single Pass. The and Lightning Lane Single Pass. The and Lightning Lane Single Pass. The price of Disneyland's Premier Pass price of Disneyland's Premier Pass price of Disneyland's Premier Pass varies by date, but generally it's going varies by date, but generally it's going varies by date, but generally it's going to cost you between $3 and $400 per to cost you between $3 and $400 per to cost you between $3 and $400 per person per day. So, is that super steep person per day. So, is that super steep person per day. So, is that super steep price tag really worth it? It might be price tag really worth it? It might be price tag really worth it? It might be worth it if you're okay with paying worth it if you're okay with paying worth it if you're okay with paying extra for convenience. $400 per person extra for convenience. $400 per person extra for convenience. $400 per person is a lot, but with that cost, you won't is a lot, but with that cost, you won't is a lot, but with that cost, you won't have to book your Lightning Lanes all have to book your Lightning Lanes all have to book your Lightning Lanes all day and run back and forth across the day and run back and forth across the day and run back and forth across the park or fight with scheduling conflicts park or fight with scheduling conflicts park or fight with scheduling conflicts or things selling out. But let's not or things selling out. But let's not or things selling out. But let's not ignore the elephant in the room here. ignore the elephant in the room here. ignore the elephant in the room here. You'll save a lot of money by just You'll save a lot of money by just You'll save a lot of money by just purchasing Lightning Lane Multipass or purchasing Lightning Lane Multipass or purchasing Lightning Lane Multipass or Lightning Lane Single Pass each day Lightning Lane Single Pass each day Lightning Lane Single Pass each day instead of [music] spending possibly instead of [music] spending possibly instead of [music] spending possibly thousands of dollars on Premier Pass. thousands of dollars on Premier Pass. thousands of dollars on Premier Pass. Not to mention, you probably don't want Not to mention, you probably don't want Not to mention, you probably don't want to shell out the cha-ching for Premier to shell out the cha-ching for Premier to shell out the cha-ching for Premier Pass if you're not planning on using Pass if you're not planning on using Pass if you're not planning on using Park Hopper tickets. The $400 cost Park Hopper tickets. The $400 cost Park Hopper tickets. The $400 cost includes access to over 20 Lightning includes access to over 20 Lightning includes access to over 20 Lightning lanes across both parks. So, if you're lanes across both parks. So, if you're lanes across both parks. So, if you're not park hopping, then you're not going not park hopping, then you're not going not park hopping, then you're not going to get the full value out of that to get the full value out of that to get the full value out of that service. So, let's say you do decide to service. So, let's say you do decide to service. So, let's say you do decide to get Premiier Pass, then I've got a hack get Premiier Pass, then I've got a hack get Premiier Pass, then I've got a hack you might want to try out depending on you might want to try out depending on you might want to try out depending on when your trip is slated to happen. Just when your trip is slated to happen. Just when your trip is slated to happen. Just like we mentioned before, Premiier Pass like we mentioned before, Premiier Pass like we mentioned before, Premiier Pass is intended to guarantee one time, just is intended to guarantee one time, just is intended to guarantee one time, just one time, entry to each available one time, entry to each available one time, entry to each available Lightning Lane attraction in both parks. Lightning Lane attraction in both parks. Lightning Lane attraction in both parks. But here's the catch. Both Guardians of But here's the catch. Both Guardians of But here's the catch. Both Guardians of the Galaxy Mission Breakout and the Galaxy Mission Breakout and the Galaxy Mission Breakout and Guardians of the Galaxy Halloween Guardians of the Galaxy Halloween Guardians of the Galaxy Halloween Overlay, called Monsters After Dark, are Overlay, called Monsters After Dark, are Overlay, called Monsters After Dark, are eligible for their own premiere pass. eligible for their own premiere pass. eligible for their own premiere pass. Now, as the name suggests, Monsters Now, as the name suggests, Monsters Now, as the name suggests, Monsters After Dark runs at night, usually After Dark runs at night, usually After Dark runs at night, usually starting around 2 p.m. each day of the starting around 2 p.m. each day of the starting around 2 p.m. each day of the Halloween season, so you can still Halloween season, so you can still Halloween season, so you can still experience the normal iteration during experience the normal iteration during experience the normal iteration during the first half of the day. So, if you the first half of the day. So, if you the first half of the day. So, if you want to use your Premiere Pass to ride want to use your Premiere Pass to ride want to use your Premiere Pass to ride both versions, you'll need to ride both versions, you'll need to ride both versions, you'll need to ride Mission Breakout before it shuts down Mission Breakout before it shuts down Mission Breakout before it shuts down for the day and then ride it again once for the day and then ride it again once for the day and then ride it again once Monsters After Dark takes over. This Monsters After Dark takes over. This Monsters After Dark takes over. This one's for you, Magic Key holders. In the one's for you, Magic Key holders. In the one's for you, Magic Key holders. In the past, anytime a Magic Key holder wanted past, anytime a Magic Key holder wanted past, anytime a Magic Key holder wanted to upgrade their annual pass to a higher to upgrade their annual pass to a higher to upgrade their annual pass to a higher Magic Key tier, you'd have to physically Magic Key tier, you'd have to physically Magic Key tier, you'd have to physically go to Disneyland, visit a ticket booth, go to Disneyland, visit a ticket booth, go to Disneyland, visit a ticket booth, and do it in person. But now, and do it in person. But now, and do it in person. But now, Disneyland's finally added the ability Disneyland's finally added the ability Disneyland's finally added the ability to upgrade a Magic Key pass online via to upgrade a Magic Key pass online via to upgrade a Magic Key pass online via the Disneyland website or app. So, if the Disneyland website or app. So, if the Disneyland website or app. So, if you're thinking about upgrading your you're thinking about upgrading your you're thinking about upgrading your Magic Key for 2026, that process just Magic Key for 2026, that process just Magic Key for 2026, that process just got a whole lot easier. No trip to the got a whole lot easier. No trip to the got a whole lot easier. No trip to the ticket booths required. So, why is this ticket booths required. So, why is this ticket booths required. So, why is this so important to remember in 2026? so important to remember in 2026? so important to remember in 2026? Because Disneyland just announced a new Because Disneyland just announced a new Because Disneyland just announced a new Magic Key tier that current passholders Magic Key tier that current passholders Magic Key tier that current passholders may want to upgrade to soon. On January may want to upgrade to soon. On January may want to upgrade to soon. On January Explore Key pass for $999. Explore Key pass for $999. Explore Key pass for $999. Benefits of the Explore Key include Benefits of the Explore Key include Benefits of the Explore Key include reservation-based park hopper admission reservation-based park hopper admission reservation-based park hopper admission with the ability to hold up to four with the ability to hold up to four with the ability to hold up to four theme park reservations, up to 10% off theme park reservations, up to 10% off theme park reservations, up to 10% off select merchandise and dining, 25% off select merchandise and dining, 25% off select merchandise and dining, 25% off parking at the toy store parking area, parking at the toy store parking area, parking at the toy store parking area, and 25% off the purchase of Lightning and 25% off the purchase of Lightning and 25% off the purchase of Lightning Lane Multipass. The explore key will Lane Multipass. The explore key will Lane Multipass. The explore key will replace the current enchant key tier. replace the current enchant key tier. replace the current enchant key tier. So, if you currently have an enchant key So, if you currently have an enchant key So, if you currently have an enchant key pass, you can keep it until it expires, pass, you can keep it until it expires, pass, you can keep it until it expires, even if that means keeping [music] it even if that means keeping [music] it even if that means keeping [music] it until after the explore key goes live. until after the explore key goes live. until after the explore key goes live. But when it's time to renew, you'll have But when it's time to renew, you'll have But when it's time to renew, you'll have the option to renew into a different the option to renew into a different the option to renew into a different pass type. The benefits of the new pass type. The benefits of the new pass type. The benefits of the new explore key pass and the old enchant key explore key pass and the old enchant key explore key pass and the old enchant key pass are similar, but explore will have pass are similar, but explore will have pass are similar, but explore will have the added perk of being able to go to the added perk of being able to go to the added perk of being able to go to the parks on weekdays in June and July. the parks on weekdays in June and July. the parks on weekdays in June and July. Want to experience a rare under the Want to experience a rare under the Want to experience a rare under the radar Disneyland holiday? Try Dapper radar Disneyland holiday? Try Dapper radar Disneyland holiday? Try Dapper Days. Dapper Day is actually hosted by Days. Dapper Day is actually hosted by Days. Dapper Day is actually hosted by an outside organization, though it still an outside organization, though it still an outside organization, though it still happens inside Disneyland Park, happens inside Disneyland Park, happens inside Disneyland Park, encouraging guests to step out in style encouraging guests to step out in style encouraging guests to step out in style with vintage inspired attire or just with vintage inspired attire or just with vintage inspired attire or just dressing up, featuring modern-day Disney dressing up, featuring modern-day Disney dressing up, featuring modern-day Disney twists. [music] The organization hosts twists. [music] The organization hosts twists. [music] The organization hosts in park meetups so you can connect with in park meetups so you can connect with in park meetups so you can connect with others who are also dressed for the others who are also dressed for the others who are also dressed for the occasion. [music] In 2026, Dapper Days occasion. [music] In 2026, Dapper Days occasion. [music] In 2026, Dapper Days are happening twice in Disneyland. The are happening twice in Disneyland. The are happening twice in Disneyland. The first on April 19th, which will be the first on April 19th, which will be the first on April 19th, which will be the spring outing event, and the next spring outing event, and the next spring outing event, and the next happens on November 15th, which is the happens on November 15th, which is the happens on November 15th, which is the holiday outing event. holiday outing event. holiday outing event. The Tanaya Stone Spa inside the Grand The Tanaya Stone Spa inside the Grand The Tanaya Stone Spa inside the Grand Californian is most wellknown for its Californian is most wellknown for its Californian is most wellknown for its massages and treatments. However, if massages and treatments. However, if massages and treatments. However, if you're looking to increase your heart you're looking to increase your heart you're looking to increase your heart rate instead of slow it down, you can rate instead of slow it down, you can rate instead of slow it down, you can sign up for one of the many fitness sign up for one of the many fitness sign up for one of the many fitness classes here. Not just any fitness classes here. Not just any fitness classes here. Not just any fitness classes, though. Fitness classes that classes, though. Fitness classes that classes, though. Fitness classes that take place inside the parks bright and take place inside the parks bright and take place inside the parks bright and early. To learn about what classes are early. To learn about what classes are early. To learn about what classes are available for your trip's time frame, as available for your trip's time frame, as available for your trip's time frame, as well as price points, head to the Tanaya well as price points, head to the Tanaya well as price points, head to the Tanaya Stone Spa website and click on the view Stone Spa website and click on the view Stone Spa website and click on the view activities button to get started. What a activities button to get started. What a activities button to get started. What a cool option. Disneyland's going to be an cool option. Disneyland's going to be an cool option. Disneyland's going to be an exciting time in 2026, which is why the exciting time in 2026, which is why the exciting time in 2026, which is why the DFB team and I are going to continue DFB team and I are going to continue DFB team and I are going to continue putting out new Disneyland videos on the putting out new Disneyland videos on the putting out new Disneyland videos on the rag to help you plan for those future rag to help you plan for those future rag to help you plan for those future West Coast trips. So stay tuned for more West Coast trips. So stay tuned for more West Coast trips. So stay tuned for more Disneyland videos in the future. And Disneyland videos in the future. And Disneyland videos in the future. And don't forget to check out other don't forget to check out other don't forget to check out other Disneyland vids we've [music] already Disneyland vids we've [music] already Disneyland vids we've [music] already released, like our best Disneyland released, like our best Disneyland released, like our best Disneyland snacks under $10. Oh, and if you haven't snacks under $10. Oh, and if you haven't snacks under $10. Oh, and if you haven't already, go ahead and pick up that three already, go ahead and pick up that three already, go ahead and pick up that three perfect days in Disneyland PDF over at perfect days in Disneyland PDF over at perfect days in Disneyland PDF over at disneyfoodblog.com/dyland disneyfoodblog.com/dyland disneyfoodblog.com/dyland plans. Remember, it's totally free. plans. Remember, it's totally free. plans. Remember, it's totally free. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks Thanks for listening everyone and thanks Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for for watching. As always, this is AJ for for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Vlog and we'll [music] see Disney Food Vlog and we'll [music] see Disney Food Vlog and we'll [music] see you real soon.
