---
video_id: LSDs6IW_7Kg
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Disney World's SECRET Backstage -- Hidden Locations You Can Actually Visit"
published: 2025-12-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LSDs6IW_7Kg
---
Admit it, you're curious to know about Disney World behind the scenes, and you'd also love to become part of this hush hush park realm as well. Good thing you're here, because we're going to show you what Disney's secret backstage looks like, and how you can get in on all the action. [Music] Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. I confess, I can be pretty nosy sometimes. And when it comes to Disney World, a place that's near and dear to my Disney adult heart, of course, I want to learn more about what's going on behind the scenes. And I'd love the chance to explore a part of these parks that nobody gets to see for bragging rights, right? If you're in the same boat, then welcome. We can be nosy together today as we pull back the proverbial curtain and take a look into the wonderful world of Disney, the secret backstage edition. Before we get started, several of these behind-the-scenes experiences that we're going to be talking about today would make for a great special treat to surprise your loved one with. Wink wink nudge nudge. If you're on the hunt for a great special occasion add-on to your future Disney World vacation, we got a free guide with several suggestions varying across different price ranges that you might want to consider if you're looking to celebrate something like a honeymoon or a baby moon or an anniversary or a birthday or just a fun and unique date night with your friends. Go ahead and scan the QR code you see on the screen now or click on the link in the description for Disneyfoodblog.com/sp specialcial after this and we'll send that free guide your way. Beneath Cinderella Castle lurks an entirely different realm of underground tunnels, a network of trash tubes, and a subway. Welcome to the utils. These tunnels house all kinds of equipment and storage areas and even a subway sub shop for the cast members to chow down at between shifts. The tunnels also help cast members get to their designated land without spoiling the magic, which is the main reason why Walt himself wanted the utils to be a thing in the first place. That's why you're never going to see a Haunted Mansion cast member wandering around Fantasy Land and vice versa. It's also the perfect way for Mickey Mouse and friends to get from place to place around the park without being swarmed by guests. As a regular day guest, you're never going to see these utils or be able to walk through them. But if you book a Keys to the Kingdom tour for Magic Kingdom, you'll be welcomed on inside. The Keys to the Kingdom Tour is a 5-hour walking guided experience offering behindthe-scenes access to some of Disney World's hidden areas, including those utils. The Keys to the Kingdom Tour is $169 to $189 per guest. But just like any of the theme park behindthe-scenes tours I'm going to mention today, this does not include the cost of your theme park admission for the day. So, you're still going to have to buy a ticket as well. but it does include lunch and a commemorative gift. You can make Keys to the Kingdom reservations on the Disney World website or through the My Disney Experience app. Now, call me a food nerd, but I find it super fascinating to watch what's going on in the restaurant kitchens when I order my meal. The prep, the seasoning, the open flame that goes whoosh to char your meats. Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. And wouldn't you know it, Disney actually has quite a few restaurants that let you watch all the cooking action take place. From the moment your food hits the skillet to when it's presented to your table. Here are a few of my favorites. It's common for us to see culinary cast members hard at work behind Disney's various buffet lines, but I love interacting with the team at Bulma in Animal Kingdom Lodge while they smoke and carve the meats to serve to us fresh. Jo, also in Animal Kingdom Lodge, has a large open kitchen with these massive wood burning ovens, which right above them is a massive hidden Mickey as well. Now, if you're seated around the open kitchen counter, it's super fun to watch the sue chefs work their magic. You got a couple of open kitchen concepts inside Epcot, too, but Vanapley is at the top of the list for me since the open kitchen at this artisan pizza place features three massive pizza ovens, Stromboli, Vuvio, and Etna, named for the active volcanoes in Italy. Even the Epcot area resorts have restaurants where you can take a sneak peek behind the scenes, like Cruise Cup Lounge over at Yach Club. For instance, during dinner hours at Yachtsman Steakhouse, you're going to have a direct view through a glass window of the steak that's being butchered for the steakhouse. We don't talk about flying fish over at Boardwalk in all too much, but this signature seafood restaurant has a wide open kitchen, so if you sit at the counter, expect a great show and possibly some fun interactions with the chefs if they're not too busy. Disney Springs is no stranger to the open kitchen concept either. Just past the entrance of Morimoto Asia, you'll notice that the left wall is completely made of glass, offering the perfect opportunity for curious onlookers to watch everything that goes on in the kitchen. And that includes the 24-hour marinated peaking duck hanging in the middle just waiting to be ordered. And Halleo has an on-stage kitchen with a huge woodf fire paella pit for preparing the authentic paellas. If you go to the Montreal area resorts, you're going to find lots of open kitchen concepts. Ohana Polynesian Village is a big one since the main dining area is structured around the large open fire pit where your breakfast or dinner will be roasting away. California Grill at the top of the contemporary resort boasts an open kitchen. Though you may be more distracted by the Magic Kingdom fireworks views you'll get from the wraparound windows and private outdoor balcony. But really, the most noteworthy and expensive open kitchen opportunity along the Montreal line or in Disney World, period, is going to be over at Victoria and Albert's in Grand Fian Resort. More specifically, the Chef's Table. This ultra exclusive experience is reserved for up to eight guests per evening and lasts about 3 hours. During this time, you'll be served a multicourse meal while sitting right in the heart of the restaurant with a view into the kitchen and of all those sue chefs just living their best life in there. When you dine here, you get to interact with the team and really get a full in-depth dining experience. This is how I learned what suvid was. But why simply peek into a Disney World kitchen when you could directly become a part of it? You can decorate your very own culinary masterpiece in the form of signature Mickey Dome cake under the instruction of the talented pastry chefs at Emirates peticissery in Disney Springs. The cake decorating experience at Amoretses is a hands-on class where you'll be able to personally decorate your own dome cake in a 90-minute small groupoup session. During this time, you'll also be able to talk to the Amorets pastry chefs and spend time inside the show kitchen prior to the shop's opening. Plus, you'll also receive refreshments with alcoholic options like mimosas and bellinis for guests 21 and over and a little take-home keepsake to remind you that you're an official cake artist. Now, the schedule for character cakes is as follows. On Sundays, Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays, you'll make a Mickey Mouse cake during this experience. Flavors of the Mickey Mouse dome cake are chocolate chiffon cake, milk chocolate mousse, and orange pot of fruit jelly. And on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, you'll be able to make an Amorett's choice dome cake. Though the featured characters for these will vary, flavors of the Emirates Choice Dome cake will be lemon chiffon cake, white chocolate mousse, and strawberry pot of fruit jelly. The cake decorating experience is $199, but that price covers up to two guests decorating one cake. If your group is any larger than two, you will need to make an additional reservation, which is an extra $50. In Animal Kingdom, you can see elephants and rhinos from a distance when you ride Kilamanjaro Safaris. But if you want to get even closer to these dudes, there are two different behind-the-scenes tours you can book. Up Close with Rhinos and Caring for Giants are two different 60-minute tours that'll teach you about these two popular animals roaming around the Animal Kingdom grounds. Caring for Giants lets you meet the elephants, while Up Close with Rhinos, well, I think you can fill in the blanks here. Whatever tour you choose, you'll get to meet with the animals keepers, who will take you backstage for an upclose experience with the mighty but gentle giants in a special viewing area. And the best part is that these are some of the most affordable behindthe-scenes tours you can do in Disney World. The Rhinos is $49 per guest, and the elephants is only 39, not including theme park admission. Maybe just seeing Animal Kingdom's elephants and rhinos isn't enough of a backstage experience for you. Maybe you're looking for more. That's where Savor the Savannah and the Wild Africa Trek come into play. Both of these behind-the-scenes tours have major similarities. They both take you to a part of the animal kingdom, typically unseen by guests. They both give you unique vantage points where you can oo and awe over the wildlife, and they both feed you. But the key difference between the two is that Wild Africa Trek, much like the name suggests, is a more wild experience. This is a tour meant more for adventurers in spirit, since you'll be harnessed up and crossing a series of pathways and wooden rope bridges while suspended over the Sappi River Valley, giving you a really unique angle of those crocodiles. Meanwhile, Savor the Savannah is a lot more laid-back and low-key with a greater focus on the African inspired small plates, beer, and wine, which you'll enjoy from a lovely private animal viewing area in the Harambe Wildlife Reserve. No wrong answers here, just depends on which tour is more your speed. Savor the Savannah is slightly cheaper though, costing 199 to 209 per person, while Wild Africa Trek costs 229 to 239 per person. Now, you might consider this one a stretch at first, but once you enter into one of the single rider lines, you'll see what I mean. A handful of Disney's rides have a single rider line option. So, if you're willing to separate from your group for a little bit, these cues could potentially cut down your ride weight time drastically without you needing to purchase a lightning lane. Shorter weights, great. Love it. But along with splitting up your group, sometimes those shorter weights come with consequences. Take the single rider lines found in the Galaxy's Edge rides for instance. Technically, both of these rides have you taking a little behindthe-scenes shortcut to get up towards the front of the line. But when you do this, you're also missing the fun of the pre-shows. The Millennium Falcon Smuggler's Run, the single rider queue doesn't weave around the Millennium Falcon or the repair bay. It won't even take you in the room where Hondo Anaka is explaining why y'all are being sent on this mission in the first place. Instead, you'll walk down a hallway taking you past all that and have to go up some stairs before reaching the main room of the Falcon. Not exactly exciting behind the-scenes work here, but it's definitely taking you around the proverbial curtain, so to speak. Same thing with Rise of the Resistance. A big part of this ride is actually the pre-shows leading up to it. So, while yes, the single rider line will take you past the bulk of that queue, it's also going to take you past the first two pre-shows, which are kind of a big deal since you'll encounter Ray and BB-8 and Lieutenant Beck and experience the big plot thickening moment that explains the whole story of what's about to happen. Instead, the single rider line will weave you past all that through a backstage route, and it'll eventually spit you out into the Star Destroyer hanger. Moral of this story, not all backstage experiences are exciting ones, but that doesn't make it any less convenient. Okay, no, but for real, how cool would it be to just jump into the Epcot Sea Base Aquarium and just chill with all the sea turtles and manta rays and dolphins and sharks? Don't deny it. You've thought about it. While the majority of people will never get the chance to live out that impulsive thought, a small selection of you will. And those are the people who sign up for Epcot's Dive Quest. This truly unique experience gives you the chance to dive into Epcot's current free 5.7 millong saltwater aquarium, which is home to over 2,000 sea creatures. Now, just so you're aware, the tour is 2 hours long, but the actual dive itself is only about 40 minutes. The rest of the time, you'll get a backstage tour to see the inner workings of this massive aquarium, and that's also very cool. The tour is on the pricier end, $220 to$2.49 per person on top of your admission price. And you must be open water scuba certified in order to participate. There's a good chance that if you book a holiday party like Mickey's Not So Scary Halloween Party or Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party in Magic Kingdom or Jollywood Nights in Hollywood Studios, you'll start off your evening behind the scenes. Let me show you. Since these after hours parties let party guests enter into the parks early, like a couple of hours before the festivities begin, Disney tries to help improve traffic flow and prevent major congestion by separating the two lines, the party guests and the general admission folks. This line separation also helps guarantee that party guests will be given a party bracelet to show that they're allowed to be in the parks. Those without bracelets will be asked to leave since no bracelet equals you didn't pay for admission to be here in Disney speak. General admission guests will still enter and exit the parks the same as always, but party guests will be funneled to a backstage area where bracelets are distributed and the first photo ops and treats of the night will be handed out. If you're coming to one of these parks early for the pre-party mixin, make sure to look for the signs pointing you towards the party line. Party guests who don't have general admission or annual passes, otherwise will be turned away at the front gates and redirected to the party line, which can be a pain since that'll mean you'll have to wait in a huge entrance line all over again. Yoohoo! Animals, are you still awake? When the sun sets on your Disney day, you might think that the animals right outside Animal Kingdom Lodge would completely disappear against the dark or go back to their barns or whatever. But that's not always the case. Disney Imagineers actually installed an artificial moonlight around the Savannah area. Meaning no matter what time of day you peek out the lobby windows or go out on your Savannah View balcony, you should still be able to see a few of these wildlife friends, the ones who decided to stay out and not go to their barns cuz they're allowed to do that if they want to. They don't have to go back to their barns at night. According to Disney, the moonlight is created by 50W PAR 20 metal halli fixtures in order to view the animals at night. I don't know what that means. If you do, please let me know in the comments. In order to really accentuate the artificial moonlight though, the lighting around the inside resort come evening time is kept pretty dim. But don't worry, it's not dim enough that you're going to feel like you're stumbling around in the dark or anything. It's pretty cozy. But to really see the artificial moonlight in action and to access the savannah grounds yourself, you can always book a Starlight Safari. This is an hour-ong guided jeep tour that takes place after the sun goes down and is available for everybody. Even if you're not staying as a guest at the resort itself. And just so you don't have to rely on the artificial moonlight alone, you will be provided with night vision goggles to get a clearer view of the 30 different species, including but not limited to zebras, giraffes, wilderbeast, antelopes, and ostriches. The price is $89 to $99 per guest, which is a pretty great price, and you must be at least 8 years old to participate. The tour is often offered two to three times each night, but you can see exact times each day on the Disney World website. I love living with the land, as you know, and I love the soft narration and the gentle flute music, and I love that little farmhouse with a dog that keeps on barking at nothing. But Living with the Land is more than just a nice little boat ride, y'all. As you float on past the different scenes in Epcot, you'll also learn about the history of farming and cultivating as you travel around the green houses. We're not talking about fake green houses. These are actual functioning green houses growing real live fruits and veggies and plants that Disney actually uses in their various restaurants like Garden Grill right upstairs and festival booths around Epcot. So, if you want to get an even closer look at how Disney continues to keep their produce happy, healthy, and consumable, you might want to consider taking the behind the seeds tour, which is the only way you'll be able to legally walk around the Disney green houses. You can book this 1-hour guided tour ahead of time online for $39 to $49 per guest, which is actually the cheapest backstage tour you'll find on Disney World property. It's kind of in there with the rhinos and the elephants, right? But again, you're going to have to have that valid theme park ticket purchased as well. The tour is really special if you can time it during glimmering green houses season. During Festival of the Holidays, Epcot decks out its Living with the Land green houses with all sorts of twinkling lights and seasonal decorations, which is already fun to see from the boat, but not many people will be able to say they've gotten to walk right up close to these lights when they're happening. So, consider a behind the scenes tour to enhance your already very jolly day. Just keep in mind that the Glimmering Green Houses version of the tour is a little pricier. It's $59 per person, and it only happens after the sun sets because, well, you want to see those lights shine bright, right? Sometimes this tour may have lastminute availability. So if you want to check and see if you can get one of those first come first- serve spots, head over to the tour desk at the land pavilion just outside of the exit to Living with the Land to see if there's still room for you to jump right on into the next tour group. Okay, unfortunately this behind-the-scenes opportunity is not something you can just throw money at to gain access. You've got to be one of the chosen few. The Cinderella Castle suite is inside Cinderella Castle at Magic Kingdom. And it was originally intended potentially as a place for Walt Disney and his family to stay, but Walt passed before Disney World's completion. So the suite wasn't actually completed until 2006. And in the meantime, there was stuff like offices and stuff up there. Now, Disney never put a price tag on this suite, and you can't pay to stay there. Disney will occasionally auction office stay for charity or give a night's stay away, but what a bucket list item, right? And there's just so many details tucked into this special suite that I would love to someday see up close and in person. For example, all the clocks are set to 11:59 so the clock doesn't strike midnight on Cinderella. The books on the shelves are gifted by Princess Belle. Love her for that. Peter Pan apparently keeps his spy glass in here. Or maybe he just forgot it. And don't even get me started on this bathtub. The spa tub is surrounded by these gorgeous mosaics like you can find when you walk through Cinderella Castle on your way into or coming out of Fantasy Land. So, welcome back everyone to the unofficial People Mover fan club. I am AJ, your People Mover fan club president. And for today's meeting, we're going to talk about well, why the people mover in Magic Kingdom is just so cool and why everyone should appreciate its majesty. When you ride the People Mover, you're not just getting an overhead look at Tomorrowland. You're getting a peek into unique angles of Tomorrowland attractions like Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin when it's open and Space Mountain. Space Mountain is especially cool because you'll be slowly traveling around the inner workings of this indoor roller coaster. And on the rare occasion that Space Mountain is down for maintenance, the People Mover might just give you a glimpse at this ride when the lights are all on, just so you can see how intricate and impressive it actually is. People mover meeting adjourned. Speaking of unexpected ride closures, let's talk about what happens during the also rare ride evacuations. Disney rides malfunction from time to time. Sometimes due to guest behavior, like hats flying off or people reaching out of ride vehicles, and sometimes due to technical difficulties. But occasionally, a ride malfunction is drastic enough that guests will need to be evacuated off the rides, giving you a very exclusive chance to see behind the curtain of these experiences, so to speak. Here are some of the cool behind-the-scenes glimpses that the DFB team has spied during some of their more recent ride breakdown moments. Note, we are exposing a few ride illusions here, so consider yourself warned. For Rise of the Resistance in Hollywood Studios, a ride that's pretty notorious for ride breakdowns. One of our reporters was stopped during the scene when Kylo Ren walks toward you down a hallway with his lightsaber lit up. When the ride halted, the Kylo Ren projection disappeared, and we could see how this effect was created. By projecting Kylo onto a flat piece of material that was shaded darker around the edges. The hand holding the lightsaber extends and retracts from the background material, making for a pretty cool effect. During a test track breakdown in Epcot, another whenever reporters witnessed an evacuation of the ride where people were walked through various ride scenes to the exit. Since this ride has a smooth ramplike track, it seemed to be a pretty easy track. When Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway in Hollywood Studios runs into issues and has to close, the vehicles all stop in their respective rooms and the lights come on, which is very interesting to see because the lights really highlight some of the hidden effects throughout the attraction and makes the tornado scene a little less tornadoy. It's also interesting cuz you're literally just walking across regular concrete floor towards the exit with no tracks that you have to worry about stepping around because it's a trackless ride. And yep, even our beloved People Mover has its ride evacuation moments. If the ride shuts down, the riders are walked alongside the track until they get to an exit point. From there, they'll walk down a staircase that drops into Tomorrowland. You might be able to see a ride evacuation taking place if you're in the Star Trader gift shop while it's happening since the gift shop has that upper window that peaks into the ride. Now, remember, if you happen to be on board a ride that's experiencing some technical difficulties, rest assured, you are going to be perfectly safe. Sometimes rides stop for a bit, but most of the time the issue can be fixed fairly quickly and get you back on track ASAP. But other times the issue is a little more extensive and cast members have to go to each vehicle and help guests evacuate. The best way to help speed up this process is to follow the cast member directions. So just hang tight, take a deep breath, and wait for further instructions. More than likely, if you have to be evacuated off a ride, you'll receive a free lightning lane to use when the ride comes back on later in the day. or you may want to use that lightning lane for a different eligible ride instead. And I know I don't need to remind you about this because you're all good noodles here, but just so we're clear, when a ride evacuation happens, please be respectful to not just the cast members, but also the sets and animatronics, props that you might be directed to walk past. As cool as it might be to see these things up and close, it's best to take that advice of Emperor Cusco's rule book and no touchy. Now that your curiosity has been officially peaked, consider checking out some of our other behindthe-scenes DFB videos. I'm always amazed by the former employees reveal 50 Disney World Secrets video. There's so much good and fascinating stuff in there. And don't forget to download our free special occasions guide right now if you haven't already over at disneyfoodblog.com/special. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Foodlog and we'll see you real soon. [Music]
