---
video_id: Jlawp-RhiZU
channel: DFBGuide
title: "What You NEED to Know Before You Eat in Disney's Animal Kingdom"
published: 2025-12-09
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jlawp-RhiZU
---
Hold up. Before you head to Animal Kingdom, there are some important things you need to know first. What's closed? What's new? What's tripping up guests when it comes to dining and snacking around Animal Kingdom? And we've got a quick update on what you need to know about eating and drinking in Animal Kingdom before you go. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog and today's video is small but mighty. Perfect for those who are planning on going to Animal Kingdom soon and need to know about the latest dining news and recommendations cuz a lot has been changing in this park. Let's get to it. All right. Yes, a lot has changed in Animal Kingdom snacking scene lately and continues changing. There's turmoil here, my friends. So, let me catch you up to speed. First of all, if you're going to Animal Kingdom in the near future, just note that the Harambe Market quick service in Africa, where you can usually order items like rice bowls and Caesar salads and pas is going to be closed for the remainder of the year, but once it reopens, it'll serve up a menu featuring restaurantosaurus items. More on that in just a sec. Harambe Market is slated to reopen sometime in early 2026, but we're going to fill you in on those exact dates once we hear more information about it. Now for the bigger wave of closures that are way more permanent. Dino Land USA is currently a shell of what it once was. By February 2nd, 2026, this place will be no more. Instead, it'll be the construction grounds for Animal Kingdom's new land, Pueblo Espironza, which is slated to open later on in 2027. That means the only things open in this area per the release of this video are the Dinosaur Dark Ride and the Restaurantosaurus Quick Service. All the Dino Land snack stands like Dino Bite Snacks and Triloby Bites are now extinct. I know it's sad to see these old friends go. That's why I've got some alternative options lined up for you to help alleviate the hurt in your heart. Dino Bite Snacks was once your go-to for some of the best ice cream cookie sandwiches. And while we don't have any other ice cream cookie sandwich locations in Animal Kingdom yet, you can still get your ice cream fix over at the Anandapur ice cream truck in Asia. This colorful vehicle serves up the classic chocolate and vanilla soft serve creations. Plus, it's the home of the Yeti sundae, which is a chocolate soft serve topped with vanilla soft serve, blue cake crumbs, blue sugar, snowflake sprinkles, and a chocolate Yeti topper. Every now and then, they'll have seasonal ice cream treats on offer, too. So, be on the lookout for those in Dino Bites honor. Now, Disney has promised that hard scooped ice cream will be back in Animal Kingdom eventually. They just aren't sure when. So there you go. Next, one of our favorite snacks to get over at Trilobites back in the day were the Buffalo chicken chips. But I've got good news and bad news about that one. The good news, the Buffalo chicken chips still exist in some capacity over at Eight Spoon Cafe in Discovery Island. The bad news, well, the toppings are relatively the same. The chips were not when we tried it. At Trilobites, the Buffalo chicken chips were house-made, but this new version is served on kind of classic Lays. Nothing wrong with Lays, but man, those housemade chips were the bomb. and a whole lot sturdier, too. I don't know if this is going to be the case forever or if we're just in a transitional period, but I'm just glad that there's a version of this snack still available somewhere. Though, I wouldn't blame you if you chose to order one of the loaded mac and cheese options from Spoon instead, cuz those are my favorite. Now, we've still got time to spend with Restaurantosaurus before its expiration date, but if you come to Animal Kingdom after February 2nd, it's nice to know the Harambe Market's going to take up the torch with its revamped menu. And if you're on the hunt for more quick services that'll satisfy the picky eaters of your group, I'd try hitting up Pizza Safari in Discovery Island or a Flame Tree Barbecue also in Discovery Island. Pizzafari, as it says in the name, is your one-stop shop for those puffy personal pizzas. While Flame Tree Barbecue, also, as the name suggests, serves a variety of hearty barbecue options, perfect for the carnivores in the family. Okay, this feels like a great transition into talking about Animal Kingdom's various fast food locations or quick service as Disney calls them cuz they've got some real winners here. So, just to keep on the theme with what we're discussing before, I'm going to do a super speedy ranking for all of Animal Kingdom's quick service options, starting with the best options for picky eaters and wrapping up with the best options for adventurous eaters. I'll get the first three out of the way quickly since I already kind of spoiled it in the point before this one. Once Harambe Market reopens, that's going to be your best option for picky eaters who are on the hunt for cheeseburgers or chicken tenders and the like. But Pizzaari and Flame Tree Barbecue are going to be good options for picky eaters, too. Pizza Farari's got pizzas. Pizza is a pretty safe bet, but even the limited other options here like pastas, mac and cheese, and sandwiches don't really venture outside the box very much. It's all just going to be very basic and safe and familiar eats. That being said, I like Flame Tree Barbecue a whole lot more than Pizzaari because that barbecue quality and the variety of options are just more impressive than what Pizza Fari has to offer. But I also know that not every picky eater is going to love barbecue, especially if said picky eater is from a region that maybe doesn't specialize in the stuff. So, they're not used to it. But you got to try my birthday fries at least. Those are French fries with the pulled pork and cheese. well, plastic cheese that you can find on the side menu, but I call them my birthday fries cuz I get them every time I'm in Animal Kingdom on my birthday. And the day that Animal Kingdom decides to rename these bad boys as AJ's Birthday Fries will be just as momentous an occasion as when my Disney Adults book first released on bookstore shelves. Okay, not really, but it would be really cool if that happened. Yak and Yeti Local Food Cafes over in Asia is probably a solid middle ground for picky and adventurous eaters. If your group enjoys tasty Pan Asian takeout, you're going to find lots of familiar options on the local food menu, like pork egg rolls, honey sesame chicken, and a heaping portion of chicken fried rice. There's even a Yeti cheeseburger on the menu, too. What makes it a Yeti? Well, it's a big, that's for sure. But otherwise, it's your average cheeseburger with all the typical fixings. But as far as adventurous dining here goes, you might want to check out those less than typical options like the vegetable tikka masala and Korean fried chicken sandwich made with fried chicken breast, kimchi sllo, and honey heat sauce. Satuli Canteen inside Pandora is probably going to be your most adventurous quick service option with its variety of customizable bowls and cheeseburger pods and otherworldly looking dome desserts. But really, nothing here is so out there that a picky eater needs to steer clear of this space. I mean, since the bowls are customizable, you can add or take away whatever you want. And the cheeseburger pods are basically a groundup cheeseburger just stuffed inside a bow bun instead of being served between a regular bun. During your next visit, consider trying something super unique like the Manguan mousse made with cinnamon milk chocolate mousse, caramelized banana cake, banana sesame caramel, and chocolate sesame crumble. or for the adults in the group, a Trader Tailwind with rum, triple sack, mango puree, orange juice, shamoy, ginger beer, a chili lime rimmed glass, and a dehydrated blood orange wheel on top. In conclusion, Animal Kingdom Quicks variety covers the whole picky eater, adventurous eater spectrum, so everyone's bound to find something they're going to enjoy here. By the way, if you want our DFB top 10 restaurant picks in not just Animal Kingdom, but in every Disney World location, including the parks, the resorts, and Disney Springs, then go ahead and scan the QR code you see on the screen now, or click on the link in the description for Disneyfoodblog.com/top restaurants. We're going to send you our list of favorites, as well as where they're located and what you can expect to find at each of them. So, just to get this out of the way first, if there's ever a Disney restaurant that's at the top of your must visit list, even if we told you in the past that reservations for said location are fairly easy to come by, still go ahead and lock in those ADRs, those advanced dining reservations as soon as you can, starting 60 days before your park visit. Cuz the last thing you want to do is gamble on your priority table service, only to find out it's actually booked up for whatever reason. That being said, Animal Kingdom's table services don't tend to be nearly as popular as some of the ones you're going to find inside the other Disney World parks. I'm not saying Animal Kingdom's table services are bad. Far from it. Honestly, some of my favorite sit-down meals happen to be in Animal Kingdom, including the character dining buffet, Tusker House, the Pan-Asian Yaketti Restaurant, and the signature Tiffens restaurant, too. But these spots just don't tend to book up as quickly during average crowd level days anyway as restaurants like Cinderella's Royal Table in Magic Kingdom or Space 220 at Epcot or Roundup Rodeo in Hollywood Studios. Now, that might not matter much to you if you're staying at an off-propy hotel for your Disney vacation since you'll be booking your table services one day at a time anyways. But if you're staying at a Disney-owned hotel, you'll have a 60-day advanced dining reservation booking window, plus the entire length of your stay, up to 10 days, meaning you'll have a whole lot more wiggle room when it comes to booking your priority dining reservations. So, to bring it all back around, if you've got the wiggle room, book the other priority dining spots first and then bring it back around to the Animal Kingdom restaurants afterwards, which will more than likely still be there when you need to get them. Ooh, great question. Are dinner reservations at Animal Kingdom a bad idea? Just so you're aware, Animal Kingdom closes a whole lot earlier than the other parks do, sometimes even as early as 6:00 p.m. So, if you're booking a table service for, say, Tusker House at 5:00 p.m., that could very well be the rest of your park day. And hey, that's not a bad way to wrap up a day in Animal Kingdom, but you may want to spend that last hour or so just soaking up the rest of your time in the park versus just eating. Instead, you can always book a dining reservation for an Animal Kingdom table service for lunch or breakfast if offered and jump over to another park or resort to eat dinner once Animal Kingdom closes up shop. Or you can just hold off on the Animal Kingdom dining reservations altogether and stick with the quick service options to again make the most out of your limited day here. I don't get the chance to talk about Animal Kingdom's one and only signature restaurant a whole lot, but this seems like the best opportunity to fix that. Tiffens is a restaurant that celebrates all things travel in both its decor and menu options. The menu features international stuff like the Tiffens bread service, the Indian beef short rib, and the plant-based regional curry tastings. But you can also find a signature burger prefix option, too, that might be a better fit for those looking for a more familiar offering and at a decent price point. For $42, you'll get the Tiffen signature burger along with waffle fries, a dessert, and your choice of non-alcoholic beverage. Yeah, still pricey, I'm aware. But considering the fact that the other Tiffen's entre cost $38 to $64 without the additional sides and desserts and drinks, this could be the best option if you're looking to stretch your dollar. Across Tiffen's multiple dining rooms, you'll find tons of international art on display at all times. So, no matter which dining room you're seated in, feel free to get up and walk around after you order to check out all the different galleries. Let's talk snacks next. It's really easy to walk past Animal Kingdom's various snack stands without batting an eye. They seamlessly blend in with the surrounding scenery and almost feel like they're more part of the theming rather than a place to grab what could become your new favorite Disney World snack. But this is me telling you that overlooking these snack stands is a big mistake. Here, let me introduce you to the gang of snack stands and show you where they're located as well as what they have to offer. Just keep in mind that these little dudes change up their menus a lot, so you'll want to double check them before your next visit to make sure the thing you wanted to try is still there and waiting for you. You'll pass Terror Treats on the Discovery Island Trail going towards Africa. Now, this Terror Treats menu changes more frequently than kind of all the others, but the current menu features Colombian style hot dogs and a twist on Disney's famous Pog, which is passion fruit, orange, and guava juice. As in, this version of Pog also has limeade. Does that make it poggle? And chili lime seasoning around the rim. The smiling crocodile is over near Flame Tree Barbecue over in Discovery Island. And much like Terra Treats, it also likes to switch things up on us. But we wouldn't mind if the current snacks available here stuck around for a while because now the Smiling Crocodile serves up some loaded cheesy array bus that we're kind of obsessed with. We already talked about Eight Spoon Cafe earlier. That's the proud new home of the Buffalo chicken chips and is also the place where you're going to find loaded baked mac and cheese dishes, which I said, by the way, are my favorite. It also has family churros on offer, which is 21 bite-sized churros with sprinkles and chocolate and caramel dipping sauces. You'll find 8 Spoon Cafe and Discovery Island near the entrance to Asia. You'll also find Isle of Java in the same area as Eight Spoon Cafe. Now, Isisle of Java has coffees, boozy beverages, and pastries on its menu. and recently it added some Zootopia themed options to its listings as well in honor of Zootopia Better Zoo's grand opening in the park. Now you can get the Clawouser's Big Donut Macaron which is a macaron filled with chocolate ganache, strawberry jelly, chocolate glaze and rainbow sprinkles and the Bunny Burrow Brew which is a Joffrey's French roast cold brew coffee with condensed milk and blueberry syrup garnished with whipped cream, a sugar carrot and chocolate crisp blueberries quote unquote. Mr. Kamal is on the pathway from Africa to Asia, and we love it best for its seasoned fries with Sriracha mayonnaise dipping sauce. Though, we'd also gladly take an order of the chicken dumplings from here, too. Caravan Road is right across from Mr. Kimal's. This stand, when it's open, serves up a fruity selection of shave ice, including cocky gori, topped with sweetened condensed milk, and alcoholic shaved ice, which is the regular stuff just with vodka. And Warong Outpost is another Asia snack stand which is hiding unique Dolehip concoctions now, including the Rafiki Wild Berry and Dolehip Orange Float, which used to be over there at Trilo Bites made with Dolehip Orange swirled into Fanta Orange and Wild Berry syrup, all topped off with white chocolate character medallions. Okay, I could talk about Animal Kingdom snacks for the rest of the day. No, seriously, we've got a full Animal Kingdom snack guide on dfbstore.com that proves it. Speaking of which, if you really want the DL on all things Disney World snacks, complete with snack maps and recommendations and full descriptions of every single snack you're going to find across the parks, then do consider picking up our Disney World snacks bundle, which is going to give you a discounted price on all our individual snack guides. Plus, you can add even more of a discount by typing code YouTube before you check out. So, you'll save a bunch of money that way. Now, it's time to talk breakfast. If you're on the hunt for solid breakfast choices in Animal Kingdom, here are our four main recommendations. For the best sit-down option, choose Tusker House. Tusker House is a character buffet where you can meet Safari Donald, Daisy, Goofy, and Mickey during breakfast, lunch, or dinner. But breakfast is going to be your cheapest dining option of the bunch, putting you back $52 per adult instead of 64. During breakfast, you got a lot of different options to choose from. Some more classic like tater tots and sausage, bacon, eggs, and the like. And some more adventurous like ham and cheese fittatas, babooti, which is an African kiche, fried plantains, and chicken curry. Buffet options rotate out regularly, but more often than not, you should be able to find Simba waffles on the line, which might taste like Mickey waffles, but it's Simba, so that means it's totally different. For a slightly cheaper sitown option that the kids will still get a kick out of, you can choose Rainforest Cafe. Over at Rainforest, you'll find a variety of alle cart options to enjoy while watching the animatronic animals freak out whenever it starts thundering and lightning. Adult entre range between $16 and $28. For the classic Starbucks hookup, choose Creature Comforts. It's a coffee/pastry/ starbies breakfast sandwich hub that can get really, really busy in the morning. But I'm not exactly recommending that you skip it all together. After all, there are some fun animal themed and other seasonal baked goods you can frequently find in the bakery display case at Creature Comforts. And here's a special DFB tip for you. What most guests don't know is that there are two Creature Comfort lines. The first points toward Discovery Island and tends to be much longer cuz it's the first one you'll see. The second points toward the Africa section of the park and is more likely going to be the shorter option. And for consistently shorter coffee lines with a few more unique pastry and morning options, too, choose Cusiferi Coffee Shop and Bakery. This is over in Africa, and it's a reliable stop for some quick breakfast bites in Joffrey's branded coffee. Okay, this is an interesting section to this video. I need to warn y'all about something. A lot of spots around Animal Kingdom close even earlier than the park does. Yeah, like earlier than 6:00 p.m. Even here, I'll show you. Caravan Road closes at 5:00 pm, though sometimes it doesn't even open at all if the crowds aren't too bad in the park that day. Eight Spoon Cafe, Cousiferi Coffee Shop and Bakery, and Warong Outpost also close at 5:00 p.m. Pizzaari is shut down at 4:30 p.m. and Terra Treats is done at 4. And the Smiling Crocodile, he's done at 3:30. So, if there was a snack I listed off earlier that you wanted to try, be sure to double check that stands hours. That way you don't put off getting your sweet or savory treat until it's too late. Got to wash down all those snacks and entre with something right. And if you're on the hunt for the best alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks of the park, here's where you're going to want to go. In Pandora, go to Pongu Pangu. Even if I'm not looking for a drink, I still like to hit up Pangu Pongu for one of their Pongo Lubias, which is like one of the cheapest snacks you can find in the park. Less than $4 for fried pineapple cream cheese. Bring it on. It's one of my favorites. But what Pongu Pongu is even better known for is its blossom drinks. And no, I don't mean Mayambial in the9s. First, you've got the Night Blossom, a vibrant non-alcoholic frozen concoction with layers of apple and desert pear limeade topped with fruity bursting boba. And then you've got the rum blossom, which is the exact same thing as the night blossom, just with rum for the 21 and over crowd. Pangu Pangu also serves up other specialty alcoholic beverages like the Moara High Country Ale, an amber ale with a spicy hop aroma. The Hawks Grog Aelee. This is a fruity hop with notes of apricot and peach. And the Moara Margarita, similar to a regular margarita, just with additional blue curisso and bursting boba balls. Pangu Pangu also recently released a new boba beverage that's turning heads called the Night Wraith Blaze. Made with blood orange, lyche, and wild berry slushie, topped with a glow cube and passion fruit filled bursting boba pearls. This one can also be spiked with vodka at an additional price. In Discovery Island, absolutely go to Nomad Lounge. Actually, don't just come here for the drinks. Come here planning to snack, too, because you're going to find some solid small plate options on the menu, including stuff like the Tiffen's Bread Service from Next Door, the grilled chicken saté, and the best churros on property, bar none. But even if you are just here for the drinks, you're not going to leave disappointed. All the cocktails and mocktails here are handcrafted. Not to mention, there's a whole variety of drinks here, so you're bound to find something you're going to enjoy. You want a fruity and fresh cocktail? Consider the Annaperna Zing made with gin and passion fruit puree, mint, simple syrup, lime juice, ginger beer, all topped off with a glowing lotus flour. You want the non- boozy version of that? Try the Zingabber Fizzy, which is the same thing minus the gin. Looking for something less fruity and a bit more strong? Try the tempting tigress made with 10-year bourbon. St. Elizabeth all spiced drram lour tamarind and lime juice. If you're a tea connoisseur, consider trying the non-alcoholic passion fruit vanilla flavored iced tea. Seriously, I could keep going, but the main takeaway, you've got a range of flavors here, both alcoholic and non. In Africa, you're going to head to Tamu Tamu Refreshments. This is also where you're going to want to go to pick up a classic pineapple dolip inside Animal Kingdom or even a pineapple crisp sundae if you really want to go hard on the pineapple and tropical flavors. But what makes Tamu Tamu refreshments stand out are its various dolip floats. When it comes to the familyfriendly floats, you've got your classic pineapple juice version and an orange soda version. And when it comes to the adults only floats, you can get those pineapple orange soda versions spiked with coconut rum or you can get a sangria dolip float. Tamu Tamu likes to come up with limited time floats, both Uzi and naan, as well. So, when you're in the area, check and see if there's some sort of popup sign advertising a new seasonal flavor. I'd also recommend checking out Dawa Bar in Africa, too, but only if you're on the hunt for an alcoholic beverage. Dawa has a few standout cocktails on offer that you won't find anywhere else in the park, including the Nagumu Jungle Juice, which is basically Disney's Pog Juice spiked with vodka and peach schnaps. And in Asia, go to Anandapur Tea Company. This is a tuckedway Joffrey's kiosk that specializes in iced and hot teas like masala chai, green blackberry, jasmine, Moroccan mint, honey vanilla ruibos, and more. There are a few cocktails also on offer here, but for slightly bigger selections of alcoholic drinks in this area, you might be better off checking out the Thirsty River Bar, which has a strong selection of beers, hard teas, hard selzers, wines, and specialty cocktails. So, what else would you like to know about dining and snacking in Animal Kingdom? Let me know. Drop your questions down in the comments, and we can see if we can answer them now or in future videos. And don't forget to download our free DFB top Disney World restaurants list over at disneyfoodblog.com/top restaurants. Thanks for listening, everyone, and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog, and we'll see you real soon.
