---
video_id: rD4vKKIvjRs
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Please Don't Do This in Disney World"
published: 2025-12-15
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rD4vKKIvjRs
---
This is my big flashing warning sign This is my big flashing warning sign This is my big flashing warning sign from me to you, which will hopefully from me to you, which will hopefully from me to you, which will hopefully steer you away from making some of the steer you away from making some of the steer you away from making some of the worst decisions during your next Disney worst decisions during your next Disney worst decisions during your next Disney World vacation. This is going to be a World vacation. This is going to be a World vacation. This is going to be a fun one. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. Now, we've all got that friend, Blog. Now, we've all got that friend, Blog. Now, we've all got that friend, right? The one who goes on vacation and right? The one who goes on vacation and right? The one who goes on vacation and texts you with all their fun updates. I texts you with all their fun updates. I texts you with all their fun updates. I had a friend who went to Disney World had a friend who went to Disney World had a friend who went to Disney World for the first time a couple of weeks for the first time a couple of weeks for the first time a couple of weeks back, and getting all her text updates back, and getting all her text updates back, and getting all her text updates was an absolute blast, just living it was an absolute blast, just living it was an absolute blast, just living it all vicariously from her perspective the all vicariously from her perspective the all vicariously from her perspective the whole time. But there were also some whole time. But there were also some whole time. But there were also some texts I received from her that seemed texts I received from her that seemed texts I received from her that seemed like uh red flags. Here are those text like uh red flags. Here are those text like uh red flags. Here are those text threads so you can avoid similar threads so you can avoid similar threads so you can avoid similar situations before they happen to you. My friend was visiting the parks during My friend was visiting the parks during My friend was visiting the parks during a time I'd normally call average crowd a time I'd normally call average crowd a time I'd normally call average crowd level season. Like it was right after level season. Like it was right after level season. Like it was right after Halloween and around the first weekend Halloween and around the first weekend Halloween and around the first weekend that the Christmas stuff was getting that the Christmas stuff was getting that the Christmas stuff was getting ready to pop off. Plus, when I received ready to pop off. Plus, when I received ready to pop off. Plus, when I received this text from her, it was a Tuesday this text from her, it was a Tuesday this text from her, it was a Tuesday afternoon. And I stand by what I told afternoon. And I stand by what I told afternoon. And I stand by what I told her. Usually during the week, crowd her. Usually during the week, crowd her. Usually during the week, crowd levels for the parks aren't as levels for the parks aren't as levels for the parks aren't as diabolical as they are during the diabolical as they are during the diabolical as they are during the weekends. However, this was her weekends. However, this was her weekends. However, this was her messaging me from inside Magic Kingdom. messaging me from inside Magic Kingdom. messaging me from inside Magic Kingdom. Even on lower crowd level days, it's not Even on lower crowd level days, it's not Even on lower crowd level days, it's not uncommon for Magic Kingdom lines to be uncommon for Magic Kingdom lines to be uncommon for Magic Kingdom lines to be way higher than what you're used to way higher than what you're used to way higher than what you're used to seeing back at the amusement park seeing back at the amusement park seeing back at the amusement park closest to your hometown. Seven Dwarfs closest to your hometown. Seven Dwarfs closest to your hometown. Seven Dwarfs Mine Train and Peter Pan's Flight will Mine Train and Peter Pan's Flight will Mine Train and Peter Pan's Flight will more than likely be a 60 plus minute more than likely be a 60 plus minute more than likely be a 60 plus minute endeavor. Tron, Light Cycle Run will be endeavor. Tron, Light Cycle Run will be endeavor. Tron, Light Cycle Run will be probably even longer than that. Space probably even longer than that. Space probably even longer than that. Space Mountain and Tiana's Bayou Adventure Mountain and Tiana's Bayou Adventure Mountain and Tiana's Bayou Adventure might waver, but they'll see some pretty might waver, but they'll see some pretty might waver, but they'll see some pretty lengthy lines in the afternoon, too. You lengthy lines in the afternoon, too. You lengthy lines in the afternoon, too. You get the picture. Magic Kingdom is just a get the picture. Magic Kingdom is just a get the picture. Magic Kingdom is just a super popular place. My friend ended up super popular place. My friend ended up super popular place. My friend ended up returning to Magic Kingdom later on in returning to Magic Kingdom later on in returning to Magic Kingdom later on in her trip for a take two, but this time her trip for a take two, but this time her trip for a take two, but this time with Lightning Lanes purchased and with Lightning Lanes purchased and with Lightning Lanes purchased and pre-selected, which helped her knock out pre-selected, which helped her knock out pre-selected, which helped her knock out a lot of the ones she wasn't able to see a lot of the ones she wasn't able to see a lot of the ones she wasn't able to see the first time around. Lightning lanes the first time around. Lightning lanes the first time around. Lightning lanes can definitely be a big help for you can definitely be a big help for you can definitely be a big help for you ride completionists out there, cuz ride completionists out there, cuz ride completionists out there, cuz that's Disney's premium skip the ride that's Disney's premium skip the ride that's Disney's premium skip the ride line service that was created to do line service that was created to do line service that was created to do exactly what my friend needed it to do. exactly what my friend needed it to do. exactly what my friend needed it to do. Help her bypass the longest cues so she Help her bypass the longest cues so she Help her bypass the longest cues so she could get as much done in her visit as could get as much done in her visit as could get as much done in her visit as possible. If you want to see if possible. If you want to see if possible. If you want to see if Lightning Lanes are the right fit for Lightning Lanes are the right fit for Lightning Lanes are the right fit for you, be sure to scan this QR code, the you, be sure to scan this QR code, the you, be sure to scan this QR code, the one on the screen right now, or click on one on the screen right now, or click on one on the screen right now, or click on the for the for the for Disneyfoodblog.com/ Disneyfoodblog.com/ Disneyfoodblog.com/ multipass after this to get your free multipass after this to get your free multipass after this to get your free guide to maximizing [music] lightning guide to maximizing [music] lightning guide to maximizing [music] lightning lanes. But if you're looking for other lanes. But if you're looking for other lanes. But if you're looking for other ways to help cut down on those ride ways to help cut down on those ride ways to help cut down on those ride lines, remember these things first. The lines, remember these things first. The lines, remember these things first. The early bird truly does get the worm, or early bird truly does get the worm, or early bird truly does get the worm, or the shorter ride line in this case. the shorter ride line in this case. the shorter ride line in this case. Early theme park entry, which allows Early theme park entry, which allows Early theme park entry, which allows Disney hotel guests to enter the parks Disney hotel guests to enter the parks Disney hotel guests to enter the parks great head start for the ride. But even great head start for the ride. But even great head start for the ride. But even if you're not a hotel guest and you're if you're not a hotel guest and you're if you're not a hotel guest and you're staying somewhere off property, being at staying somewhere off property, being at staying somewhere off property, being at the park for rope drop, that's park the park for rope drop, that's park the park for rope drop, that's park opening, can also help you get ahead of opening, can also help you get ahead of opening, can also help you get ahead of all the other guests who decided to hit all the other guests who decided to hit all the other guests who decided to hit the snooze button a couple more times. the snooze button a couple more times. the snooze button a couple more times. Tip two, the night owl also sometimes Tip two, the night owl also sometimes Tip two, the night owl also sometimes gets a worm. Rides like Tron probably gets a worm. Rides like Tron probably gets a worm. Rides like Tron probably aren't going to drop down too much aren't going to drop down too much aren't going to drop down too much towards the end of the night, especially towards the end of the night, especially towards the end of the night, especially since nighttime rides on Tron are way since nighttime rides on Tron are way since nighttime rides on Tron are way cooler than they are during the day. But cooler than they are during the day. But cooler than they are during the day. But most of the other ride lines will start most of the other ride lines will start most of the other ride lines will start to dwindle just before and just after to dwindle just before and just after to dwindle just before and just after the fireworks. And tip number three, if the fireworks. And tip number three, if the fireworks. And tip number three, if waiting in forever long ride lines is waiting in forever long ride lines is waiting in forever long ride lines is going to ruin the vibe of your whole going to ruin the vibe of your whole going to ruin the vibe of your whole trip, you might want to look into what trip, you might want to look into what trip, you might want to look into what nights you can grab an after hours nights you can grab an after hours nights you can grab an after hours ticket instead. [music] ticket instead. [music] ticket instead. [music] After hours events are a separately After hours events are a separately After hours events are a separately ticketed purchase where the parks stay ticketed purchase where the parks stay ticketed purchase where the parks stay open for three extra hours for a limited open for three extra hours for a limited open for three extra hours for a limited number of guests so that those guests number of guests so that those guests number of guests so that those guests can hop on rides with much shorter can hop on rides with much shorter can hop on rides with much shorter weights. They can also walk around the weights. They can also walk around the weights. They can also walk around the parks with no blaring sun and no parks with no blaring sun and no parks with no blaring sun and no shoulder-to-shoulder crowds and meet shoulder-to-shoulder crowds and meet shoulder-to-shoulder crowds and meet rare characters and enjoy complimentary rare characters and enjoy complimentary rare characters and enjoy complimentary snacks throughout the night. You can snacks throughout the night. You can snacks throughout the night. You can purchase after hours tickets and learn purchase after hours tickets and learn purchase after hours tickets and learn about when they're going to be happening about when they're going to be happening about when they're going to be happening too over on the Disney World website. You can get a whole lot done in a single You can get a whole lot done in a single You can get a whole lot done in a single park in just one day if you play your park in just one day if you play your park in just one day if you play your cards right, but it's really, really cards right, but it's really, really cards right, but it's really, really hard to get everything done. Let me show hard to get everything done. Let me show hard to get everything done. Let me show you why I was trying to break the news you why I was trying to break the news you why I was trying to break the news to my friend easily that there was no to my friend easily that there was no to my friend easily that there was no way she was going to knock out all the way she was going to knock out all the way she was going to knock out all the shows before the end of her park day. shows before the end of her park day. shows before the end of her park day. Hollywood Studios has six live stage Hollywood Studios has six live stage Hollywood Studios has six live stage shows. Beauty and the Beast, Live on shows. Beauty and the Beast, Live on shows. Beauty and the Beast, Live on Stage, that's 25 minutes. For the first Stage, that's 25 minutes. For the first Stage, that's 25 minutes. For the first time in forever, A Frozen Singalong time in forever, A Frozen Singalong time in forever, A Frozen Singalong Celebration, 30 minutes. Indiana Jones Celebration, 30 minutes. Indiana Jones Celebration, 30 minutes. Indiana Jones epic stunt spectacular 30 minutes. The epic stunt spectacular 30 minutes. The epic stunt spectacular 30 minutes. The Little Mermaid, a musical adventure, 20 Little Mermaid, a musical adventure, 20 Little Mermaid, a musical adventure, 20 minutes. Disney Villains: Unfairly Ever minutes. Disney Villains: Unfairly Ever minutes. Disney Villains: Unfairly Ever After is 18 minutes. And The Fantasmic After is 18 minutes. And The Fantasmic After is 18 minutes. And The Fantasmic Nighttime Spectacular is [music] 30 Nighttime Spectacular is [music] 30 Nighttime Spectacular is [music] 30 minutes. See the dilemma? My friend sent minutes. See the dilemma? My friend sent minutes. See the dilemma? My friend sent me that text at 5:00 p.m. And the park me that text at 5:00 p.m. And the park me that text at 5:00 p.m. And the park that day was slated to close at 9:00. that day was slated to close at 9:00. that day was slated to close at 9:00. [music] [music] [music] Now, you might be doing the math and Now, you might be doing the math and Now, you might be doing the math and thinking, "Well, that's about 4 hours thinking, "Well, that's about 4 hours thinking, "Well, that's about 4 hours left in their day. Maybe that'll work." left in their day. Maybe that'll work." left in their day. Maybe that'll work." But you're not taking into account that But you're not taking into account that But you're not taking into account that several of these shows close well before several of these shows close well before several of these shows close well before the park does. Aside from Unfairly Ever the park does. Aside from Unfairly Ever the park does. Aside from Unfairly Ever After in The Little Mermaid, that'll After in The Little Mermaid, that'll After in The Little Mermaid, that'll have performances up till 8:00, as well have performances up till 8:00, as well have performances up till 8:00, as well as Fantasmic, which will play once or as Fantasmic, which will play once or as Fantasmic, which will play once or twice at the end of the night, the other twice at the end of the night, the other twice at the end of the night, the other stage shows tend to wrap up as early as stage shows tend to wrap up as early as stage shows tend to wrap up as early as even with Lightning Lane at your even with Lightning Lane at your even with Lightning Lane at your disposal, Hollywood Studios intricate disposal, Hollywood Studios intricate disposal, Hollywood Studios intricate rides still take time to experience. And rides still take time to experience. And rides still take time to experience. And you might want to squeeze in a quick you might want to squeeze in a quick you might want to squeeze in a quick dinner and some extra shopping around dinner and some extra shopping around dinner and some extra shopping around the theme park in the evening as well. the theme park in the evening as well. the theme park in the evening as well. So, I implore you, choose your mustdos So, I implore you, choose your mustdos So, I implore you, choose your mustdos and don't set yourself up for failure by and don't set yourself up for failure by and don't set yourself up for failure by trying to cram too much into your Disney trying to cram too much into your Disney trying to cram too much into your Disney day, only to be disappointed by getting day, only to be disappointed by getting day, only to be disappointed by getting some of it done instead of all of it. some of it done instead of all of it. some of it done instead of all of it. I'd recommend choosing one or two shows I'd recommend choosing one or two shows I'd recommend choosing one or two shows to accomplish during the day on top of to accomplish during the day on top of to accomplish during the day on top of seeing fantasmic at night since that seeing fantasmic at night since that seeing fantasmic at night since that shouldn't conflict with the other shouldn't conflict with the other shouldn't conflict with the other showtimes anyways. Then, if you can fit showtimes anyways. Then, if you can fit showtimes anyways. Then, if you can fit any others into your day, then that's any others into your day, then that's any others into your day, then that's the icing, sprinkles, gravy, and the icing, sprinkles, gravy, and the icing, sprinkles, gravy, and cherries on top. I can help you plan and cherries on top. I can help you plan and cherries on top. I can help you plan and organize your Disney days as much as organize your Disney days as much as organize your Disney days as much as possible, even though I'm all the way possible, even though I'm all the way possible, even though I'm all the way back here in Texas. So, if you want my back here in Texas. So, if you want my back here in Texas. So, if you want my help, go ahead and scan the QR code you help, go ahead and scan the QR code you help, go ahead and scan the QR code you see on the screen now or head to see on the screen now or head to see on the screen now or head to disneyfoodblog.com/discoplans disneyfoodblog.com/discoplans disneyfoodblog.com/discoplans so I can send you a recently updated, so I can send you a recently updated, so I can send you a recently updated, but still totally free DFB planning but still totally free DFB planning but still totally free DFB planning worksheets. I knew I was right about this one, but I knew I was right about this one, but I knew I was right about this one, but my friend really wanted to try both my friend really wanted to try both my friend really wanted to try both these restaurants and was running out of these restaurants and was running out of these restaurants and was running out of time to do so. So, she doubled up on the time to do so. So, she doubled up on the time to do so. So, she doubled up on the same day. And let's just say after a same day. And let's just say after a same day. And let's just say after a full lunch at Cake Bake Shop with a soup full lunch at Cake Bake Shop with a soup full lunch at Cake Bake Shop with a soup and sandwich combo and an appetizer and and sandwich combo and an appetizer and and sandwich combo and an appetizer and one of Cake Bake's famous giant glittery one of Cake Bake's famous giant glittery one of Cake Bake's famous giant glittery cake slices that she did share at least, cake slices that she did share at least, cake slices that she did share at least, her early dinner at 1900 Park Fair her early dinner at 1900 Park Fair her early dinner at 1900 Park Fair turned out to be great for character turned out to be great for character turned out to be great for character interactions, but a flop in the dining interactions, but a flop in the dining interactions, but a flop in the dining department. She was still just so full department. She was still just so full department. She was still just so full from lunch. But I get it. It's exciting from lunch. But I get it. It's exciting from lunch. But I get it. It's exciting when you've somehow been graced by the when you've somehow been graced by the when you've somehow been graced by the advanced dining reservation gods and can advanced dining reservation gods and can advanced dining reservation gods and can actually find not just one, but multiple actually find not just one, but multiple actually find not just one, but multiple table service restaurants that you table service restaurants that you table service restaurants that you really want to try in a single day, but really want to try in a single day, but really want to try in a single day, but you don't want to get overzealous and you don't want to get overzealous and you don't want to get overzealous and book multiple giant meals that you're book multiple giant meals that you're book multiple giant meals that you're not going to be able to fully not going to be able to fully not going to be able to fully appreciate. It's better to stick with appreciate. It's better to stick with appreciate. It's better to stick with one per day or even one per every other one per day or even one per every other one per day or even one per every other day and lean on Disney's quick service day and lean on Disney's quick service day and lean on Disney's quick service options to help feed you for the rest of options to help feed you for the rest of options to help feed you for the rest of your meals. That way, you won't feel your meals. That way, you won't feel your meals. That way, you won't feel over stuffed, and you'll be saving money over stuffed, and you'll be saving money over stuffed, and you'll be saving money and time in the process. If you're and time in the process. If you're and time in the process. If you're having a hard time deciding on which having a hard time deciding on which having a hard time deciding on which table services you really want to commit table services you really want to commit table services you really want to commit to, we can always help you out with to, we can always help you out with to, we can always help you out with that. The DFB guide to Walt Disney World that. The DFB guide to Walt Disney World that. The DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining over on dfbstore.com dining over on dfbstore.com dining over on dfbstore.com is our unbiased look at all of Disney is our unbiased look at all of Disney is our unbiased look at all of Disney World's restaurants. While we do have World's restaurants. While we do have World's restaurants. While we do have our recommendations that we're excited our recommendations that we're excited our recommendations that we're excited to share with you, we also list out the to share with you, we also list out the to share with you, we also list out the pros and cons and hidden secrets behind pros and cons and hidden secrets behind pros and cons and hidden secrets behind each restaurant, whether we recommend it each restaurant, whether we recommend it each restaurant, whether we recommend it or not, so that you can take matters or not, so that you can take matters or not, so that you can take matters into your own hands and decide which into your own hands and decide which into your own hands and decide which restaurants are going to be perfect for restaurants are going to be perfect for restaurants are going to be perfect for you. Just make sure to type in code you. Just make sure to type in code you. Just make sure to type in code YouTube if you want to save some money YouTube if you want to save some money YouTube if you want to save some money on that guidebook purchase. Not a text on that guidebook purchase. Not a text on that guidebook purchase. Not a text thread this time, just something Bria thread this time, just something Bria thread this time, just something Bria wanted to mention as a major warning wanted to mention as a major warning wanted to mention as a major warning that she had to learn the hard way that she had to learn the hard way that she had to learn the hard way during her last [music] trip. And to be during her last [music] trip. And to be during her last [music] trip. And to be fair, we all learned this the hard way. fair, we all learned this the hard way. fair, we all learned this the hard way. Take it away, Bria. Howdy, [music] Take it away, Bria. Howdy, [music] Take it away, Bria. Howdy, [music] friends. Bria here. I was kind of hoping friends. Bria here. I was kind of hoping friends. Bria here. I was kind of hoping that by the time I recorded this that by the time I recorded this that by the time I recorded this section, I would be feeling much better, section, I would be feeling much better, section, I would be feeling much better, but here we are. I'm still sounding but here we are. I'm still sounding but here we are. I'm still sounding garbly and like I have a cold, so bear garbly and like I have a cold, so bear garbly and like I have a cold, so bear with me. I went to the Hollywood Studios with me. I went to the Hollywood Studios with me. I went to the Hollywood Studios separate ticketed holiday event, separate ticketed holiday event, separate ticketed holiday event, Jollywood Nights, recently, and I had an Jollywood Nights, recently, and I had an Jollywood Nights, recently, and I had an absolute blast. Let me tell you, that absolute blast. Let me tell you, that absolute blast. Let me tell you, that was so much fun. I went with my husband was so much fun. I went with my husband was so much fun. I went with my husband and my best friend and we knew we were and my best friend and we knew we were and my best friend and we knew we were going to be out late that night. So, we going to be out late that night. So, we going to be out late that night. So, we [music] did sleep in that morning and we [music] did sleep in that morning and we [music] did sleep in that morning and we took it easy leading up to the event took it easy leading up to the event took it easy leading up to the event itself, but we still didn't [music] get itself, but we still didn't [music] get itself, but we still didn't [music] get back to our hotel room after Jollywood back to our hotel room after Jollywood back to our hotel room after Jollywood Nights until 2:00 a.m. And then we had Nights until 2:00 a.m. And then we had Nights until 2:00 a.m. And then we had to get up and around to make it to our to get up and around to make it to our to get up and around to make it to our Bulma breakfast reservation at Animal Bulma breakfast reservation at Animal Bulma breakfast reservation at Animal Kingdom Lodge the next morning. [music] Kingdom Lodge the next morning. [music] Kingdom Lodge the next morning. [music] Not my smartest move, but Bulma was Not my smartest move, but Bulma was Not my smartest move, but Bulma was calling my name. [laughter and gasps] calling my name. [laughter and gasps] calling my name. [laughter and gasps] So, this was all fine and dandy at So, this was all fine and dandy at So, this was all fine and dandy at first. I was still running on a first. I was still running on a first. I was still running on a Jollywood/bulma Jollywood/bulma Jollywood/bulma high and I felt fine, but when my high and I felt fine, but when my high and I felt fine, but when my husband and I got home after that fun husband and I got home after that fun husband and I got home after that fun little festive weekend, the combination little festive weekend, the combination little festive weekend, the combination of me not getting a whole lot of sleep of me not getting a whole lot of sleep of me not getting a whole lot of sleep the night before, plus being in a theme the night before, plus being in a theme the night before, plus being in a theme park in the middle of sickness season, park in the middle of sickness season, park in the middle of sickness season, wound up getting me sick. I was sneezing wound up getting me sick. I was sneezing wound up getting me sick. I was sneezing on Monday. Felt like complete garbage by on Monday. Felt like complete garbage by on Monday. Felt like complete garbage by Tuesday. And I'm still trying to find my Tuesday. And I'm still trying to find my Tuesday. And I'm still trying to find my voice again. [laughter] So, it's been an voice again. [laughter] So, it's been an voice again. [laughter] So, it's been an ongoing battle. It was worth it. I had a ongoing battle. It was worth it. I had a ongoing battle. It was worth it. I had a lot of fun. But man, Disney crud, you lot of fun. But man, Disney crud, you lot of fun. But man, Disney crud, you have struck me again. And I know this have struck me again. And I know this have struck me again. And I know this isn't going to be the last time you do isn't going to be the last time you do isn't going to be the last time you do so. Yeah. So, I I feel this. This so. Yeah. So, I I feel this. This so. Yeah. So, I I feel this. This happens to me on a regular basis. The happens to me on a regular basis. The happens to me on a regular basis. The important takeaway with all of this is important takeaway with all of this is important takeaway with all of this is to take care of yourself. Faith, trust, to take care of yourself. Faith, trust, to take care of yourself. Faith, trust, and pixie dust is not enough to save you and pixie dust is not enough to save you and pixie dust is not enough to save you from an onslaught of germs. Look at your from an onslaught of germs. Look at your from an onslaught of germs. Look at your itinerary and make sure that whatever itinerary and make sure that whatever itinerary and make sure that whatever plans you've got going on, late night or plans you've got going on, late night or plans you've got going on, late night or what have you, will still give you the what have you, will still give you the what have you, will still give you the chance to catch up on some Z's chance to catch up on some Z's chance to catch up on some Z's somewhere, even if that means heading somewhere, even if that means heading somewhere, even if that means heading back to the hotel midday and squeezing back to the hotel midday and squeezing back to the hotel midday and squeezing in a catnap. So telling my friend that park hopping So telling my friend that park hopping So telling my friend that park hopping with lightning lanes is possible created with lightning lanes is possible created with lightning lanes is possible created a monster. At one point during her day, a monster. At one point during her day, a monster. At one point during her day, she showed me a screenshot of her she showed me a screenshot of her she showed me a screenshot of her lightning lanes. And she had two lightning lanes. And she had two lightning lanes. And she had two multi-passes lined up for Animal multi-passes lined up for Animal multi-passes lined up for Animal Kingdom. One for Magic Kingdom and then Kingdom. One for Magic Kingdom and then Kingdom. One for Magic Kingdom and then a single pass, also known as the a single pass, also known as the a single pass, also known as the Allocart Lightning Lane, for the most Allocart Lightning Lane, for the most Allocart Lightning Lane, for the most popular Disney World rides for Guardians popular Disney World rides for Guardians popular Disney World rides for Guardians of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind in Epcot. of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind in Epcot. of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind in Epcot. And these were like lined up one right And these were like lined up one right And these were like lined up one right after the other. Parking with Lightning after the other. Parking with Lightning after the other. Parking with Lightning Lanes can be a great way to stretch your Lanes can be a great way to stretch your Lanes can be a great way to stretch your Lightning Lane dollar, but if you don't Lightning Lane dollar, but if you don't Lightning Lane dollar, but if you don't realize just how long it takes to reach realize just how long it takes to reach realize just how long it takes to reach all these parks, then you might all these parks, then you might all these parks, then you might unknowingly spend most of your Disney unknowingly spend most of your Disney unknowingly spend most of your Disney day, not in the parks themselves, but on day, not in the parks themselves, but on day, not in the parks themselves, but on the park buses stressing out about the park buses stressing out about the park buses stressing out about getting to your next Lightning Lane. getting to your next Lightning Lane. getting to your next Lightning Lane. Remember, Disney World is spread out. Remember, Disney World is spread out. Remember, Disney World is spread out. It's 42 square miles. And all these It's 42 square miles. And all these It's 42 square miles. And all these parks aren't just a hop, skip, and a parks aren't just a hop, skip, and a parks aren't just a hop, skip, and a jump away from each other. Most of them jump away from each other. Most of them jump away from each other. Most of them are going to be a 15 to 30 minute bus are going to be a 15 to 30 minute bus are going to be a 15 to 30 minute bus ride from one another depending on which ride from one another depending on which ride from one another depending on which parks you're traveling between. And parks you're traveling between. And parks you're traveling between. And that's not even factoring in the weight that's not even factoring in the weight that's not even factoring in the weight you might have to endure before the bus you might have to endure before the bus you might have to endure before the bus gets there. And then getting through gets there. And then getting through gets there. And then getting through security at the next park and walking to security at the next park and walking to security at the next park and walking to your destination. This bites me in the your destination. This bites me in the your destination. This bites me in the butt all the time. So if you want to butt all the time. So if you want to butt all the time. So if you want to park hop and use Lightning Lanes at the park hop and use Lightning Lanes at the park hop and use Lightning Lanes at the same time, I would try to stick with two same time, I would try to stick with two same time, I would try to stick with two parks if possible and not press your parks if possible and not press your parks if possible and not press your luck with three or all four. Not saying luck with three or all four. Not saying luck with three or all four. Not saying you absolutely can't press her luck with you absolutely can't press her luck with you absolutely can't press her luck with three to four parks, but do some three to four parks, but do some three to four parks, but do some planning ahead of time. My friend had planning ahead of time. My friend had planning ahead of time. My friend had the whole week ahead of her still, and the whole week ahead of her still, and the whole week ahead of her still, and this strategy got her racking up well this strategy got her racking up well this strategy got her racking up well over 30,000 steps in a single day. So, over 30,000 steps in a single day. So, over 30,000 steps in a single day. So, by day three, she was hitting that theme by day three, she was hitting that theme by day three, she was hitting that theme park slump big time. So, what's actually park slump big time. So, what's actually park slump big time. So, what's actually the best way to use park hoppers and the best way to use park hoppers and the best way to use park hoppers and Lightning Lanes together? If you're Lightning Lanes together? If you're Lightning Lanes together? If you're starting your day in Animal Kingdom, starting your day in Animal Kingdom, starting your day in Animal Kingdom, park hoppers can be great for whatever park hoppers can be great for whatever park hoppers can be great for whatever other park you're planning on hopping other park you're planning on hopping other park you're planning on hopping to, since Animal Kingdom doesn't have to, since Animal Kingdom doesn't have to, since Animal Kingdom doesn't have nearly as many rides for you to worry nearly as many rides for you to worry nearly as many rides for you to worry about accomplishing. For now, after you about accomplishing. For now, after you about accomplishing. For now, after you use one of your Animal Kingdom Lightning use one of your Animal Kingdom Lightning use one of your Animal Kingdom Lightning lanes, you can pre-seelelect your very lanes, you can pre-seelelect your very lanes, you can pre-seelelect your very next option from one of the other parks. next option from one of the other parks. next option from one of the other parks. Since you're able to hold up to three Since you're able to hold up to three Since you're able to hold up to three Lightning lanes at a time, by the time Lightning lanes at a time, by the time Lightning lanes at a time, by the time you're actually ready to hop over to you're actually ready to hop over to you're actually ready to hop over to one, just one of the other parks, you one, just one of the other parks, you one, just one of the other parks, you can have three Lightning Lanes lined up can have three Lightning Lanes lined up can have three Lightning Lanes lined up for it and ready to go. Park hopping for it and ready to go. Park hopping for it and ready to go. Park hopping with Lightning Lanes between Epcot and with Lightning Lanes between Epcot and with Lightning Lanes between Epcot and Hollywood Studios is pretty easy to pull Hollywood Studios is pretty easy to pull Hollywood Studios is pretty easy to pull off and doesn't take up too much of your off and doesn't take up too much of your off and doesn't take up too much of your time since you've got the Disney time since you've got the Disney time since you've got the Disney Skyliner connecting the two, making them Skyliner connecting the two, making them Skyliner connecting the two, making them a whole lot easier to travel between. I didn't realize that losing something I didn't realize that losing something I didn't realize that losing something in a ride share could be so expensive, in a ride share could be so expensive, in a ride share could be so expensive, but my friend wasn't wrong. You see, but my friend wasn't wrong. You see, but my friend wasn't wrong. You see, Lyft's lost and found service is easy to Lyft's lost and found service is easy to Lyft's lost and found service is easy to use. You can report a lost item through use. You can report a lost item through use. You can report a lost item through the Lyft app or a link in your email the Lyft app or a link in your email the Lyft app or a link in your email ride receipt, which gives you the option ride receipt, which gives you the option ride receipt, which gives you the option to call or send a message to your to call or send a message to your to call or send a message to your driver. According to the Lyft website, driver. According to the Lyft website, driver. According to the Lyft website, these options will be available for 24 these options will be available for 24 these options will be available for 24 hours after your ride ends. But this hours after your ride ends. But this hours after your ride ends. But this isn't like Disney's lost and found isn't like Disney's lost and found isn't like Disney's lost and found system, chargerback.com, which is system, chargerback.com, which is system, chargerback.com, which is totally [music] free for you to use and totally [music] free for you to use and totally [music] free for you to use and to get your stuff back. As consideration to get your stuff back. As consideration to get your stuff back. As consideration for your driver's time, riders are for your driver's time, riders are for your driver's time, riders are subject to a fee of $20 for the return subject to a fee of $20 for the return subject to a fee of $20 for the return of a lost item, according to Lyft, but of a lost item, according to Lyft, but of a lost item, according to Lyft, but the full amount does go to the driver, the full amount does go to the driver, the full amount does go to the driver, which is nice. That being said, this which is nice. That being said, this which is nice. That being said, this feels like more of a service that you'll feels like more of a service that you'll feels like more of a service that you'll want to use if you lose something major want to use if you lose something major want to use if you lose something major like your cell phone or your wallet or like your cell phone or your wallet or like your cell phone or your wallet or your purse. In the case of my poor your purse. In the case of my poor your purse. In the case of my poor friend's lost nuo, she figured she was friend's lost nuo, she figured she was friend's lost nuo, she figured she was just better off buying a whole new plush just better off buying a whole new plush just better off buying a whole new plush shoulder pal for the same price or less. shoulder pal for the same price or less. shoulder pal for the same price or less. Now, when it comes to reporting a lost Now, when it comes to reporting a lost Now, when it comes to reporting a lost item to Uber, the process is pretty item to Uber, the process is pretty item to Uber, the process is pretty straightforward, too. But there might straightforward, too. But there might straightforward, too. But there might also be fees attached to the safe return also be fees attached to the safe return also be fees attached to the safe return of your stuff. According to the Uber of your stuff. According to the Uber of your stuff. According to the Uber site, to pay the driver for their time site, to pay the driver for their time site, to pay the driver for their time and effort, returning your lost item, and effort, returning your lost item, and effort, returning your lost item, your account may be charged a return fee your account may be charged a return fee your account may be charged a return fee amount varies by location once your item amount varies by location once your item amount varies by location once your item is returned. Good to know. I should have been way clearer. When I should have been way clearer. When I should have been way clearer. When you're going to Magic Kingdom for the you're going to Magic Kingdom for the you're going to Magic Kingdom for the first time, that transportation stuff is first time, that transportation stuff is first time, that transportation stuff is no joke. And I know I mentioned that no joke. And I know I mentioned that no joke. And I know I mentioned that quite a bit on this channel, but to this quite a bit on this channel, but to this quite a bit on this channel, but to this day, Magic Kingdom transportation still day, Magic Kingdom transportation still day, Magic Kingdom transportation still trips me up and a lot of other people. trips me up and a lot of other people. trips me up and a lot of other people. So, here's the quick lay of the land for So, here's the quick lay of the land for So, here's the quick lay of the land for you. Starting from the Magic Kingdom you. Starting from the Magic Kingdom you. Starting from the Magic Kingdom front gates, when you're exiting the front gates, when you're exiting the front gates, when you're exiting the park, you'll be met with a few different park, you'll be met with a few different park, you'll be met with a few different transportation options. If you take a transportation options. If you take a transportation options. If you take a left, this is where you'll find the left, this is where you'll find the left, this is where you'll find the Disney buses. These are the buses Disney buses. These are the buses Disney buses. These are the buses that'll take you to one of the other that'll take you to one of the other that'll take you to one of the other parks or Disney Springs or to one of the parks or Disney Springs or to one of the parks or Disney Springs or to one of the Disney resorts. This is also where Disney resorts. This is also where Disney resorts. This is also where you'll find the start of the walkway you'll find the start of the walkway you'll find the start of the walkway over to the Contemporary Resort, as well over to the Contemporary Resort, as well over to the Contemporary Resort, as well as the pickup area if you book a as the pickup area if you book a as the pickup area if you book a minivan, which is Disney's personal ride minivan, which is Disney's personal ride minivan, which is Disney's personal ride share operated through the Lyft app. share operated through the Lyft app. share operated through the Lyft app. Also on your left, but before you get to Also on your left, but before you get to Also on your left, but before you get to the bus stop, you'll find the ferry the bus stop, you'll find the ferry the bus stop, you'll find the ferry entrance. This is one of the two ways entrance. This is one of the two ways entrance. This is one of the two ways you can get back over to the you can get back over to the you can get back over to the transportation and ticket center. transportation and ticket center. transportation and ticket center. [music] More on that in just a second. [music] More on that in just a second. [music] More on that in just a second. Straight ahead of you, right as you exit Straight ahead of you, right as you exit Straight ahead of you, right as you exit the park, you'll see the resort boats, the park, you'll see the resort boats, the park, you'll see the resort boats, which will take you to Wilderness Lodge, which will take you to Wilderness Lodge, which will take you to Wilderness Lodge, Fort Wilderness, Polynesian Village Fort Wilderness, Polynesian Village Fort Wilderness, Polynesian Village Resort, or the Grand Fidian. And then on Resort, or the Grand Fidian. And then on Resort, or the Grand Fidian. And then on your right hand side, you'll find the your right hand side, you'll find the your right hand side, you'll find the start of the walking path over to Grand start of the walking path over to Grand start of the walking path over to Grand Fian, as well as the Montreal station, Fian, as well as the Montreal station, Fian, as well as the Montreal station, which is the second way you get back to which is the second way you get back to which is the second way you get back to the TTC. You with me so far? Perfect. the TTC. You with me so far? Perfect. the TTC. You with me so far? Perfect. So, let's say you take the ferry or So, let's say you take the ferry or So, let's say you take the ferry or Montreal over to the transportation and Montreal over to the transportation and Montreal over to the transportation and ticket center. What happens after that? ticket center. What happens after that? ticket center. What happens after that? Well, now you've got more transportation Well, now you've got more transportation Well, now you've got more transportation options. To the left, after you exit the options. To the left, after you exit the options. To the left, after you exit the ferry or the Montreal, you'll be able to ferry or the Montreal, you'll be able to ferry or the Montreal, you'll be able to find the ride share pickup area for Uber find the ride share pickup area for Uber find the ride share pickup area for Uber and Lyft and any other rid share service and Lyft and any other rid share service and Lyft and any other rid share service that's not Disney's own, as well as the that's not Disney's own, as well as the that's not Disney's own, as well as the buses for Disney's partnering hotels buses for Disney's partnering hotels buses for Disney's partnering hotels that aren't owned and operated by that aren't owned and operated by that aren't owned and operated by Disney, but still provide these Disney, but still provide these Disney, but still provide these partnering hotel guests with partnering hotel guests with partnering hotel guests with transportation to the park. Straight transportation to the park. Straight transportation to the park. Straight ahead, you'll see the Magic Kingdom ahead, you'll see the Magic Kingdom ahead, you'll see the Magic Kingdom parking lot. So, if you drove to the parking lot. So, if you drove to the parking lot. So, if you drove to the Magic Kingdom that day, expect to park Magic Kingdom that day, expect to park Magic Kingdom that day, expect to park in the TTC, not in front of the Magic in the TTC, not in front of the Magic in the TTC, not in front of the Magic Kingdom directly. And finally, to your Kingdom directly. And finally, to your Kingdom directly. And finally, to your right, you'll see a tram service just in right, you'll see a tram service just in right, you'll see a tram service just in case your car is parked way out in the case your car is parked way out in the case your car is parked way out in the boonies and your feet just can't take it boonies and your feet just can't take it boonies and your feet just can't take it anymore. [music] Okay. Yeah, this is my bad probably. Okay. Yeah, this is my bad probably. Okay. Yeah, this is my bad probably. It's really easy to get caught up in It's really easy to get caught up in It's really easy to get caught up in telling people the best way to pull off telling people the best way to pull off telling people the best way to pull off the best Disney day and forget that the best Disney day and forget that the best Disney day and forget that everyone has way different opinions on everyone has way different opinions on everyone has way different opinions on things. Like, yeah, I'm going to tell things. Like, yeah, I'm going to tell things. Like, yeah, I'm going to tell you that the People Mover is the best you that the People Mover is the best you that the People Mover is the best ride in Magic Kingdom. But some of y'all ride in Magic Kingdom. But some of y'all ride in Magic Kingdom. But some of y'all out there are going to get on and off out there are going to get on and off out there are going to get on and off that ride and go, "That's it. There that ride and go, "That's it. There that ride and go, "That's it. There wasn't even a dropill." And I'm going to wasn't even a dropill." And I'm going to wasn't even a dropill." And I'm going to tell you that one of my least favorite tell you that one of my least favorite tell you that one of my least favorite places to eat in Epcot is Coral Reef. places to eat in Epcot is Coral Reef. places to eat in Epcot is Coral Reef. But some of you might choose it every But some of you might choose it every But some of you might choose it every time you go to Disney cuz it's got front time you go to Disney cuz it's got front time you go to Disney cuz it's got front row seats to the giant seabbase aquarium row seats to the giant seabbase aquarium row seats to the giant seabbase aquarium that you can enjoy while you dine. And I that you can enjoy while you dine. And I that you can enjoy while you dine. And I may tell you that one of my favorite may tell you that one of my favorite may tell you that one of my favorite snacks in Animal Kingdom is the Pongu snacks in Animal Kingdom is the Pongu snacks in Animal Kingdom is the Pongu Lubia, but my script writer, Bria, is Lubia, but my script writer, Bria, is Lubia, but my script writer, Bria, is going to question why she's typing that going to question why she's typing that going to question why she's typing that out yet again when she absolutely can't out yet again when she absolutely can't out yet again when she absolutely can't stand the thought of eating straight up stand the thought of eating straight up stand the thought of eating straight up fried pineapple cream cheese. [music] fried pineapple cream cheese. [music] fried pineapple cream cheese. [music] Different strokes for different folks, Different strokes for different folks, Different strokes for different folks, y'all. The moral here is that I'm so y'all. The moral here is that I'm so y'all. The moral here is that I'm so glad my friend stuck with her gut and glad my friend stuck with her gut and glad my friend stuck with her gut and rode the magic carpets anyways to rode the magic carpets anyways to rode the magic carpets anyways to experience that magical moment, which by experience that magical moment, which by experience that magical moment, which by the way does happen on, you know, a lot the way does happen on, you know, a lot the way does happen on, you know, a lot of mornings that Jasmine and Aladdin of mornings that Jasmine and Aladdin of mornings that Jasmine and Aladdin come out and like take the first ride on come out and like take the first ride on come out and like take the first ride on the carpets, right? Much like the carpets, right? Much like the carpets, right? Much like constructive criticism in a college constructive criticism in a college constructive criticism in a college creative writing circle, it's important creative writing circle, it's important creative writing circle, it's important to listen to the advice being given to to listen to the advice being given to to listen to the advice being given to you. But it's also important to you. But it's also important to you. But it's also important to distinguish what's actually going to distinguish what's actually going to distinguish what's actually going to help you out versus what might work for help you out versus what might work for help you out versus what might work for many but won't work for you. [music] many but won't work for you. [music] many but won't work for you. [music] So, if you want to ride the magic So, if you want to ride the magic So, if you want to ride the magic carpets, ride them. And if you want to carpets, ride them. And if you want to carpets, ride them. And if you want to skip the Pongu Lubia, I promise we can skip the Pongu Lubia, I promise we can skip the Pongu Lubia, I promise we can still be friends. Bria and I are still be friends. Bria and I are still be friends. Bria and I are friends. We get through all of our friends. We get through all of our friends. We get through all of our issues. Take advice. Learn when to reach issues. Take advice. Learn when to reach issues. Take advice. Learn when to reach out when you need a helping hand with out when you need a helping hand with out when you need a helping hand with your planning, but also follow your your planning, but also follow your your planning, but also follow your northern star when it comes to your northern star when it comes to your northern star when it comes to your mustos. One of the best ways to get legit Disney One of the best ways to get legit Disney One of the best ways to get legit Disney vacation souvenirs at highly discounted vacation souvenirs at highly discounted vacation souvenirs at highly discounted prices is by visiting one of the Disney prices is by visiting one of the Disney prices is by visiting one of the Disney character warehouses in Orlando. They character warehouses in Orlando. They character warehouses in Orlando. They are outside of the Disney bubble. The are outside of the Disney bubble. The are outside of the Disney bubble. The Disney character warehouses are part of Disney character warehouses are part of Disney character warehouses are part of a Disney retail chain featuring official a Disney retail chain featuring official a Disney retail chain featuring official character toys and clothes and character toys and clothes and character toys and clothes and collectibles and more at outlet prices. collectibles and more at outlet prices. collectibles and more at outlet prices. These shops sell Disney's Overstock or These shops sell Disney's Overstock or These shops sell Disney's Overstock or out ofse items that need to be out ofse items that need to be out ofse items that need to be liquidated. From Alani to Walt Disney liquidated. From Alani to Walt Disney liquidated. From Alani to Walt Disney World to Disney Cruise Line to World to Disney Cruise Line to World to Disney Cruise Line to Disneyland. It's all shipped to these Disneyland. It's all shipped to these Disneyland. It's all shipped to these character warehouses where you'll find a character warehouses where you'll find a character warehouses where you'll find a vast array of Disney items for prices of vast array of Disney items for prices of vast array of Disney items for prices of up to 50 to 80% off their original up to 50 to 80% off their original up to 50 to 80% off their original asking price. There are two character asking price. There are two character asking price. There are two character warehouses in Orlando. The first is warehouses in Orlando. The first is warehouses in Orlando. The first is located at the Orlando Vinand Premium located at the Orlando Vinand Premium located at the Orlando Vinand Premium Outlets, which is close to Disney World. Outlets, which is close to Disney World. Outlets, which is close to Disney World. Depending on where you are in Disney, Depending on where you are in Disney, Depending on where you are in Disney, it'll probably be about a 15 to 20 it'll probably be about a 15 to 20 it'll probably be about a 15 to 20 minute drive over. But this is the minute drive over. But this is the minute drive over. But this is the location that my friend visited, and she location that my friend visited, and she location that my friend visited, and she went here towards the early afternoon went here towards the early afternoon went here towards the early afternoon and on a Saturday. So yeah, once she got and on a Saturday. So yeah, once she got and on a Saturday. So yeah, once she got in line for the store, it took over 30 in line for the store, it took over 30 in line for the store, it took over 30 minutes before she was actually able to minutes before she was actually able to minutes before she was actually able to get into the store. All in all, she said get into the store. All in all, she said get into the store. All in all, she said the wait was worth it cuz she got quite the wait was worth it cuz she got quite the wait was worth it cuz she got quite a lot of Christmas and birthday shopping a lot of Christmas and birthday shopping a lot of Christmas and birthday shopping done while she was there without done while she was there without done while she was there without breaking the bank on a bunch of full breaking the bank on a bunch of full breaking the bank on a bunch of full price items. but she was just thankful price items. but she was just thankful price items. but she was just thankful that she didn't have any other pressing that she didn't have any other pressing that she didn't have any other pressing plans that afternoon that would have plans that afternoon that would have plans that afternoon that would have made this unexpected line screw things made this unexpected line screw things made this unexpected line screw things up for her. And that's definitely up for her. And that's definitely up for her. And that's definitely something you're going to want to take something you're going to want to take something you're going to want to take into account, too, especially if you're into account, too, especially if you're into account, too, especially if you're going on a weekend. Now, the second going on a weekend. Now, the second going on a weekend. Now, the second character warehouse location is over at character warehouse location is over at character warehouse location is over at Orlando International Premium Outlets, Orlando International Premium Outlets, Orlando International Premium Outlets, and that's a lot closer to Universal, so and that's a lot closer to Universal, so and that's a lot closer to Universal, so like 20 to 30 minute drive from the like 20 to 30 minute drive from the like 20 to 30 minute drive from the Disney bubble, not including traffic. Disney bubble, not including traffic. Disney bubble, not including traffic. This one still sees crowds, but not This one still sees crowds, but not This one still sees crowds, but not nearly as badly as the one closer to nearly as badly as the one closer to nearly as badly as the one closer to Disney. Often, you can just walk right Disney. Often, you can just walk right Disney. Often, you can just walk right in with little to no wait. But one thing in with little to no wait. But one thing in with little to no wait. But one thing I will say about both character I will say about both character I will say about both character warehouses, be prepared for warehouses, be prepared for warehouses, be prepared for shoulderto-shoulder crowds once you're shoulderto-shoulder crowds once you're shoulderto-shoulder crowds once you're in there, cuz the character warehouse in there, cuz the character warehouse in there, cuz the character warehouse secret is out. Okay, crisis averted. Or secret is out. Okay, crisis averted. Or secret is out. Okay, crisis averted. Or is it? There's still plenty more things is it? There's still plenty more things is it? There's still plenty more things I want to tell you about before your I want to tell you about before your I want to tell you about before your next Disney World vacation. So, be sure next Disney World vacation. So, be sure next Disney World vacation. So, be sure to check out our other major warning to check out our other major warning to check out our other major warning videos next, like our bad news about videos next, like our bad news about videos next, like our bad news about Disney World in 2026 vid, which is a Disney World in 2026 vid, which is a Disney World in 2026 vid, which is a spicy one at the moment. And don't spicy one at the moment. And don't spicy one at the moment. And don't forget to download those free Disney forget to download those free Disney forget to download those free Disney World planning worksheets that I World planning worksheets that I World planning worksheets that I mentioned earlier over at mentioned earlier over at mentioned earlier over at disneyfoodblog.com/dplans. Let me help you out from way over here Let me help you out from way over here Let me help you out from way over here in Texas. Thanks for listening everyone in Texas. Thanks for listening everyone in Texas. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. [music] As and thanks for watching. [music] As and thanks for watching. [music] As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog and I'll see you real soon.
