---
video_id: saZrBMp8YII
channel: DFBGuide
title: "The ULTIMATE Guide to Disney Springs in 2026"
published: 2025-12-11
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=saZrBMp8YII
---
Disney Springs really surprised us in 2025, and it's getting ready to shake up our future vacations next year, too. So, get ready to learn everything you need to know about this shopping district in Disney World. It goes way beyond your expectations. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. Now, would you believe me if I told you some of my favorite Disney World days happen outside of the parks? No, really not pulling your leg here. And if you know Disney Springs like I do, you'll understand where I'm coming from. If you don't, though, no worries. Let's use today's video to walk the streets of this beloved shopping district to see what stores you need to hit up, what restaurants you need to prioritize, where you can save money without skimping on the good stuff, and how you can make your next Disney Springs visit into one of your favorite Disney days. Okay, so what's new in Disney Springs? Lots of new things popped up around the shopping district in 2025. And while some of it was greeted with lots of fanfare and pageantry, other new things snuck onto the scene pretty casually, sometimes even undetected. So, let's review all the newness, the popular, and the hidden gems alike. For starters, a spooky new tradition started up around the Halloween season this year. We're used to seeing Jacqu Lindsay's Hanger Bar transform into Jaclyn's holiday bar around Christmas time, but 2025 was the first year that Jock Lindsy's ever transformed into the Halloween bar. And we're pretty sure this is going to be the norm from here on out because the Halloween bar was awesome. From spooky garland and decor draped from the rafters to the specialty menu of coloranging drinks and a beaker and skull seared mini quesadillas, alien invader sliders, and more. We would gladly return to this Halloween bar if it decides to rear its head again in 2026. Just recently, Marketplace Co-op jumped on the blind box bandwagon by opening up the Disney drop shop. And the internet is bonkers about that. Patty's Bar right outside Raglin Road finally opened up in early March. Even though the bar has just nine bar stools and only offers drinks, it's gorgeous, authentic, and has a drink menu featuring, as Disney puts it, the very best of Irish draft beers along with locally commissioned craft beers, plus an array of Irish cocktails. The Starbucks on the west side of Disney Springs was closed for refurbishment for a good long while in 2025, but when it reopened, it opened with a brand new look. Now, when you make your way through the entrance, you'll see this impressive mural stretching around the room, showing off a tropical scene with colorful animals and birds and fanning leaves. Now, my script writer, Bria, found it imperative that we discuss a new trend that's been sweeping the Disney spring scene this year, too. The little rubber creatures on top of your drink trend. Eat by Many Eat Show went above and beyond with the trend this year, featuring limited time cocktails with cute friends just waiting to be adopted. Some of our favorites included the dragon's breath from September, topped with Figment's longlost brother. That's a head cannon, guys. Don't quote me on that. Hank's GF Coast Sunset from June, topped with a rather distinguished looking octopus, I do say. And most recently, the Gnome Placeelike home cocktail topped with, you guessed it, a little guy with a red pointy cap and a white beard. And of course, we named ours Norman with a G. The polite pig was also on this trend, but they kept up with the rubber pig friends even as the cocktails changed. But of course, the boat house really started this whole trend with its classic duck duck raz featuring a cute little rubber ducky on top. But during the month-long Disney Adults crawl, where several of my favorite Disney Springs restaurants partnered with me to create a limited time menu promoting my first ever book, and I am still over the moon thankful and pinching myself about that. The Boat House took its frozen version of the Duck Duck Raz and gave it a little Disney adults upgrade. But one of the biggest new Disney Springs offerings that's got everyone amped up isn't actually open just yet per the release of this video, though we expect it to open soon, and that's Level 99. This is going to be a blast, y'all. Level 99 is an interactive social entertainment experience known for its over-the-top challenge rooms. And while there are other Level 99s open around the US, the one coming to Disney Springs will be Level 99's first ever Florida location. Expect over 50 physical and mental challenges set in artistic environments and artisan pizza offerings, too. We'll keep y'all updated once we learn about this mega arcade's official opening date. But we do now know that it's opening sometime in 2026. That is official. All right, let's talk about these super tips right now because you're not going to want to navigate Disney Springs without them, especially if you've never been before or it's been a while since your last visit. Super tip number one, stick to the least busy time frames if possible. The least busy time to visit Disney Springs is during the weekdays, shortly after the stores start opening up in the morning, so like around 10:00 a.m. So, if you're wanting to check out that new Disney Dropbox popup shop without being swarmed by other folks, or you want to get in line for Gideon's Bake House before the line wraps all the way around the landing, this might be your best bet. You can still visit on the weekends, of course, and in the evenings, but just be prepared to encounter a mix of tourists who are wrapping up their theme park days, plus locals who are ready to celebrate being off work. It's crucial that you book Disney Springs Table Service restaurants in advance, 60 days before your visit on the My Disney Experience app, or possibly even further out if you're using Open Table if you're planning on braving the weekend crowds. Super tip number two, parking is free and there are multiple lots. The Disney Springs Shopping District costs you nothing to go and check out. You can park in the parking garages or lots for free, or grab one of the Disney buses and hitch a ride over for an afternoon full of window shopping and live entertainment. Even if you see that one of the garages is filled up, or even all three garages on those ultra busy days, you'll still have the strawberry and watermelon parking lots available, which are over on the west side closest to Drawn to Life. In fact, you might start to prefer these lots over the parking garages since they're also going to be closest to the new level 99 arcade. Now, warning, the lime garage, which exists out into town center closest to the Polite Pig, will be temporarily closed at the beginning of 2026 to work on a few structural repairs. The Orange Garage next to AMC Theaters on the west side and the grapefruit garage across the street from Disney Springs, directly behind the lime garage, will still be open. Construction begins on January 12th and will last through March 13th. That being said, there will be a break in the middle of the project with a brief reopening planned from February 11th to February 17th, most likely to prepare for the holiday weekend demand. Super tip number three, prepare to go through security first. Wherever you decide to park, you'll have to go through a security check before you enter the shopping district, just like you do before scanning into the parks. So, make sure you've got umbrellas and phone chargers or anything metal or magnetic that you think might set off the security checks out of your bag and in your hand so security cast members can see what triggered the alarms and keep you moving right along. But more importantly, make sure you work that into your time budget. You are going to have to get to the security checkpoint from wherever you parked in that particular location and possibly wait in lines to go through it. So, I always recommend arriving at Disney Springs about an hour before any dining reservations you have planned. Super tip number four, other transportation is available here, but there's a catch. Good news, you can get to Disney Springs by Disney bus from any one of the Disney hotels. Disney Springs also has bus transportation to help you get back to your hotel again, too. But there are currently no direct Disney Springs buses that run between the parks. So, if you're hanging out at Hollywood Studios and you need to make it over to Disney Springs soon to get to a dining reservation, then you're either going to have to leave the park with plenty of time to spare because you're going to need to do a couple of bus transfers to make it over there, or you're going to want to save back for a ride share, like Uber or Lift to help you save some travel time. Disney Springs doesn't really offer any transportation beyond the buses except for their free boat transportation that'll take you over to nearby resorts like Port Orleans Riverside, French Quarter, Old Key West, and Saratoga Springs. Depending on where your room's located at Saratoga, you might also be able to easily walk from your room and over to the shopping district whenever you get the hanker in for a nice meal. Several Good Neighbor hotels that aren't owned by Disney but partner with Disney are also within walking distance of Disney Springs, including the Holiday in Orlando, the Double Tree Suites by Hilton, and the Drury Plaza Hotel Orlando, just to name a few. There's a bunch of them. You're probably already starting to see how Disney Springs is more than just a place to shop till you drop. It's a whole experience that you'll want to plan at least one of your Disney World days around. And depending on the time of year that you visit, you might want to plan around the seasonal festivities that Disney Springs has going on, too. For example, January is wellness month in Disney Springs, which means you'll find unique offerings like free wellness classes, including the Circus to LA drawn to life wellness workout, which is super fun cuz you might get to work out with some of the actual acrobats in the show. Fitness demonstrations happen and discounts happen at select retail locations. Raglin Road goes allin with festive parties and exclusive offerings. The two biggest celebrations that the restaurant hosts each year include one for St. Patrick's Day called the Mighty St. Patrick's Day Festival and the Great Irish Hulie which happens around Labor Day weekend. Each event is packed with singing and Irish dancing, award-winning bands, and limited time food and drink offerings. While the Great Irish Hulie doesn't require a cover charge, there is a $20 cover charge for guests 18 and older for the St. Patty's Day event. Raglin Road also offers no reservations on this holiday, so everything will be first come, first- serve seating only, meaning you'll want to hit up this restaurant early. Flavors of Florida happens in the summer, typically starting at the end of June and lasting until mid August. During this event, you can enjoy limited time cuisine inspired by the Sunshine State across several different Disney Springs restaurants, like over 45 of them. In addition to all these specialty menu items, you might also be able to partake in free culinary demonstrations from various chefs, including the masterminds behind restaurants like Morioto Asia, Wolf Gang Puck Bar and Grill, Eat by Manet Shaw, and many more. Plus, keep an eye out for pairing events where culinary experts host dinners featuring exquisite cocktails and wines and beer pairings. These dinners will cost money and require advanced reservations, though. Now, this next event isn't just a Disney Springs specialty. It's something that impacts many of the Orlando restaurants. And that's Orlando's magical dining event. Starting in late August and usually lasting throughout all of September, you'll be able to enjoy three course prefixed dinners at some of Orlando's most popular restaurants, including a handful of the Disney Springs restaurants. And pricing is set at just $40 or $60 per person, plus tax and gratuitity. But that's not the best part about this event. The best part is that no matter which of these prefix meals you decide to prioritize, $1 from every $40 meal and $2 from every $60 meal served will benefit one or more local nonprofits that help people in need. So, you're getting a great meal and a portion of your money is going towards a good cause. It's a win-win. Some of the Disney Springs restaurants that participated in this event in 2025 include Haleo, Maria and Enzo's, Wolf Gang Puck Bar and Grill, and Summerhouse on the Lake. During the fall, you can fall into magic around Disney Springs by tracking down a lot of specialty treats. These, of course, include Jacqu Lindsay's Halloween bar and its various spectral and spooky bites and sips. And when it comes to the winter and holiday season, Disney Springs goes all out for that holly jolly time of year as well. Shortly after Halloween wraps up and on until the end of the year, expect to find Christmy and festive offerings like the Christmas tree stroll, which is very fun. Jock Lindsay's holiday bar, Santa Claus meet and greets, as well as Santa Claus dining experiences at certain restaurants like Maria and Enzo. A visit from Douglas Fur, a talking wandering Christmas tree with a high-pitched voice and the sweetest little attitude. We stand Douglas fur in this household. Free Christmas performances up on the Advent Health stage outside world of Disney. and of course some snow sessions which you're going to find throughout Disney Springs during the holiday season. We love a good seasonal event and we don't want you to feel like you're going to miss out on the best ones that Disney World has to offer. So, if you want to look at the full lineup of events and holidays and seasonal perks and more across the next 12 months in Disney World, go ahead and scan the QR code you see on the screen now or head to disneyfoodblog.com/wdwcalendar after this to pick up our free Disney World calendar today. It is very cool, very impressive, and I hope you love it. There are so many restaurants in Disney Springs, like so so many. And that's why the Disney Springs section of the DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining is usually one of the most fun sections for us to write and edit because there are lots of restaurant reviews we get to share. And we get to tell you about our favorite tips for every single restaurant, ranging from the best discounts to the best seats to request to the best items to order, etc. lots of bests. But right now, what I'm going to do is tell you about our current favorite Sitown Disney Springs restaurants that you might want to add to the top of your dining priority list and the cheaper alternatives to each table service that might offer something similar just at a more budget friendly price point. Okay, number one, Raglin Road. So, Raglin offers authentic Irish pub food with a bit of a modern twist along with frequent live entertainment. Yep, not just a St. Patty's Day thing, it's all the time. Just be sure to check the Raglin Road website and the Disney Springs website for updated showtimes so you don't miss out. Now, for an Irish inspired meal that's more in the fast food department, you can check out the neighboring cooks of Dublin instead. Owned by the same folks that own Raglin Road, just less expensive. Also, it has that awesome Dublin or Irish cheese and bacon dip that is worth the visit alone. Restaurant number two, Homecoming. Homecoming by Chef Art Smith. This is a farm to fork restaurant known for its southern cuisine. And let's not forget about those moonshine cocktails or the hummingbird cake or the weekend rise and shine brunch that happens on Saturdays and Sundays. There's so much flavor and excitement going on at this place and it's kind of a mustdo at least once. Hard to get a reservation for though cuz everybody else feels the same way. Unlike Cooks of Dublin and Raglin Road, Chicken Guy is not right next to Homecoming. You're going to find it in Town Center near Planet Hollywood and the Coca-Cola store. And you'll find Homecoming in the Landing near STK Orlando in Morioto Asia. But if you're looking for fried chicken at a much cheaper price point than Homecoming, Chicken Guy is going to make that happen. This is a fast casual restaurant headed by Guy Fiiety and restaurant tour Robert Earl serving up all natural chicken tenders paired with a variety of sauces as well as chicken sandwiches, loaded salads, mac and cheese bowls, and more. Morioto Asia is a waterfront signature restaurant showcasing selections from across the entire continent of Asia. Much like the restaurant itself, Morioto's menu is massive. Sushi, dim sum, meat plates like Japanese A5 Wagu beef, noodle and rice bowls, raw bar, vegetarian options, specialty beverages, both alcoholic and naan, and a whole lot of other items that'll make you want to come back here sometime in the future to try new stuff you didn't have the stomach space for the last time. Now, if you're looking to save some money, you might be more interested in visiting Morioto Asia street food, which is located on the patio of Morioto Asia and serves counter service versions of some of the Panasian cuisine features at the main restaurant. Restaurant number four, Wine Bar George. This is an awardwinning wine bar thanks to having one of the best wine selections you're going to get literally anywhere. At the helm is George Milles, who is a Somalier, a master somalier, like the highest level Somalier you can be. and he has a long history with Disney actually opened California Grill like a zillion years ago as Savalier. Now there's a menu of over 200 wines and Wine Bar George also has daily lunch and dinner options and a weekend wine country brunch that you can book reservations for on Saturdays and Sundays. If you're looking for a faster wine and dine experience minus the advanced dining reservation, Wine Bar George does have a to-go window downstairs called The Basket where you can grab several of the same bites you can get from the main dining room, including options like crispy mac and cheese bites, housemade hummus. My beloved Millionaire shortbread and friscatos made with Dole Whip. Number five is Haleo. This is another signature restaurant that serves up both traditional and contemporary Spanish cuisine in a sharable tapas fashion. My favorite thing to order here is a giant portion of paella. Of course, paellas come in multiple flavors as well as daily specialty options, too. But no matter which version you order, expect a lot of food straight from the restaurant's woodfire grill. But it's not a bad idea to test Haleo's waters before booking those reservations by trying's attached quick service, Pepe. Pepe offers a much more limited menu of Halleo eats with a few extra options for pickier eaters that you might actually prefer to what the main dining room has on offer like the Spanish burgers, hot dogs, and freshlymade soft serve. Fa Cosina always promises an authentic Mexican cuisine every time you visit like carnita tacos, chorizo and avocado tyuda, queso fandido, and of course lots of different margaritas. Fun fact, Fanta uses the same mixology company that Lava del Tequila over in Epcot uses. So the margarita menu at FAA is going to look very similar for all you Lava fans out there. Now, similar to Homecoming and Chicken Guy, Cantina Barbcoa food truck are cut from different cloths, but offer up similar types of eats. So the Four Rivers food truck serves a variety of signature Mexican barbcoa dishes like nachos and tacos and quesadillas, as well as our favorite item, that giant taco cone. Now, speaking of cheaper alternatives, if you don't yet have the DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining available over on dfbstore.com, don't forget to type in code YouTube before you check out for a nice discount on your total purchase. Wait, really? I can only choose 10. There are literally dozens of snack locations in Disney Springs, so it feels like picking a favorite child or favorite children, I guess. Okay, I can do this. I can do this. I'll pick 10 Disney Springs snacks must dos for now. And I'll hope and pray that y'all use the DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining to help you fill in all the other Disney Springs snack blanks because I feel bad knowing that I'm going to have to leave some out. But I feel better knowing that you're going to learn about them anyway through the guide. No more excuses, AJ. Time to create my snack draft, but like Disney snack version of like the NFL draft. Like that's what we're going to do right now. Okay. Now, these are not in any specific order. Just a heads up. There's a reason you're always going to see a long line snaking out from the Gideon's Bake House storefront. And it's not just because this Gothic bakery is teenytiny, though that's part of the reason. Not only is this little storefront of oddities fun to step into just for the theming alone, but it also serves up some of the best baked goods across the entire shopping district. We're talking fully loaded half-PB cookies, unique specialty coffees like the peanut butter cold brew or the seasonal specialty options, and ginormous cake slices that'll provide you with more than enough to share with your whole family. Usually takes me a week to get through one of these cake slices. Vivival Gelato makes its gelato using the same recipes from the original Vivival storefront in Florence, Italy. Meaning they import several ingredients straight from Italy to create authentic Italian desserts. And you can taste the authenticity of this place. It is so good. I adore the aphagados here, which takes a gelato flavor and combines it with a shot of espresso, and that's really saying something because I'm not the world's biggest coffee drinker. But the gelato is just so good that it goes well with everything. Yep, I'm actually more of a tea drinker myself, which is why I love that the flagship Joffrey store in Disney Springs offers both coffee and tea selections. And yet, I still can't help but pick up a little cappuccino or latte from here every now and then, just to try the latest seasonal flavor or to get a fun little image printed on the latte foam for an extra 50ents. The ganacherie is known for its house-made chocolates. You can even see those expert chocoliers hard at work when you're inside the shop. The most interactive treats you can purchase here are their seasonal chocolate piñatas. When you purchase one, you'll get a little wooden mallet, which you'll use to bash this beautiful treat and get to all the fun fillings inside. The ginasherie also has these high-end s'mores. I know campsite food doesn't sound high-end, but it is here. They're made with vanilla bean marshmallow squares and surprise additions like fresh salted caramel ganache. When it comes to ooey gooey goodness, it is hitting all the right notes. The s'more is also further topped with a powdered sugar Mickey as an added magical touch. And during the holidays, you might even find seasonal s'mores on offer like a gingerbread version that sometimes comes around Christmas. Swirls on the Water switches out their specialty Dole Whip concoctions each month, guaranteeing that you can try something brand new each time you visit. But what makes this Dole Whip Snack kiosk even more impressive than it already is is the fact that you can order a sampler of all three of their current limited time flavor swirls without having to buckle down and decide on just one. Swirls on the Water also frequently switches out their boozy Dole Whip floats, not as a flight, but as an individual adults only beverage. So, you might be able to order items like a black cherry margarita float, a Dole Whip Angry Orchard float, a float topped with rum, sangria floats, or whatever other options are available that month. Technically, the Polite Pig is a full-on barbecue quick service, and a really good one at that. It's even been Michelin recognized. But I want to focus on the Polite Pig All Cart market sides for a minute, cuz two to three of those might be worth your snack stomach space. Market sides cost $6 each and include familiar savory options presented in fresh ways like barbecue cauliflower with paprika sour cream and candied papitas. Grilled street corn with chipotle ioli and breadcrumbs. Love a good ioli. Roasted beets with smoked pecan granola. Goat cheese yogurt and oranges. Crispy Brussels sprouts with whiskey caramel and more. Girardelli Soda Fountain and Chocolate Shop has a selection of premium specialty sundaes. They are pricey, like $18 to $22. But the ingredients are superb, and you'll get a whole lot of ice cream for that price point. If you don't want to pay 18 bucks for a Ghirardelli sundae, you can always choose to order one of their shakes instead, or maybe even a fancy hot chocolate. That's what I love, the salted caramel hot cocoa here. But no matter what kind of treat you choose, Ghirardelli always provides premium desserts. And you can actually choose your hot fudge flavor. So, milk chocolate or dark chocolate. You don't have to worry about spending a lot of money and not getting top tier stuff. At Goofy's Candy Company, the sweet stuff world is your oyster. But my favorite part about this place is that you can customize your own creation between 12:00 p.m. and 10:00 p.m. To do this, you'll grab a customizable card and put your name at the top. Then select your treat, your dipping flavor, and your toppings. And what treats can you customize? Oh, you've got your choice of caramel apples and Rice Krispie treats and marshmallow ones and cake pops. And for specific treats, they'll each come with only one topping, but you can add other toppings you want for just $1 more. But there's a new custom Mickey premium ice cream bar option here that you can choose to load up with toppings instead. And these Mickey ice cream bars have never looked better. You can choose either the $9.99 option with two toppings or really live your best life with the $14.99 option and six toppings. At the Daily Poutine, you're going to find the classic version of the popular Canadian fried dish along with a poutine that's internationally inspired, like the butter chicken version and the Korean barbecue version. This kiosk also has seasonal poutine options, too. So, come on by and see what's available. Aaron McKenna's Bakery NYC specializes in gluten-free, kosher friendly, and allergy conscious treats. This includes donuts, cupcakes, cookies, muffins, and more. So, go to town with these and try whatever sweets your heart and taste buds desire. Oh, by the way, most of these treats are also vegan. Why do I love Disney Springs happy hour offerings so much? Glad you asked. The Disney World parks and resorts don't usually have happy hours. So, Disney Springs is often the only place you're going to find these limited time deals on property. And let me just say, a lot of these deals are really, really good. Like, shockingly so. We've got the whole kitten kaboodleoodle of them listed out in our DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining, but here are just a few of my favorite happy hours that you can bet your bottom halfpric dollar that I'll be taking advantage of over and over again in 2026 as long as they stick around. STK Orlando is one of my all-time favorite happy hours at the moment, which is wild considering I've always been kind of an STK hater cuz the prices are so high here and the vibe is just weird. But I'm going to bite my tongue when it comes to Happy Hour because their deals are topnotch. Monday to Friday, 2:30 to 6:30 p.m. and Saturday and Sunday 2:30 to 5:30 p.m. Oh, and also Sunday through Thursday nights from 10:00 p.m. till close. Stk Happy Hour offers a select menu of bites and signature cocktails that range between $3 and $9. It's bonkers. Definitely check it out, even if you've kind of avoided STK in the past. Summer House on the Lake has another happy hour that I love. This one is actually called Martini Hour, which happens Monday to Friday from 3:00 to 6:00 p.m. There are three different martinis you can get on the menu, all for 10 bucks each. And if you're not into martinis, there's also a good deal on red, white, and rosé wine, as well as a rotating beer discount. And as for the discounted bites, these are more than just bites. These are substantial sharable snacks and entre that you can get for cheap. The bottomless truffle fries, for instance, are 10 bucks. And you can refill that sucker as many times as you want to and share it with up to four people in your group. $10. And you can also order the lobby cut tavern style pizza for $12. Now, you can choose to add on sausage, pepperoni, or spicy jardinara for an additional three bucks each. But the most important thing to note is that this is the same pizza you'll find on Summer House's regular lunch menu for 20 bucks. House of Blues has a happy hour deal from opening through 5:00 p. p.m. Monday to Thursday each week. Online, the Disney Springs website will tell you this deal is best known for its $2 off all bottled and canned beer and $5 house wine and well liquors and $6 margaritas and Long Island iced teas. But if you're sitting at the bar, you'll also be able to order from a selection of appetizer deals like garlic fries for eight bucks, gillet spinach and artichoke dip for 10, sticky barbecue ribs for 12, and more. Another thing we talk about a lot in the DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining is how many of the Disney Springs restaurants have loyalty programs that you can sign up for ahead of your visit and snag free items and discounted food and birthday promos or other future savings toward future visits. Some of the Disney Springs restaurants that offer up free loyalty programs include Blaze Fastfired Pizza, Cityworks, Earl of Sandwich, Sprinkles, and Wetszel's Pretzels, but there's a bunch more. Grab that DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining over on DFB store for the full list. Disney Springs can be a great theme park alternative if you're kind of burnt out on standing in ride lines and need a little break. It's also a great park alternative if you see a particularly stormy day on the extended forecast and you need to make some indoor plans ASAP to keep the vacation momentum going. So, what I'm going to do for y'all is show you the different Disney Springs attractions featured around the shopping district and tell you which ones get the sunny and rainy day green lights. One of the icons of the Disney Springs area is that giant blue balloon that hovers over the shopping district when the weather's nice and the wind is mild or non-existent. That's the Aerafile, the world leader in balloon flight. Aerafile offers an 8-minute flight in a tethered balloon, the world's largest handpainted helium balloon. Up to 29 guests can fly in this balloon at a time as it reaches heights of up to 400 ft. When you're high up in the air, you can see up to 10 miles across the Disney Springs property on a clear day. But if you time your visit just right and book a night ride instead, you might be able to see some of the Disney fireworks happening way out yonder. For rainy days, you can catch the latest theatrical release over at AMC Disney Springs. And if you book movie tickets around lunch or dinner time, you might also want to do the whole dining experience where you'll sit in comfy chairs and get to eat a meal during the show. Now, this isn't uber different from any of the AMC theaters you might have back in your hometown or those, you know, dine in a movie theaters, but still, if the rain comes down, it's nice to know you've got a dinner in a show to fall back on to keep the kids entertained. Drawn to Life combines Disney animation with the truly unique and stunning acrobatic performance of Cirto Sole while telling a story that's really gonna yank on your heartstrings. This is perfect for a rainy day. If you're looking to elevate your drawn to life experience one step further though, you might want to check out the exclusive prefix dining offer called Animated Evening to pair dinner at one of the participating Disney Springs table service restaurants along with the show. Additionally, a VIP tour, the pageto-stage signature experience, will give you tickets to the show, as well as commemorative souvenirs, snacks, and a backstage tour of the theater. Now, there are Disney World rides outside the Disney World theme parks, but to be fair, they're not like state-of-the-art rides or anything. You will be able to pay $3 to have your kid take a 3minut ride on either the Marketplace Carousel or the Marketplace Train Express, which if I know anything about little kids, they're going to love this just as much as It's a Small World. Good for sunny days. And for those rainy days, head to Splitzville. They don't call this place Luxury Lanes for nothing. You can get your game on at Splitsville Luxury Lanes while also grabbing a bite to eat from a menu that goes way beyond your typical bowling alley notches. If you want to just bowl and skip the food, though, you're more than welcome to do that and vice versa. Just keep in mind that making reservations for bowling and making reservations for dining are two separate things. You can reserve a lane on the Splitzville website and you can make advanced dining reservations through the Disney World website or through Open Table. If you just so happen to see a car driving on Village Lake while you're in the neighborhood, don't worry, your eyes are not playing tricks on you. That's a vintage amphar from the boat house. On sunny days, you can take a 20-minute cruise on a unique amphibious vehicle that drives on land until it enters the water. Decorate your very own culinary masterpiece in the form of a signature Mickey Dome cake under the instruction of the talented pastry chefs at Amoritz Petisserie. This is great for rainy days. The cake decorating experience at Amoretses is a hands-on class where by the end of it, you'll walk away with a signature Mickey Dome cake that you made. The 90inut small groupoup session is limited to just 14 guests, allowing for interaction and conversation with the pastry chefs. And cooler yet, the entire experience takes place in Amoret's show kitchen prior to the store's opening and comes with complimentary beverages with alcoholic options like mimosas and Bellinis for guests 21 and over. Want to take your kids somewhere fun for lunch and dinner while it's storming out to help improve the group's morale? Rainforest Cafe might be a chain you've seen at other touristy destinations before, but there's no use in denying how much fun this restaurant can be for kids. From the animatronic animals to the regularly scheduled thunderstorms to Tracy Tree in the gift shop. Actually, the verdict is still out about how I feel about Tracy Tree cuz she gives me like Mother Willow impostor vibes. For an animatronic heavy restaurant that's still owned by the same company, but isn't nearly as common. You can also choose to dine at T-Rex Cafe, which will be a big winner for the dino fans in your family. The Disney Photo Pass Studio is sandwiched between Marketplace Co-op and Ghirardelli Soda Fountain Chocolate Shop. And it's a little photo studio that lets you choose your virtual backdrop, maybe a prop or two, and take a few family photos that you can access through your memory maker. Just like a regular photo pass stop in the parks, you don't need a reservation for this studio. And often you won't really have to worry about much of a wait either. Nobody knows about it. But after you're done with your session, you can see your pictures immediately at the viewing stations off to the side. And if you didn't get the memory maker add-on, no worries. You can still purchase these photos at an individual price point once you get back home. And you can take pictures with your own phone, too. Disney Springs has over 90 different stores. 90. Of course, you're not going to be able to see all of them unless you make that the main objective of your whole vacation, which if that's your thing, great. But if you're looking for some of mine and the DFB team's personal favorites, here are a range of shop suggestions for you. Starting with the most Disneyi and working back towards the not so Disney stuff, but still just as noteworthy. Disney Ever After is one of the newer Disney shops in the district, it's best known for its customizable Disney plush headbands and its seasonal character collections. Now, you can probably guess what Disney Pin Traders is all about. This is going to be your hub for all things Disney pins. And it'll be hard to pull the kiddos away from the Once Upon a Toy Shop. It's all in the name. This is where you'll find dozens of Disney specific toys. Both Trendy and Disney Style are small shops for all things Disney clothing and accessories. They're not huge, but you can find back-to-back Disney stores like Star Wars Galactic Outpost and Superhero Headquarters around the West Side of the Shopping District if you're on the hunt for specific MCU and Star Wars merch. The Art of Disney sells original Disney artwork and sculptures and sometimes even features a live sketch artist you can chat with while you're browsing. The co-op marketplace holds a lot of stores in one centralized area. These kind of come and go, and it includes the new blind box shop I mentioned at the start of the video. Now, whether you're visiting during the most wonderful time of the year or during the sweatiest time of the year, you can get a Disney ornament from Disney Days of Christmas. You can even get your ornament personalized for a few bucks more. It's a great souvenir that not a lot of people know about. And of course, I'm saving the best for last in terms of the Disney stores. The World of Disney is the biggest Disney gift shop across all of Disney World. So, if you're looking for a one-stop shop for all your Disney specific stuff, this might be the ticket. Don't forget to use mobile checkout, though, so you don't have to wait in those long lines. Okay, these ones are hybrid Disney. Basin specializes in all the clean, good smelling stuff like body butters and salts and scrubs. You name it. But because this basin is in Disney, expect to find a few specialty Disney themed soaps and bath bombs on offer, too. Bose Signature Candles is another good smelling location, but of the candle variety. You can create your own candle here, or you can choose one of these pre-made selections on offer, some of which have scents that might trigger some familiar Disney memories. Crystal Arts by Aribbas Brothers is a glassware gallery where you'll mainly find Disney glass work for sale. So, be on the lookout for custom collectibles, tiaras, figurines, and daily glass blowing demonstrations. These are the same folks that have locations on Main Street in Magic Kingdom and a little section in the Mexico Pavilion in Epcot. They've got some stuff in Disneyland. You'll find them kind of all over the place. Uniqlo, a popular Japanese-based shop with affordable shirts and styles and even Disney inspired designs, too. And there's a lot going on over at the Lego store. You got giant Disney Lego figures to take pictures with, and you got epic Lego sets to choose from. Now, side note, literally, how do y'all build those things without chucking them across the room halfway through in defeat? I cannot get through a Lego set. So, those of you who can give me the tips. And you can also make yourself or your fellow Lego friend into a custom Lego mini fig. So, these ones aren't Disney, but still pretty touristy. If you're looking for a fun and unique souvenir to take home with you, the Art Corner is a really fun one. It features name art and caricatures and a create your own spin art experience which you'll make by pedaling a stationary bike. The T-Rex restaurant has Build a Dino right now, which is a lot like Build a Bear, just strictly with dinosaurs instead. The Coca-Cola store is three stories tall. The first and second stories of the store sell specialty Coca-Cola items. And the third floor is where you're going to find the rooftop beverage bar where they sell what? You guessed it, Coca-Cola. Be still my soda goblin heart. And if you love M&M's or you simply just love a whole lot of color, the M&M store can provide you with both. There's even a whole wall of M&M's where you can customize your own mixes or you can use the nearby kiosk to create teenytiny designs for a more personalized color-coded candy set. Now, there's a bunch more stores kind of more mall typical. You can probably fill in the blanks with some of these shops. You've got stores you'll probably find at your mall back home like Anthropology, Savannah Bee Company, Lululemon, Lily Pulitzer, etc. But some of the DFB team's personal favorite typical shops that maybe aren't as common in every mall are the Purveita jewelry store, Ron John Surf Shop, Shop for Ireland attached to the Raglin Road restaurant, the Spice and Tea Exchange, and Sugar Boo and Co. known best for its cutesy, artsy, and handcrafted items. Wait a minute. You want to learn more about Disney Springs? You got it. Be sure to check out some of our other Disney Springs videos next. We've got the ultimate guide to Disney Springs food or the things I'll never do again in Disney Springs. And don't forget to download our free Disney World 12-month calendar over at disneyfoodblog.com/wdwcalendar. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disneyblog and we'll see you real soon.
