---
video_id: whxS-IkVGRw
channel: DFBGuide
title: "The ULTIMATE Guide to Disney Cruise Line in 2026"
published: 2025-12-18
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whxS-IkVGRw
---
Will a Disney cruise be a better Will a Disney cruise be a better Will a Disney cruise be a better vacation than a Disney park in 2026? vacation than a Disney park in 2026? vacation than a Disney park in 2026? Watch today's ultimate guide video to Watch today's ultimate guide video to Watch today's ultimate guide video to the very end and find out. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. All right, there is so much going Blog. All right, there is so much going Blog. All right, there is so much going on in the Disney cruise bubble, it is on in the Disney cruise bubble, it is on in the Disney cruise bubble, it is hard to even know where to begin. But hard to even know where to begin. But hard to even know where to begin. But don't worry, today's video is going to don't worry, today's video is going to don't worry, today's video is going to go ind depth with what's new, what you go ind depth with what's new, what you go ind depth with what's new, what you need to prioritize, and what you need to need to prioritize, and what you need to need to prioritize, and what you need to know before you set sail, especially if know before you set sail, especially if know before you set sail, especially if this is going to be your first time this is going to be your first time this is going to be your first time sailing with the Disney Cruise Line fam sailing with the Disney Cruise Line fam sailing with the Disney Cruise Line fam this year. Let's dive in. All right, we this year. Let's dive in. All right, we this year. Let's dive in. All right, we always start these videos with what's always start these videos with what's always start these videos with what's new, what's just arrived on the scene, new, what's just arrived on the scene, new, what's just arrived on the scene, and what's coming soon. So, we've got a and what's coming soon. So, we've got a and what's coming soon. So, we've got a brand new ship here and another ship on brand new ship here and another ship on brand new ship here and another ship on its way. Let's talk about them both. The its way. Let's talk about them both. The its way. Let's talk about them both. The Disney Destiny set sail for the first Disney Destiny set sail for the first Disney Destiny set sail for the first time on November 20th, 2025, making her time on November 20th, 2025, making her time on November 20th, 2025, making her the third ship of Disney's Wish class the third ship of Disney's Wish class the third ship of Disney's Wish class fleet and the seventh Disney ship fleet and the seventh Disney ship fleet and the seventh Disney ship overall. Aboard the Disney Destiny, you overall. Aboard the Disney Destiny, you overall. Aboard the Disney Destiny, you got to choose a side, heroes or got to choose a side, heroes or got to choose a side, heroes or villains. But no matter which side you villains. But no matter which side you villains. But no matter which side you choose, heroes and villains are all choose, heroes and villains are all choose, heroes and villains are all around and on board this ship, including around and on board this ship, including around and on board this ship, including characters from The Lion King, 101 characters from The Lion King, 101 characters from The Lion King, 101 Dalmatians, Hercules, and more. Some of Dalmatians, Hercules, and more. Some of Dalmatians, Hercules, and more. Some of the Destiny's most noteworthy features the Destiny's most noteworthy features the Destiny's most noteworthy features are the first ever Lion King themed are the first ever Lion King themed are the first ever Lion King themed theatrical restaurant, Pride Lands Feast theatrical restaurant, Pride Lands Feast theatrical restaurant, Pride Lands Feast of the Lion King, Disney Park attraction of the Lion King, Disney Park attraction of the Lion King, Disney Park attraction lounges like Caskin Cannon inspired by lounges like Caskin Cannon inspired by lounges like Caskin Cannon inspired by Pirates of the Caribbean, and the Pirates of the Caribbean, and the Pirates of the Caribbean, and the Haunted Mansion Parlor, Deville's Piano Haunted Mansion Parlor, Deville's Piano Haunted Mansion Parlor, Deville's Piano Lounge, another lounge inspired by Dr. Lounge, another lounge inspired by Dr. Lounge, another lounge inspired by Dr. Strange called the Sanctum. New cafes Strange called the Sanctum. New cafes Strange called the Sanctum. New cafes and sweets shops like Cafe Magara and and sweets shops like Cafe Magara and and sweets shops like Cafe Magara and Edna Alamode Suites. Disney Hercules, a Edna Alamode Suites. Disney Hercules, a Edna Alamode Suites. Disney Hercules, a heroic new musical. A new Aquam heroic new musical. A new Aquam heroic new musical. A new Aquam adventure called Sing a Silly Song, adventure called Sing a Silly Song, adventure called Sing a Silly Song, which will have Mickey and Minnie which will have Mickey and Minnie which will have Mickey and Minnie leading you to the peak of Villain leading you to the peak of Villain leading you to the peak of Villain Mountain. You've got Dr. Facilia's Mountain. You've got Dr. Facilia's Mountain. You've got Dr. Facilia's Parlor, which is a super secret place Parlor, which is a super secret place Parlor, which is a super secret place that only allows like 10 people in at a that only allows like 10 people in at a that only allows like 10 people in at a time, and you get to see party tricks time, and you get to see party tricks time, and you get to see party tricks presented by Dr. Facilia himself. And a presented by Dr. Facilia himself. And a presented by Dr. Facilia himself. And a lot more hero and villain kind of secret lot more hero and villain kind of secret lot more hero and villain kind of secret meet and greets where that came from. meet and greets where that came from. meet and greets where that came from. and a show geared more toward the adults and a show geared more toward the adults and a show geared more toward the adults called with great power a Marvel comedy called with great power a Marvel comedy called with great power a Marvel comedy show. So if you're wondering why geared show. So if you're wondering why geared show. So if you're wondering why geared toward adults, well, Deadpool shows up. toward adults, well, Deadpool shows up. toward adults, well, Deadpool shows up. Now you know why. The Destiny is Now you know why. The Destiny is Now you know why. The Destiny is offering four and five night cruises to offering four and five night cruises to offering four and five night cruises to the Bahamas and Western Caribbean from the Bahamas and Western Caribbean from the Bahamas and Western Caribbean from Fort Lauderdale, Florida, not Port Fort Lauderdale, Florida, not Port Fort Lauderdale, Florida, not Port Canaveral. Heads up on that. Throughout Canaveral. Heads up on that. Throughout Canaveral. Heads up on that. Throughout the inaugural season, voyages stop at the inaugural season, voyages stop at the inaugural season, voyages stop at one or both of Disney Cruise Lines one or both of Disney Cruise Lines one or both of Disney Cruise Lines destinations, Castaway Key and the new destinations, Castaway Key and the new destinations, Castaway Key and the new Lookout Key at Lighthouse Point. For Lookout Key at Lighthouse Point. For Lookout Key at Lighthouse Point. For summer 2026 and into 2027, Destiny is summer 2026 and into 2027, Destiny is summer 2026 and into 2027, Destiny is going to offer three to seven night going to offer three to seven night going to offer three to seven night cruises to the Bahamas, as well as the cruises to the Bahamas, as well as the cruises to the Bahamas, as well as the Eastern and Western Caribbean. Now, we Eastern and Western Caribbean. Now, we Eastern and Western Caribbean. Now, we got a whole DFB video out about the got a whole DFB video out about the got a whole DFB video out about the Destiny right now since we had the honor Destiny right now since we had the honor Destiny right now since we had the honor of being part of her maiden voyage. of being part of her maiden voyage. of being part of her maiden voyage. Well, actually her christening voyage, Well, actually her christening voyage, Well, actually her christening voyage, which was even before her maiden voyage. which was even before her maiden voyage. which was even before her maiden voyage. So, be sure to check that out next when So, be sure to check that out next when So, be sure to check that out next when you get the chance. Now, then there's you get the chance. Now, then there's you get the chance. Now, then there's the Disney Adventure. Now, the Adventure the Disney Adventure. Now, the Adventure the Disney Adventure. Now, the Adventure is part of her own fleet and is going to is part of her own fleet and is going to is part of her own fleet and is going to reshape Disney Cruise Line as we know it reshape Disney Cruise Line as we know it reshape Disney Cruise Line as we know it once she finally sets sail on her maiden once she finally sets sail on her maiden once she finally sets sail on her maiden voyage out of Singapore on March 10th. voyage out of Singapore on March 10th. voyage out of Singapore on March 10th. Originally, the Adventures Maiden voyage Originally, the Adventures Maiden voyage Originally, the Adventures Maiden voyage was scheduled for December 15th, but in was scheduled for December 15th, but in was scheduled for December 15th, but in September, Disney Cruise Line announced September, Disney Cruise Line announced September, Disney Cruise Line announced there had been unexpected delays in the there had been unexpected delays in the there had been unexpected delays in the ship building process, which drastically ship building process, which drastically ship building process, which drastically pushed back that initial launch date. pushed back that initial launch date. pushed back that initial launch date. Disney did automatically refund any Disney did automatically refund any Disney did automatically refund any payments made for the cruises that had payments made for the cruises that had payments made for the cruises that had to be cancelled. So, hopefully those who to be cancelled. So, hopefully those who to be cancelled. So, hopefully those who were refunded will be able to reschedule were refunded will be able to reschedule were refunded will be able to reschedule their stateateroom on board this new their stateateroom on board this new their stateateroom on board this new ship for Take Two. This is the first ship for Take Two. This is the first ship for Take Two. This is the first ever Disney cruise ship that'll have a ever Disney cruise ship that'll have a ever Disney cruise ship that'll have a home port in Singapore. Not to mention, home port in Singapore. Not to mention, home port in Singapore. Not to mention, it'll also be the first Disney cruise it'll also be the first Disney cruise it'll also be the first Disney cruise ship to sail throughout Southeast Asia ship to sail throughout Southeast Asia ship to sail throughout Southeast Asia in general. Now, this is the ship that in general. Now, this is the ship that in general. Now, this is the ship that Disney bought kind of halfbuilt already. Disney bought kind of halfbuilt already. Disney bought kind of halfbuilt already. So, it's not going to look or feel like So, it's not going to look or feel like So, it's not going to look or feel like any of the other Disney cruise ships any of the other Disney cruise ships any of the other Disney cruise ships that currently exist like the magic and that currently exist like the magic and that currently exist like the magic and wonder class and the dream and fantasy wonder class and the dream and fantasy wonder class and the dream and fantasy class and the wish class which has the class and the wish class which has the class and the wish class which has the wish, the treasure, the destiny. wish, the treasure, the destiny. wish, the treasure, the destiny. Adventure is going to be a completely Adventure is going to be a completely Adventure is going to be a completely different situation. It's going to be different situation. It's going to be different situation. It's going to be one of those ships with like a big like one of those ships with like a big like one of those ships with like a big like central park in the middle and there's central park in the middle and there's central park in the middle and there's going to be rooms that look out into the going to be rooms that look out into the going to be rooms that look out into the middle of the ship versus out into the middle of the ship versus out into the middle of the ship versus out into the ocean. So, it's going to be a completely ocean. So, it's going to be a completely ocean. So, it's going to be a completely different vibe. Okay, I said that three different vibe. Okay, I said that three different vibe. Okay, I said that three times. You don't need me to say it times. You don't need me to say it times. You don't need me to say it again. Okay. The adventure is going to again. Okay. The adventure is going to again. Okay. The adventure is going to primarily offer three and four night primarily offer three and four night primarily offer three and four night voyages. And on those, expect to find voyages. And on those, expect to find voyages. And on those, expect to find super unique ship features like that super unique ship features like that super unique ship features like that imagination garden I was talking about, imagination garden I was talking about, imagination garden I was talking about, that main atrium space. That's the what that main atrium space. That's the what that main atrium space. That's the what I just referred to as the Central Park, I just referred to as the Central Park, I just referred to as the Central Park, which I think is a Royal Caribbean which I think is a Royal Caribbean which I think is a Royal Caribbean thing. Sorry. Uh, a town square area thing. Sorry. Uh, a town square area thing. Sorry. Uh, a town square area themed as fantastical forest where themed as fantastical forest where themed as fantastical forest where passengers are going to find shops and passengers are going to find shops and passengers are going to find shops and lounges and cafes and restaurants and lounges and cafes and restaurants and lounges and cafes and restaurants and entertainment venues. This area is going entertainment venues. This area is going entertainment venues. This area is going to draw inspiration from Tangled and to draw inspiration from Tangled and to draw inspiration from Tangled and Cinderella, Frozen, Snow White, The Cinderella, Frozen, Snow White, The Cinderella, Frozen, Snow White, The Princess and the Frog, and more Princess Princess and the Frog, and more Princess Princess and the Frog, and more Princess Stuff. New rotational dining room Stuff. New rotational dining room Stuff. New rotational dining room concepts unique to the adventure. Guests concepts unique to the adventure. Guests concepts unique to the adventure. Guests are going to be seated in one of two are going to be seated in one of two are going to be seated in one of two dining rooms for each rotational dinner. dining rooms for each rotational dinner. dining rooms for each rotational dinner. So, expect to find Navigator's Club and So, expect to find Navigator's Club and So, expect to find Navigator's Club and Hollywood Spotlight Club and then Hollywood Spotlight Club and then Hollywood Spotlight Club and then Enchanted Summer Restaurant, Pixar Enchanted Summer Restaurant, Pixar Enchanted Summer Restaurant, Pixar Market Restaurant, and Animators Market Restaurant, and Animators Market Restaurant, and Animators Pallet/animator's Table. Premium dining Pallet/animator's Table. Premium dining Pallet/animator's Table. Premium dining options will also be available, options will also be available, options will also be available, including the new Mike and Sully's including the new Mike and Sully's including the new Mike and Sully's Flavors of Asia. So, kind of like a Flavors of Asia. So, kind of like a Flavors of Asia. So, kind of like a Harry Houses, I guess. Maybe we'll see Harry Houses, I guess. Maybe we'll see Harry Houses, I guess. Maybe we'll see what they might be doing for us over in what they might be doing for us over in what they might be doing for us over in Monstropolis in Disney World. There's a Monstropolis in Disney World. There's a Monstropolis in Disney World. There's a new variety show called Remember, which new variety show called Remember, which new variety show called Remember, which will feature characters from movies like will feature characters from movies like will feature characters from movies like Coco and The Little Mermaid and Aladdin Coco and The Little Mermaid and Aladdin Coco and The Little Mermaid and Aladdin and other classic Disney and Pixar and other classic Disney and Pixar and other classic Disney and Pixar movies who'll all take you through an movies who'll all take you through an movies who'll all take you through an unexpected reboot of Eve so Wall-E can unexpected reboot of Eve so Wall-E can unexpected reboot of Eve so Wall-E can restore her memories. This is going to restore her memories. This is going to restore her memories. This is going to be Wall-E and Eve's first time ever seen be Wall-E and Eve's first time ever seen be Wall-E and Eve's first time ever seen on a show stage in the whole world. So, on a show stage in the whole world. So, on a show stage in the whole world. So, pretty big deal. Continuing on, there'll pretty big deal. Continuing on, there'll pretty big deal. Continuing on, there'll be a street market called San Francisco be a street market called San Francisco be a street market called San Francisco Street, inspired by Big Hero 6, where Street, inspired by Big Hero 6, where Street, inspired by Big Hero 6, where you and your fam can find lots of you and your fam can find lots of you and your fam can find lots of entertainment and games and activities entertainment and games and activities entertainment and games and activities and shops and cinemas and more. Plus, and shops and cinemas and more. Plus, and shops and cinemas and more. Plus, you'll get to meet Baymax here. And you'll get to meet Baymax here. And you'll get to meet Baymax here. And Marvel Landing is going to give you the Marvel Landing is going to give you the Marvel Landing is going to give you the chance to meet your favorite Marvel chance to meet your favorite Marvel chance to meet your favorite Marvel heroes and experience different heroes and experience different heroes and experience different attractions at sea. Yep, we're talking attractions at sea. Yep, we're talking attractions at sea. Yep, we're talking honest to goodness rides here. Not just honest to goodness rides here. Not just honest to goodness rides here. Not just water rides, not just like a cool like water rides, not just like a cool like water rides, not just like a cool like water slide, like flat rides and a water slide, like flat rides and a water slide, like flat rides and a coaster, too. This area will have three coaster, too. This area will have three coaster, too. This area will have three different attractions. Iron Cycle Test different attractions. Iron Cycle Test different attractions. Iron Cycle Test Run will be the first ever roller Run will be the first ever roller Run will be the first ever roller coaster aboard a Disney Cruise Line coaster aboard a Disney Cruise Line coaster aboard a Disney Cruise Line ship. And the longest coaster at sea at ship. And the longest coaster at sea at ship. And the longest coaster at sea at a speedy go-kart attraction inspired by a speedy go-kart attraction inspired by a speedy go-kart attraction inspired by Ant-Man and the Wasp in their use of Pim Ant-Man and the Wasp in their use of Pim Ant-Man and the Wasp in their use of Pim particles. And Groot Galaxy Spin is a particles. And Groot Galaxy Spin is a particles. And Groot Galaxy Spin is a family-friendly spinning ride that family-friendly spinning ride that family-friendly spinning ride that hoists riders in the air while fueled by hoists riders in the air while fueled by hoists riders in the air while fueled by the music from the Guardians of the the music from the Guardians of the the music from the Guardians of the Galaxy films. Now, this is going to be Galaxy films. Now, this is going to be Galaxy films. Now, this is going to be interesting because we are already on a interesting because we are already on a interesting because we are already on a ship where a lot of people get seasick ship where a lot of people get seasick ship where a lot of people get seasick and we're on a spinning ride, too. So, and we're on a spinning ride, too. So, and we're on a spinning ride, too. So, we'll keep you updated on that. But, we'll keep you updated on that. But, we'll keep you updated on that. But, there is so much more I could tell you there is so much more I could tell you there is so much more I could tell you about the up andcoming Disney adventure, about the up andcoming Disney adventure, about the up andcoming Disney adventure, and I'm going to sum it up this way. and I'm going to sum it up this way. and I'm going to sum it up this way. This is definitely Disney's most This is definitely Disney's most This is definitely Disney's most ambitious cruise ship to date, and we ambitious cruise ship to date, and we ambitious cruise ship to date, and we can't wait to see how it measures up can't wait to see how it measures up can't wait to see how it measures up against its older siblings. But, just a against its older siblings. But, just a against its older siblings. But, just a little warning for y'all. While the little warning for y'all. While the little warning for y'all. While the Disney Adventures home port is in Disney Adventures home port is in Disney Adventures home port is in Singapore, this ship will not have any Singapore, this ship will not have any Singapore, this ship will not have any ports of call on its itineraries. Again, ports of call on its itineraries. Again, ports of call on its itineraries. Again, noted this before. You will be out on noted this before. You will be out on noted this before. You will be out on the sea on the boat sailing along the the sea on the boat sailing along the the sea on the boat sailing along the whole time. Lots to do, but just wanted whole time. Lots to do, but just wanted whole time. Lots to do, but just wanted you all to know that if you're booking you all to know that if you're booking you all to know that if you're booking this cruise to get a good look at this cruise to get a good look at this cruise to get a good look at Southeast Asia, all you're going to Southeast Asia, all you're going to Southeast Asia, all you're going to really see from it from the cruis's really see from it from the cruis's really see from it from the cruis's perspective is a whole lot of water. But perspective is a whole lot of water. But perspective is a whole lot of water. But hey, there are more ships beyond just hey, there are more ships beyond just hey, there are more ships beyond just the nice shiny new ones to choose from. the nice shiny new ones to choose from. the nice shiny new ones to choose from. There's a whole fleet of Disney cruise There's a whole fleet of Disney cruise There's a whole fleet of Disney cruise ships for you to shop around, and each ships for you to shop around, and each ships for you to shop around, and each has a different itinerary for you to has a different itinerary for you to has a different itinerary for you to check out. So, what are the updated check out. So, what are the updated check out. So, what are the updated itineraries for 2026 for the other itineraries for 2026 for the other itineraries for 2026 for the other cruise ships? The OG Disney Magic, who cruise ships? The OG Disney Magic, who cruise ships? The OG Disney Magic, who first set sail in 1998, is going to be first set sail in 1998, is going to be first set sail in 1998, is going to be busy in 2026. Currently, the Magic is busy in 2026. Currently, the Magic is busy in 2026. Currently, the Magic is offering four to seven night Gulf of offering four to seven night Gulf of offering four to seven night Gulf of Mexico sailings from Galveastston, Texas Mexico sailings from Galveastston, Texas Mexico sailings from Galveastston, Texas until April 2026. In summer 2026, she's until April 2026. In summer 2026, she's until April 2026. In summer 2026, she's going to make a major itinerary change going to make a major itinerary change going to make a major itinerary change and start offering Alaskan cruises from and start offering Alaskan cruises from and start offering Alaskan cruises from Vancouver. Then through October 2026, Vancouver. Then through October 2026, Vancouver. Then through October 2026, the Magic will offer three to seven the Magic will offer three to seven the Magic will offer three to seven night Baja and Mexican Riviera sailings. night Baja and Mexican Riviera sailings. night Baja and Mexican Riviera sailings. In November, she'll have a special In November, she'll have a special In November, she'll have a special eastbound Panama Canal cruise, but after eastbound Panama Canal cruise, but after eastbound Panama Canal cruise, but after that, the ship is going to make a full that, the ship is going to make a full that, the ship is going to make a full circle heading back to Galveastston to circle heading back to Galveastston to circle heading back to Galveastston to offer primarily Western Caribbean offer primarily Western Caribbean offer primarily Western Caribbean sailings through April 2027. The magic sailings through April 2027. The magic sailings through April 2027. The magic sister ship, the Wonder, who's usually sister ship, the Wonder, who's usually sister ship, the Wonder, who's usually up there in Alaska, is currently up there in Alaska, is currently up there in Alaska, is currently offering three to 10 night sailings in offering three to 10 night sailings in offering three to 10 night sailings in Australia, New Zealand, and the South Australia, New Zealand, and the South Australia, New Zealand, and the South Pacific, which will continue until Pacific, which will continue until Pacific, which will continue until February 2026. She'll also offer some February 2026. She'll also offer some February 2026. She'll also offer some repositioning cruises for South Pacific repositioning cruises for South Pacific repositioning cruises for South Pacific voyages, visiting destinations like Fiji voyages, visiting destinations like Fiji voyages, visiting destinations like Fiji and Samoa. From March through May 2026, and Samoa. From March through May 2026, and Samoa. From March through May 2026, the Wonder will be based out of San the Wonder will be based out of San the Wonder will be based out of San Diego, offering Pacific Coast and Baja Diego, offering Pacific Coast and Baja Diego, offering Pacific Coast and Baja Peninsula sailings. But the summer of Peninsula sailings. But the summer of Peninsula sailings. But the summer of go to Alaska, followed primarily by 3 to go to Alaska, followed primarily by 3 to go to Alaska, followed primarily by 3 to seven night Baja and Mexican Riviera seven night Baja and Mexican Riviera seven night Baja and Mexican Riviera sailings from October 2026 through April sailings from October 2026 through April sailings from October 2026 through April little bit more chill right now, little bit more chill right now, little bit more chill right now, offering 3 to five night Bahamian offering 3 to five night Bahamian offering 3 to five night Bahamian sailings from Fort Lauderdale, Florida, sailings from Fort Lauderdale, Florida, sailings from Fort Lauderdale, Florida, featuring stops at Disney's Castaway Key featuring stops at Disney's Castaway Key featuring stops at Disney's Castaway Key and Disney's Lookout Key with select and Disney's Lookout Key with select and Disney's Lookout Key with select itineraries stopping at both itineraries stopping at both itineraries stopping at both destinations. This happens till May destinations. This happens till May destinations. This happens till May Destiny is doing right now. But once Destiny is doing right now. But once Destiny is doing right now. But once summer rolls around, the Dream's going summer rolls around, the Dream's going summer rolls around, the Dream's going to offer European cruises, including to offer European cruises, including to offer European cruises, including Greek island and Mediterranean voyages Greek island and Mediterranean voyages Greek island and Mediterranean voyages and Norwegian and British Isles voyages. and Norwegian and British Isles voyages. and Norwegian and British Isles voyages. She'll return to Fort Lauderdale from a She'll return to Fort Lauderdale from a She'll return to Fort Lauderdale from a westbound transatlantic cruise in westbound transatlantic cruise in westbound transatlantic cruise in September 2026 and start offering three September 2026 and start offering three September 2026 and start offering three to seven night Bahamian and Caribbean to seven night Bahamian and Caribbean to seven night Bahamian and Caribbean voyages through May 2027. The sisterhip voyages through May 2027. The sisterhip voyages through May 2027. The sisterhip to the dream, the Disney Fantasy keeps to the dream, the Disney Fantasy keeps to the dream, the Disney Fantasy keeps things pretty simple next year. From now things pretty simple next year. From now things pretty simple next year. From now until May 2027, the Fantasy's primary until May 2027, the Fantasy's primary until May 2027, the Fantasy's primary offerings will be three to five night offerings will be three to five night offerings will be three to five night Bahamian sailings from Port Canaveral Bahamian sailings from Port Canaveral Bahamian sailings from Port Canaveral with cruises visiting Disney's Castaway with cruises visiting Disney's Castaway with cruises visiting Disney's Castaway Key and or Lookout Key. The Wish is in a Key and or Lookout Key. The Wish is in a Key and or Lookout Key. The Wish is in a similar boat, huh? In 2026, it'll sail similar boat, huh? In 2026, it'll sail similar boat, huh? In 2026, it'll sail out of Port Canaveral, offering three out of Port Canaveral, offering three out of Port Canaveral, offering three and four night Bahamian cruises, which and four night Bahamian cruises, which and four night Bahamian cruises, which include stops at Disney Cruise Lines, include stops at Disney Cruise Lines, include stops at Disney Cruise Lines, Castaway, and or Lookout. And the Castaway, and or Lookout. And the Castaway, and or Lookout. And the treasure is still in her inaugural treasure is still in her inaugural treasure is still in her inaugural season, so she's offering those seven season, so she's offering those seven season, so she's offering those seven night sailings to the Eastern and night sailings to the Eastern and night sailings to the Eastern and Western Caribbean from Port Canaveral, Western Caribbean from Port Canaveral, Western Caribbean from Port Canaveral, including stops at Disney's Castaway including stops at Disney's Castaway including stops at Disney's Castaway Key. This itinerary continues through at Key. This itinerary continues through at Key. This itinerary continues through at least spring 2027. So, rule of thumb, least spring 2027. So, rule of thumb, least spring 2027. So, rule of thumb, the older the ship, the more unique your the older the ship, the more unique your the older the ship, the more unique your sailing itinerary might be in 2026, sailing itinerary might be in 2026, sailing itinerary might be in 2026, minus the adventure, of course. We're minus the adventure, of course. We're minus the adventure, of course. We're going to talk a lot about Disney Cruise going to talk a lot about Disney Cruise going to talk a lot about Disney Cruise Line offerings as a whole for the rest Line offerings as a whole for the rest Line offerings as a whole for the rest of today's video. But if you're looking of today's video. But if you're looking of today's video. But if you're looking into specific details that make each into specific details that make each into specific details that make each ship stand out, go ahead and download ship stand out, go ahead and download ship stand out, go ahead and download our free Disney Cruise Ultimate Guide our free Disney Cruise Ultimate Guide our free Disney Cruise Ultimate Guide today by scanning the QR code you see on today by scanning the QR code you see on today by scanning the QR code you see on the screen or clicking the link in the the screen or clicking the link in the the screen or clicking the for description for description for Disneyfoodblog.com/cruise Disneyfoodblog.com/cruise Disneyfoodblog.com/cruise planning. After this, we're going to go planning. After this, we're going to go planning. After this, we're going to go into detail on each of the ships and into detail on each of the ships and into detail on each of the ships and help you understand which one might suit help you understand which one might suit help you understand which one might suit your family the best cuz they are your family the best cuz they are your family the best cuz they are different sizes and you do get different different sizes and you do get different different sizes and you do get different pros and cons from all of them. So, no pros and cons from all of them. So, no pros and cons from all of them. So, no matter the Disney cruise ship you matter the Disney cruise ship you matter the Disney cruise ship you choose, you're going to be able to take choose, you're going to be able to take choose, you're going to be able to take part in a bunch of all-inclusive stuff, part in a bunch of all-inclusive stuff, part in a bunch of all-inclusive stuff, right? Each of the Disney ships has right? Each of the Disney ships has right? Each of the Disney ships has pools and hot tubs, splash pads, water pools and hot tubs, splash pads, water pools and hot tubs, splash pads, water slides, water coasters, Broadway style slides, water coasters, Broadway style slides, water coasters, Broadway style theater shows and variety shows, theater shows and variety shows, theater shows and variety shows, theaters with brand new Disney movie theaters with brand new Disney movie theaters with brand new Disney movie screenings like firstr run stuff, screenings like firstr run stuff, screenings like firstr run stuff, entertaining rotational dining entertaining rotational dining entertaining rotational dining experiences, all those deck parties and experiences, all those deck parties and experiences, all those deck parties and character meet and greets, pirate nights character meet and greets, pirate nights character meet and greets, pirate nights that end in a big fireworks finale, and that end in a big fireworks finale, and that end in a big fireworks finale, and a variety of other onboard entertainment a variety of other onboard entertainment a variety of other onboard entertainment offerings that you're going to find offerings that you're going to find offerings that you're going to find listed on your daily itineraries like listed on your daily itineraries like listed on your daily itineraries like trivia, arts, crafts, maybe even animal trivia, arts, crafts, maybe even animal trivia, arts, crafts, maybe even animal towel folding seminars which are towel folding seminars which are towel folding seminars which are phenomenal. Then there are the premium phenomenal. Then there are the premium phenomenal. Then there are the premium activities on board each ship which are activities on board each ship which are activities on board each ship which are also fun but are also going to cost you also fun but are also going to cost you also fun but are also going to cost you extra. This includes things like adults extra. This includes things like adults extra. This includes things like adults exclusive dining, beverage tasting exclusive dining, beverage tasting exclusive dining, beverage tasting seminars, bibbidity bobby boutique and seminars, bibbidity bobby boutique and seminars, bibbidity bobby boutique and pirates league salons and spas and all pirates league salons and spas and all pirates league salons and spas and all sorts of port adventures which will help sorts of port adventures which will help sorts of port adventures which will help spice up your time spent at your port of spice up your time spent at your port of spice up your time spent at your port of call with additional tours and equipment call with additional tours and equipment call with additional tours and equipment or luxurious additions. Again, every or luxurious additions. Again, every or luxurious additions. Again, every ship has its own entertainment offerings ship has its own entertainment offerings ship has its own entertainment offerings that you can take advantage of, even that you can take advantage of, even that you can take advantage of, even beyond what I've listed out for you beyond what I've listed out for you beyond what I've listed out for you today. So, you're going to want to look today. So, you're going to want to look today. So, you're going to want to look into your ship's specific activities and into your ship's specific activities and into your ship's specific activities and additions to see what specialty additions to see what specialty additions to see what specialty experiences you might be able to squeeze experiences you might be able to squeeze experiences you might be able to squeeze into your schedule during your time at into your schedule during your time at into your schedule during your time at sea. Now, don't forget, we've got tons sea. Now, don't forget, we've got tons sea. Now, don't forget, we've got tons of Disney Cruise Line videos with lots of Disney Cruise Line videos with lots of Disney Cruise Line videos with lots of tips and tricks and secrets because of tips and tricks and secrets because of tips and tricks and secrets because we've been on all the ships and we've we've been on all the ships and we've we've been on all the ships and we've sailed on them multiple times. So, do sailed on them multiple times. So, do sailed on them multiple times. So, do check out our Disney Cruise Line check out our Disney Cruise Line check out our Disney Cruise Line playlist, too, cuz of course I can't fit playlist, too, cuz of course I can't fit playlist, too, cuz of course I can't fit everything into this video. So, if you everything into this video. So, if you everything into this video. So, if you are cruising or choosing when to cruise are cruising or choosing when to cruise are cruising or choosing when to cruise or what ship to cruise on, go check out or what ship to cruise on, go check out or what ship to cruise on, go check out the playlist as well. I know I'm just the playlist as well. I know I'm just the playlist as well. I know I'm just giving you extra stuff to do, but I giving you extra stuff to do, but I giving you extra stuff to do, but I promise you those are really good videos promise you those are really good videos promise you those are really good videos and they're going to be really, really and they're going to be really, really and they're going to be really, really helpful and valuable as you're planning helpful and valuable as you're planning helpful and valuable as you're planning your trip. I mentioned that Disney's your trip. I mentioned that Disney's your trip. I mentioned that Disney's Castaway Key and Lookout Key at Castaway Key and Lookout Key at Castaway Key and Lookout Key at Lighthouse Point are both regular parts Lighthouse Point are both regular parts Lighthouse Point are both regular parts of the 2026 DCL itinerary, but there is of the 2026 DCL itinerary, but there is of the 2026 DCL itinerary, but there is a reason why you should prioritize one a reason why you should prioritize one a reason why you should prioritize one island destination over the other. What island destination over the other. What island destination over the other. What are the main differences between the two are the main differences between the two are the main differences between the two anyways? Well, let's get into it. Yep. anyways? Well, let's get into it. Yep. anyways? Well, let's get into it. Yep. Castaway and Lookout are both owned by Castaway and Lookout are both owned by Castaway and Lookout are both owned by Disney and they're both located in the Disney and they're both located in the Disney and they're both located in the Bahamas and they both offer similar Bahamas and they both offer similar Bahamas and they both offer similar activities including private beaches and activities including private beaches and activities including private beaches and character meet and greets and character meet and greets and character meet and greets and all-inclusive quick services and premium all-inclusive quick services and premium all-inclusive quick services and premium excursions and adults and kids and teens excursions and adults and kids and teens excursions and adults and kids and teens specific areas. But the main difference specific areas. But the main difference specific areas. But the main difference between the two starts with this between the two starts with this between the two starts with this Castaway Key is an island fully owned by Castaway Key is an island fully owned by Castaway Key is an island fully owned by Disney while Lookout Key is just a Disney while Lookout Key is just a Disney while Lookout Key is just a section of property that Disney owns and section of property that Disney owns and section of property that Disney owns and a Luther Island. So, the moment you step a Luther Island. So, the moment you step a Luther Island. So, the moment you step outside the Disney bubble of Lookout outside the Disney bubble of Lookout outside the Disney bubble of Lookout Key, you'll be away from the Key, you'll be away from the Key, you'll be away from the all-inclusive stuff. Not a bad thing, all-inclusive stuff. Not a bad thing, all-inclusive stuff. Not a bad thing, just something to keep in mind. When it just something to keep in mind. When it just something to keep in mind. When it comes to getting from place to place, comes to getting from place to place, comes to getting from place to place, Castaway seems to be easier to traverse Castaway seems to be easier to traverse Castaway seems to be easier to traverse just because it's more compact overall. just because it's more compact overall. just because it's more compact overall. Beaches, activities, snack stands, quick Beaches, activities, snack stands, quick Beaches, activities, snack stands, quick services, shops, tram stops, all services, shops, tram stops, all services, shops, tram stops, all relatively close together. Meanwhile, relatively close together. Meanwhile, relatively close together. Meanwhile, Lookout Key is more spread out, and that Lookout Key is more spread out, and that Lookout Key is more spread out, and that becomes obvious from the moment you step becomes obvious from the moment you step becomes obvious from the moment you step off the ship and onto that dock. Before off the ship and onto that dock. Before off the ship and onto that dock. Before you reach the island destination, you've you reach the island destination, you've you reach the island destination, you've got to walk along a long pier and then got to walk along a long pier and then got to walk along a long pier and then take a tram or stroll the rest of the take a tram or stroll the rest of the take a tram or stroll the rest of the way to the main beaches. Then there's way to the main beaches. Then there's way to the main beaches. Then there's the overall vibe and theme for these the overall vibe and theme for these the overall vibe and theme for these island destinations. Since Castaway is island destinations. Since Castaway is island destinations. Since Castaway is Disney's island, expect a lot more Disney's island, expect a lot more Disney's island, expect a lot more Disney specific theming and whimsy and Disney specific theming and whimsy and Disney specific theming and whimsy and storytelling. Meanwhile, Lookout Key storytelling. Meanwhile, Lookout Key storytelling. Meanwhile, Lookout Key makes it a point to keep things as makes it a point to keep things as makes it a point to keep things as authentic to Bahamian culture as authentic to Bahamian culture as authentic to Bahamian culture as possible while still adding Disney possible while still adding Disney possible while still adding Disney flourishes here and there. Expect to flourishes here and there. Expect to flourishes here and there. Expect to find local Bahamian architecture, art, find local Bahamian architecture, art, find local Bahamian architecture, art, storytelling, and design work inspired storytelling, and design work inspired storytelling, and design work inspired by real Bahamian heritage and nature. If by real Bahamian heritage and nature. If by real Bahamian heritage and nature. If your cruise has an itinerary that double your cruise has an itinerary that double your cruise has an itinerary that double dips into both of these islands, dips into both of these islands, dips into both of these islands, perfect. You don't have to choose one or perfect. You don't have to choose one or perfect. You don't have to choose one or the other. But in general, if you want a the other. But in general, if you want a the other. But in general, if you want a more compact island experience with more more compact island experience with more more compact island experience with more Disney influences, you're going to want Disney influences, you're going to want Disney influences, you're going to want to choose Castaway. And if you want a to choose Castaway. And if you want a to choose Castaway. And if you want a more authentic Bahamian experience in a more authentic Bahamian experience in a more authentic Bahamian experience in a newer island destination setting, then newer island destination setting, then newer island destination setting, then choose Lookout. Just be prepared for choose Lookout. Just be prepared for choose Lookout. Just be prepared for that forever long pier. It is serious. that forever long pier. It is serious. that forever long pier. It is serious. Sure, no two Disney cruise sailings are Sure, no two Disney cruise sailings are Sure, no two Disney cruise sailings are alike, but you can really guarantee that alike, but you can really guarantee that alike, but you can really guarantee that by booking one of the specialty cruises. by booking one of the specialty cruises. by booking one of the specialty cruises. There are two main seasonal sailings you There are two main seasonal sailings you There are two main seasonal sailings you can potentially book. The first is can potentially book. The first is can potentially book. The first is Halloween on the High Seas, which Halloween on the High Seas, which Halloween on the High Seas, which happens from late September and up to happens from late September and up to happens from late September and up to Halloween. Each ship has their own Halloween. Each ship has their own Halloween. Each ship has their own unique pumpkin tree that they put up unique pumpkin tree that they put up unique pumpkin tree that they put up during this event, setting the whimsical during this event, setting the whimsical during this event, setting the whimsical scene and story for the adventures to scene and story for the adventures to scene and story for the adventures to come. Special festive experiences come. Special festive experiences come. Special festive experiences include the Mickey's Masquerade deck include the Mickey's Masquerade deck include the Mickey's Masquerade deck party, character Halloween meet and party, character Halloween meet and party, character Halloween meet and greets, trick-or-treating, not so spooky greets, trick-or-treating, not so spooky greets, trick-or-treating, not so spooky crafts, various other Halloween parties, crafts, various other Halloween parties, crafts, various other Halloween parties, limited time food and beverage items, limited time food and beverage items, limited time food and beverage items, adult exclusive venues with villainous adult exclusive venues with villainous adult exclusive venues with villainous takeovers, and Halloween themed movies takeovers, and Halloween themed movies takeovers, and Halloween themed movies that play up on the Funnel Vision that play up on the Funnel Vision that play up on the Funnel Vision screen. The second seasonal sailing is screen. The second seasonal sailing is screen. The second seasonal sailing is the Very Merry Time Cruise. This is the Very Merry Time Cruise. This is the Very Merry Time Cruise. This is going to be available on most Disney going to be available on most Disney going to be available on most Disney cruise itineraries throughout November cruise itineraries throughout November cruise itineraries throughout November and December. Again, the trees are back and December. Again, the trees are back and December. Again, the trees are back to set the mood. Each ship is adorned to set the mood. Each ship is adorned to set the mood. Each ship is adorned with three deck tall Christmas trees, with three deck tall Christmas trees, with three deck tall Christmas trees, which you can watch glisten following which you can watch glisten following which you can watch glisten following the tree lighting ceremony. You can also the tree lighting ceremony. You can also the tree lighting ceremony. You can also oo and awe over the fragrant larger oo and awe over the fragrant larger oo and awe over the fragrant larger than-l life gingerbread houses. Special than-l life gingerbread houses. Special than-l life gingerbread houses. Special festive experiences beyond the decor can festive experiences beyond the decor can festive experiences beyond the decor can include festive character and Santa include festive character and Santa include festive character and Santa encounters. Mickey and Minnie's holiday encounters. Mickey and Minnie's holiday encounters. Mickey and Minnie's holiday deck party, special themed activities deck party, special themed activities deck party, special themed activities and crafts for kids, lots of holiday and crafts for kids, lots of holiday and crafts for kids, lots of holiday merchandise, and more holiday fun that merchandise, and more holiday fun that merchandise, and more holiday fun that extends from the ship itself to Disney's extends from the ship itself to Disney's extends from the ship itself to Disney's private island, Castaway Key. If you private island, Castaway Key. If you private island, Castaway Key. If you cruise on one of the ships during a cruise on one of the ships during a cruise on one of the ships during a holiday like Fourth of July or holiday like Fourth of July or holiday like Fourth of July or Thanksgiving and New Year's Eve, you Thanksgiving and New Year's Eve, you Thanksgiving and New Year's Eve, you might also get to experience a few might also get to experience a few might also get to experience a few specialty offerings, too, like an specialty offerings, too, like an specialty offerings, too, like an exclusive fireworks display and or exclusive fireworks display and or exclusive fireworks display and or limited time menus and snacks. Then limited time menus and snacks. Then limited time menus and snacks. Then there are the special themed sailings there are the special themed sailings there are the special themed sailings that aren't holiday related, though they that aren't holiday related, though they that aren't holiday related, though they feel like a DCL specific holiday if feel like a DCL specific holiday if feel like a DCL specific holiday if you're able to experience one. Marvel you're able to experience one. Marvel you're able to experience one. Marvel Day at Sea will be taking place in 2026 Day at Sea will be taking place in 2026 Day at Sea will be taking place in 2026 on select four and five night Disney on select four and five night Disney on select four and five night Disney Magic cruises from Galveastston, Texas Magic cruises from Galveastston, Texas Magic cruises from Galveastston, Texas to the Western Caribbean, starting mid to the Western Caribbean, starting mid to the Western Caribbean, starting mid January and happening through early January and happening through early January and happening through early March. During this time, expect meet and March. During this time, expect meet and March. During this time, expect meet and greet opportunities with lots of heroes greet opportunities with lots of heroes greet opportunities with lots of heroes straight out of the MCU. The Marvel straight out of the MCU. The Marvel straight out of the MCU. The Marvel Heroes Unite signature nighttime Heroes Unite signature nighttime Heroes Unite signature nighttime spectacular. The Star Spangled USO show spectacular. The Star Spangled USO show spectacular. The Star Spangled USO show at the adults only Fathoms Dance Club, at the adults only Fathoms Dance Club, at the adults only Fathoms Dance Club, which is a big band show style tribute which is a big band show style tribute which is a big band show style tribute to none other than Captain America. The to none other than Captain America. The to none other than Captain America. The Mickey and Friends super celebration Mickey and Friends super celebration Mickey and Friends super celebration featuring classic characters dressed up featuring classic characters dressed up featuring classic characters dressed up as their own favorite Marvel heroes. as their own favorite Marvel heroes. as their own favorite Marvel heroes. That is literally the cutest thing ever, That is literally the cutest thing ever, That is literally the cutest thing ever, by the way. I just absolutely love that by the way. I just absolutely love that by the way. I just absolutely love that night and seeing all of those characters night and seeing all of those characters night and seeing all of those characters dressed up like Marvel heroes. It's so dressed up like Marvel heroes. It's so dressed up like Marvel heroes. It's so cute. All right, Warriors of Wakanda. cute. All right, Warriors of Wakanda. cute. All right, Warriors of Wakanda. This is an interactive experience where This is an interactive experience where This is an interactive experience where recruits will get to train with Adora recruits will get to train with Adora recruits will get to train with Adora Melaj from Black Panther and a ton more. Melaj from Black Panther and a ton more. Melaj from Black Panther and a ton more. Finally, on select sailings from mid Finally, on select sailings from mid Finally, on select sailings from mid January 2026 to early March 2026 on the January 2026 to early March 2026 on the January 2026 to early March 2026 on the Fantasy, you'll get to experience Pixar Fantasy, you'll get to experience Pixar Fantasy, you'll get to experience Pixar Day at Sea. Everything begins with the Day at Sea. Everything begins with the Day at Sea. Everything begins with the Hey Howdy Breakfast, which is a lively Hey Howdy Breakfast, which is a lively Hey Howdy Breakfast, which is a lively musical morning featuring Woody, Jesse, musical morning featuring Woody, Jesse, musical morning featuring Woody, Jesse, and Pals from Toy Story. The character and Pals from Toy Story. The character and Pals from Toy Story. The character dining offering is included with the dining offering is included with the dining offering is included with the price of your stateroom, but you will price of your stateroom, but you will price of your stateroom, but you will still need to make reservations for it still need to make reservations for it still need to make reservations for it starting 30 days before your cruise sets starting 30 days before your cruise sets starting 30 days before your cruise sets sail. These will go fast. I highly sail. These will go fast. I highly sail. These will go fast. I highly recommend that if you want to do it, recommend that if you want to do it, recommend that if you want to do it, jump on that real fast. When it's time jump on that real fast. When it's time jump on that real fast. When it's time to cool off, Crush's Totally Awesome to cool off, Crush's Totally Awesome to cool off, Crush's Totally Awesome Pool Party takes over the upper decks Pool Party takes over the upper decks Pool Party takes over the upper decks with dancing and games and totally with dancing and games and totally with dancing and games and totally righteous vibes. You can meet several righteous vibes. You can meet several righteous vibes. You can meet several more Pixar friends throughout your day, more Pixar friends throughout your day, more Pixar friends throughout your day, like Miguel from Coco, Joy from Inside like Miguel from Coco, Joy from Inside like Miguel from Coco, Joy from Inside Out, and many other fan favorites. The Out, and many other fan favorites. The Out, and many other fan favorites. The Pixar Pal Celebration is a deck dance Pixar Pal Celebration is a deck dance Pixar Pal Celebration is a deck dance party under the stars where even more party under the stars where even more party under the stars where even more Pixar characters come out to play. Edna Pixar characters come out to play. Edna Pixar characters come out to play. Edna Mode's stylon parade gives you the Mode's stylon parade gives you the Mode's stylon parade gives you the chance to dawn your best Pixar inspired chance to dawn your best Pixar inspired chance to dawn your best Pixar inspired outfit and stretch your stuff on the outfit and stretch your stuff on the outfit and stretch your stuff on the runway for the incredible fashion runway for the incredible fashion runway for the incredible fashion designer Edna Mode to judge you. A designer Edna Mode to judge you. A designer Edna Mode to judge you. A dream, right, to be judged by the Edna dream, right, to be judged by the Edna dream, right, to be judged by the Edna Mode. And for everyone who is ever Mode. And for everyone who is ever Mode. And for everyone who is ever inspired by the little culinary rat in inspired by the little culinary rat in inspired by the little culinary rat in the Hat from Ratatouille, the ship's the Hat from Ratatouille, the ship's the Hat from Ratatouille, the ship's chefs will host a live cooking chefs will host a live cooking chefs will host a live cooking demonstration inspired by none other demonstration inspired by none other demonstration inspired by none other than Remy himself. just to prove anyone than Remy himself. just to prove anyone than Remy himself. just to prove anyone can cook. Want to be a member of can cook. Want to be a member of can cook. Want to be a member of Disney's Castaway Club? All you got to Disney's Castaway Club? All you got to Disney's Castaway Club? All you got to do is sail just once and bam, you're in do is sail just once and bam, you're in do is sail just once and bam, you're in the club. Now, don't you feel special? the club. Now, don't you feel special? the club. Now, don't you feel special? Much like how other cruise line loyalty Much like how other cruise line loyalty Much like how other cruise line loyalty programs work, Disney likes to reward programs work, Disney likes to reward programs work, Disney likes to reward their guests with more benefits the more their guests with more benefits the more their guests with more benefits the more they sail. So, just as soon as you take they sail. So, just as soon as you take they sail. So, just as soon as you take your first cruise, congratulations. your first cruise, congratulations. your first cruise, congratulations. You're automatically part of the You're automatically part of the You're automatically part of the Castaway Club membership. There are four Castaway Club membership. There are four Castaway Club membership. There are four tiers to the Castaway Club. Silver is tiers to the Castaway Club. Silver is tiers to the Castaway Club. Silver is for those who've booked two to five for those who've booked two to five for those who've booked two to five sailings. Gold is 6 to 10 sailings. sailings. Gold is 6 to 10 sailings. sailings. Gold is 6 to 10 sailings. Platinum is 11 to 25. And pearl are Platinum is 11 to 25. And pearl are Platinum is 11 to 25. And pearl are those who've sailed 26 times or more. So those who've sailed 26 times or more. So those who've sailed 26 times or more. So why do these tiers matter? because they why do these tiers matter? because they why do these tiers matter? because they determine how early you can start determine how early you can start determine how early you can start booking different premium cruise booking different premium cruise booking different premium cruise activities like tea parties and beverage activities like tea parties and beverage activities like tea parties and beverage tastings, mixology seminars, adults tastings, mixology seminars, adults tastings, mixology seminars, adults onlyly dining, popular excursions, and onlyly dining, popular excursions, and onlyly dining, popular excursions, and those super coveted cabanas you can rent those super coveted cabanas you can rent those super coveted cabanas you can rent for your days at Castaway or Lookout for your days at Castaway or Lookout for your days at Castaway or Lookout Key. For your first cruise, you're going Key. For your first cruise, you're going Key. For your first cruise, you're going to be able to book activities 75 days to be able to book activities 75 days to be able to book activities 75 days prior to sailing. And for several of prior to sailing. And for several of prior to sailing. And for several of these, that should give you plenty of these, that should give you plenty of these, that should give you plenty of time to secure those reservations. But time to secure those reservations. But time to secure those reservations. But those who've sailed with Disney before those who've sailed with Disney before those who've sailed with Disney before will get first dibs on extras. Silver will get first dibs on extras. Silver will get first dibs on extras. Silver members can book 90 days out. Gold members can book 90 days out. Gold members can book 90 days out. Gold members can book 105 days out. Platinum members can book 105 days out. Platinum members can book 105 days out. Platinum members can book 120 days out. And Pearl members can book 120 days out. And Pearl members can book 120 days out. And Pearl can book 123 days out. Don't miss out on can book 123 days out. Don't miss out on can book 123 days out. Don't miss out on those three days. Or you can cheat a those three days. Or you can cheat a those three days. Or you can cheat a little and book a concierge level little and book a concierge level little and book a concierge level stateateroom where a concierge cast stateateroom where a concierge cast stateateroom where a concierge cast member will book any of those activities member will book any of those activities member will book any of those activities for you 130 days out starting at for you 130 days out starting at for you 130 days out starting at midnight. And guess what? that those midnight. And guess what? that those midnight. And guess what? that those cabanas still sell out by day one. So, cabanas still sell out by day one. So, cabanas still sell out by day one. So, just an FYI on that. So, what's your sea just an FYI on that. So, what's your sea just an FYI on that. So, what's your sea home away from home really going to look home away from home really going to look home away from home really going to look like? You got a few different options. like? You got a few different options. like? You got a few different options. The inside stateaterooms on the ships The inside stateaterooms on the ships The inside stateaterooms on the ships are the least expensive stateaterooms are the least expensive stateaterooms are the least expensive stateaterooms since they won't give you a look out at since they won't give you a look out at since they won't give you a look out at the sea. The ocean view stateaterooms the sea. The ocean view stateaterooms the sea. The ocean view stateaterooms are tight quarters, a lot like the are tight quarters, a lot like the are tight quarters, a lot like the inside rooms, but unlike the inside inside rooms, but unlike the inside inside rooms, but unlike the inside rooms, you'll get a little portal window rooms, you'll get a little portal window rooms, you'll get a little portal window that looks out at the water. Well, it's that looks out at the water. Well, it's that looks out at the water. Well, it's a big portal window. It's not like, you a big portal window. It's not like, you a big portal window. It's not like, you know, teeny tiny like 12 in across. It's know, teeny tiny like 12 in across. It's know, teeny tiny like 12 in across. It's pretty big. Both the inside and ocean pretty big. Both the inside and ocean pretty big. Both the inside and ocean view stateooms can sleep two to four view stateooms can sleep two to four view stateooms can sleep two to four guests, though you might really be guests, though you might really be guests, though you might really be pushing it with four, especially if your pushing it with four, especially if your pushing it with four, especially if your group's made up of four adults. The group's made up of four adults. The group's made up of four adults. The ocean view with a veranda gives you a ocean view with a veranda gives you a ocean view with a veranda gives you a little more space, which will be good if little more space, which will be good if little more space, which will be good if you've got three to five members in your you've got three to five members in your you've got three to five members in your group. The private outdoor veranda group. The private outdoor veranda group. The private outdoor veranda really does wonders if you need a little really does wonders if you need a little really does wonders if you need a little extra wiggle room. and the concierge extra wiggle room. and the concierge extra wiggle room. and the concierge stateaterooms are your most expensive stateaterooms are your most expensive stateaterooms are your most expensive and biggest options, but these will give and biggest options, but these will give and biggest options, but these will give you space to fit up to five to seven you space to fit up to five to seven you space to fit up to five to seven guests. Staying concierge will also guests. Staying concierge will also guests. Staying concierge will also provide you with the concierge services, provide you with the concierge services, provide you with the concierge services, including early booking times for including early booking times for including early booking times for excursions and private lounge access. excursions and private lounge access. excursions and private lounge access. Like I mentioned before, if you're Like I mentioned before, if you're Like I mentioned before, if you're wanting concierge benefits, but you wanting concierge benefits, but you wanting concierge benefits, but you don't want to pay sweet prices, each don't want to pay sweet prices, each don't want to pay sweet prices, each ship also has a few concierge family ship also has a few concierge family ship also has a few concierge family ocean view stateooms available, too. ocean view stateooms available, too. ocean view stateooms available, too. still really expensive because those still really expensive because those still really expensive because those concierge extras definitely add on to concierge extras definitely add on to concierge extras definitely add on to the cost. The earlier you book a the cost. The earlier you book a the cost. The earlier you book a stateateroom, the more likely you're stateateroom, the more likely you're stateateroom, the more likely you're going to be able to select the specific going to be able to select the specific going to be able to select the specific stateateroom you want without having to stateateroom you want without having to stateateroom you want without having to choose from whatever's left over. So, be choose from whatever's left over. So, be choose from whatever's left over. So, be proactive and start looking into those proactive and start looking into those proactive and start looking into those stateateroom reservations, even when stateateroom reservations, even when stateateroom reservations, even when you're still a year out from when the you're still a year out from when the you're still a year out from when the cruise you're thinking about going on is cruise you're thinking about going on is cruise you're thinking about going on is scheduled to set sail. The great thing scheduled to set sail. The great thing scheduled to set sail. The great thing about stateateroom shopping is that about stateateroom shopping is that about stateateroom shopping is that you've got a lot of freedom to choose you've got a lot of freedom to choose you've got a lot of freedom to choose the type of room you want to stay in, the type of room you want to stay in, the type of room you want to stay in, unless you choose a guaranteed unless you choose a guaranteed unless you choose a guaranteed stateateroom. These rooms are cheaper in stateateroom. These rooms are cheaper in stateateroom. These rooms are cheaper in cost, and you'll still be able to choose cost, and you'll still be able to choose cost, and you'll still be able to choose the stateateroom category you want to be the stateateroom category you want to be the stateateroom category you want to be in. But these guaranteed rooms give in. But these guaranteed rooms give in. But these guaranteed rooms give Disney the freedom to choose where your Disney the freedom to choose where your Disney the freedom to choose where your room is going to be located instead of room is going to be located instead of room is going to be located instead of you getting the option to take those you getting the option to take those you getting the option to take those matters into your own hands. Now, why is matters into your own hands. Now, why is matters into your own hands. Now, why is that important? Because your that important? Because your that important? Because your stateateroom selection can make a lot of stateateroom selection can make a lot of stateateroom selection can make a lot of difference during your stay. For difference during your stay. For difference during your stay. For example, do you want your room to be on example, do you want your room to be on example, do you want your room to be on a specific deck? For example, do you a specific deck? For example, do you a specific deck? For example, do you want to be forward or aft on the ship? want to be forward or aft on the ship? want to be forward or aft on the ship? If you're afraid of potential If you're afraid of potential If you're afraid of potential seasickness, it's a good idea to choose seasickness, it's a good idea to choose seasickness, it's a good idea to choose a midship stateoom when you're booking a midship stateoom when you're booking a midship stateoom when you're booking your cruise instead of one more towards your cruise instead of one more towards your cruise instead of one more towards forward or aft, specifically forward, forward or aft, specifically forward, forward or aft, specifically forward, since midship rooms don't feel all that since midship rooms don't feel all that since midship rooms don't feel all that rocking and wave rolling quite like the rocking and wave rolling quite like the rocking and wave rolling quite like the rooms that are situated more towards the rooms that are situated more towards the rooms that are situated more towards the front and back of the ships, especially front and back of the ships, especially front and back of the ships, especially the front. Also, maybe you want to be the front. Also, maybe you want to be the front. Also, maybe you want to be close to elevators or really far away close to elevators or really far away close to elevators or really far away from them. Sure, being near the from them. Sure, being near the from them. Sure, being near the elevators can seem convenient, but that elevators can seem convenient, but that elevators can seem convenient, but that also means you're going to have a whole also means you're going to have a whole also means you're going to have a whole lot of foot traffic close to your lot of foot traffic close to your lot of foot traffic close to your stateateroom at all hours of the day, stateateroom at all hours of the day, stateateroom at all hours of the day, which might make you feel uncomfortable. which might make you feel uncomfortable. which might make you feel uncomfortable. Lots of stateooms have different Lots of stateooms have different Lots of stateooms have different configurations, too. So, it's important configurations, too. So, it's important configurations, too. So, it's important to remember that not all stateooms are to remember that not all stateooms are to remember that not all stateooms are built the same. Some might have pull built the same. Some might have pull built the same. Some might have pull down from the wall beds while others down from the wall beds while others down from the wall beds while others stay stationary. Some ocean view rooms stay stationary. Some ocean view rooms stay stationary. Some ocean view rooms will have one big port hole window and will have one big port hole window and will have one big port hole window and some might give you two smaller ones. some might give you two smaller ones. some might give you two smaller ones. Some state rooms have bathtubs, others Some state rooms have bathtubs, others Some state rooms have bathtubs, others might be showers only. Select might be showers only. Select might be showers only. Select stateaterooms are more handicap stateaterooms are more handicap stateaterooms are more handicap accessible and some rooms will provide accessible and some rooms will provide accessible and some rooms will provide you with more square footage depending you with more square footage depending you with more square footage depending on the ship's layout. Here's an example. on the ship's layout. Here's an example. on the ship's layout. Here's an example. If you book a deluxe family ocean view If you book a deluxe family ocean view If you book a deluxe family ocean view stateateroom on the Disney Dream, there stateateroom on the Disney Dream, there stateateroom on the Disney Dream, there are a few rooms toward the front of the are a few rooms toward the front of the are a few rooms toward the front of the ship that have a more spacious split ship that have a more spacious split ship that have a more spacious split floor plan. Room numbers 5018,5020, floor plan. Room numbers 5018,5020, floor plan. Room numbers 5018,5020, And some of the ver stateooms have And some of the ver stateooms have And some of the ver stateooms have bigger outside decks than others. bigger outside decks than others. bigger outside decks than others. According to the Disney website, According to the Disney website, According to the Disney website, typically the apt stateaterooms have the typically the apt stateaterooms have the typically the apt stateaterooms have the bigger verandas, though that's not bigger verandas, though that's not bigger verandas, though that's not always a guarantee. If you've got a always a guarantee. If you've got a always a guarantee. If you've got a bigger group that's going to need bigger group that's going to need bigger group that's going to need multiple rooms, you may want to check multiple rooms, you may want to check multiple rooms, you may want to check and see which stateaterooms have a and see which stateaterooms have a and see which stateaterooms have a connecting door between them so parties connecting door between them so parties connecting door between them so parties can be kept together. Connecting rooms can be kept together. Connecting rooms can be kept together. Connecting rooms with verandas can also pull down the with verandas can also pull down the with verandas can also pull down the divider separating the two balconies to divider separating the two balconies to divider separating the two balconies to create one big balcony for more people create one big balcony for more people create one big balcony for more people to go out and enjoy at a time without to go out and enjoy at a time without to go out and enjoy at a time without feeling all squished. If you want to feeling all squished. If you want to feeling all squished. If you want to look at the ship's deck plans to get a look at the ship's deck plans to get a look at the ship's deck plans to get a better idea of what each stateateroom is better idea of what each stateateroom is better idea of what each stateateroom is like before you book, just head to the like before you book, just head to the like before you book, just head to the Disney Cruise Line website, click on our Disney Cruise Line website, click on our Disney Cruise Line website, click on our ships tab, and scroll down to the deck ships tab, and scroll down to the deck ships tab, and scroll down to the deck plans option. From there, you're going plans option. From there, you're going plans option. From there, you're going to be able to choose a ship you're to be able to choose a ship you're to be able to choose a ship you're interested in, and check out all the interested in, and check out all the interested in, and check out all the specific rooms and details and layouts, specific rooms and details and layouts, specific rooms and details and layouts, even the deck plans, so you can see even the deck plans, so you can see even the deck plans, so you can see which rooms are actually going to which rooms are actually going to which rooms are actually going to connect to each other. Not finding the connect to each other. Not finding the connect to each other. Not finding the stateateroom details you were hoping to stateateroom details you were hoping to stateateroom details you were hoping to find? Well, when you're doing your find? Well, when you're doing your find? Well, when you're doing your online check-in for your cruise, you can online check-in for your cruise, you can online check-in for your cruise, you can add requests as needed. Now, these add requests as needed. Now, these add requests as needed. Now, these requests can't always be fulfilled, but requests can't always be fulfilled, but requests can't always be fulfilled, but if you want to improve your chances, it if you want to improve your chances, it if you want to improve your chances, it might be even better for you to call up might be even better for you to call up might be even better for you to call up Disney Cruise Line directly, talk to a Disney Cruise Line directly, talk to a Disney Cruise Line directly, talk to a real life person. The cast member on the real life person. The cast member on the real life person. The cast member on the phone lines are helpful and awesome, so phone lines are helpful and awesome, so phone lines are helpful and awesome, so they should be able to give you some they should be able to give you some they should be able to give you some sort of stateroom solutions that again sort of stateroom solutions that again sort of stateroom solutions that again might not always 100% fulfill your might not always 100% fulfill your might not always 100% fulfill your original requests, but could at the very original requests, but could at the very original requests, but could at the very least hook you up with a solid plan B. least hook you up with a solid plan B. least hook you up with a solid plan B. Before my first ever Disney cruise, I Before my first ever Disney cruise, I Before my first ever Disney cruise, I remember wanting to research everything remember wanting to research everything remember wanting to research everything I could about what the first day was I could about what the first day was I could about what the first day was going to be like. What was Disney's going to be like. What was Disney's going to be like. What was Disney's boarding procedure like? When would I boarding procedure like? When would I boarding procedure like? When would I learn about all the different onboard learn about all the different onboard learn about all the different onboard activities? Where did I need to go activities? Where did I need to go activities? Where did I need to go first? Was it easy to miss the muster first? Was it easy to miss the muster first? Was it easy to miss the muster drill? And would Disney kick me off the drill? And would Disney kick me off the drill? And would Disney kick me off the ship if I didn't get to it in time? ship if I didn't get to it in time? ship if I didn't get to it in time? Instead of you feeling similar feelings, Instead of you feeling similar feelings, Instead of you feeling similar feelings, I'm going to save you the trouble right I'm going to save you the trouble right I'm going to save you the trouble right now and show you what the embarcation now and show you what the embarcation now and show you what the embarcation process really looks like. Spoiler process really looks like. Spoiler process really looks like. Spoiler alert, you really don't need to be alert, you really don't need to be alert, you really don't need to be overstressing it. Disney makes it all overstressing it. Disney makes it all overstressing it. Disney makes it all pretty painless. When you drive up to pretty painless. When you drive up to pretty painless. When you drive up to your port of call, you can drop off your your port of call, you can drop off your your port of call, you can drop off your luggage with the Disney Cruise Line crew luggage with the Disney Cruise Line crew luggage with the Disney Cruise Line crew before you park. They'll be the folks before you park. They'll be the folks before you park. They'll be the folks dressed in bright red shirts. Usually, dressed in bright red shirts. Usually, dressed in bright red shirts. Usually, these folks are responsible for getting these folks are responsible for getting these folks are responsible for getting your bags where they need to go so that your bags where they need to go so that your bags where they need to go so that your luggage can be delivered to your your luggage can be delivered to your your luggage can be delivered to your room between 2 and 4:00 p.m. If you'd room between 2 and 4:00 p.m. If you'd room between 2 and 4:00 p.m. If you'd rather keep your luggage with you, rather keep your luggage with you, rather keep your luggage with you, you're more than welcome to hold on to you're more than welcome to hold on to you're more than welcome to hold on to it, but you will have to carry it around it, but you will have to carry it around it, but you will have to carry it around until your room is ready, which won't be until your room is ready, which won't be until your room is ready, which won't be until after 1:30 usually. So, if your until after 1:30 usually. So, if your until after 1:30 usually. So, if your boarding time is around 11:00, you might boarding time is around 11:00, you might boarding time is around 11:00, you might be stuck rolling around all your stuff be stuck rolling around all your stuff be stuck rolling around all your stuff for the next couple hours. This is why for the next couple hours. This is why for the next couple hours. This is why I've been a huge fan of the carryons I've been a huge fan of the carryons I've been a huge fan of the carryons only strategy recently. and a lot less only strategy recently. and a lot less only strategy recently. and a lot less to keep up with. If you're driving your to keep up with. If you're driving your to keep up with. If you're driving your own vehicle over to your port of call, own vehicle over to your port of call, own vehicle over to your port of call, be prepared to pay for those extra be prepared to pay for those extra be prepared to pay for those extra parking garage fees. On a 3-day cruise, parking garage fees. On a 3-day cruise, parking garage fees. On a 3-day cruise, this usually costs a little over $70 this usually costs a little over $70 this usually costs a little over $70 total, which you'll pay right before you total, which you'll pay right before you total, which you'll pay right before you park. If you've ever been through park. If you've ever been through park. If you've ever been through airport security before, getting over to airport security before, getting over to airport security before, getting over to the cruise terminal is a lot like that. the cruise terminal is a lot like that. the cruise terminal is a lot like that. Before you enter the ship's terminal, Before you enter the ship's terminal, Before you enter the ship's terminal, you'll be asked to show your passport, you'll be asked to show your passport, you'll be asked to show your passport, so make sure each member of your family so make sure each member of your family so make sure each member of your family has theirs out and ready to go. You'll has theirs out and ready to go. You'll has theirs out and ready to go. You'll also need your passport when you debark also need your passport when you debark also need your passport when you debark at the end of your trip. But I'm getting at the end of your trip. But I'm getting at the end of your trip. But I'm getting ahead of myself. For ports of call like ahead of myself. For ports of call like ahead of myself. For ports of call like Castaway Key and Nassau, you won't need Castaway Key and Nassau, you won't need Castaway Key and Nassau, you won't need to have your passport on hand to get on to have your passport on hand to get on to have your passport on hand to get on and off the ship, but you will still and off the ship, but you will still and off the ship, but you will still need your stateateroom key card, so keep need your stateateroom key card, so keep need your stateateroom key card, so keep that on you at all times. And be sure to that on you at all times. And be sure to that on you at all times. And be sure to check and make sure that a passport check and make sure that a passport check and make sure that a passport isn't necessary. Sometimes things change isn't necessary. Sometimes things change isn't necessary. Sometimes things change when it comes to those particular ports when it comes to those particular ports when it comes to those particular ports of call, and you never know what's of call, and you never know what's of call, and you never know what's critical. So, ask a Disney Cruise Line critical. So, ask a Disney Cruise Line critical. So, ask a Disney Cruise Line crew member the day before you get off crew member the day before you get off crew member the day before you get off the ship at a port of call if you'll the ship at a port of call if you'll the ship at a port of call if you'll need your passport or not. While you're need your passport or not. While you're need your passport or not. While you're waiting in the terminal for your waiting in the terminal for your waiting in the terminal for your boarding group number to be called, go boarding group number to be called, go boarding group number to be called, go ahead and open up your Disney Navigator ahead and open up your Disney Navigator ahead and open up your Disney Navigator app. That's the free Disney Cruise Line app. That's the free Disney Cruise Line app. That's the free Disney Cruise Line app that'll come in handy during the app that'll come in handy during the app that'll come in handy during the duration of your cruise. And you can duration of your cruise. And you can duration of your cruise. And you can connect to the ship's complimentary connect to the ship's complimentary connect to the ship's complimentary Wi-Fi once you're in the terminal. This Wi-Fi once you're in the terminal. This Wi-Fi once you're in the terminal. This is a good time to book any last minute is a good time to book any last minute is a good time to book any last minute extra activities, see what your extra activities, see what your extra activities, see what your rotational dining schedule is going to rotational dining schedule is going to rotational dining schedule is going to look like, and start studying up on all look like, and start studying up on all look like, and start studying up on all the different included offerings that the different included offerings that the different included offerings that you want to do during your cruise. If you want to do during your cruise. If you want to do during your cruise. If you find anything that you want to you find anything that you want to you find anything that you want to remember for later, just tap on the remember for later, just tap on the remember for later, just tap on the little clear heart next to the offering little clear heart next to the offering little clear heart next to the offering so that the app can go ahead and add it so that the app can go ahead and add it so that the app can go ahead and add it to your suggested itinerary. Then during to your suggested itinerary. Then during to your suggested itinerary. Then during your trip, when one of these activities your trip, when one of these activities your trip, when one of these activities is getting ready to take place in the is getting ready to take place in the is getting ready to take place in the next 15 minutes, your app will notify next 15 minutes, your app will notify next 15 minutes, your app will notify you about it if you've turned on you about it if you've turned on you about it if you've turned on notifications. That way, you can start notifications. That way, you can start notifications. That way, you can start making your way over to where that making your way over to where that making your way over to where that activity is going to take place if you activity is going to take place if you activity is going to take place if you haven't done so already. While you're haven't done so already. While you're haven't done so already. While you're familiarizing yourself with the familiarizing yourself with the familiarizing yourself with the Navigator app, make sure to get every Navigator app, make sure to get every Navigator app, make sure to get every member of your family connected, too, so member of your family connected, too, so member of your family connected, too, so that you can text each other via the app that you can text each other via the app that you can text each other via the app that's on the ship's standard Wi-Fi. that's on the ship's standard Wi-Fi. that's on the ship's standard Wi-Fi. This is especially important to remember This is especially important to remember This is especially important to remember if you're not planning on paying for if you're not planning on paying for if you're not planning on paying for overseas data plans or international overseas data plans or international overseas data plans or international plans, but you still want to make sure plans, but you still want to make sure plans, but you still want to make sure you can keep in touch with the members you can keep in touch with the members you can keep in touch with the members of your group if you all decide to split of your group if you all decide to split of your group if you all decide to split up and do different activities during up and do different activities during up and do different activities during the course of your cruise, which will the course of your cruise, which will the course of your cruise, which will more than likely happen at several more than likely happen at several more than likely happen at several points during your vacation if you're points during your vacation if you're points during your vacation if you're traveling with a group of adults. traveling with a group of adults. traveling with a group of adults. Speaking of Wi-Fi, make sure to turn off Speaking of Wi-Fi, make sure to turn off Speaking of Wi-Fi, make sure to turn off any of your phone's roaming or other any of your phone's roaming or other any of your phone's roaming or other unexpected data charges that could cost unexpected data charges that could cost unexpected data charges that could cost you extra money without you realizing you extra money without you realizing you extra money without you realizing it. As you board the ship, your family's it. As you board the ship, your family's it. As you board the ship, your family's name will be announced across the entire name will be announced across the entire name will be announced across the entire atrium, welcoming you to your sea home atrium, welcoming you to your sea home atrium, welcoming you to your sea home away from home. That first step inside away from home. That first step inside away from home. That first step inside the ship is always something special. the ship is always something special. the ship is always something special. The atrium alone is enough to take your The atrium alone is enough to take your The atrium alone is enough to take your breath away. But where do you go from breath away. But where do you go from breath away. But where do you go from here? Lots of passengers are going to here? Lots of passengers are going to here? Lots of passengers are going to make a beline to the free food first. make a beline to the free food first. make a beline to the free food first. However, if your family wants to However, if your family wants to However, if your family wants to prioritize the water coasters or water prioritize the water coasters or water prioritize the water coasters or water slides, I'd hit up those first, even slides, I'd hit up those first, even slides, I'd hit up those first, even before lunch. Later on throughout the before lunch. Later on throughout the before lunch. Later on throughout the cruise, lines for these rides can get as cruise, lines for these rides can get as cruise, lines for these rides can get as high as 30 minutes throughout the day. high as 30 minutes throughout the day. high as 30 minutes throughout the day. But if you head there right after But if you head there right after But if you head there right after embarcation, the crowds tend to be a lot embarcation, the crowds tend to be a lot embarcation, the crowds tend to be a lot more reasonable, and it might even be a more reasonable, and it might even be a more reasonable, and it might even be a walk-on. So, pack your swimwear in your walk-on. So, pack your swimwear in your walk-on. So, pack your swimwear in your carry-on to have it with you and ready carry-on to have it with you and ready carry-on to have it with you and ready to go. Before setting sail, everyone, to go. Before setting sail, everyone, to go. Before setting sail, everyone, and I mean everyone, is required to and I mean everyone, is required to and I mean everyone, is required to attend the mustard drill. The mustard attend the mustard drill. The mustard attend the mustard drill. The mustard drill is a mandatory safety spiel that drill is a mandatory safety spiel that drill is a mandatory safety spiel that you'll hear on not just a Disney cruise, you'll hear on not just a Disney cruise, you'll hear on not just a Disney cruise, but any cruise you decide to go on in but any cruise you decide to go on in but any cruise you decide to go on in the future. It covers the basics like the future. It covers the basics like the future. It covers the basics like what you'll do in the rare case of an what you'll do in the rare case of an what you'll do in the rare case of an emergency, the proper way to put on a emergency, the proper way to put on a emergency, the proper way to put on a life jacket, and other important to know life jacket, and other important to know life jacket, and other important to know things like that. When it comes to a things like that. When it comes to a things like that. When it comes to a cruise ship muster drill, you're cruise ship muster drill, you're cruise ship muster drill, you're responsible for getting over to where responsible for getting over to where responsible for getting over to where that drill is scheduled to take place. that drill is scheduled to take place. that drill is scheduled to take place. Not everybody's going to the same place. Not everybody's going to the same place. Not everybody's going to the same place. So, your particular stateateroom has a So, your particular stateateroom has a So, your particular stateateroom has a muster drill location and the ship's not muster drill location and the ship's not muster drill location and the ship's not going anywhere until everyone on board going anywhere until everyone on board going anywhere until everyone on board is accounted for. So, don't show up late is accounted for. So, don't show up late is accounted for. So, don't show up late and make everybody mad at you, cuz it and make everybody mad at you, cuz it and make everybody mad at you, cuz it happens all the time. Now, don't stress. happens all the time. Now, don't stress. happens all the time. Now, don't stress. It's really, really easy to show up for It's really, really easy to show up for It's really, really easy to show up for your mustard drill on time. And since your mustard drill on time. And since your mustard drill on time. And since these are big ships, there'll be these are big ships, there'll be these are big ships, there'll be multiple mustard drills happening across multiple mustard drills happening across multiple mustard drills happening across multiple sections of the ship to help multiple sections of the ship to help multiple sections of the ship to help space things out. You'll be able to find space things out. You'll be able to find space things out. You'll be able to find out where your assembly station is out where your assembly station is out where your assembly station is located by checking the back of your located by checking the back of your located by checking the back of your stateateroom door or by looking on the stateateroom door or by looking on the stateateroom door or by looking on the back of your key to the world card or by back of your key to the world card or by back of your key to the world card or by specifically searching for your station specifically searching for your station specifically searching for your station in the Disney Cruise Line Navigator app. in the Disney Cruise Line Navigator app. in the Disney Cruise Line Navigator app. And they've got lots of crew members And they've got lots of crew members And they've got lots of crew members posted everywhere who are happy to help posted everywhere who are happy to help posted everywhere who are happy to help you figure out how to get where you're you figure out how to get where you're you figure out how to get where you're going. Disney cruise ships are very well going. Disney cruise ships are very well going. Disney cruise ships are very well known for their rotational dinners. In known for their rotational dinners. In known for their rotational dinners. In case you're unfamiliar with how case you're unfamiliar with how case you're unfamiliar with how rotational dining on board the cruises rotational dining on board the cruises rotational dining on board the cruises works, this basically means you'll be works, this basically means you'll be works, this basically means you'll be rotating between three main restaurants rotating between three main restaurants rotating between three main restaurants for each of your evening meals. You'll for each of your evening meals. You'll for each of your evening meals. You'll also keep the same weight staff for all also keep the same weight staff for all also keep the same weight staff for all those meals, meaning your servers get to those meals, meaning your servers get to those meals, meaning your servers get to know your likes and dislikes and allergy know your likes and dislikes and allergy know your likes and dislikes and allergy concerns and how many Diet Cokes you're concerns and how many Diet Cokes you're concerns and how many Diet Cokes you're going to drink. As soon as you connect going to drink. As soon as you connect going to drink. As soon as you connect to the cruise Wi-Fi in the ship's to the cruise Wi-Fi in the ship's to the cruise Wi-Fi in the ship's terminal, you'll be able to check out terminal, you'll be able to check out terminal, you'll be able to check out your rotational dining schedule and see your rotational dining schedule and see your rotational dining schedule and see which restaurants you'll be dining at on which restaurants you'll be dining at on which restaurants you'll be dining at on which nights and what times you'll be which nights and what times you'll be which nights and what times you'll be dining. But your dining time you could dining. But your dining time you could dining. But your dining time you could have seen before you got on the ship have seen before you got on the ship have seen before you got on the ship over there on the Disney Cruise Line over there on the Disney Cruise Line over there on the Disney Cruise Line website. That's not something that website. That's not something that website. That's not something that changes on imbarcation day because while changes on imbarcation day because while changes on imbarcation day because while you're booking your cruise, you're going you're booking your cruise, you're going you're booking your cruise, you're going to be asked to choose a preferred dining to be asked to choose a preferred dining to be asked to choose a preferred dining time for dinner, either 5:45 or 8:15. time for dinner, either 5:45 or 8:15. time for dinner, either 5:45 or 8:15. Times do vary, but there will always be Times do vary, but there will always be Times do vary, but there will always be an earlier time and a later time. Disney an earlier time and a later time. Disney an earlier time and a later time. Disney usually accommodates your dining time usually accommodates your dining time usually accommodates your dining time and request pretty well, but there are and request pretty well, but there are and request pretty well, but there are occasions where you might get slotted occasions where you might get slotted occasions where you might get slotted into a dining time you didn't request. into a dining time you didn't request. into a dining time you didn't request. If this happens, you can always call If this happens, you can always call If this happens, you can always call ahead and get put on a wait list for the ahead and get put on a wait list for the ahead and get put on a wait list for the other dining time slot. That usually other dining time slot. That usually other dining time slot. That usually works for me when I need to do that. Or works for me when I need to do that. Or works for me when I need to do that. Or you can try to get your dining time you can try to get your dining time you can try to get your dining time changed over at guest services on the changed over at guest services on the changed over at guest services on the day you board the ship. There's also a day you board the ship. There's also a day you board the ship. There's also a link on the Disney Cruise Line website link on the Disney Cruise Line website link on the Disney Cruise Line website in your my reservation section to in your my reservation section to in your my reservation section to request a seating change as well. Now, request a seating change as well. Now, request a seating change as well. Now, your dining time will determine when you your dining time will determine when you your dining time will determine when you go see the featured Broadway style show go see the featured Broadway style show go see the featured Broadway style show of the evening, as well as when you of the evening, as well as when you of the evening, as well as when you dine. When these shows are scheduled to dine. When these shows are scheduled to dine. When these shows are scheduled to happen during your cruise, they'll happen during your cruise, they'll happen during your cruise, they'll perform twice in the evening. Either perform twice in the evening. Either perform twice in the evening. Either after your dinner if you're scheduled after your dinner if you're scheduled after your dinner if you're scheduled for the first meal time slot, or before for the first meal time slot, or before for the first meal time slot, or before your dinner if you're scheduled for the your dinner if you're scheduled for the your dinner if you're scheduled for the second. Keep in mind, you don't have to second. Keep in mind, you don't have to second. Keep in mind, you don't have to eat a rotational meal if you don't want eat a rotational meal if you don't want eat a rotational meal if you don't want to. And you don't have to see a stage to. And you don't have to see a stage to. And you don't have to see a stage show if you don't want to. Nobody's show if you don't want to. Nobody's show if you don't want to. Nobody's forcing you to do either of those. You forcing you to do either of those. You forcing you to do either of those. You paid for them, so you're welcome to do paid for them, so you're welcome to do paid for them, so you're welcome to do them, but you don't have to. In fact, them, but you don't have to. In fact, them, but you don't have to. In fact, you might prefer to schedule one of the you might prefer to schedule one of the you might prefer to schedule one of the premium adult meals on board your ship premium adult meals on board your ship premium adult meals on board your ship to take the place of your rotational to take the place of your rotational to take the place of your rotational meal for one evening or order some free meal for one evening or order some free meal for one evening or order some free room service up to the room. Yep, room room service up to the room. Yep, room room service up to the room. Yep, room service is totally free for you to use service is totally free for you to use service is totally free for you to use and eat no matter what. Or in the case and eat no matter what. Or in the case and eat no matter what. Or in the case of my family, you might skip a of my family, you might skip a of my family, you might skip a rotational meal and just stick with the rotational meal and just stick with the rotational meal and just stick with the food court stuff near the pool. It's food court stuff near the pool. It's food court stuff near the pool. It's totally your call. But the main takeaway totally your call. But the main takeaway totally your call. But the main takeaway of this point is that you don't have to of this point is that you don't have to of this point is that you don't have to worry about missing the big rotational worry about missing the big rotational worry about missing the big rotational meals and Broadway style shows ever. meals and Broadway style shows ever. meals and Broadway style shows ever. Disney lays out everyone's schedules in Disney lays out everyone's schedules in Disney lays out everyone's schedules in a way that's easy for everybody to a way that's easy for everybody to a way that's easy for everybody to navigate. So, just check your navigator navigate. So, just check your navigator navigate. So, just check your navigator app once you're inside the terminal app once you're inside the terminal app once you're inside the terminal before embarcation to see how your before embarcation to see how your before embarcation to see how your schedule's going to be laid out each schedule's going to be laid out each schedule's going to be laid out each evening. And if you're going to want to evening. And if you're going to want to evening. And if you're going to want to change that over at guest services as change that over at guest services as change that over at guest services as soon as you get on the ship, cuz there soon as you get on the ship, cuz there soon as you get on the ship, cuz there is a little wiggle room to change that is a little wiggle room to change that is a little wiggle room to change that stuff as soon as you get on the ship. stuff as soon as you get on the ship. stuff as soon as you get on the ship. But once you sail away, you're kind of But once you sail away, you're kind of But once you sail away, you're kind of locked in. There are a lot of adults locked in. There are a lot of adults locked in. There are a lot of adults only offerings on board the Disney only offerings on board the Disney only offerings on board the Disney cruise ships. lounges, spas, pools, cruise ships. lounges, spas, pools, cruise ships. lounges, spas, pools, beverage seminars, specialty dining. But beverage seminars, specialty dining. But beverage seminars, specialty dining. But if you've got kids, you'll need to know if you've got kids, you'll need to know if you've got kids, you'll need to know who's going to watch those kids while who's going to watch those kids while who's going to watch those kids while you're off gallivanting around the 21 you're off gallivanting around the 21 you're off gallivanting around the 21 and over only activities. Fortunately, and over only activities. Fortunately, and over only activities. Fortunately, Disney's got a plan for that. A plan Disney's got a plan for that. A plan Disney's got a plan for that. A plan that your kids are probably going to that your kids are probably going to that your kids are probably going to love. For the babies and toddlers who love. For the babies and toddlers who love. For the babies and toddlers who fall between the 6 months to 3 years age fall between the 6 months to 3 years age fall between the 6 months to 3 years age range, you can book your little one in a range, you can book your little one in a range, you can book your little one in a spot in the It's a Small World nursery spot in the It's a Small World nursery spot in the It's a Small World nursery ahead of your visit. It does cost to ahead of your visit. It does cost to ahead of your visit. It does cost to book the nursery on the ships and prices book the nursery on the ships and prices book the nursery on the ships and prices are subject to change, but keep in mind are subject to change, but keep in mind are subject to change, but keep in mind that there is a 1-hour minimum per that there is a 1-hour minimum per that there is a 1-hour minimum per reservation and reservations book up reservation and reservations book up reservation and reservations book up fast, so make sure to lock in that fast, so make sure to lock in that fast, so make sure to lock in that reservation for your little one just as reservation for your little one just as reservation for your little one just as soon as you can. For the kids ages 3 to soon as you can. For the kids ages 3 to soon as you can. For the kids ages 3 to Oceaner Club. Unlike the nursery, the Oceaner Club. Unlike the nursery, the Oceaner Club. Unlike the nursery, the Ocean Air Clubs are free and give your Ocean Air Clubs are free and give your Ocean Air Clubs are free and give your kids the chance to delve into a variety kids the chance to delve into a variety kids the chance to delve into a variety of different Disney immersive areas that of different Disney immersive areas that of different Disney immersive areas that could include Marvel and Star Wars, could include Marvel and Star Wars, could include Marvel and Star Wars, Disney princesses, Pixie Hollow, and Disney princesses, Pixie Hollow, and Disney princesses, Pixie Hollow, and more. Now, while this experience is more. Now, while this experience is more. Now, while this experience is included with your stateateroom price, included with your stateateroom price, included with your stateateroom price, you still need to sign your kids up for you still need to sign your kids up for you still need to sign your kids up for it. You can either register online up to it. You can either register online up to it. You can either register online up to to the online check-in page under the to the online check-in page under the to the online check-in page under the already booked tab on the Disney Cruise already booked tab on the Disney Cruise already booked tab on the Disney Cruise Line website, or you can wait until you Line website, or you can wait until you Line website, or you can wait until you board the ship and sign your kids up board the ship and sign your kids up board the ship and sign your kids up during open house on embarcation day. during open house on embarcation day. during open house on embarcation day. The pre-teens, ages 11 to 14, have their The pre-teens, ages 11 to 14, have their The pre-teens, ages 11 to 14, have their own space aboard the Disney ships, too, own space aboard the Disney ships, too, own space aboard the Disney ships, too, called Edge. This area provides a comfy, called Edge. This area provides a comfy, called Edge. This area provides a comfy, cozy spot where tween can chill with cozy spot where tween can chill with cozy spot where tween can chill with other tween while playing games and other tween while playing games and other tween while playing games and having dance or karaoke parties or having dance or karaoke parties or having dance or karaoke parties or engaging in counselor activities. My kid engaging in counselor activities. My kid engaging in counselor activities. My kid really loves the foosball tournaments. really loves the foosball tournaments. really loves the foosball tournaments. Anyway, it just gives them a place to Anyway, it just gives them a place to Anyway, it just gives them a place to hang out away from their parents for a hang out away from their parents for a hang out away from their parents for a bit. Registration is not required for bit. Registration is not required for bit. Registration is not required for Edge, so tween can just head on over Edge, so tween can just head on over Edge, so tween can just head on over whenever the mood strikes. As for teens whenever the mood strikes. As for teens whenever the mood strikes. As for teens ages 15 to 17, they can check out Vibe, ages 15 to 17, they can check out Vibe, ages 15 to 17, they can check out Vibe, which is professionally chaperoned in a which is professionally chaperoned in a which is professionally chaperoned in a laid-back way that allows teens to still laid-back way that allows teens to still laid-back way that allows teens to still feel as unrestricted and comfortable as feel as unrestricted and comfortable as feel as unrestricted and comfortable as possible while still providing them with possible while still providing them with possible while still providing them with a good time playing games, listening to a good time playing games, listening to a good time playing games, listening to music, watching TV, and taking part in music, watching TV, and taking part in music, watching TV, and taking part in activities made solely for them. Again, activities made solely for them. Again, activities made solely for them. Again, no sign up required here. Teens can just no sign up required here. Teens can just no sign up required here. Teens can just drop in whenever and well, vibe. The drop in whenever and well, vibe. The drop in whenever and well, vibe. The night before, you'll have to say so night before, you'll have to say so night before, you'll have to say so long. You'll need to have suitcases long. You'll need to have suitcases long. You'll need to have suitcases tagged and outside your door by 10:45 tagged and outside your door by 10:45 tagged and outside your door by 10:45 p.m. if you want them picked up and p.m. if you want them picked up and p.m. if you want them picked up and unloaded off the ship for you. You don't unloaded off the ship for you. You don't unloaded off the ship for you. You don't have to do this, but if you don't, have to do this, but if you don't, have to do this, but if you don't, you'll have to keep your luggage with you'll have to keep your luggage with you'll have to keep your luggage with you and roll it down to breakfast in the you and roll it down to breakfast in the you and roll it down to breakfast in the morning. Your final breakfast will take morning. Your final breakfast will take morning. Your final breakfast will take place at the last rotational restaurant place at the last rotational restaurant place at the last rotational restaurant you experience the night before, just you experience the night before, just you experience the night before, just minus all the extra flare and minus all the extra flare and minus all the extra flare and entertainment. And then, well, then it's entertainment. And then, well, then it's entertainment. And then, well, then it's time to leave. Debarking can take a time to leave. Debarking can take a time to leave. Debarking can take a while. Well, it's a lot like boarding a while. Well, it's a lot like boarding a while. Well, it's a lot like boarding a flight. So, if you want to get off the flight. So, if you want to get off the flight. So, if you want to get off the ship faster, keep your luggage with you ship faster, keep your luggage with you ship faster, keep your luggage with you and leave as soon as the ship has and leave as soon as the ship has and leave as soon as the ship has cleared customs. This is usually around cleared customs. This is usually around cleared customs. This is usually around as soon as it clears customs, cuz that as soon as it clears customs, cuz that as soon as it clears customs, cuz that means I don't have to get off the ship means I don't have to get off the ship means I don't have to get off the ship with thousands of other people. There's with thousands of other people. There's with thousands of other people. There's usually just a couple of hundred folks usually just a couple of hundred folks usually just a couple of hundred folks who leave at that time, and it makes it who leave at that time, and it makes it who leave at that time, and it makes it much easier to get back to your car and much easier to get back to your car and much easier to get back to your car and get on the road. And the next part is get on the road. And the next part is get on the road. And the next part is just getting off the ship. You'll only just getting off the ship. You'll only just getting off the ship. You'll only need one key to the world card for your need one key to the world card for your need one key to the world card for your whole party, unlike when you reach the whole party, unlike when you reach the whole party, unlike when you reach the overseas ports of call when everyone has overseas ports of call when everyone has overseas ports of call when everyone has to have their key card present. So, get to have their key card present. So, get to have their key card present. So, get off the ship and just have one person off the ship and just have one person off the ship and just have one person kind of sign everybody off from your kind of sign everybody off from your kind of sign everybody off from your room. If you're trying to drag out the room. If you're trying to drag out the room. If you're trying to drag out the inevitable, however, and you do have inevitable, however, and you do have inevitable, however, and you do have your luggage taken down the night your luggage taken down the night your luggage taken down the night before, you'll pick it up right before before, you'll pick it up right before before, you'll pick it up right before you get in line at customs. Be ready you get in line at customs. Be ready you get in line at customs. Be ready with your passport and don't have fruit with your passport and don't have fruit with your passport and don't have fruit that you've picked up at any overseas that you've picked up at any overseas that you've picked up at any overseas destinations tucked in your bag. You'll destinations tucked in your bag. You'll destinations tucked in your bag. You'll have to discard that before you're all have to discard that before you're all have to discard that before you're all clear. Okay, let me know in the comments clear. Okay, let me know in the comments clear. Okay, let me know in the comments what other Disney Cruise Line questions what other Disney Cruise Line questions what other Disney Cruise Line questions you have for us. But remember, we have you have for us. But remember, we have you have for us. But remember, we have even more cruise videos you can check even more cruise videos you can check even more cruise videos you can check out right now if you're officially in out right now if you're officially in out right now if you're officially in planning mode. I'd recommend watching planning mode. I'd recommend watching planning mode. I'd recommend watching Disney Cruise Line tricks that work Disney Cruise Line tricks that work Disney Cruise Line tricks that work every time or even 50 mistakes to avoid every time or even 50 mistakes to avoid every time or even 50 mistakes to avoid on Disney Cruise Line if you've got the on Disney Cruise Line if you've got the on Disney Cruise Line if you've got the time. Oh, and don't forget to download time. Oh, and don't forget to download time. Oh, and don't forget to download that free DFB cruise ultimate guide that free DFB cruise ultimate guide that free DFB cruise ultimate guide today over at today over at today over at disneyfoodblog.com/cruiseplanning. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks Thanks for listening everyone and thanks Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for for watching. As always, this is AJ for for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real soon.
