---
video_id: K1HOmRhMu00
channel: DFBGuide
title: "I Spent ONLY $40 on Food at Disney World -- Here's How to Do It"
published: 2025-12-04
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1HOmRhMu00
---
It's possible to save money on Disney World food. A lot of money even. But you have to know the tricks of the trade in order to save the most. Hi, we've got the tricks of the trade and we're sharing them with you today here on DFB Guide. [Music] Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. Money is always going to be one of your biggest stressors during a Disney World vacation. At least it is for me. But good news, your food budget doesn't have to be nearly as daunting as you've been led to believe so far. So today, we're going to show you how to save the big bucks for all your Disney meals to keep you from busting past the $40 per person per day mark. First tip, prioritize breakfast. Who knew that eating breakfast could actually help you save money in two different ways? The first, skip paying for it in the parks and stick with packing your breakfast in advance or having breakfasty grocery items delivered to your hotel. My top three breakfast items to either eat in the room before I head to a park or to eat on my way to the bus stop are cinnamon raisin bagels with peanut butter. This has been one of my favorite snacks for a 100red million years. Uh my leftover pizza from last night. Hey, why not? You don't have a microwave in your room anyway. And Special K protein bars. This is not an ad. I love these things and they have enough protein in them that they actually sort of keep you going for a little while and they taste like the special K bars I used to make with my mom. Now, my script writer, Bria's top three breakfast items are bagels, also with some sort of jelly butter or topping to add to them, but not cream cheese. She thinks that's criminal. Those Nature Valley granola bars, specifically the chewy kind, she says not the kind that crumble and get everywhere. And unfrosted strawberry Pop-Tarts. These are definitely criminal. I think she says these things just to spite me. Now, you might also want to consider booking a late big breakfast, like around 10:00 a.m.ish, for one of the Disney restaurants. That way, you've timed your visit to satisfy your breakfast cravings, but you've also in turn filled up enough that you're not going to be hungry for lunch. So, you only have to worry about planning maybe a lighter dinner in the evening and maybe a few snacky items here and there. But the big bonus with this tip, breakfast is usually much cheaper than lunch and dinner at a lot of Disney's table service restaurants. So fill up for a lot less money in the morning. There are two ways to pay for your sitdown meals in Disney World. There's the prefix way where you'll have a set price to pay no matter what you order or eat. And there's the alle cart way where you'll be able to pay for each individual item giving you the chance to spend or save as much as you want towards your meal. If you go to an alloc cart restaurant, which y'all are more than familiar with, it's how most restaurants work like Applebee's, Chili's, whatever, you can make your meal out of the heartier appetizer options if you want to. Since most apps are going to be half the price of what a full entree usually costs. Few examples for you. At Steakhouse 71 in the Contemporary Resort, you can get the bacon and eggs appetizer with maple lacquered pork belly, smoked cheese grits, and a perfect egg for $15. That's actually super cheap for such a great dish because this is a really good dish. At Skipper Canteen in Magic Kingdom, you can order the plant-based family falls falafel with chickpeas, garlic, onions, lemon juice, and herbs, all served with house-made edamame hummus, and toasted pumpkin seeds. And that's only going to cost you 12 bucks. And Geyser Point Bar and Grill gets you a shakuterie flatbread with salami, brisket, chorizo, bacon, and smoked guda beer cheese for $19. Hardy apps that you don't have to share. You can just make them into a full meal for yourself and save a few bucks in the process. Just keep in mind that if you choose to save money on your own sit-down meal by ordering just apps and waters and calling it good, be sure to still tip your server as if you got a full meal so they don't get the short end of the stick when it comes to the amount of time you took up their table. Now, to do a 180 on you, let's go from not sharing anything at all to sharing is caring. Many of Disney World's restaurants have heartier entre that make splitting them with another group member super easy to do because you'll only have to pay one price for an item, but two people or more can enjoy it and still fill up quite nicely. Here are a few examples coming your way. Flame Tree Barbecue in Animal Kingdom has a ribs, chicken, and pulled pork sampler for 19 bucks. Usually $19 is pretty steep for a quick service meal, but considering the fact that it comes with all three meats plus signature baked beans and kleslaw means it's a really easy one to split. Eat by Manite Shawan in Disney Springs has a whole sharables portion of the menu, but that chicken tikka naan pizza for $16.95 can easily be split between two people as well. And speaking of pizza, never underestimate the value of a pizza pie. Even if you Napoli in Epcot, where you'll pay a little more than you normally would for a whole pizza, a large, like the margarita for $36 can easily feed two to four people. But an even cheaper pizza option is at the resort food courts. The food court serve up a full classic pepperoni and cheese pizza for around $21 to $22. Now, it's important to remember that you really shouldn't plan on sharing full entre at one of the Disney table services unless it's like a full pizza. Of course, many of the table service locations aren't going to allow you to go haves in the entree department. But even if a restaurant does allow it, please remember to tip your server as though you got two meals instead of one, just because that's the kind way to do things. And I know y'all are some of the kindest people out there, so let's continue to do that. All right, digging the savings so far? Fantastic. If you get to the end of today's video and find yourself thinking, "Ah, I wish I knew how to save big bucks on every aspect of my upcoming Disney World trip." Well, good news, cuz our free Disney World planning worksheets have tons of budgeting tips for not just dining, but travel, souvenirs, hotel stays, and more. Plus, part of our planning worksheets are going to hook you up with budgeting sheets. And that way you can figure out just how much you're going to spend on dining beforehand and save accordingly. Just scan the QR code you see on the screen now or head to disneyfoodblog.com/dplans after this. All right, so this point is not very soda gobliny of me, but if anything is going to throw my dining budget out the window, it's going to be the copious amount of soda I purchase along with each of my meals or throughout the park when I want a quick pickme up. But I didn't do any planning ahead to avoid the soda expense. Fountain sodas and bottled sodas are going to cost you a good $5 to $6 per pop. And while that might not sound horrible, you do that all week with every member of your group and suddenly you're out hundreds of bucks just from soda alone. If you got the willpower in you to stick to the free water cups, good for you. That's going to save you a ton of money. Same with investing in a refillable water bottle. Disney's got tons of places around their parks for you to fill that sucker up during the day for free and you can find those listed on the My Disney Experience app. Just search water refill stations in the search engine and then press the option find on map to see them all. Also, Disney's quick services with the soda refill stations have a super cold filtered water in those machines. So, even if you don't purchase a soda, you can still use the water cups and fill up on the real good stuff and not like the Florida swamp water stuff. But I also understand that water doesn't always hit like a carbonated soda does. I know that all too well. If you're driving to Disney World, you might want to stock up on bottled sodas ahead of time since a six-pack at the store is going to cost you around the same price as one will cost you in the parks. Disney's totally fine with you bringing in your own drinks as long as they're non-alcoholic. So, you can stock up ahead of time at your local grocery store. Put a few bottles in the fridge or mini fridge of your hotel room and have some cold ones to start your day with. If you're not driving, you can always swing by one of the grocery stores outside the Disney bubble to pick up a few cases of soda. Or you can have a grocery delivery service do the pickup for you and deliver it to your hotel's bell services desk later on that day, like Amazon Fresh, for instance. They've got some good prices on whatever drinks, foods, or other essentials you want to have delivered straight to your resort during your vacation. You can either order your items for same day delivery or you can order them 3 days ahead of time and reserve a delivery window to align best with your daily itinerary. Now, you're not going to be able to pull off this tip at Disney's table service restaurants. But if you're an adult who's looking for a quick bite to eat that costs the least amount of money possible, and you don't have anyone who's willing to split a meal with you at the moment, just order a kids meal from one of the quick services. Kids meals often look a lot like the adult meals, just with slightly smaller portions for a cheaper price point. Plus, they tend to come with extra sides and a small drink, too. So, really, you can order a kids meal and fill up quite nicely on that alone. Time for more examples. Here are some of our favorite kids meal options. Satuli Canteen and Animal Kingdom serves up customizable bowls, but these bowls tend to cost $14 to $19 depending on what meat you get piled on top of them. And that price isn't awful considering the adult-sized bowls are pretty big, making it a good option if you're really hungry. But the kids menu has the same sort of custom bowls in smaller sizes for about half the price, just over 9 bucks. You could also choose a different kids meal option like the cheeseburger steamed pot, my personal favorite, or the cheese quesadilla or even the tail all beef hot dog wrapped in dough. Each of these comes with vegetable chips and a mandarin orange, plus a drink, and still won't cost you more than $10. Woody's Lunchbox at Hollywood Studios doesn't have a huge kids menu, but the grilled cheese and turkey sandwich options on the kids menu are just the half sandwich versions of the full grilled cheese or turkey sandwiches available for the adults. Plus, the kids portions come with a cutie mandarin orange, potato barrels, those are tater tots, and your choice of small beverage, all for under 10 bucks. You might even be able to switch out one of your sides for a hot cup of tomato soup, which is my go-to since I'm going to want something to dunk my grilled cheese in. Or double the potato barrels. And at Columbia Harbor House in Magic Kingdom, you've got a few different surf and turf options to choose from on the kids menu, including a grilled shrimp skewer or a grilled salmon with your choice of two sides. Meaning, yes, you can still get those glorious hush puppies that I rave about all the time. Plus, you'll also get a small milk or a small Dani water bottle or a small soda if you really want it, all for $8.99. But don't forget, you don't have to make all your meals Disney meals. If you don't want to pay for an expensive meal or even a quick service meal every time you need to eat, then pack your own food to take into the parks with you. In the past, I've seen tons of families pulling out their PB&J sandwiches, their cucumber slices, packages of grapes, lunchables, and other picnic-l like food options during lunch and dinner time, and that's awesome. Even Quincy from Allers carries around a slice of pizza in her fanny pack. It's also another great reason why you might want to use a grocery delivery service like Amazon Fresh to get those cheaper meals delivered to you before you even get in the parks. While I do love a good Disney meal, they add up quickly. So figure out which Disney restaurants are the ones you really want to save for and plan to load up on some cheaper, easy to pack snack foods for your other park meals. Oh, by the way, Trail Mix saves me just about every single time when I'm in the parks. Easy to carry, doesn't melt, always good. Just make sure the foods you do pack though follow Disney's guidelines, meaning you don't have to keep them frozen. You don't need to reheat them. They don't have too strong of a smell. Yep, that's actually a rule. And they're not being kept in glass containers. What time is it? Yep, it's happy hour time. Happy hours happen at select times across certain restaurants, giving you the chance to save money on a bunch of food and drinks. And some of them are actually really, really good happy hours. A few of these will only discount drinks, but if you're looking for food discounts, too, here are a few of our favorite happy hours in Disney Springs to hit up. The Edison has a happy hour that puts their signature appetizers and craft cocktails at lower prices. You can get fried pickles, creamy spinach dip, and electra fries for around 10 to 12 bucks. Beverages like the Buffalo Trace Old Fashion, Edison Logger, Frenzy Soft Blanc, and Strawberry Fields Forever are around 6 to eight per glass. Happy Hour at the Edison runs Sunday to Friday from 3 PM to 6 PM. Summerhouse on the Lake has one of the newest happy hours called Martini Hour that takes place Monday to Friday from 3 to 6:00 p.m. in the bar area. There are three different martinis you can get on the menu, all for $10. The classic, an espresso martini, and a Finn Collins. But even if you're not into martinis, there's also a great deal on red, white, and rosé wine around five bucks a glass, and a rotating beer discount, which is $4 per glass. And when it comes to food, you got a couple of really sweet deals to take advantage of here at Summerhouse. The bottomless truffle fries are 10 bucks, but they are bottomless, meaning you can fill up on them again and again without having to pay another $10 each time you take a refill. And the lobby cut tavern style pizza here is $12 during happy hour. And this is a pizza that can feed two to four people. That's even better than the Value Resort food court pizza. And the Summerhouse pizza is going to give you way more artisan feel. Can't beat that. Then there's STK Orlando, which usually isn't our go-to place to eat since it's pretty expensive and we'd rather spend the big bucks on something a little bit more themed and immersive. But STK's happy hour menu is available Monday to Friday from 3:00 to 6:30 p.m. and Saturday and Sunday from 3:00 to 5:30 p.m. The restaurant also offers a late night happy hour Sunday through Thursday from 10:00 p.m. to close. And during those happy hour/ late night times, you can get $3 eats like oysters on the half shell. $6 eats like the short rib quesadilla and little shroom cheeseburger and truffle fries. $9 eats like the Japanese A5 Wagu taco and STK and Fruits. And the $19 Happy Surf and Turf. You can also order super discounted drinks like the Guava Berry Kiss cocktail for N bucks. So it's regularly priced at 23. See what I mean by pricey? You can find the whole list of Disney Springs updated happy hour and special offers featured in our DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining over at dfbstore.com. And speaking of discounts, be sure to type in code YouTube if you're looking to save some serious dough on your guidebook purchase before you check out. Now, you know what else? Disney Springs is super good at offering up free loyalty programs. If you sign up for a loyalty program or membership or email newsletter for a certain restaurant or restaurants, you can earn points by eating at these locations, which is going to save you money on future visits. But let's be honest, the instant gratification is what really pulls us into signing up for these sorts of things, right? Because what do you mean I can just send you my email and I'll be immediately entitled to a free snack or beverage? If you're on the hunt for those Disney Springs membership signups that'll give you free things as soon as you hit that subscribe button, here are the locations you need to look into. Salt and Straw has a rewards program that'll give you a free waffle cone once you sign up. Cityworks bottleneck rewards program will give you a free bar bite instantly. And the Wetzel's pretzels rewards app will offer you a welcome pretzel upon subscribing. Again, if you're looking for a way bigger list of loyalty programs that you can sign up for ahead of your Disney Springs visit to collect maximum rewards, we got lots more of them listed for you in our saving money on Disney dining chapter in the 101 section of our DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining. Again, you can pick that up at dfbstore.com. In a recent video we just did called Why Everyone Hates What I Do in Disney World, it's a hot take one, so just brace yourself if you haven't watched it already. Someone in the comments, "Hi, Tom and brought up a great point. There are plenty of other places to eat outside of Disney for those of us who do not want to spend Disney prices." And I totally agree. You are not forced to eat every single meal on your Disney World trip inside the Disney bubble. Fast food joints still exist. And if you got a hankering for some tea bell gordas or Wendy's $5 biggie bags, you can always take a car over to one of those locations that are very close by. Or if you don't want to deal with the traffic or don't want to have to pay for an Uber to get over there, you can Door Dash these places and have your fast food delivered for you to pick up in your resort lobby. By the way, there's also a Mickey De's inside the Disney bubble, too. If you're truly looking for the cheapest meal inside the resort area, you're going to find it at 1596 West Buav Vista Drive, which is super close to Disney's All-Star Resorts. And just like Disney Springs has food discounts, thanks to their happy hours and loyalty programs, nearby restaurants right outside the Disney bubble might offer the same sort of deal. For example, Bahama Breeze has a happy hour Monday to Friday from 4:00 to 6:00 p.m. If you sign up for Geodano's free pizza membership, the G-Club, you'll get $5 off your delivery or carry out orders that are $25 or more. Black Angus Steakhouse has early bird specials served from 11:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. 7 days a week. You'll get 50% off every fourth visit as a Kuraba's Italian Grill Dine Rewards member. I mean, you get what I'm saying, right? You're not locked into Disney dining by any means, and Disney's not going to pull you back by the ankles into their park again and demand you eat at Chef Mickey's or suffer the consequences. So, if you've got a membership for a certain chain restaurant back home, or you're not afraid that not eating in Disney World is going to give you a serious case of FOMO, branch out a little bit. Try something that might be easier on the budget and still pretty tasty. Looking for the absolute cheapest places to eat in every Disney World park? Then check out these quick services and table service restaurants for your upcoming visit. In Magic Kingdom, Pinocchio Village House and Fantasy Land has flatbread entre that range from 13 to 14 bucks with the kids pepperoni flatbread costing under nine. But if you're sick of pizza by this point, Pico Bill Talltale in a Cafe has $13 nacho bowls and rice bowls that you might prefer. When it comes to table service cheaper eats, Plaza Restaurant off Main Street USA has entre that don't break the $30 threshold. The cheapest entree options here are the chef salad, the chicken Waldorf salad, and the triple- decker turkey club sandwich. each costing around 21 bucks. In Epcot, Leal Bulagerie Petisserie in the France pavilion has a variety of sandwiches that cost anywhere between 7 and $12. You can also find a lot of other $10 options that'll fill you up like the soup dour, that soup in a bread bowl, the kiche lraine, and the solidair loaded up with tomatoes, olives, and griier cheese. And I already mentioned Vianapoli earlier, but I stand by what I said. Pizza pies are very kind on the budget there. But another good budget friendly table service option is Lrefrey de Perryie which again is in the France pavilion. The savory galletes will put you back $18.50 or you can do the prefix option for 40 bucks which will hook you up with your choice of soup of the day or salad mason as well as your choice of one gallette with a glass of hard cider soda or juice and your choice of one dessert crepe. Or you could always pay the crepes on porti window a visit instead to grab an onthe-go gallette for 11 to 13 bucks. Basically just go to France. They've got the most affordable stuff. It's incredibly good stuff. And if you're not looking for booze, you can find cheap stuff. In Hollywood Studios, I got to pull it back around to Woody's Lunchbox again. All the sandwiches on offer are around 11 to 14 bucks for the adult sizes. That is, while the all too famous tacho bowl that we love to talk up with potato barrels and corn chips and chili and cheese is not only filling, but it's also only around $11. For table services, it's a tossup between 50s Prime Time in Echo Lake and Sci-Fi Dine In at Commissary Lane. But I think there are a few more cheaper entree items at Sci-Fi. The cheapest entree at Sci-Fi that's not just a salad is the fried chicken cordon blue sandwich made with a fried chicken thigh, ham, melted Swiss cheese, a bed of arugula, Sci-Fi signature maple Dijon, all served on a bio bun. Or if you're going the just appetizers route like we talked about earlier, you might want to get the sci-fi smoked wings for 16 bucks. Or if you're on the hunt for plant-based eats, you can fill up on the sci-fi plant nachos for 14 bucks, which will give you a heaping portion of fried tortilla chips topped with plant-based black bean chili, Impossible Beef, avocado cream, pico deayo, and cilantro. And at Animal Kingdom again, Pizza Pizza is going to be your cheapest bet over at Pizza Farari in Discovery Island, where the personal puffy pizza prices range between 11 and 13 bucks. The other items at Pizza Farari also tend to be fairly budget friendly with their creamy pesto chicken pasta and their chicken caprese baguette sandwich costing just over 13. But I wouldn't knock Flame Tree Barbecue either. A smokehouse chicken salad is $12. Baked mac and cheese with pulled pork, my favorite, is 13 and a half chicken is 14. So, we see you, Flame Tree. And then there's the Yakin Yeti table service. This can get pretty pricey depending on what you order, but it also has a more affordable sharables portion on the menu with stuff like kimchi calamari, a tuna nachos, lettuce cups, and Korean fried chicken ranging in price from $17 to $23. Now, I want to do a little one-day itinerary of eating for $40 or less, just to bring everything together for you. Now that we've shown you how you can eat in Disney World for $40 or less, let's prove it. We'll spend our day in Magic Kingdom, cuz any excuse to visit Cinderella Castle and be near the People Mover is an excuse that I'm willing to make. Now, you can save money right from the get- go by making your breakfast one of the grocery store items that Bria and I recommended earlier on. But if you don't have time to do any grocery shopping beforehand, even though Amazon Fresh, no worries. We'll just stop at the lunching pad in Tomorrowland to pick up some sticky bubble bread and a cup of free water. So total so far, seven bucks. After a morning filled with rides and shows, we'll make our way over to Posil Tall Tail Inn and Cafe for the kids portion of the citrus chipotle chicken rice bowl, which will come with our choice of two sides and either a small low-fat milk or a small bottle of water. Or you can also get a small soda as well. Total so far, $17. We're already doing great with our budget, so how about a little afternoon snack to help tide us over before dinner. We'll grab a classic pineapple Dole Whip Cup from Aloha Isle before making our way to the Enchanted Tiki Room. Total so far, 23 bucks. Now, remember to swing by those quick services during the day to take advantage of free water cups cuz you got to stay hydrated. $0 for those. And for dinner, I think it's only fair we hit up my favorite quick service in Magic Kingdom, Columbia Harbor House, for a beer battered fish platter. Grand total 38 bucks. So, eating in Disney World doesn't have to be stressful, and we're here to make sure that's how you feel before and during your Disney World vacation. If you want more DFP videos all about Disney World dining, we got a ton of them for you to check out next, like our top restaurants in Disney World for 2026 or the best snacks in every Disney World park. And don't forget to download those Disney World planning worksheets right away over at disneyfoodblog.com/dplans. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for DisneyBlog and we'll see you real soon. [Music]
