---
video_id: VsnWklkcL6o
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Things I’ll NEVER Do Again on Disney Cruise Line"
published: 2025-12-16
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsnWklkcL6o
---
Never is a strong word, but I'm using it Never is a strong word, but I'm using it Never is a strong word, but I'm using it because I'm never doing these things because I'm never doing these things because I'm never doing these things again before or during my next Disney again before or during my next Disney again before or during my next Disney cruise. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. Disney cruises are hopping lately. Blog. Disney cruises are hopping lately. Blog. Disney cruises are hopping lately. We've got new ships, new destinations, We've got new ships, new destinations, We've got new ships, new destinations, and all new adventures. But that means and all new adventures. But that means and all new adventures. But that means avoiding cruise mistakes is now more avoiding cruise mistakes is now more avoiding cruise mistakes is now more important than ever. So today, I'm going important than ever. So today, I'm going important than ever. So today, I'm going to walk you through the things that I'm to walk you through the things that I'm to walk you through the things that I'm certainly never going to do again before certainly never going to do again before certainly never going to do again before or on a Disney cruise in the hopes that or on a Disney cruise in the hopes that or on a Disney cruise in the hopes that maybe you can avoid potential maybe you can avoid potential maybe you can avoid potential disappointment or unnecessary FOMO. Like disappointment or unnecessary FOMO. Like disappointment or unnecessary FOMO. Like I always say here at DF, we make the I always say here at DF, we make the I always say here at DF, we make the mistakes so you don't have to. Okay, I'm mistakes so you don't have to. Okay, I'm mistakes so you don't have to. Okay, I'm not going to lock in on a cruise just not going to lock in on a cruise just not going to lock in on a cruise just because [music] it's new. I get it. The because [music] it's new. I get it. The because [music] it's new. I get it. The new cruise ships are the ones you're new cruise ships are the ones you're new cruise ships are the ones you're seeing paraded online right now and the seeing paraded online right now and the seeing paraded online right now and the ones with the exclusive experiences and ones with the exclusive experiences and ones with the exclusive experiences and cutting edge entertainment and that wow cutting edge entertainment and that wow cutting edge entertainment and that wow factor that you haven't seen on other factor that you haven't seen on other factor that you haven't seen on other ships before. But here's the deal. The ships before. But here's the deal. The ships before. But here's the deal. The new cruise ships still might not fit new cruise ships still might not fit new cruise ships still might not fit your family's cruising priorities as your family's cruising priorities as your family's cruising priorities as well as the classic ships. For example, well as the classic ships. For example, well as the classic ships. For example, the newer cruise ships like the Treasure the newer cruise ships like the Treasure the newer cruise ships like the Treasure and the Destiny might travel to and the Destiny might travel to and the Destiny might travel to destinations that you've either already destinations that you've either already destinations that you've either already been to before or aren't all that been to before or aren't all that been to before or aren't all that interested in seeing. Meanwhile, some of interested in seeing. Meanwhile, some of interested in seeing. Meanwhile, some of the more seasoned ships might have the more seasoned ships might have the more seasoned ships might have itineraries that sail to some bucket itineraries that sail to some bucket itineraries that sail to some bucket list locations of yours like Alaska or list locations of yours like Alaska or list locations of yours like Alaska or Hawaii or somewhere in Europe, maybe New Hawaii or somewhere in Europe, maybe New Hawaii or somewhere in Europe, maybe New Zealand or Australia. The new ships have Zealand or Australia. The new ships have Zealand or Australia. The new ships have all new Broadway level style shows like all new Broadway level style shows like all new Broadway level style shows like how The Treasure has Disney the Tale of how The Treasure has Disney the Tale of how The Treasure has Disney the Tale of Moana and the Destiny has Disney Moana and the Destiny has Disney Moana and the Destiny has Disney Hercules. And yet, if your kids prefer Hercules. And yet, if your kids prefer Hercules. And yet, if your kids prefer Tangled, you'll only find that stage Tangled, you'll only find that stage Tangled, you'll only find that stage show on the Disney Magic. Same as show on the Disney Magic. Same as show on the Disney Magic. Same as Rapunzel's Royal Table, you're only Rapunzel's Royal Table, you're only Rapunzel's Royal Table, you're only going to find that on the Magic, too. going to find that on the Magic, too. going to find that on the Magic, too. Basically, if your kid loves Tangled, Basically, if your kid loves Tangled, Basically, if your kid loves Tangled, then the magic is where you probably then the magic is where you probably then the magic is where you probably need to be. Want to dine with Tiana and need to be. Want to dine with Tiana and need to be. Want to dine with Tiana and crew? You'd only be able to do that over crew? You'd only be able to do that over crew? You'd only be able to do that over at Tiana's place on the Disney Wonder. at Tiana's place on the Disney Wonder. at Tiana's place on the Disney Wonder. Looking for the Midship Detective Agency Looking for the Midship Detective Agency Looking for the Midship Detective Agency interactive experience? You're going to interactive experience? You're going to interactive experience? You're going to find that on the Dream and the Fantasy. find that on the Dream and the Fantasy. find that on the Dream and the Fantasy. And if you're looking for inside And if you're looking for inside And if you're looking for inside stateooms that have those interactive stateooms that have those interactive stateooms that have those interactive character magic portals, those are only character magic portals, those are only character magic portals, those are only on the Dream and Fantasy, too. Each on the Dream and Fantasy, too. Each on the Dream and Fantasy, too. Each cruise ship has its own personality. So cruise ship has its own personality. So cruise ship has its own personality. So much so that we listed all the key much so that we listed all the key much so that we listed all the key differences between them in our revamped differences between them in our revamped differences between them in our revamped Disney Cruise Ultimate Guide, which you Disney Cruise Ultimate Guide, which you Disney Cruise Ultimate Guide, which you can pick up for free right now by can pick up for free right now by can pick up for free right now by scanning the QR code you see on the scanning the QR code you see on the scanning the QR code you see on the screen or clicking on the link in the screen or clicking on the link in the screen or clicking on the for description for description for Disneyfoodblog.com/cruiseplanning Disneyfoodblog.com/cruiseplanning Disneyfoodblog.com/cruiseplanning after this. But even with every ship's after this. But even with every ship's after this. But even with every ship's unique offerings and experiences, you'll unique offerings and experiences, you'll unique offerings and experiences, you'll also find a whole lot of overlap, too. also find a whole lot of overlap, too. also find a whole lot of overlap, too. No matter which ship you choose, you'll No matter which ship you choose, you'll No matter which ship you choose, you'll have Broadway style shows and rotational have Broadway style shows and rotational have Broadway style shows and rotational dining and adults onlyly restaurants, dining and adults onlyly restaurants, dining and adults onlyly restaurants, kids clubs, pools, characters, lounges, kids clubs, pools, characters, lounges, kids clubs, pools, characters, lounges, the whole nine yards. So, if that's what the whole nine yards. So, if that's what the whole nine yards. So, if that's what you're really concerned about, getting you're really concerned about, getting you're really concerned about, getting the full Disney cruise experience, you the full Disney cruise experience, you the full Disney cruise experience, you can still get that same thing on one of can still get that same thing on one of can still get that same thing on one of the other classic ships and potentially the other classic ships and potentially the other classic ships and potentially pay less for a cruise that has more of pay less for a cruise that has more of pay less for a cruise that has more of the specific characters and theming that the specific characters and theming that the specific characters and theming that you like. So before you hit that book you like. So before you hit that book you like. So before you hit that book now button for one of these brand new now button for one of these brand new now button for one of these brand new cruise ships, take a minute to dig cruise ships, take a minute to dig cruise ships, take a minute to dig through the details, which again, our through the details, which again, our through the details, which again, our free Disney cruise guide already has free Disney cruise guide already has free Disney cruise guide already has those listed out for you, so you don't those listed out for you, so you don't those listed out for you, so you don't have to go through all that sifting and have to go through all that sifting and have to go through all that sifting and clicking and searching yourself. clicking and searching yourself. clicking and searching yourself. Oh man, I cannot stress this one enough. Oh man, I cannot stress this one enough. Oh man, I cannot stress this one enough. Please beware of roaming charges on your Please beware of roaming charges on your Please beware of roaming charges on your phone. The Wi-Fi on board the Disney phone. The Wi-Fi on board the Disney phone. The Wi-Fi on board the Disney cruise ships is not your typical Wi-Fi. cruise ships is not your typical Wi-Fi. cruise ships is not your typical Wi-Fi. The only thing the complimentary Wi-Fi The only thing the complimentary Wi-Fi The only thing the complimentary Wi-Fi services will let you do is access your services will let you do is access your services will let you do is access your Disney Cruise Line Navigator app, which Disney Cruise Line Navigator app, which Disney Cruise Line Navigator app, which is basically the Cruise equivalent of is basically the Cruise equivalent of is basically the Cruise equivalent of Disney World's My Disney [music] Disney World's My Disney [music] Disney World's My Disney [music] Experience app. If you don't want to Experience app. If you don't want to Experience app. If you don't want to lose access to the outside world while lose access to the outside world while lose access to the outside world while you're riding across the seas, then you're riding across the seas, then you're riding across the seas, then you'll also need to determine if you'd you'll also need to determine if you'd you'll also need to determine if you'd like to get an international plan or a like to get an international plan or a like to get an international plan or a cruise plan on your cell phone before cruise plan on your cell phone before cruise plan on your cell phone before your trip. If you decide not to get one, your trip. If you decide not to get one, your trip. If you decide not to get one, please turn off your roaming so you please turn off your roaming so you please turn off your roaming so you don't end up getting a hundreds of don't end up getting a hundreds of don't end up getting a hundreds of dollars bill the way I did on one of my dollars bill the way I did on one of my dollars bill the way I did on one of my first cruises. Now I use the AT&amp;T first cruises. Now I use the AT&amp;T first cruises. Now I use the AT&amp;T international plan cuz I have AT&amp;T on my international plan cuz I have AT&amp;T on my international plan cuz I have AT&amp;T on my phone and it automatically notices if I phone and it automatically notices if I phone and it automatically notices if I go out of the country and charges me $10 go out of the country and charges me $10 go out of the country and charges me $10 per day to have my same plan. It's very, per day to have my same plan. It's very, per day to have my same plan. It's very, very useful and it obviously saved me very useful and it obviously saved me very useful and it obviously saved me hundreds of dollars over a lot of trips. hundreds of dollars over a lot of trips. hundreds of dollars over a lot of trips. So, check out what your phone plan has So, check out what your phone plan has So, check out what your phone plan has in terms of international options or in terms of international options or in terms of international options or cruise options. You should be able to cruise options. You should be able to cruise options. You should be able to just look it up online or call whoever just look it up online or call whoever just look it up online or call whoever your phone company is that you have your your phone company is that you have your your phone company is that you have your phone with. You don't want to become phone with. You don't want to become phone with. You don't want to become someone else's cautionary tale like I someone else's cautionary tale like I someone else's cautionary tale like I am. So, plan ahead and figure out what am. So, plan ahead and figure out what am. So, plan ahead and figure out what international plan's going to work best international plan's going to work best international plan's going to work best before those roaming charges get you. before those roaming charges get you. before those roaming charges get you. Okay, so there is one big reason you Okay, so there is one big reason you Okay, so there is one big reason you might want to keep your eyes on the might want to keep your eyes on the might want to keep your eyes on the latest Disney cruise ships. Their latest Disney cruise ships. Their latest Disney cruise ships. Their lounges are so cool. When you board the lounges are so cool. When you board the lounges are so cool. When you board the Disney Treasure and the Destiny, you'll Disney Treasure and the Destiny, you'll Disney Treasure and the Destiny, you'll be able to check out lounges that are be able to check out lounges that are be able to check out lounges that are themed around classic Disney park themed around classic Disney park themed around classic Disney park attractions. But don't just step in, attractions. But don't just step in, attractions. But don't just step in, take a speedy look, order a drink, and take a speedy look, order a drink, and take a speedy look, order a drink, and then get out of there without a second then get out of there without a second then get out of there without a second glance. If you're a Disney parks fan glance. If you're a Disney parks fan glance. If you're a Disney parks fan like I am, then you owe it to yourself like I am, then you owe it to yourself like I am, then you owe it to yourself to take some time to appreciate the to take some time to appreciate the to take some time to appreciate the details and secrets that lurk in the details and secrets that lurk in the details and secrets that lurk in the decor and the menus at these new lounge decor and the menus at these new lounge decor and the menus at these new lounge locations. I'll get you started. The locations. I'll get you started. The locations. I'll get you started. The Haunted Mansion parlor is on both the Haunted Mansion parlor is on both the Haunted Mansion parlor is on both the Disney Treasure and the Destiny. While a Disney Treasure and the Destiny. While a Disney Treasure and the Destiny. While a few of the drinks are different between few of the drinks are different between few of the drinks are different between the two, the themes and secrets are the two, the themes and secrets are the two, the themes and secrets are relatively the same. You've got specters relatively the same. You've got specters relatively the same. You've got specters in the mirror, the eerie lighting in the mirror, the eerie lighting in the mirror, the eerie lighting changes in the room, the ringing of the changes in the room, the ringing of the changes in the room, the ringing of the bell, and the tambourine ceremony bell, and the tambourine ceremony bell, and the tambourine ceremony triggered by Madame Leotaa herself. And triggered by Madame Leotaa herself. And triggered by Madame Leotaa herself. And you got secret libations waiting to be you got secret libations waiting to be you got secret libations waiting to be revealed on both lounge menu tablets, revealed on both lounge menu tablets, revealed on both lounge menu tablets, which will materialize only after you which will materialize only after you which will materialize only after you solve the hidden poem. On board the solve the hidden poem. On board the solve the hidden poem. On board the treasure, the poem will be themed around treasure, the poem will be themed around treasure, the poem will be themed around a ghostly mariner, while the poem to be a ghostly mariner, while the poem to be a ghostly mariner, while the poem to be decoded on the destiny is themed around decoded on the destiny is themed around decoded on the destiny is themed around Medusa. [music] Medusa. [music] Medusa. [music] Over on the treasure, you've also got Over on the treasure, you've also got Over on the treasure, you've also got the Jungle Cruise themed Skipper Society the Jungle Cruise themed Skipper Society the Jungle Cruise themed Skipper Society to anticipate, which has a lot of sea to anticipate, which has a lot of sea to anticipate, which has a lot of sea references for you to [music] track references for you to [music] track references for you to [music] track down. Sea referring to a Disney created down. Sea referring to a Disney created down. Sea referring to a Disney created society of explorers and adventurers, a society of explorers and adventurers, a society of explorers and adventurers, a recurring backstory for a selection of recurring backstory for a selection of recurring backstory for a selection of Disney's attractions around the world. Disney's attractions around the world. Disney's attractions around the world. While you're in this lounge, look for While you're in this lounge, look for While you're in this lounge, look for references to Albert and Alberta Falls. references to Albert and Alberta Falls. references to Albert and Alberta Falls. Dr. Albert Falls was the one who, Dr. Albert Falls was the one who, Dr. Albert Falls was the one who, according to Imagineering Lore, is an according to Imagineering Lore, is an according to Imagineering Lore, is an SCEA member who established the Jungle SCEA member who established the Jungle SCEA member who established the Jungle Navigation Company, which is part of the Navigation Company, which is part of the Navigation Company, which is part of the whole Jungle Cruise backstory. While his whole Jungle Cruise backstory. While his whole Jungle Cruise backstory. While his granddaughter, Alberta Falls, is the granddaughter, Alberta Falls, is the granddaughter, Alberta Falls, is the owner of Skipper Canteen, the restaurant owner of Skipper Canteen, the restaurant owner of Skipper Canteen, the restaurant in Magic Kingdom set up to host in Magic Kingdom set up to host in Magic Kingdom set up to host passengers before or after their trips passengers before or after their trips passengers before or after their trips along the Jungle Cruise. You'll find along the Jungle Cruise. You'll find along the Jungle Cruise. You'll find paintings of both the Falls family paintings of both the Falls family paintings of both the Falls family members inside Skipper Society, as well members inside Skipper Society, as well members inside Skipper Society, as well as a book in the bookcase written by Dr. as a book in the bookcase written by Dr. as a book in the bookcase written by Dr. Albert Falls himself. You'll also find Albert Falls himself. You'll also find Albert Falls himself. You'll also find nods to SCA members like Harrison High nods to SCA members like Harrison High nods to SCA members like Harrison High Tower III from Tokyo Disneyland's Tower Tower III from Tokyo Disneyland's Tower Tower III from Tokyo Disneyland's Tower of Terror, Mary Oceaner from Misfortune of Terror, Mary Oceaner from Misfortune of Terror, Mary Oceaner from Misfortune Falls at Typhoon Lagoon, Lord Henry Falls at Typhoon Lagoon, Lord Henry Falls at Typhoon Lagoon, Lord Henry Mystic from Mystic Manor in Hong Kong Mystic from Mystic Manor in Hong Kong Mystic from Mystic Manor in Hong Kong Disneyland, and several others too that Disneyland, and several others too that Disneyland, and several others too that tie in the story lines from other tie in the story lines from other tie in the story lines from other popular Disney attractions like Big popular Disney attractions like Big popular Disney attractions like Big Thunder Mountain, the Enchanted Tiki Thunder Mountain, the Enchanted Tiki Thunder Mountain, the Enchanted Tiki Room, and more. Meanwhile, Periscope Room, and more. Meanwhile, Periscope Room, and more. Meanwhile, Periscope Pub, also on the treasure, is inspired Pub, also on the treasure, is inspired Pub, also on the treasure, is inspired by the movie and former Disney World by the movie and former Disney World by the movie and former Disney World attraction 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea. attraction 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea. attraction 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea. Throughout this pub, you'll find Throughout this pub, you'll find Throughout this pub, you'll find trinkets and sketches and books that, as trinkets and sketches and books that, as trinkets and sketches and books that, as Disney puts it, were once used by Disney puts it, were once used by Disney puts it, were once used by Captain Nemo and his brave crew during Captain Nemo and his brave crew during Captain Nemo and his brave crew during undersea explorations on the Nautilus. undersea explorations on the Nautilus. undersea explorations on the Nautilus. And casking cannon exclusive to the And casking cannon exclusive to the And casking cannon exclusive to the Destiny is completely inspired by Destiny is completely inspired by Destiny is completely inspired by Pirates of the Caribbean, but in a Pirates of the Caribbean, but in a Pirates of the Caribbean, but in a completely different way than the new completely different way than the new completely different way than the new lounge beacon barrel that you can find lounge beacon barrel that you can find lounge beacon barrel that you can find in Magic Kingdom. Right off the bat, in Magic Kingdom. Right off the bat, in Magic Kingdom. Right off the bat, you'll probably notice that the you'll probably notice that the you'll probably notice that the furniture in the cruise lounge is all furniture in the cruise lounge is all furniture in the cruise lounge is all mismatched. Turns out the pirates have mismatched. Turns out the pirates have mismatched. Turns out the pirates have pillaged and plundered furnishings and pillaged and plundered furnishings and pillaged and plundered furnishings and antiques from countless voyages to build antiques from countless voyages to build antiques from countless voyages to build this bar, but they only held on to the this bar, but they only held on to the this bar, but they only held on to the best stuff they could find. Way to go, best stuff they could find. Way to go, best stuff they could find. Way to go, pirates. High standards. The port holes pirates. High standards. The port holes pirates. High standards. The port holes in the lounge are meant to look like old in the lounge are meant to look like old in the lounge are meant to look like old tavern stained glass, while the carvings tavern stained glass, while the carvings tavern stained glass, while the carvings on the outside appear to be charred, on the outside appear to be charred, on the outside appear to be charred, reminiscent of the iconic burning reminiscent of the iconic burning reminiscent of the iconic burning village scene featured on the ride. village scene featured on the ride. village scene featured on the ride. Those are just a few a very few of the Those are just a few a very few of the Those are just a few a very few of the many secrets hiding out inside these many secrets hiding out inside these many secrets hiding out inside these lounges. So, go and explore and let us lounges. So, go and explore and let us lounges. So, go and explore and let us know whenever you find something super know whenever you find something super know whenever you find something super noteworthy yourself, cuz friends don't noteworthy yourself, cuz friends don't noteworthy yourself, cuz friends don't keep secrets from friends. Capich? keep secrets from friends. Capich? keep secrets from friends. Capich? This is not a drill. You can get endless This is not a drill. You can get endless This is not a drill. You can get endless pog refills on your Disney cruise. When pog refills on your Disney cruise. When pog refills on your Disney cruise. When you find yourself at one of the Disney you find yourself at one of the Disney you find yourself at one of the Disney Cruise food halls, like Marceline Market Cruise food halls, like Marceline Market Cruise food halls, like Marceline Market on the Wish, Treasure, and Destiny, and on the Wish, Treasure, and Destiny, and on the Wish, Treasure, and Destiny, and cabanas for the older ships, check out cabanas for the older ships, check out cabanas for the older ships, check out the soft drink fountain and look for the the soft drink fountain and look for the the soft drink fountain and look for the drink labeled Orchard's Finest. One of drink labeled Orchard's Finest. One of drink labeled Orchard's Finest. One of our reporters tried Orchard's Finest our reporters tried Orchard's Finest our reporters tried Orchard's Finest when he was cruising on the Disney when he was cruising on the Disney when he was cruising on the Disney Destiny recently, and it made him stop Destiny recently, and it made him stop Destiny recently, and it made him stop and go, "Hold on, this tastes awfully and go, "Hold on, this tastes awfully and go, "Hold on, this tastes awfully familiar." Sure enough, when he asked familiar." Sure enough, when he asked familiar." Sure enough, when he asked one of the cast members on board about one of the cast members on board about one of the cast members on board about it, they showed him the container that it, they showed him the container that it, they showed him the container that Orchard's finest came from. And right Orchard's finest came from. And right Orchard's finest came from. And right there on the label, it says passion there on the label, it says passion there on the label, it says passion fruit, orange, and guava. Pog is such a fruit, orange, and guava. Pog is such a fruit, orange, and guava. Pog is such a Disney World staple drink that we're Disney World staple drink that we're Disney World staple drink that we're stoked to have it on board the cruises stoked to have it on board the cruises stoked to have it on board the cruises and in a bottomless fashion, too. Your and in a bottomless fashion, too. Your and in a bottomless fashion, too. Your cruise may not always have Pog on board, cruise may not always have Pog on board, cruise may not always have Pog on board, but it's worth checking to see if it's but it's worth checking to see if it's but it's worth checking to see if it's available, cuz nobody should have to available, cuz nobody should have to available, cuz nobody should have to miss out on Endless Pog just because miss out on Endless Pog just because miss out on Endless Pog just because they accidentally overlook it. Whenever they accidentally overlook it. Whenever they accidentally overlook it. Whenever Disney announces a new overseas location Disney announces a new overseas location Disney announces a new overseas location that its cruise ships are going to that its cruise ships are going to that its cruise ships are going to travel to, that doesn't mean said travel to, that doesn't mean said travel to, that doesn't mean said locations are going to be a part of the locations are going to be a part of the locations are going to be a part of the DCL's itinerary [music] DCL's itinerary [music] DCL's itinerary [music] forever. Just take a look at those forever. Just take a look at those forever. Just take a look at those future 2026 itineraries, and you'll see future 2026 itineraries, and you'll see future 2026 itineraries, and you'll see what I mean. Disney will officially end what I mean. Disney will officially end what I mean. Disney will officially end its New Zealand and Australian routes in its New Zealand and Australian routes in its New Zealand and Australian routes in on the Disney Wonder during the month of on the Disney Wonder during the month of on the Disney Wonder during the month of February. So, that's [music] your final February. So, that's [music] your final February. So, that's [music] your final final chance to experience these final chance to experience these final chance to experience these locations while sailing with DCL, at locations while sailing with DCL, at locations while sailing with DCL, at least for now. [snorts] After the final least for now. [snorts] After the final least for now. [snorts] After the final Australia and New Zealand sailing in Australia and New Zealand sailing in Australia and New Zealand sailing in February 2026, the Disney Wonder will February 2026, the Disney Wonder will February 2026, the Disney Wonder will begin traveling to Hawaii and Vancouver begin traveling to Hawaii and Vancouver begin traveling to Hawaii and Vancouver before returning to San Diego in March before returning to San Diego in March before returning to San Diego in March because the ship is sailing to a certain because the ship is sailing to a certain because the ship is sailing to a certain destination this year doesn't mean it'll destination this year doesn't mean it'll destination this year doesn't mean it'll have the same itinerary next year. So, have the same itinerary next year. So, have the same itinerary next year. So, it's important to either jump on those it's important to either jump on those it's important to either jump on those itineraries now or hold off while you itineraries now or hold off while you itineraries now or hold off while you save, but set expectations that a save, but set expectations that a save, but set expectations that a certain destination might not be certain destination might not be certain destination might not be available for you when you're finally available for you when you're finally available for you when you're finally ready to book your stateateroom at a ready to book your stateateroom at a ready to book your stateateroom at a much later date. [music] And also much later date. [music] And also much later date. [music] And also remember that sometimes they'll switch remember that sometimes they'll switch remember that sometimes they'll switch the ships around. So, if a certain ship the ships around. So, if a certain ship the ships around. So, if a certain ship was always in Europe, that might end up was always in Europe, that might end up was always in Europe, that might end up being moved to Asia or Hawaii or being moved to Asia or Hawaii or being moved to Asia or Hawaii or someplace else entirely. So, if that's someplace else entirely. So, if that's someplace else entirely. So, if that's the ship you want to sail on and it's the ship you want to sail on and it's the ship you want to sail on and it's going to the place you want to sail to, going to the place you want to sail to, going to the place you want to sail to, you want to book that as quickly as you you want to book that as quickly as you you want to book that as quickly as you [music] can. Another important thing to [music] can. Another important thing to [music] can. Another important thing to note is that on the Disney Cruise note is that on the Disney Cruise note is that on the Disney Cruise website, Disney states they're saying a website, Disney states they're saying a website, Disney states they're saying a fond farewell for now to these fond farewell for now to these fond farewell for now to these destinations. So, that means this isn't destinations. So, that means this isn't destinations. So, that means this isn't necessarily going to be a forever thing. necessarily going to be a forever thing. necessarily going to be a forever thing. There's always the chance that the New There's always the chance that the New There's always the chance that the New Zealand and Australian routes will be Zealand and Australian routes will be Zealand and Australian routes will be added back. So, just keep checking back added back. So, just keep checking back added back. So, just keep checking back on the DCL website or check your email on the DCL website or check your email on the DCL website or check your email for our DFB newsletter if you're already for our DFB newsletter if you're already for our DFB newsletter if you're already subscribed because we'll message you subscribed because we'll message you subscribed because we'll message you really fast the moment we get word about really fast the moment we get word about really fast the moment we get word about any big DCL itinerary changes. any big DCL itinerary changes. any big DCL itinerary changes. More than likely, you're going to see More than likely, you're going to see More than likely, you're going to see Mickey, Minnie, and the rest of the Fab Mickey, Minnie, and the rest of the Fab Mickey, Minnie, and the rest of the Fab waiting for you to come up and say hi waiting for you to come up and say hi waiting for you to come up and say hi and snap a few photos. But there are a and snap a few photos. But there are a and snap a few photos. But there are a couple of specific times throughout your couple of specific times throughout your couple of specific times throughout your cruise that you might also see a whole cruise that you might also see a whole cruise that you might also see a whole lot of Disney princesses lined up in the lot of Disney princesses lined up in the lot of Disney princesses lined up in the atrium also ready for you to meet the atrium also ready for you to meet the atrium also ready for you to meet the entire line of them. One after the other entire line of them. One after the other entire line of them. One after the other after the other. A free princess meet after the other. A free princess meet after the other. A free princess meet and greet with lots of princesses. And and greet with lots of princesses. And and greet with lots of princesses. And you don't even need any advanced dining you don't even need any advanced dining you don't even need any advanced dining reservations at one of the Disney World reservations at one of the Disney World reservations at one of the Disney World restaurants to make it happen. Of restaurants to make it happen. Of restaurants to make it happen. Of course, you're going to take advantage course, you're going to take advantage course, you're going to take advantage of that. Hold on just a second. You're of that. Hold on just a second. You're of that. Hold on just a second. You're not going to be allowed to get in line not going to be allowed to get in line not going to be allowed to get in line for that royal gathering experience if for that royal gathering experience if for that royal gathering experience if you don't book those complimentary you don't book those complimentary you don't book those complimentary tickets ahead of time through the Disney tickets ahead of time through the Disney tickets ahead of time through the Disney Cruise website or Navigator app. Yep. Cruise website or Navigator app. Yep. Cruise website or Navigator app. Yep. While this experience is free and anyone While this experience is free and anyone While this experience is free and anyone can go, you still need to secure your can go, you still need to secure your can go, you still need to secure your meet and greet tickets in order to see meet and greet tickets in order to see meet and greet tickets in order to see these gals, which go live 30 days prior these gals, which go live 30 days prior these gals, which go live 30 days prior to sailing. Warning, these tickets book to sailing. Warning, these tickets book to sailing. Warning, these tickets book up fast. They're free after all. So mark up fast. They're free after all. So mark up fast. They're free after all. So mark on your calendar and set your alarms for on your calendar and set your alarms for on your calendar and set your alarms for the day you know they'll be available. the day you know they'll be available. the day you know they'll be available. Then when the clock strikes midnight, Then when the clock strikes midnight, Then when the clock strikes midnight, jump onto the DCL website or app to jump onto the DCL website or app to jump onto the DCL website or app to secure your spot in line before everyone secure your spot in line before everyone secure your spot in line before everyone else swipes them up from underneath you. else swipes them up from underneath you. else swipes them up from underneath you. Another meet and greet experience which Another meet and greet experience which Another meet and greet experience which just started up on the Disney Destiny just started up on the Disney Destiny just started up on the Disney Destiny that I want to turn your attention to is that I want to turn your attention to is that I want to turn your attention to is Dr. Facilia, the villain from Princess Dr. Facilia, the villain from Princess Dr. Facilia, the villain from Princess and the Frog. Now stay with me. This is and the Frog. Now stay with me. This is and the Frog. Now stay with me. This is cool and creepy and again totally free, cool and creepy and again totally free, cool and creepy and again totally free, but you won't need any advanced tickets but you won't need any advanced tickets but you won't need any advanced tickets to experience this one. You just need to to experience this one. You just need to to experience this one. You just need to know that it exists in the first place know that it exists in the first place know that it exists in the first place because a lot of new cruisers are going because a lot of new cruisers are going because a lot of new cruisers are going to look this one over. Tucked away in a to look this one over. Tucked away in a to look this one over. Tucked away in a secret spot on the Disney Destiny is Dr. secret spot on the Disney Destiny is Dr. secret spot on the Disney Destiny is Dr. Facilia's parlor. If you're struggling Facilia's parlor. If you're struggling Facilia's parlor. If you're struggling to find it, you're not alone. Our to find it, you're not alone. Our to find it, you're not alone. Our reporting team struggled too and had to reporting team struggled too and had to reporting team struggled too and had to ask a nearby cast member for help, which ask a nearby cast member for help, which ask a nearby cast member for help, which you should do, too, if you need to be you should do, too, if you need to be you should do, too, if you need to be pointed in the right direction, like pointed in the right direction, like pointed in the right direction, like ever. The parlor only takes very small ever. The parlor only takes very small ever. The parlor only takes very small groups into the room at a time, like groups into the room at a time, like groups into the room at a time, like around 10 people. And once you're in the around 10 people. And once you're in the around 10 people. And once you're in the parlor, Dr. Facilia will do some uplose parlor, Dr. Facilia will do some uplose parlor, Dr. Facilia will do some uplose parlor tricks and a 10-minute parlor tricks and a 10-minute parlor tricks and a 10-minute presentation that'll make you feel like presentation that'll make you feel like presentation that'll make you feel like you're really conversing with the shadow you're really conversing with the shadow you're really conversing with the shadow man. Like, don't make any deals that'll man. Like, don't make any deals that'll man. Like, don't make any deals that'll put you in a bind with his friends on put you in a bind with his friends on put you in a bind with his friends on the other side. Rumor has it those sorts the other side. Rumor has it those sorts the other side. Rumor has it those sorts of deals never turn out well. Now, call of deals never turn out well. Now, call of deals never turn out well. Now, call me dramatic, but I rarely travel me dramatic, but I rarely travel me dramatic, but I rarely travel anywhere without my Kindle nearby anywhere without my Kindle nearby anywhere without my Kindle nearby anymore. And if for some reason I forget anymore. And if for some reason I forget anymore. And if for some reason I forget to pack my Kindle before my time out at to pack my Kindle before my time out at to pack my Kindle before my time out at sea, well, there goes my dreamy sea, well, there goes my dreamy sea, well, there goes my dreamy afternoon sitting on the adults only afternoon sitting on the adults only afternoon sitting on the adults only deck with a cocktail in hand reading my deck with a cocktail in hand reading my deck with a cocktail in hand reading my latest historical romance novel. And I latest historical romance novel. And I latest historical romance novel. And I know I'm not the only one who feels that know I'm not the only one who feels that know I'm not the only one who feels that way. Many of you have told me that you way. Many of you have told me that you way. Many of you have told me that you like to use the Libby app to download like to use the Libby app to download like to use the Libby app to download books from your local library for free books from your local library for free books from your local library for free before you set sail. Note, if you want before you set sail. Note, if you want before you set sail. Note, if you want to do this too, you will need a library to do this too, you will need a library to do this too, you will need a library card as well as Wi-Fi connectivity or card as well as Wi-Fi connectivity or card as well as Wi-Fi connectivity or data in order to initially download data in order to initially download data in order to initially download those books. But once they're those books. But once they're those books. But once they're downloaded, you'll be able to access downloaded, you'll be able to access downloaded, you'll be able to access them even once you're offline. So don't them even once you're offline. So don't them even once you're offline. So don't miss out on a prime opportunity to catch miss out on a prime opportunity to catch miss out on a prime opportunity to catch up on your latest sci-fi or romcom or up on your latest sci-fi or romcom or up on your latest sci-fi or romcom or thriller or I don't know, Disney adults thriller or I don't know, Disney adults thriller or I don't know, Disney adults book perhaps. I don't know. I used to book perhaps. I don't know. I used to book perhaps. I don't know. I used to travel with like 12 books and now I just travel with like 12 books and now I just travel with like 12 books and now I just have my Kindle and it is beautiful. have my Kindle and it is beautiful. have my Kindle and it is beautiful. Booking a Disney cruise is similar to Booking a Disney cruise is similar to Booking a Disney cruise is similar to booking a flight, at least price-wise. booking a flight, at least price-wise. booking a flight, at least price-wise. Sometimes waiting to book a Disney Sometimes waiting to book a Disney Sometimes waiting to book a Disney cruise until a deal appears or the cruise until a deal appears or the cruise until a deal appears or the prices dip down may play in your favor. prices dip down may play in your favor. prices dip down may play in your favor. But more often than not, the longer you But more often than not, the longer you But more often than not, the longer you wait to book your cruise, the higher the wait to book your cruise, the higher the wait to book your cruise, the higher the price for it gets, especially when you price for it gets, especially when you price for it gets, especially when you consider that the more affordable consider that the more affordable consider that the more affordable stateaterooms tend to be the ones that stateaterooms tend to be the ones that stateaterooms tend to be the ones that book up first, leaving you with the book up first, leaving you with the book up first, leaving you with the really expensive ones as the leftover really expensive ones as the leftover really expensive ones as the leftover options. As cruising is becoming a more options. As cruising is becoming a more options. As cruising is becoming a more popular choice for family vacations, popular choice for family vacations, popular choice for family vacations, demand is going up for DCL, and Disney demand is going up for DCL, and Disney demand is going up for DCL, and Disney knows that. So, it's very likely that knows that. So, it's very likely that knows that. So, it's very likely that the cheapest prices you'll see for the cheapest prices you'll see for the cheapest prices you'll see for cruises are usually right when the cruises are usually right when the cruises are usually right when the itineraries are dropped, not months itineraries are dropped, not months itineraries are dropped, not months later. And if you wait too long to book later. And if you wait too long to book later. And if you wait too long to book your cruise, you might also miss out on your cruise, you might also miss out on your cruise, you might also miss out on that prime opportunity to book premium that prime opportunity to book premium that prime opportunity to book premium cruise activities like specialty dining cruise activities like specialty dining cruise activities like specialty dining or excursions. For the first time or excursions. For the first time or excursions. For the first time cruisers, activity bookings open up 75 cruisers, activity bookings open up 75 cruisers, activity bookings open up 75 days before you get on the ship. And for days before you get on the ship. And for days before you get on the ship. And for returning cruisers, they open up even returning cruisers, they open up even returning cruisers, they open up even earlier than that, depending on [music] earlier than that, depending on [music] earlier than that, depending on [music] your Castaway Club member status. your Castaway Club member status. your Castaway Club member status. Basically, the more you cruise, the Basically, the more you cruise, the Basically, the more you cruise, the earlier you'll be able to book those earlier you'll be able to book those earlier you'll be able to book those activities. [music] activities. [music] activities. [music] But if you're wanting to book something But if you're wanting to book something But if you're wanting to book something like a cocktail seminar or a cabana at like a cocktail seminar or a cabana at like a cocktail seminar or a cabana at Lookout Key or brunch at one of the Lookout Key or brunch at one of the Lookout Key or brunch at one of the adults only restaurants, very, very adults only restaurants, very, very adults only restaurants, very, very rarely will you be able to book those rarely will you be able to book those rarely will you be able to book those last minute. It's not unheard of, but last minute. It's not unheard of, but last minute. It's not unheard of, but it's not something I'd gamble with. If it's not something I'd gamble with. If it's not something I'd gamble with. If you're aiming for a specific ship or you're aiming for a specific ship or you're aiming for a specific ship or date or room category, waiting will cost date or room category, waiting will cost date or room category, waiting will cost you either in dollars or experience. But you either in dollars or experience. But you either in dollars or experience. But I found that the best way to book a I found that the best way to book a I found that the best way to book a Disney cruise and know you're getting Disney cruise and know you're getting Disney cruise and know you're getting the best deal is to use a travel agent the best deal is to use a travel agent the best deal is to use a travel agent who specializes in booking Disney who specializes in booking Disney who specializes in booking Disney vacations. We've got buddies over at vacations. We've got buddies over at vacations. We've got buddies over at Small World Vacations. I just met them Small World Vacations. I just met them Small World Vacations. I just met them all at one of their conferences and they all at one of their conferences and they all at one of their conferences and they are incredible. Their services are 100% are incredible. Their services are 100% are incredible. Their services are 100% free for you and can help you book your free for you and can help you book your free for you and can help you book your Disney cruise as well as arrange special Disney cruise as well as arrange special Disney cruise as well as arrange special accommodations that you might need on accommodations that you might need on accommodations that you might need on board the ship. board the ship. board the ship. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; They can find cruise line deals that you &gt;&gt; They can find cruise line deals that you &gt;&gt; They can find cruise line deals that you might have overlooked and discuss your might have overlooked and discuss your might have overlooked and discuss your travel insurance options with you, too, travel insurance options with you, too, travel insurance options with you, too, so you feel confident in whatever so you feel confident in whatever so you feel confident in whatever decision you make. I'll go ahead and decision you make. I'll go ahead and decision you make. I'll go ahead and link Small World Vacations information link Small World Vacations information link Small World Vacations information down below just in case you want to ask down below just in case you want to ask down below just in case you want to ask them for a quote. Is a Disney cruise them for a quote. Is a Disney cruise them for a quote. Is a Disney cruise ever going to be shoulder-to-shoulder ever going to be shoulder-to-shoulder ever going to be shoulder-to-shoulder packed like a Disney theme park? packed like a Disney theme park? packed like a Disney theme park? Not likely, but it can absolutely get Not likely, but it can absolutely get Not likely, but it can absolutely get busy. Certain times of the year will be busy. Certain times of the year will be busy. Certain times of the year will be bonkers busy for Disney Cruise Line. And bonkers busy for Disney Cruise Line. And bonkers busy for Disney Cruise Line. And the busiest port of them all is going to the busiest port of them all is going to the busiest port of them all is going to be the ever popular Port Canaveral in be the ever popular Port Canaveral in be the ever popular Port Canaveral in Florida, where a good chunk of the Florida, where a good chunk of the Florida, where a good chunk of the Disney ships set sail from. We tend to Disney ships set sail from. We tend to Disney ships set sail from. We tend to see Disney cruises, especially out of see Disney cruises, especially out of see Disney cruises, especially out of Port Canaveral, get to be at their Port Canaveral, get to be at their Port Canaveral, get to be at their all-time busiest during three time all-time busiest during three time all-time busiest during three time frames. The weeks before, during, and frames. The weeks before, during, and frames. The weeks before, during, and after Christmas, June through early after Christmas, June through early after Christmas, June through early August, those peak summer vacation August, those peak summer vacation August, those peak summer vacation dates, and mid-Marchch to midappril dates, and mid-Marchch to midappril dates, and mid-Marchch to midappril because of the spring break crowd. Is because of the spring break crowd. Is because of the spring break crowd. Is this me telling you not to sail during this me telling you not to sail during this me telling you not to sail during those times? No, it's me telling you to those times? No, it's me telling you to those times? No, it's me telling you to be prepared for potentially bigger be prepared for potentially bigger be prepared for potentially bigger crowds by planning ahead. First off, crowds by planning ahead. First off, crowds by planning ahead. First off, much like I mentioned in the point much like I mentioned in the point much like I mentioned in the point before this one, book early. If you before this one, book early. If you before this one, book early. If you absolutely know you'll be traveling in absolutely know you'll be traveling in absolutely know you'll be traveling in the future during one of these peak the future during one of these peak the future during one of these peak cruising seasons, lock in your cruising seasons, lock in your cruising seasons, lock in your stateateroom even a year out. Locking in stateateroom even a year out. Locking in stateateroom even a year out. Locking in your stateateroom even a year out is your stateateroom even a year out is your stateateroom even a year out is going to be super beneficial because, going to be super beneficial because, going to be super beneficial because, not to sound like a broken record, but not to sound like a broken record, but not to sound like a broken record, but those cheaper stateaterooms are going to those cheaper stateaterooms are going to those cheaper stateaterooms are going to book up the fastest. Also, get used to book up the fastest. Also, get used to book up the fastest. Also, get used to the idea of being an early bird. I'm the idea of being an early bird. I'm the idea of being an early bird. I'm really speaking to myself on this one really speaking to myself on this one really speaking to myself on this one because I'm naturally a night owl. because I'm naturally a night owl. because I'm naturally a night owl. Always have been. There's a good chance Always have been. There's a good chance Always have been. There's a good chance I'm probably recording this script at 10 I'm probably recording this script at 10 I'm probably recording this script at 10 or 11:00 p.m. right now while everyone or 11:00 p.m. right now while everyone or 11:00 p.m. right now while everyone else in the house is asleep. But on a else in the house is asleep. But on a else in the house is asleep. But on a Disney cruise, I try to become an early Disney cruise, I try to become an early Disney cruise, I try to become an early bird impostor just because I know the bird impostor just because I know the bird impostor just because I know the early mornings on a Disney cruise are early mornings on a Disney cruise are early mornings on a Disney cruise are when you're going to find the pools less when you're going to find the pools less when you're going to find the pools less crowded and the water slides and crowded and the water slides and crowded and the water slides and coasters to have shorter lines. Can't coasters to have shorter lines. Can't coasters to have shorter lines. Can't really say the same thing about the really say the same thing about the really say the same thing about the Disney cruise food halls since those get Disney cruise food halls since those get Disney cruise food halls since those get packed during breakfast time. But that's packed during breakfast time. But that's packed during breakfast time. But that's why I prefer to just get room service why I prefer to just get room service why I prefer to just get room service breakfast since room service is free on breakfast since room service is free on breakfast since room service is free on board the ships. And I get to avoid the board the ships. And I get to avoid the board the ships. And I get to avoid the morning food rush while chowing down on morning food rush while chowing down on morning food rush while chowing down on the things I would have filled my plate the things I would have filled my plate the things I would have filled my plate up with anyways. And hey, even if you're up with anyways. And hey, even if you're up with anyways. And hey, even if you're not going to book any premium activities not going to book any premium activities not going to book any premium activities for when you're on the ship or while for when you're on the ship or while for when you're on the ship or while you're at one of the ports, it's still a you're at one of the ports, it's still a you're at one of the ports, it's still a good idea to have a flexible itinerary good idea to have a flexible itinerary good idea to have a flexible itinerary jotted down so that you know which jotted down so that you know which jotted down so that you know which things you want to prioritize and how things you want to prioritize and how things you want to prioritize and how you specifically want to spend your day you specifically want to spend your day you specifically want to spend your day off the ship. When it comes to things off the ship. When it comes to things off the ship. When it comes to things like rotational dining and the Broadway like rotational dining and the Broadway like rotational dining and the Broadway style stage shows, don't sweat it. style stage shows, don't sweat it. style stage shows, don't sweat it. Disney prepares for those crowds, which Disney prepares for those crowds, which Disney prepares for those crowds, which is why you'll receive a rotational is why you'll receive a rotational is why you'll receive a rotational dining schedule at the start of your dining schedule at the start of your dining schedule at the start of your trip via your Disney Cruise Navigator trip via your Disney Cruise Navigator trip via your Disney Cruise Navigator app. It'll show you which restaurants app. It'll show you which restaurants app. It'll show you which restaurants you'll be eating at each night and what you'll be eating at each night and what you'll be eating at each night and what time slot your meal takes place during. time slot your meal takes place during. time slot your meal takes place during. This schedule helps guarantee that This schedule helps guarantee that This schedule helps guarantee that everyone can see every rotational everyone can see every rotational everyone can see every rotational restaurant during the duration of their restaurant during the duration of their restaurant during the duration of their cruise. And because of these two cruise. And because of these two cruise. And because of these two different meal times, the Broadway style different meal times, the Broadway style different meal times, the Broadway style shows will also play twice each night to shows will also play twice each night to shows will also play twice each night to accommodate whatever your dining accommodate whatever your dining accommodate whatever your dining schedule might look like. So, everyone schedule might look like. So, everyone schedule might look like. So, everyone wins. If for some reason you want to wins. If for some reason you want to wins. If for some reason you want to switch up your rotational dining switch up your rotational dining switch up your rotational dining schedule, either by switching out which schedule, either by switching out which schedule, either by switching out which dining room you're at on which night or dining room you're at on which night or dining room you're at on which night or by trying to get a different dining time by trying to get a different dining time by trying to get a different dining time slot, make sure to ask about it over at slot, make sure to ask about it over at slot, make sure to ask about it over at guest services as soon as you get on the guest services as soon as you get on the guest services as soon as you get on the ship. For the most part, switching up ship. For the most part, switching up ship. For the most part, switching up your meal lineup shouldn't be too big of your meal lineup shouldn't be too big of your meal lineup shouldn't be too big of a deal. But once the ship sets off, your a deal. But once the ship sets off, your a deal. But once the ship sets off, your schedule is set. So, how do payments schedule is set. So, how do payments schedule is set. So, how do payments work on a Disney cruise? Is it really work on a Disney cruise? Is it really work on a Disney cruise? Is it really completely cashless once you're on completely cashless once you're on completely cashless once you're on board? Well, yep, pretty much. But then board? Well, yep, pretty much. But then board? Well, yep, pretty much. But then again, you really don't have to use your again, you really don't have to use your again, you really don't have to use your credit card once you're on the ship credit card once you're on the ship credit card once you're on the ship either. When you're there, all of your either. When you're there, all of your either. When you're there, all of your onboard purchases, as well as any of the onboard purchases, as well as any of the onboard purchases, as well as any of the purchases you make at Castaway Key or purchases you make at Castaway Key or purchases you make at Castaway Key or Lookout Key at Lighthouse [music] Point, Lookout Key at Lighthouse [music] Point, Lookout Key at Lighthouse [music] Point, will be charged to your stateroom folio, will be charged to your stateroom folio, will be charged to your stateroom folio, your onboard bill. When you go to your onboard bill. When you go to your onboard bill. When you go to complete your online check-in, you'll be complete your online check-in, you'll be complete your online check-in, you'll be able to choose your preferred payment able to choose your preferred payment able to choose your preferred payment method that your Folio will be linked method that your Folio will be linked method that your Folio will be linked to. [music] Credit, debit, cash, or to. [music] Credit, debit, cash, or to. [music] Credit, debit, cash, or Disney gift card. Once you've got that Disney gift card. Once you've got that Disney gift card. Once you've got that payment linked, you'll just charge any payment linked, you'll just charge any payment linked, you'll just charge any additional purchases, whether that be additional purchases, whether that be additional purchases, whether that be souvenirs, specialty drinks, or souvenirs, specialty drinks, or souvenirs, specialty drinks, or whatever, straight to your room whatever, straight to your room whatever, straight to your room throughout the duration of the cruise. throughout the duration of the cruise. throughout the duration of the cruise. Now, how are you supposed to link cash Now, how are you supposed to link cash Now, how are you supposed to link cash online? You don't. According to the online? You don't. According to the online? You don't. According to the Disney website, if you choose to pay Disney website, if you choose to pay Disney website, if you choose to pay your onboard account with cash, once your onboard account with cash, once your onboard account with cash, once your account reaches $300, guest your account reaches $300, guest your account reaches $300, guest services will send a notification for services will send a notification for services will send a notification for you to visit the desk and cover that you to visit the desk and cover that you to visit the desk and cover that balance. Otherwise, on the last morning balance. Otherwise, on the last morning balance. Otherwise, on the last morning of your cruise, you'll need to visit of your cruise, you'll need to visit of your cruise, you'll need to visit guest services by 7 a.m. to pay any guest services by 7 a.m. to pay any guest services by 7 a.m. to pay any remaining balance. Even if you don't use remaining balance. Even if you don't use remaining balance. Even if you don't use cash to pay off your stateateroom folio, cash to pay off your stateateroom folio, cash to pay off your stateateroom folio, it's still a good idea to keep cash on it's still a good idea to keep cash on it's still a good idea to keep cash on you while you're out at sea. For you while you're out at sea. For you while you're out at sea. For starters, you'll want to have cash on starters, you'll want to have cash on starters, you'll want to have cash on hand for gratuitities. Most of these are hand for gratuitities. Most of these are hand for gratuitities. Most of these are going to be prepaid ahead of time on the going to be prepaid ahead of time on the going to be prepaid ahead of time on the Disney Cruise website or navigator app Disney Cruise website or navigator app Disney Cruise website or navigator app by clicking on the My Reservations by clicking on the My Reservations by clicking on the My Reservations section and following the gratuitities section and following the gratuitities section and following the gratuitities prompts. Disney recommends a gratuitity prompts. Disney recommends a gratuitity prompts. Disney recommends a gratuitity amount of 1450 per night per guest for amount of 1450 per night per guest for amount of 1450 per night per guest for non-concierge reservations and 2350 per non-concierge reservations and 2350 per non-concierge reservations and 2350 per night per guest for concierge night per guest for concierge night per guest for concierge reservations. These gratuitities will be reservations. These gratuitities will be reservations. These gratuitities will be split between four different crew member split between four different crew member split between four different crew member roles. Your dining room server, dining roles. Your dining room server, dining roles. Your dining room server, dining room assistant server, dining room head room assistant server, dining room head room assistant server, dining room head server, and stateateroom [music] host. server, and stateateroom [music] host. server, and stateateroom [music] host. If you forget to add a gratuitity amount If you forget to add a gratuitity amount If you forget to add a gratuitity amount before your trip, no worries. Disney before your trip, no worries. Disney before your trip, no worries. Disney will default to the gratuitity amount will default to the gratuitity amount will default to the gratuitity amount they recommend. But if you want to they recommend. But if you want to they recommend. But if you want to change that amount once you're on board, change that amount once you're on board, change that amount once you're on board, you can still do that by swinging by you can still do that by swinging by you can still do that by swinging by guest services and asking them to help guest services and asking them to help guest services and asking them to help you make those adjustments. But keep in you make those adjustments. But keep in you make those adjustments. But keep in mind that those prepaid gratuitities do mind that those prepaid gratuitities do mind that those prepaid gratuitities do not cover other crew members like room not cover other crew members like room not cover other crew members like room service, adult exclusive dining servers, service, adult exclusive dining servers, service, adult exclusive dining servers, port adventures crew members, census spa port adventures crew members, census spa port adventures crew members, census spa and salon crew members, and the and salon crew members, and the and salon crew members, and the concierge lounge team. So, if you're concierge lounge team. So, if you're concierge lounge team. So, if you're going to be taking part in any of those going to be taking part in any of those going to be taking part in any of those extra activities, it's a good idea to extra activities, it's a good idea to extra activities, it's a good idea to keep some extra cash handy or plan on keep some extra cash handy or plan on keep some extra cash handy or plan on having those additional gratuitities having those additional gratuitities having those additional gratuitities charged [music] to your onboard account. charged [music] to your onboard account. charged [music] to your onboard account. Cash is also good to have at the Cash is also good to have at the Cash is also good to have at the overseas ports that aren't part of overseas ports that aren't part of overseas ports that aren't part of Disney's private island destinations. Disney's private island destinations. Disney's private island destinations. After all, you're not just going to be After all, you're not just going to be After all, you're not just going to be able to make charges to your room for able to make charges to your room for able to make charges to your room for souvenirs and goodies when you're in a souvenirs and goodies when you're in a souvenirs and goodies when you're in a city somewhere in, say, the Caribbean or city somewhere in, say, the Caribbean or city somewhere in, say, the Caribbean or Europe or whatever that's not owned and Europe or whatever that's not owned and Europe or whatever that's not owned and operated by Disney. O, this is a big operated by Disney. O, this is a big operated by Disney. O, this is a big one. I've definitely felt the hit of one. I've definitely felt the hit of one. I've definitely felt the hit of this mistake before, and it's smarts. this mistake before, and it's smarts. this mistake before, and it's smarts. Whenever you book a Disney cruise, Whenever you book a Disney cruise, Whenever you book a Disney cruise, you'll have to put down a deposit. Good you'll have to put down a deposit. Good you'll have to put down a deposit. Good news, that deposit price is way less news, that deposit price is way less news, that deposit price is way less than it used to be. Before June 18th, than it used to be. Before June 18th, than it used to be. Before June 18th, Fair, but now you only have to pay 10% Fair, but now you only have to pay 10% Fair, but now you only have to pay 10% initially. In many cases, you can get initially. In many cases, you can get initially. In many cases, you can get that deposit back if your plans change. that deposit back if your plans change. that deposit back if your plans change. Easy peasy. According to the Disney Easy peasy. According to the Disney Easy peasy. According to the Disney website, for sailings that are five website, for sailings that are five website, for sailings that are five nights or less, your deposit will be nights or less, your deposit will be nights or less, your deposit will be refunded if you cancel at least 90 days refunded if you cancel at least 90 days refunded if you cancel at least 90 days before the vacation commencement date. before the vacation commencement date. before the vacation commencement date. For sailings of six nights or more, you For sailings of six nights or more, you For sailings of six nights or more, you must cancel at least 120 days prior to must cancel at least 120 days prior to must cancel at least 120 days prior to the vacation commencement date to the vacation commencement date to the vacation commencement date to [music] receive a refund on your [music] receive a refund on your [music] receive a refund on your deposit. But when it comes to suites and deposit. But when it comes to suites and deposit. But when it comes to suites and concierge stateroom reservations, the concierge stateroom reservations, the concierge stateroom reservations, the deposit is non-refundable. So, let's say deposit is non-refundable. So, let's say deposit is non-refundable. So, let's say you get excited about the idea of you get excited about the idea of you get excited about the idea of sailing concierge to book those advanced sailing concierge to book those advanced sailing concierge to book those advanced activities, a private lounge area, activities, a private lounge area, activities, a private lounge area, personal concierge team, extra services personal concierge team, extra services personal concierge team, extra services that can make your cruise even more that can make your cruise even more that can make your cruise even more relaxing, but then later on you decide relaxing, but then later on you decide relaxing, but then later on you decide you don't really need all the extra you don't really need all the extra you don't really need all the extra stuff. If you don't cancel your cruise stuff. If you don't cancel your cruise stuff. If you don't cancel your cruise entirely, but you just want to entirely, but you just want to entirely, but you just want to downgrade, do you lose your concierge downgrade, do you lose your concierge downgrade, do you lose your concierge deposit? Unfortunately, yes. [music] deposit? Unfortunately, yes. [music] deposit? Unfortunately, yes. [music] If you've already bit the bullet and If you've already bit the bullet and If you've already bit the bullet and made a deposit for a concierge made a deposit for a concierge made a deposit for a concierge stateateroom, you cannot downgrade it to stateateroom, you cannot downgrade it to stateateroom, you cannot downgrade it to a regular stateateroom after that a regular stateateroom after that a regular stateateroom after that without completely forfeiting that without completely forfeiting that without completely forfeiting that deposit. The deposit is due within 24 deposit. The deposit is due within 24 deposit. The deposit is due within 24 hours of booking your reservation. So, hours of booking your reservation. So, hours of booking your reservation. So, you need to make super sure that this is you need to make super sure that this is you need to make super sure that this is the route you want to go before you book the route you want to go before you book the route you want to go before you book this room type. If you want to upgrade this room type. If you want to upgrade this room type. If you want to upgrade your stateateroom after booking a lower your stateateroom after booking a lower your stateateroom after booking a lower level stateateroom, that's totally fine, level stateateroom, that's totally fine, level stateateroom, that's totally fine, just as long as those higher level rooms just as long as those higher level rooms just as long as those higher level rooms are still available. Disney's never are still available. Disney's never are still available. Disney's never going to punish you for wanting to pay going to punish you for wanting to pay going to punish you for wanting to pay more. But do keep in mind that you will more. But do keep in mind that you will more. But do keep in mind that you will still have to pay the difference between still have to pay the difference between still have to pay the difference between the two room prices upon switching. More the two room prices upon switching. More the two room prices upon switching. More importantly, make sure you always, importantly, make sure you always, importantly, make sure you always, always, always read the fine print always, always read the fine print always, always read the fine print before booking literally anything. I'm before booking literally anything. I'm before booking literally anything. I'm talking not just stateaterooms, but talking not just stateaterooms, but talking not just stateaterooms, but fancy dinners and excursions and spa fancy dinners and excursions and spa fancy dinners and excursions and spa services, [music] anything. Cuz the fine services, [music] anything. Cuz the fine services, [music] anything. Cuz the fine print is where you're going to learn print is where you're going to learn print is where you're going to learn about all these nuanced cancellation about all these nuanced cancellation about all these nuanced cancellation policies and fees that may not otherwise policies and fees that may not otherwise policies and fees that may not otherwise be overly promoted in large print on be overly promoted in large print on be overly promoted in large print on [music] the website. Now, I don't know [music] the website. Now, I don't know [music] the website. Now, I don't know if you can tell, but I am just super if you can tell, but I am just super if you can tell, but I am just super excited over what's going on at the excited over what's going on at the excited over what's going on at the Disney Cruise Line scene recently. And Disney Cruise Line scene recently. And Disney Cruise Line scene recently. And I'm hoping you feel the same way, too. I'm hoping you feel the same way, too. I'm hoping you feel the same way, too. Because if you do, then you're going to Because if you do, then you're going to Because if you do, then you're going to love our other cruise line videos, like love our other cruise line videos, like love our other cruise line videos, like our first cruise aboard the Disney our first cruise aboard the Disney our first cruise aboard the Disney Destiny and the Disney Cruise Line Destiny and the Disney Cruise Line Destiny and the Disney Cruise Line tricks that work every time. Oh, and tricks that work every time. Oh, and tricks that work every time. Oh, and don't forget to download our free Disney don't forget to download our free Disney don't forget to download our free Disney Cruise Line Ultimate Guide [music] if Cruise Line Ultimate Guide [music] if Cruise Line Ultimate Guide [music] if you haven't already over at you haven't already over at you haven't already over at disneyfoodblog.com/cruise disneyfoodblog.com/cruise disneyfoodblog.com/cruise planning. If this tells you anything planning. If this tells you anything planning. If this tells you anything about it, I even referenced that guide about it, I even referenced that guide about it, I even referenced that guide while working on today's video and it while working on today's video and it while working on today's video and it helped a ton. Thanks for listening helped a ton. Thanks for listening helped a ton. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As everyone and thanks for watching. As everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real soon.
