---
video_id: 5FLw1S3ZKC4
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Disney World's BEST Desserts"
published: 2025-12-29
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FLw1S3ZKC4
---
Calling all sweet tooths sweet teeth. Calling all sweet tooths sweet teeth. Calling all sweet tooths sweet teeth. Today's video is all about the best Today's video is all about the best Today's video is all about the best dessert in Disney World and where you dessert in Disney World and where you dessert in Disney World and where you can track it down. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Vlog and today's video is dessert. What Vlog and today's video is dessert. What Vlog and today's video is dessert. What kind of desserts? The best Disney World kind of desserts? The best Disney World kind of desserts? The best Disney World desserts, of course. From ice cream to desserts, of course. From ice cream to desserts, of course. From ice cream to cake to pie to the highly eclectic stuff cake to pie to the highly eclectic stuff cake to pie to the highly eclectic stuff that you're not going to find anywhere that you're not going to find anywhere that you're not going to find anywhere else. Let's dig in. All right, we've got else. Let's dig in. All right, we've got else. Let's dig in. All right, we've got some shiny new sweet options that I want some shiny new sweet options that I want some shiny new sweet options that I want to shout out first today because they've to shout out first today because they've to shout out first today because they've quickly won us over, though they haven't quickly won us over, though they haven't quickly won us over, though they haven't been around all that long. Starting with been around all that long. Starting with been around all that long. Starting with the seasonal cheesecake pops that have the seasonal cheesecake pops that have the seasonal cheesecake pops that have been popping up at Flame Tree Barbecue been popping up at Flame Tree Barbecue been popping up at Flame Tree Barbecue in Animal Kingdom. At first, we were in Animal Kingdom. At first, we were in Animal Kingdom. At first, we were just excited to see another iteration of just excited to see another iteration of just excited to see another iteration of the key lime pie pop join the Flame Tree the key lime pie pop join the Flame Tree the key lime pie pop join the Flame Tree menu just this past summer, but the key menu just this past summer, but the key menu just this past summer, but the key lime pie pop was only the beginning, lime pie pop was only the beginning, lime pie pop was only the beginning, apparently. Since then, we've seen apparently. Since then, we've seen apparently. Since then, we've seen rotating flavors depending on the rotating flavors depending on the rotating flavors depending on the season, featuring other limited time season, featuring other limited time season, featuring other limited time options like the pumpkin cheesecake pop options like the pumpkin cheesecake pop options like the pumpkin cheesecake pop for the fall and the cranberry cherry for the fall and the cranberry cherry for the fall and the cranberry cherry cheesecake pop for the holidays, which cheesecake pop for the holidays, which cheesecake pop for the holidays, which is probably our favorite, honestly. And is probably our favorite, honestly. And is probably our favorite, honestly. And if this trend keeps on keeping on, we if this trend keeps on keeping on, we if this trend keeps on keeping on, we are going to be very, very happy are going to be very, very happy are going to be very, very happy campers. Now, Disney World has had a lot campers. Now, Disney World has had a lot campers. Now, Disney World has had a lot of fun decking out their Mickey premium of fun decking out their Mickey premium of fun decking out their Mickey premium ice cream bars lately with drizzles and ice cream bars lately with drizzles and ice cream bars lately with drizzles and sprinkles and stuff. So, if you're sprinkles and stuff. So, if you're sprinkles and stuff. So, if you're looking to add a little more razledazzle looking to add a little more razledazzle looking to add a little more razledazzle to your otherwise average Joe Mickey ice to your otherwise average Joe Mickey ice to your otherwise average Joe Mickey ice cream, be sure to check out snack cream, be sure to check out snack cream, be sure to check out snack locations like a Nandpur ice cream truck locations like a Nandpur ice cream truck locations like a Nandpur ice cream truck at Animal Kingdom, Anti-gravity's at Animal Kingdom, Anti-gravity's at Animal Kingdom, Anti-gravity's Galactic Goodies and Magic Kingdom, Ice Galactic Goodies and Magic Kingdom, Ice Galactic Goodies and Magic Kingdom, Ice Cold Hydraulics in Hollywood Studios, Cold Hydraulics in Hollywood Studios, Cold Hydraulics in Hollywood Studios, Happy Landings Ice Cream at Typhoon Happy Landings Ice Cream at Typhoon Happy Landings Ice Cream at Typhoon Lagoon, Trails End Restaurant at Fort Lagoon, Trails End Restaurant at Fort Lagoon, Trails End Restaurant at Fort Wilderness Resort, Gasp Barilla Island Wilderness Resort, Gasp Barilla Island Wilderness Resort, Gasp Barilla Island Grill in Grand Fian Resort and Spa, Grill in Grand Fian Resort and Spa, Grill in Grand Fian Resort and Spa, Centertown Market at Caribbean Beach, Centertown Market at Caribbean Beach, Centertown Market at Caribbean Beach, Riverside Mill at Port Orleans Riverside Mill at Port Orleans Riverside Mill at Port Orleans Riverside, and any of the Value Resort Riverside, and any of the Value Resort Riverside, and any of the Value Resort food courts, too. Want a bit more food courts, too. Want a bit more food courts, too. Want a bit more creative freedom when it comes to what creative freedom when it comes to what creative freedom when it comes to what toppings you get on your Mickey Premium toppings you get on your Mickey Premium toppings you get on your Mickey Premium bar? Then hit up Goofy's Candy Company bar? Then hit up Goofy's Candy Company bar? Then hit up Goofy's Candy Company in Disney Springs, where you've got the in Disney Springs, where you've got the in Disney Springs, where you've got the option to create your own Mickey ice option to create your own Mickey ice option to create your own Mickey ice cream bar right now. All you need to do cream bar right now. All you need to do cream bar right now. All you need to do is fill out a form once you're in the is fill out a form once you're in the is fill out a form once you're in the shop and mark off what drizzle and shop and mark off what drizzle and shop and mark off what drizzle and sprinkles and additional toppings you sprinkles and additional toppings you sprinkles and additional toppings you want loaded up onto those chocolatey want loaded up onto those chocolatey want loaded up onto those chocolatey hard shell Mickey ears. You can even get hard shell Mickey ears. You can even get hard shell Mickey ears. You can even get one with six toppings, which is a little one with six toppings, which is a little one with six toppings, which is a little obscene, but it's fantastic. The obscene, but it's fantastic. The obscene, but it's fantastic. The chocolate peanut butter mousse pie cup chocolate peanut butter mousse pie cup chocolate peanut butter mousse pie cup has been my recent go-to inside cake has been my recent go-to inside cake has been my recent go-to inside cake bake shop at Boardwalk in Resort. This bake shop at Boardwalk in Resort. This bake shop at Boardwalk in Resort. This pie is made with a Calibo Belgian pie is made with a Calibo Belgian pie is made with a Calibo Belgian chocolate cookie crust filled with chocolate cookie crust filled with chocolate cookie crust filled with creamy peanut butter mousse. It's creamy peanut butter mousse. It's creamy peanut butter mousse. It's basically like peanut butter pie. It's basically like peanut butter pie. It's basically like peanut butter pie. It's more of a like a thick pie filling than more of a like a thick pie filling than more of a like a thick pie filling than a mousse, I would say. Then it's topped a mousse, I would say. Then it's topped a mousse, I would say. Then it's topped with a chocolate ganache and freshly with a chocolate ganache and freshly with a chocolate ganache and freshly roasted chopped peanuts. Of course, it's roasted chopped peanuts. Of course, it's roasted chopped peanuts. Of course, it's got a healthy sprinkling of edible gold got a healthy sprinkling of edible gold got a healthy sprinkling of edible gold glitter on top cuz this is cake bake glitter on top cuz this is cake bake glitter on top cuz this is cake bake we're talking about. Think of it like a we're talking about. Think of it like a we're talking about. Think of it like a ritzy Reese's peanut butter cup. It's ritzy Reese's peanut butter cup. It's ritzy Reese's peanut butter cup. It's gooey and soft without being a whole gooey and soft without being a whole gooey and soft without being a whole mess thanks to the cup it comes in that mess thanks to the cup it comes in that mess thanks to the cup it comes in that saves its integrity. Now, if you order saves its integrity. Now, if you order saves its integrity. Now, if you order this at the restaurant itself, you'll this at the restaurant itself, you'll this at the restaurant itself, you'll get it in an actual pie shape form. But get it in an actual pie shape form. But get it in an actual pie shape form. But if you order it in the bakery, it'll if you order it in the bakery, it'll if you order it in the bakery, it'll come in its own little single serve cup. come in its own little single serve cup. come in its own little single serve cup. Okay, another new one at a brand new Okay, another new one at a brand new Okay, another new one at a brand new restaurant on property over at the new restaurant on property over at the new restaurant on property over at the new Bourbon Steak by Michael Mina restaurant Bourbon Steak by Michael Mina restaurant Bourbon Steak by Michael Mina restaurant in the Swan and Dolphin Hotels on the in the Swan and Dolphin Hotels on the in the Swan and Dolphin Hotels on the Dolphin side. You can order warm beignes Dolphin side. You can order warm beignes Dolphin side. You can order warm beignes and dipping custards, which come with and dipping custards, which come with and dipping custards, which come with warm and fluffy powdered sugarcoed warm and fluffy powdered sugarcoed warm and fluffy powdered sugarcoed beignes, plus three different sauces to beignes, plus three different sauces to beignes, plus three different sauces to dip said beignes into, including dip said beignes into, including dip said beignes into, including Macallen 12-year butterscotch pudding. I Macallen 12-year butterscotch pudding. I Macallen 12-year butterscotch pudding. I know creme brulee with fresh raspberries know creme brulee with fresh raspberries know creme brulee with fresh raspberries and milk chocolate pota creme. Spoiler, and milk chocolate pota creme. Spoiler, and milk chocolate pota creme. Spoiler, the butterscotch is the best of the the butterscotch is the best of the the butterscotch is the best of the bunch, of course, but the bar was set bunch, of course, but the bar was set bunch, of course, but the bar was set pretty high by all of them. Now, my pretty high by all of them. Now, my pretty high by all of them. Now, my script writer, Bria, wants me to add script writer, Bria, wants me to add script writer, Bria, wants me to add this, though she's more of a moose this, though she's more of a moose this, though she's more of a moose dessert fan than I am, which I just now dessert fan than I am, which I just now dessert fan than I am, which I just now learned. Satuli Canteen over in Animal learned. Satuli Canteen over in Animal learned. Satuli Canteen over in Animal Kingdom recently introduced the Manguan Kingdom recently introduced the Manguan Kingdom recently introduced the Manguan Mousse, which is a cinnamon milk Mousse, which is a cinnamon milk Mousse, which is a cinnamon milk chocolate mousse, caramelized banana chocolate mousse, caramelized banana chocolate mousse, caramelized banana cake, banana sesame caramel, and cake, banana sesame caramel, and cake, banana sesame caramel, and chocolate sesame crumble. Think of it chocolate sesame crumble. Think of it chocolate sesame crumble. Think of it like a creme brulee of sorts, but in like a creme brulee of sorts, but in like a creme brulee of sorts, but in mousse form. Then, it has banana nut mousse form. Then, it has banana nut mousse form. Then, it has banana nut bread interior. It's weird. Not bad, but bread interior. It's weird. Not bad, but bread interior. It's weird. Not bad, but weird. and probably also only available weird. and probably also only available weird. and probably also only available for a limited time. So, if you want to for a limited time. So, if you want to for a limited time. So, if you want to try it, you should go pick it up ASAP. try it, you should go pick it up ASAP. try it, you should go pick it up ASAP. Now, before I forget, because I am super Now, before I forget, because I am super Now, before I forget, because I am super invested in all the sweet stuff that invested in all the sweet stuff that invested in all the sweet stuff that we've still got to cover today, be sure we've still got to cover today, be sure we've still got to cover today, be sure to scan this QR code or click on the to scan this QR code or click on the to scan this QR code or click on the for for for Disneyfoodblog.com/bestnacks. Disneyfoodblog.com/bestnacks. Disneyfoodblog.com/bestnacks. And then we'll be able to send you our And then we'll be able to send you our And then we'll be able to send you our free list of our top 10 best snacks in free list of our top 10 best snacks in free list of our top 10 best snacks in every Disney World park, both sweet and every Disney World park, both sweet and every Disney World park, both sweet and savory. Plus, we'll send you our free savory. Plus, we'll send you our free savory. Plus, we'll send you our free snack maps. I love a snack map. to help snack maps. I love a snack map. to help snack maps. I love a snack map. to help you track them all down once you cross you track them all down once you cross you track them all down once you cross the Disney World threshold. It's time to the Disney World threshold. It's time to the Disney World threshold. It's time to talk secret menu desserts. Yep, select talk secret menu desserts. Yep, select talk secret menu desserts. Yep, select Disney World restaurants have secret Disney World restaurants have secret Disney World restaurants have secret menu options that you have to be in the menu options that you have to be in the menu options that you have to be in the know about if you want to order them know about if you want to order them know about if you want to order them since they won't be listed on the menu since they won't be listed on the menu since they won't be listed on the menu otherwise. Few examples for you. The otherwise. Few examples for you. The otherwise. Few examples for you. The Cinderella white chocolate slipper Cinderella white chocolate slipper Cinderella white chocolate slipper dessert is an off-men item at dessert is an off-men item at dessert is an off-men item at Cinderella's Royal Table in Magic Cinderella's Royal Table in Magic Cinderella's Royal Table in Magic Kingdom. This is available at an Kingdom. This is available at an Kingdom. This is available at an additional cost. The slipper is made of additional cost. The slipper is made of additional cost. The slipper is made of white chocolate and filled with white chocolate and filled with white chocolate and filled with raspberry mousse, topped with edible raspberry mousse, topped with edible raspberry mousse, topped with edible flowers, glitter, and surrounded in a flowers, glitter, and surrounded in a flowers, glitter, and surrounded in a sauce of raspberry shavings. It is sauce of raspberry shavings. It is sauce of raspberry shavings. It is gorgeous. Now, while adults won't be gorgeous. Now, while adults won't be gorgeous. Now, while adults won't be able to order off kids menus at table able to order off kids menus at table able to order off kids menus at table service restaurants, you may still be service restaurants, you may still be service restaurants, you may still be able to order kids desserts. Just ask. able to order kids desserts. Just ask. able to order kids desserts. Just ask. Over at Steakhouse 71 in Contemporary Over at Steakhouse 71 in Contemporary Over at Steakhouse 71 in Contemporary Resort, kids and adults alike can order Resort, kids and adults alike can order Resort, kids and adults alike can order the build your own ice cream sundae the build your own ice cream sundae the build your own ice cream sundae dessert, which will provide you with a dessert, which will provide you with a dessert, which will provide you with a vanilla ice cream base and additional vanilla ice cream base and additional vanilla ice cream base and additional toppings on the side like hot fudge and toppings on the side like hot fudge and toppings on the side like hot fudge and chocolate chips and Mickey sprinkles and chocolate chips and Mickey sprinkles and chocolate chips and Mickey sprinkles and other fun options to jazz up your sundae other fun options to jazz up your sundae other fun options to jazz up your sundae any way you'd like. And for an adults any way you'd like. And for an adults any way you'd like. And for an adults only secret dessert option, try the only secret dessert option, try the only secret dessert option, try the layered slush from Levvena Chefs to layered slush from Levvena Chefs to layered slush from Levvena Chefs to France and Epcot. Basically, you take France and Epcot. Basically, you take France and Epcot. Basically, you take the popular boozy lemon slush and the the popular boozy lemon slush and the the popular boozy lemon slush and the just as popular boozy orange slush, and just as popular boozy orange slush, and just as popular boozy orange slush, and you have a cast member mix them both you have a cast member mix them both you have a cast member mix them both together to create one refreshing citrus together to create one refreshing citrus together to create one refreshing citrus concoction made with Grand Marier, rum, concoction made with Grand Marier, rum, concoction made with Grand Marier, rum, Grey Goose, orange vodka, orange juice, Grey Goose, orange vodka, orange juice, Grey Goose, orange vodka, orange juice, and lemonade. Ooh, and here's a new DFB and lemonade. Ooh, and here's a new DFB and lemonade. Ooh, and here's a new DFB secret snack hack for you. If you order secret snack hack for you. If you order secret snack hack for you. If you order a cup of peanut butter icing from a cup of peanut butter icing from a cup of peanut butter icing from Gideon's Bake House in Disney Springs, a Gideon's Bake House in Disney Springs, a Gideon's Bake House in Disney Springs, a place we talk about even more later on, place we talk about even more later on, place we talk about even more later on, then you can take two Gideon's cookies, then you can take two Gideon's cookies, then you can take two Gideon's cookies, slather that peanut butter icing between slather that peanut butter icing between slather that peanut butter icing between them, and make yourself a Gideon's them, and make yourself a Gideon's them, and make yourself a Gideon's cookie sandwich that'll feel so wrong, cookie sandwich that'll feel so wrong, cookie sandwich that'll feel so wrong, but it'll taste so right. Some of Disney but it'll taste so right. Some of Disney but it'll taste so right. Some of Disney World's best desserts are hiding out in World's best desserts are hiding out in World's best desserts are hiding out in the Disney hotels. And depending on the Disney hotels. And depending on the Disney hotels. And depending on which restaurant you're in, you'll find which restaurant you're in, you'll find which restaurant you're in, you'll find desserts at these resorts that you're desserts at these resorts that you're desserts at these resorts that you're not going to find anywhere else on not going to find anywhere else on not going to find anywhere else on property. The best part, you don't need property. The best part, you don't need property. The best part, you don't need a park ticket. One of our more recent a park ticket. One of our more recent a park ticket. One of our more recent go-tos is the Mickey chocolate shoe from go-tos is the Mickey chocolate shoe from go-tos is the Mickey chocolate shoe from Gasparilla Island Grill in Grand Fian Gasparilla Island Grill in Grand Fian Gasparilla Island Grill in Grand Fian Resort. This is made with chocolate Resort. This is made with chocolate Resort. This is made with chocolate potted shoe shaped like my favorite potted shoe shaped like my favorite potted shoe shaped like my favorite mouse. No offense, Minnie. And filled mouse. No offense, Minnie. And filled mouse. No offense, Minnie. And filled with chocolate chantelli cream. The shoe with chocolate chantelli cream. The shoe with chocolate chantelli cream. The shoe is wonderfully fluffy yet it still has is wonderfully fluffy yet it still has is wonderfully fluffy yet it still has this nice crunchiness that kind of this nice crunchiness that kind of this nice crunchiness that kind of reminds me of the edge pieces when you reminds me of the edge pieces when you reminds me of the edge pieces when you bake a fresh pan of fudge brownies. I bake a fresh pan of fudge brownies. I bake a fresh pan of fudge brownies. I also love scouring the bakery display also love scouring the bakery display also love scouring the bakery display case over at Contempo Cafe inside case over at Contempo Cafe inside case over at Contempo Cafe inside Contemporary Resorts. But if you're Contemporary Resorts. But if you're Contemporary Resorts. But if you're looking for a sweet stuffed croissant looking for a sweet stuffed croissant looking for a sweet stuffed croissant option, then you've come to the right option, then you've come to the right option, then you've come to the right place. The cookie dough croissant is a place. The cookie dough croissant is a place. The cookie dough croissant is a crispy, flaky croissant topped with crispy, flaky croissant topped with crispy, flaky croissant topped with powdered sugar and milk chocolate powdered sugar and milk chocolate powdered sugar and milk chocolate drizzle and filled until plump with drizzle and filled until plump with drizzle and filled until plump with chocolate chip cookie dough. It's also chocolate chip cookie dough. It's also chocolate chip cookie dough. It's also served warm, so all that chocolate served warm, so all that chocolate served warm, so all that chocolate drizzle and chocolate chip goodness is drizzle and chocolate chip goodness is drizzle and chocolate chip goodness is even more satisfying. Still on a beignet even more satisfying. Still on a beignet even more satisfying. Still on a beignet cake after bourbon steak? Me, too. But cake after bourbon steak? Me, too. But cake after bourbon steak? Me, too. But Port Orleans French Quarter can help out Port Orleans French Quarter can help out Port Orleans French Quarter can help out with that. The Mickey beignetes from with that. The Mickey beignetes from with that. The Mickey beignetes from Scat Cats Club and Cafe are golden fried Scat Cats Club and Cafe are golden fried Scat Cats Club and Cafe are golden fried pillows of dough and happiness covered pillows of dough and happiness covered pillows of dough and happiness covered in powdered sugar, but they taste even in powdered sugar, but they taste even in powdered sugar, but they taste even better because they are Mickeyshaped. better because they are Mickeyshaped. better because they are Mickeyshaped. Mickey beignetes can come in their Mickey beignetes can come in their Mickey beignetes can come in their purest powdered sugar form, or you can purest powdered sugar form, or you can purest powdered sugar form, or you can order seasonal exclusive flavors order seasonal exclusive flavors order seasonal exclusive flavors instead. And while you might think the instead. And while you might think the instead. And while you might think the Value Resorts might not have anything to Value Resorts might not have anything to Value Resorts might not have anything to offer outside their food court hive offer outside their food court hive offer outside their food court hive mind, you'd be terribly mistaken. mind, you'd be terribly mistaken. mind, you'd be terribly mistaken. Everything Pop over at Pop Century has Everything Pop over at Pop Century has Everything Pop over at Pop Century has that tie-dye cheesecake that tastes like that tie-dye cheesecake that tastes like that tie-dye cheesecake that tastes like a regular tasty cheesecake, but it's all a regular tasty cheesecake, but it's all a regular tasty cheesecake, but it's all colorful and psychedelic looking. Just a colorful and psychedelic looking. Just a colorful and psychedelic looking. Just a heads up, this classic snack isn't heads up, this classic snack isn't heads up, this classic snack isn't always listed on the online Everything always listed on the online Everything always listed on the online Everything Pop menu, so you'll probably have to Pop menu, so you'll probably have to Pop menu, so you'll probably have to hunt it down in the food court or ask hunt it down in the food court or ask hunt it down in the food court or ask for it if you want to grab a slice. Hm, for it if you want to grab a slice. Hm, for it if you want to grab a slice. Hm, maybe I should have put this one in the maybe I should have put this one in the maybe I should have put this one in the secret menu section. Now, I don't want secret menu section. Now, I don't want secret menu section. Now, I don't want to just shout out Disney World bread to just shout out Disney World bread to just shout out Disney World bread pudding. I want to climb to the top of pudding. I want to climb to the top of pudding. I want to climb to the top of the highest mountain and profess my love the highest mountain and profess my love the highest mountain and profess my love for it amongst the clouds in poor oxygen for it amongst the clouds in poor oxygen for it amongst the clouds in poor oxygen quality. Disney World bread pudding is quality. Disney World bread pudding is quality. Disney World bread pudding is exquisite. I don't know why, but they exquisite. I don't know why, but they exquisite. I don't know why, but they just do it really, really well. Let me just do it really, really well. Let me just do it really, really well. Let me show you. Over at Summerfest in Epcot, show you. Over at Summerfest in Epcot, show you. Over at Summerfest in Epcot, there's a pretzel bread pudding here there's a pretzel bread pudding here there's a pretzel bread pudding here that you'll often hear us talking about that you'll often hear us talking about that you'll often hear us talking about for lots of reasons. First, it's just for lots of reasons. First, it's just for lots of reasons. First, it's just under $5. So, you'll get a substantial under $5. So, you'll get a substantial under $5. So, you'll get a substantial treat with a soft, chewy pretzel bread treat with a soft, chewy pretzel bread treat with a soft, chewy pretzel bread base and tons of gloriously creamy base and tons of gloriously creamy base and tons of gloriously creamy vanilla and caramel sauce on top for sub vanilla and caramel sauce on top for sub vanilla and caramel sauce on top for sub $5. Sub $5. That's bonkers. The Ohana $5. Sub $5. That's bonkers. The Ohana $5. Sub $5. That's bonkers. The Ohana bread pudding from Ohana at Polynesian bread pudding from Ohana at Polynesian bread pudding from Ohana at Polynesian Village Resort is an OG DFB favorite. Village Resort is an OG DFB favorite. Village Resort is an OG DFB favorite. This dessert's made with a warm soft This dessert's made with a warm soft This dessert's made with a warm soft pineapple bread pudding served alam mode pineapple bread pudding served alam mode pineapple bread pudding served alam mode and with homemade caramel sauce on the and with homemade caramel sauce on the and with homemade caramel sauce on the side. And if you're on the hunt for more side. And if you're on the hunt for more side. And if you're on the hunt for more secret dessert options, this Ohana bread secret dessert options, this Ohana bread secret dessert options, this Ohana bread pudding is also often available at the pudding is also often available at the pudding is also often available at the nearby Tamboo Lounge for an alle cart nearby Tamboo Lounge for an alle cart nearby Tamboo Lounge for an alle cart price instead of having to pay for a price instead of having to pay for a price instead of having to pay for a prefix meal at Ohana just for dessert. prefix meal at Ohana just for dessert. prefix meal at Ohana just for dessert. Anyway, the bourbon bread pudding from Anyway, the bourbon bread pudding from Anyway, the bourbon bread pudding from House of Blues in Disney Springs is my House of Blues in Disney Springs is my House of Blues in Disney Springs is my favorite thing to order from this table favorite thing to order from this table favorite thing to order from this table service restaurant, especially because service restaurant, especially because service restaurant, especially because all of that whiskey butter melts on top all of that whiskey butter melts on top all of that whiskey butter melts on top of it. I am absolutely in love with this of it. I am absolutely in love with this of it. I am absolutely in love with this stuff. Now, you might come to Raglin stuff. Now, you might come to Raglin stuff. Now, you might come to Raglin Road, also over in Disney Springs, for Road, also over in Disney Springs, for Road, also over in Disney Springs, for drink flights and bangers and mash and drink flights and bangers and mash and drink flights and bangers and mash and live entertainment, but be sure to stick live entertainment, but be sure to stick live entertainment, but be sure to stick around for the Gears Bread and Butter around for the Gears Bread and Butter around for the Gears Bread and Butter Pudding. This comes served in a bowl, Pudding. This comes served in a bowl, Pudding. This comes served in a bowl, but if you dump all the bread contents but if you dump all the bread contents but if you dump all the bread contents out of the bowl and then pour that out of the bowl and then pour that out of the bowl and then pour that custard sauce that comes on the side custard sauce that comes on the side custard sauce that comes on the side over every inch of this dessert, you're over every inch of this dessert, you're over every inch of this dessert, you're going to get that maximum sauce going to get that maximum sauce going to get that maximum sauce saturation and a nice spongy texture saturation and a nice spongy texture saturation and a nice spongy texture with every bite. Then there's the with every bite. Then there's the with every bite. Then there's the variety of bread puddings you can often variety of bread puddings you can often variety of bread puddings you can often find on the Disney World buffets. My find on the Disney World buffets. My find on the Disney World buffets. My favorite of the bunch is probably the favorite of the bunch is probably the favorite of the bunch is probably the butterscotch bread pudding from Bulma butterscotch bread pudding from Bulma butterscotch bread pudding from Bulma over at Animal Kingdom Lodge at the over at Animal Kingdom Lodge at the over at Animal Kingdom Lodge at the shock of no one. I love this place and I shock of no one. I love this place and I shock of no one. I love this place and I just had this the other day. This bread just had this the other day. This bread just had this the other day. This bread pudding comes served by itself, but next pudding comes served by itself, but next pudding comes served by itself, but next to it are three different sauces like an to it are three different sauces like an to it are three different sauces like an amarula creme and glaze, vanilla creme amarula creme and glaze, vanilla creme amarula creme and glaze, vanilla creme glaze, or a pecan prolene sauce, usually glaze, or a pecan prolene sauce, usually glaze, or a pecan prolene sauce, usually for breakfast. My love for cinnamon for breakfast. My love for cinnamon for breakfast. My love for cinnamon rolls might be just as mighty as my love rolls might be just as mighty as my love rolls might be just as mighty as my love for bread pudding. And I guess that for bread pudding. And I guess that for bread pudding. And I guess that makes sense cuz they're both sweetened makes sense cuz they're both sweetened makes sense cuz they're both sweetened dough with sweeter icings and sauces on dough with sweeter icings and sauces on dough with sweeter icings and sauces on top to make them a bit more spongy and top to make them a bit more spongy and top to make them a bit more spongy and enjoyable. And while not all of the enjoyable. And while not all of the enjoyable. And while not all of the Disney World cinnamon rolls hit home Disney World cinnamon rolls hit home Disney World cinnamon rolls hit home runs, the ones that do really do. You runs, the ones that do really do. You runs, the ones that do really do. You just got to find the right ones. just got to find the right ones. just got to find the right ones. Gaston's Tavern in Magic Kingdom has Gaston's Tavern in Magic Kingdom has Gaston's Tavern in Magic Kingdom has been a classic cinnamon roll hub for me been a classic cinnamon roll hub for me been a classic cinnamon roll hub for me for years. Ever since the cinnamon rolls for years. Ever since the cinnamon rolls for years. Ever since the cinnamon rolls moved to Gastons in 2012 when it opened. moved to Gastons in 2012 when it opened. moved to Gastons in 2012 when it opened. They used to be at Main Street Bakery They used to be at Main Street Bakery They used to be at Main Street Bakery and then they moved to Gastons when New and then they moved to Gastons when New and then they moved to Gastons when New Fantasy Land opened. Anyway, you don't Fantasy Land opened. Anyway, you don't Fantasy Land opened. Anyway, you don't need all the details, right? You just need all the details, right? You just need all the details, right? You just want to know about the cinnamon rolls. want to know about the cinnamon rolls. want to know about the cinnamon rolls. And at Gastons, they are giant warm And at Gastons, they are giant warm And at Gastons, they are giant warm cinnamon rolls that are soft and easy to cinnamon rolls that are soft and easy to cinnamon rolls that are soft and easy to share. And they don't skimp on the share. And they don't skimp on the share. And they don't skimp on the icing, but you can always request more icing, but you can always request more icing, but you can always request more on the side if you're an icing fiend on the side if you're an icing fiend on the side if you're an icing fiend like me. But recently, Disney added a like me. But recently, Disney added a like me. But recently, Disney added a couple of new cinnamon roll offerings, couple of new cinnamon roll offerings, couple of new cinnamon roll offerings, which take that classic cinnamon roll which take that classic cinnamon roll which take that classic cinnamon roll concept and turn it on its head. Cringa concept and turn it on its head. Cringa concept and turn it on its head. Cringa Bakery OG Cafe in Epcot now has a Bakery OG Cafe in Epcot now has a Bakery OG Cafe in Epcot now has a cinnamon roll with orange cream cheese cinnamon roll with orange cream cheese cinnamon roll with orange cream cheese icing, and it is a massive, massive icing, and it is a massive, massive icing, and it is a massive, massive serving of icing. So, if you're like me serving of icing. So, if you're like me serving of icing. So, if you're like me and you are really all about the icing and you are really all about the icing and you are really all about the icing on these things, this is a great one to on these things, this is a great one to on these things, this is a great one to try. And Westward Hoe in Magic Kingdom try. And Westward Hoe in Magic Kingdom try. And Westward Hoe in Magic Kingdom has a breakfast only cinnamon roll has a breakfast only cinnamon roll has a breakfast only cinnamon roll that's Mickeyshaped and loaded with that's Mickeyshaped and loaded with that's Mickeyshaped and loaded with bacon bits and pecans and caramel bacon bits and pecans and caramel bacon bits and pecans and caramel drizzle. Usually Mickey cinnamon rolls drizzle. Usually Mickey cinnamon rolls drizzle. Usually Mickey cinnamon rolls are going to be dry and kind of not your are going to be dry and kind of not your are going to be dry and kind of not your best choice for a snack option, but this best choice for a snack option, but this best choice for a snack option, but this one is excellent. Waffles are not just a one is excellent. Waffles are not just a one is excellent. Waffles are not just a breakfast specialty. Not in the Disney breakfast specialty. Not in the Disney breakfast specialty. Not in the Disney World scene. The best example of this, World scene. The best example of this, World scene. The best example of this, I've got two actually. When you order a I've got two actually. When you order a I've got two actually. When you order a waffle from Sleepy Hollow Refreshments waffle from Sleepy Hollow Refreshments waffle from Sleepy Hollow Refreshments in Magic Kingdom, you can get the basic in Magic Kingdom, you can get the basic in Magic Kingdom, you can get the basic version topped with just powdered sugar. version topped with just powdered sugar. version topped with just powdered sugar. You can get a sweet version topped with You can get a sweet version topped with You can get a sweet version topped with berries, powdered sugar, and whipped berries, powdered sugar, and whipped berries, powdered sugar, and whipped cream, or a chocolate hazelnut spread, cream, or a chocolate hazelnut spread, cream, or a chocolate hazelnut spread, aka Nutella, berries, bananas, and aka Nutella, berries, bananas, and aka Nutella, berries, bananas, and whipped cream. Or you can get the sweet whipped cream. Or you can get the sweet whipped cream. Or you can get the sweet and savory version topped with sweet and and savory version topped with sweet and and savory version topped with sweet and spicy maple chicken. There are no wrong spicy maple chicken. There are no wrong spicy maple chicken. There are no wrong answers with this one, but if you ever answers with this one, but if you ever answers with this one, but if you ever need a little more hazelnut spread for need a little more hazelnut spread for need a little more hazelnut spread for whatever waffle you order, you can whatever waffle you order, you can whatever waffle you order, you can always get a cup full for just a dollar always get a cup full for just a dollar always get a cup full for just a dollar extra. Oh, and good news. These waffles extra. Oh, and good news. These waffles extra. Oh, and good news. These waffles are available all day long, not just are available all day long, not just are available all day long, not just during breakfast time. Then there's during breakfast time. Then there's during breakfast time. Then there's Marketplace Snacks over in Disney Marketplace Snacks over in Disney Marketplace Snacks over in Disney Springs. Here you can find indulgent Springs. Here you can find indulgent Springs. Here you can find indulgent bubble waffle sundaes themed after each bubble waffle sundaes themed after each bubble waffle sundaes themed after each of the Fab Five characters. You've got of the Fab Five characters. You've got of the Fab Five characters. You've got the Mickey waffle cookie sundae, the the Mickey waffle cookie sundae, the the Mickey waffle cookie sundae, the mini sweet strawberry sundae, the Pluto mini sweet strawberry sundae, the Pluto mini sweet strawberry sundae, the Pluto peanut butter waffle sundae, the peanut butter waffle sundae, the peanut butter waffle sundae, the Donaldle Lemon and Blueberry sundae, and Donaldle Lemon and Blueberry sundae, and Donaldle Lemon and Blueberry sundae, and the DFB team's personal favorite, the the DFB team's personal favorite, the the DFB team's personal favorite, the Goofy Peanut Grand Slam sundae. There's Goofy Peanut Grand Slam sundae. There's Goofy Peanut Grand Slam sundae. There's just a lot going on with Goofy Sunday just a lot going on with Goofy Sunday just a lot going on with Goofy Sunday that makes it feel like a better bang that makes it feel like a better bang that makes it feel like a better bang for your buck. From the vanilla and for your buck. From the vanilla and for your buck. From the vanilla and chocolate soft serve to the toppings chocolate soft serve to the toppings chocolate soft serve to the toppings including hot fudge and peanuts and including hot fudge and peanuts and including hot fudge and peanuts and sliced bananas and sliced strawberries sliced bananas and sliced strawberries sliced bananas and sliced strawberries and mini M&amp;M's and of course the cherry and mini M&amp;M's and of course the cherry and mini M&amp;M's and of course the cherry on top. Marketplace snacks also often on top. Marketplace snacks also often on top. Marketplace snacks also often features limited time character waffles features limited time character waffles features limited time character waffles too themed around the season or Disney too themed around the season or Disney too themed around the season or Disney friends beyond the Fab Five click. I'll friends beyond the Fab Five click. I'll friends beyond the Fab Five click. I'll also give a super brief shout out to the also give a super brief shout out to the also give a super brief shout out to the lege waffles over in Epcot's Connections lege waffles over in Epcot's Connections lege waffles over in Epcot's Connections Cafe and Eery. These aren't my favorite Cafe and Eery. These aren't my favorite Cafe and Eery. These aren't my favorite in the waffle department because they're in the waffle department because they're in the waffle department because they're kind of stiff in my opinion and kind of kind of stiff in my opinion and kind of kind of stiff in my opinion and kind of cold, but the eatery side at least has cold, but the eatery side at least has cold, but the eatery side at least has fancier versions of the lege waffles. fancier versions of the lege waffles. fancier versions of the lege waffles. Topped with strawberries, whipped cream, Topped with strawberries, whipped cream, Topped with strawberries, whipped cream, chocolate, and sugar pearls. We are just chocolate, and sugar pearls. We are just chocolate, and sugar pearls. We are just getting started, folks. We got so many getting started, folks. We got so many getting started, folks. We got so many fun desserts left to talk about today, fun desserts left to talk about today, fun desserts left to talk about today, but I will say there's absolutely no way but I will say there's absolutely no way but I will say there's absolutely no way we can talk about all of them. There are we can talk about all of them. There are we can talk about all of them. There are literally hundreds upon hundreds of literally hundreds upon hundreds of literally hundreds upon hundreds of desserts all around Disney World. And desserts all around Disney World. And desserts all around Disney World. And when it comes to the savory stuff, yeah, when it comes to the savory stuff, yeah, when it comes to the savory stuff, yeah, don't even get me started. But hey, don't even get me started. But hey, don't even get me started. But hey, there is a way for you to learn about there is a way for you to learn about there is a way for you to learn about all the different desserts and savory all the different desserts and savory all the different desserts and savory snacks propertywide, and that's by snacks propertywide, and that's by snacks propertywide, and that's by picking up our snacks and guides bundle picking up our snacks and guides bundle picking up our snacks and guides bundle over at dfbstore.com. over at dfbstore.com. over at dfbstore.com. This will not only give you an in-depth This will not only give you an in-depth This will not only give you an in-depth look into every snack across the Disney look into every snack across the Disney look into every snack across the Disney World parks, but also include the full World parks, but also include the full World parks, but also include the full DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining with your purchase. This bundle is with your purchase. This bundle is with your purchase. This bundle is already highly discounted, but because I already highly discounted, but because I already highly discounted, but because I appreciate y'all hanging out with me appreciate y'all hanging out with me appreciate y'all hanging out with me today, go ahead and type in the code today, go ahead and type in the code today, go ahead and type in the code YouTube before you make your purchase YouTube before you make your purchase YouTube before you make your purchase for a greater discount, even on top of for a greater discount, even on top of for a greater discount, even on top of the one that's already there. Okay, we the one that's already there. Okay, we the one that's already there. Okay, we have hit the cookie portion of this have hit the cookie portion of this have hit the cookie portion of this video. Disney World has a lot of great video. Disney World has a lot of great video. Disney World has a lot of great cookies that I don't want you to miss cookies that I don't want you to miss cookies that I don't want you to miss out on. Gideon's Bake House in Disney out on. Gideon's Bake House in Disney out on. Gideon's Bake House in Disney Springs is the best, most popular Springs is the best, most popular Springs is the best, most popular example of a cookie done right in Disney example of a cookie done right in Disney example of a cookie done right in Disney World. Gideon serves half-PB cookies World. Gideon serves half-PB cookies World. Gideon serves half-PB cookies that are easily sharable or can be eaten that are easily sharable or can be eaten that are easily sharable or can be eaten in multiple servings. Usually, I will in multiple servings. Usually, I will in multiple servings. Usually, I will cut mine up into servings into four cut mine up into servings into four cut mine up into servings into four different servings and I'll keep them in different servings and I'll keep them in different servings and I'll keep them in the freezer and I'll eat them slowly. the freezer and I'll eat them slowly. the freezer and I'll eat them slowly. But you can also eat them all at once if But you can also eat them all at once if But you can also eat them all at once if you want a challenge. While some flavors you want a challenge. While some flavors you want a challenge. While some flavors on the menu can be found all the time, on the menu can be found all the time, on the menu can be found all the time, like the triple chocolate chip or the like the triple chocolate chip or the like the triple chocolate chip or the cookies and cream or the chocolate chip cookies and cream or the chocolate chip cookies and cream or the chocolate chip banana bread, other flavors are monthly banana bread, other flavors are monthly banana bread, other flavors are monthly limited edition releases, so you never limited edition releases, so you never limited edition releases, so you never know what you might find here next. know what you might find here next. know what you might find here next. Bonus Gideon's tip incoming. Hot Cookie Bonus Gideon's tip incoming. Hot Cookie Bonus Gideon's tip incoming. Hot Cookie Hour happens at Gideonss between 2 and Hour happens at Gideonss between 2 and Hour happens at Gideonss between 2 and Now, during this time, you can grab a Now, during this time, you can grab a Now, during this time, you can grab a fresh Gideon's cookie with a locally fresh Gideon's cookie with a locally fresh Gideon's cookie with a locally made malt vanilla ice cream scoop on made malt vanilla ice cream scoop on made malt vanilla ice cream scoop on top. But it's only those two hours and top. But it's only those two hours and top. But it's only those two hours and only those two hours only. Only, did I only those two hours only. Only, did I only those two hours only. Only, did I say only again? Only. But you know what say only again? Only. But you know what say only again? Only. But you know what makes Disney cookies even better? When makes Disney cookies even better? When makes Disney cookies even better? When you make them into cookie sandwiches. If you make them into cookie sandwiches. If you make them into cookie sandwiches. If you're looking for a consistent seasonal you're looking for a consistent seasonal you're looking for a consistent seasonal variety of cookie sandwiches, Caramel variety of cookie sandwiches, Caramel variety of cookie sandwiches, Caramel Cusha Inside Epcot should be at the top Cusha Inside Epcot should be at the top Cusha Inside Epcot should be at the top of your must- eat cookie list. The DF of your must- eat cookie list. The DF of your must- eat cookie list. The DF team's favorite caramel cushia treat team's favorite caramel cushia treat team's favorite caramel cushia treat tends to be that seasonal gingerbread tends to be that seasonal gingerbread tends to be that seasonal gingerbread salted caramel buttercream cookie salted caramel buttercream cookie salted caramel buttercream cookie sandwich. I will say this one's pretty sandwich. I will say this one's pretty sandwich. I will say this one's pretty elusive. Most of the time it just elusive. Most of the time it just elusive. Most of the time it just appears around the holidays, but every appears around the holidays, but every appears around the holidays, but every now and then it'll jump back on the menu now and then it'll jump back on the menu now and then it'll jump back on the menu off season on a random day of the week off season on a random day of the week off season on a random day of the week when you're least expecting it to when you're least expecting it to when you're least expecting it to appear. So, it's always worth checking appear. So, it's always worth checking appear. So, it's always worth checking and seeing if it decided to pop up again and seeing if it decided to pop up again and seeing if it decided to pop up again post Holly Jolly season. Trolley Car post Holly Jolly season. Trolley Car post Holly Jolly season. Trolley Car Cafe in Hollywood Studios is the current Cafe in Hollywood Studios is the current Cafe in Hollywood Studios is the current home of my beloved carrot cake cookie. I home of my beloved carrot cake cookie. I home of my beloved carrot cake cookie. I just got it last week. It's called the just got it last week. It's called the just got it last week. It's called the carrot cake whoopy pie on the menu now, carrot cake whoopy pie on the menu now, carrot cake whoopy pie on the menu now, but the real Disney fans out there know but the real Disney fans out there know but the real Disney fans out there know it best by its OG title back from when it best by its OG title back from when it best by its OG title back from when it was in writer stop. We've been it was in writer stop. We've been it was in writer stop. We've been through the trenches together, this through the trenches together, this through the trenches together, this cookie and me. And while I don't love it cookie and me. And while I don't love it cookie and me. And while I don't love it as much as I used to when it was a lot as much as I used to when it was a lot as much as I used to when it was a lot thinner and more frosting filled and thinner and more frosting filled and thinner and more frosting filled and available over at Writer Stop, this is available over at Writer Stop, this is available over at Writer Stop, this is still my go-to snack when I start making still my go-to snack when I start making still my go-to snack when I start making my way down Hollywood Boulevard. And my way down Hollywood Boulevard. And my way down Hollywood Boulevard. And then there's the Wookie cookie over in then there's the Wookie cookie over in then there's the Wookie cookie over in Backlot Express and also at Hollywood Backlot Express and also at Hollywood Backlot Express and also at Hollywood Studios. This cookie sandwich has been Studios. This cookie sandwich has been Studios. This cookie sandwich has been around for ages now. It's made out of around for ages now. It's made out of around for ages now. It's made out of two oatmeal cookies sandwiched with two oatmeal cookies sandwiched with two oatmeal cookies sandwiched with vanilla cream filling and garnished with vanilla cream filling and garnished with vanilla cream filling and garnished with a chocolate piece to kind of make it a chocolate piece to kind of make it a chocolate piece to kind of make it look like Chewbacca's sash. Sometimes I look like Chewbacca's sash. Sometimes I look like Chewbacca's sash. Sometimes I really like the Wookie cookie. Sometimes really like the Wookie cookie. Sometimes really like the Wookie cookie. Sometimes it's just okay. But I can't abandon this it's just okay. But I can't abandon this it's just okay. But I can't abandon this guy. I've had more positive experiences guy. I've had more positive experiences guy. I've had more positive experiences than I've had bad. But I hope that than I've had bad. But I hope that than I've had bad. But I hope that doesn't change in the future. If I've doesn't change in the future. If I've doesn't change in the future. If I've learned anything from my multiple visits learned anything from my multiple visits learned anything from my multiple visits to Disney World over the years, it's to Disney World over the years, it's to Disney World over the years, it's this. If Disney wants to make a good this. If Disney wants to make a good this. If Disney wants to make a good cake, they're gonna make good cake. cake, they're gonna make good cake. cake, they're gonna make good cake. Maybe even the best cake you've ever Maybe even the best cake you've ever Maybe even the best cake you've ever tasted. Once again, we got to mention tasted. Once again, we got to mention tasted. Once again, we got to mention Gideon's Bake House. Along with its Gideon's Bake House. Along with its Gideon's Bake House. Along with its half-PB cookies, Gideons also has half-PB cookies, Gideons also has half-PB cookies, Gideons also has ginormous cake slices that some of our ginormous cake slices that some of our ginormous cake slices that some of our DFB reporters enjoy even more than the DFB reporters enjoy even more than the DFB reporters enjoy even more than the cookies themselves because of those cookies themselves because of those cookies themselves because of those sweet frostings and rich flavors. Chef sweet frostings and rich flavors. Chef sweet frostings and rich flavors. Chef Art Smith's Homecoming Restaurant in Art Smith's Homecoming Restaurant in Art Smith's Homecoming Restaurant in Disney Springs may be known for its Disney Springs may be known for its Disney Springs may be known for its fried chicken, but that doesn't mean you fried chicken, but that doesn't mean you fried chicken, but that doesn't mean you should forget about its hummingbird should forget about its hummingbird should forget about its hummingbird cake. This is a pineapple banana cake cake. This is a pineapple banana cake cake. This is a pineapple banana cake topped with cream cheese frosting and topped with cream cheese frosting and topped with cream cheese frosting and served a hearty scoop of vanilla bean served a hearty scoop of vanilla bean served a hearty scoop of vanilla bean ice cream, which you don't even need ice cream, which you don't even need ice cream, which you don't even need because the cake is so so sweet on its because the cake is so so sweet on its because the cake is so so sweet on its own. Liberty Tree Tavern and the Diamond own. Liberty Tree Tavern and the Diamond own. Liberty Tree Tavern and the Diamond Horseshoe are both Magic Kingdom Horseshoe are both Magic Kingdom Horseshoe are both Magic Kingdom restaurants with essentially the same restaurants with essentially the same restaurants with essentially the same menu. And that includes having the same menu. And that includes having the same menu. And that includes having the same ooey gooey toffee cake that I reall in ooey gooey toffee cake that I reall in ooey gooey toffee cake that I reall in love with every time I have it. This is love with every time I have it. This is love with every time I have it. This is something I've been talking about on something I've been talking about on something I've been talking about on this channel since it was since I this channel since it was since I this channel since it was since I started and on Disney Food Blog since started and on Disney Food Blog since started and on Disney Food Blog since Food Blog, you will find the ooey gooey Food Blog, you will find the ooey gooey Food Blog, you will find the ooey gooey toffee cake. I promise. This is made toffee cake. I promise. This is made toffee cake. I promise. This is made with vanilla toffee cake, chocolate with vanilla toffee cake, chocolate with vanilla toffee cake, chocolate sauce, and vanilla ice cream goodness. sauce, and vanilla ice cream goodness. sauce, and vanilla ice cream goodness. But it is so much more than the sum of But it is so much more than the sum of But it is so much more than the sum of its parts. I really don't understand how its parts. I really don't understand how its parts. I really don't understand how this all mixes together to be the this all mixes together to be the this all mixes together to be the miracle that it is. Over at Hollywood miracle that it is. Over at Hollywood miracle that it is. Over at Hollywood Brown Derby in Hollywood Studios, you Brown Derby in Hollywood Studios, you Brown Derby in Hollywood Studios, you can order the grapefruit cake. Now, this can order the grapefruit cake. Now, this can order the grapefruit cake. Now, this is of course a Brown Derby original with is of course a Brown Derby original with is of course a Brown Derby original with vanilla sponge cake, grapefruit syrup, vanilla sponge cake, grapefruit syrup, vanilla sponge cake, grapefruit syrup, and cream cheese icing. But of course, and cream cheese icing. But of course, and cream cheese icing. But of course, Cake Bake Shop at the Boardwalk has to Cake Bake Shop at the Boardwalk has to Cake Bake Shop at the Boardwalk has to win best cake title. You're looking at win best cake title. You're looking at win best cake title. You're looking at cakes that cost a whopping $22 each. But cakes that cost a whopping $22 each. But cakes that cost a whopping $22 each. But for that price, you're getting massive for that price, you're getting massive for that price, you're getting massive artisan cake slices made in shop with artisan cake slices made in shop with artisan cake slices made in shop with fluffy icing, unique flavors, and lots fluffy icing, unique flavors, and lots fluffy icing, unique flavors, and lots and lots and lots of edible glitter. And and lots and lots of edible glitter. And and lots and lots of edible glitter. And hey, not all Disney cupcakes are going hey, not all Disney cupcakes are going hey, not all Disney cupcakes are going to knock your socks off, but that salted to knock your socks off, but that salted to knock your socks off, but that salted caramel chocolate cupcake from Caramel caramel chocolate cupcake from Caramel caramel chocolate cupcake from Caramel Cusha, it is my favorite. It always has Cusha, it is my favorite. It always has Cusha, it is my favorite. It always has been and it always will be. Every time I been and it always will be. Every time I been and it always will be. Every time I get it, I'm like, maybe it's not as good get it, I'm like, maybe it's not as good get it, I'm like, maybe it's not as good as it used to be, but it's as good every as it used to be, but it's as good every as it used to be, but it's as good every time. This cupcake has a light, time. This cupcake has a light, time. This cupcake has a light, plentiful salted caramel cream cheese plentiful salted caramel cream cheese plentiful salted caramel cream cheese frosting with just the right amount of frosting with just the right amount of frosting with just the right amount of sweetness all the time. And I really sweetness all the time. And I really sweetness all the time. And I really love the chocolate cake base cuz it's so love the chocolate cake base cuz it's so love the chocolate cake base cuz it's so thick. It's basically like a brownie. thick. It's basically like a brownie. thick. It's basically like a brownie. Now, we can't have a Disney World best Now, we can't have a Disney World best Now, we can't have a Disney World best desserts video without giving credit to desserts video without giving credit to desserts video without giving credit to one of the biggest Disney dessert icons one of the biggest Disney dessert icons one of the biggest Disney dessert icons of them all, the Doe Whip. Dole whips of them all, the Doe Whip. Dole whips of them all, the Doe Whip. Dole whips are fruity, refreshing, and an overall are fruity, refreshing, and an overall are fruity, refreshing, and an overall lighter dessert option if you're not lighter dessert option if you're not lighter dessert option if you're not looking for something too sweet or too looking for something too sweet or too looking for something too sweet or too heavy in the dessert department. heavy in the dessert department. heavy in the dessert department. Pineapple is the classic Doehip option, Pineapple is the classic Doehip option, Pineapple is the classic Doehip option, but nowadays Dole Whips also come in a but nowadays Dole Whips also come in a but nowadays Dole Whips also come in a variety of flavors that cater to a wider variety of flavors that cater to a wider variety of flavors that cater to a wider variety of folks beyond just the variety of folks beyond just the variety of folks beyond just the pineapple fans. Let's start at Aloha pineapple fans. Let's start at Aloha pineapple fans. Let's start at Aloha Isle in Magic Kingdom, which is the OG Isle in Magic Kingdom, which is the OG Isle in Magic Kingdom, which is the OG home to Dole Whip in Disney World. I'm home to Dole Whip in Disney World. I'm home to Dole Whip in Disney World. I'm always down for a pineapple Dole Whip always down for a pineapple Dole Whip always down for a pineapple Dole Whip float here, but you're also never going float here, but you're also never going float here, but you're also never going to see me turn down that pineapple to see me turn down that pineapple to see me turn down that pineapple upside down cake. It is probably one of upside down cake. It is probably one of upside down cake. It is probably one of my very very favorite desserts in all of my very very favorite desserts in all of my very very favorite desserts in all of Disney World, hands down, which is why Disney World, hands down, which is why Disney World, hands down, which is why it's in this video. But I'm going to it's in this video. But I'm going to it's in this video. But I'm going to give it like personal racks here. Okay, give it like personal racks here. Okay, give it like personal racks here. Okay, it's served with your choice of dole it's served with your choice of dole it's served with your choice of dole whip pineapple, dough whip vanilla, or a whip pineapple, dough whip vanilla, or a whip pineapple, dough whip vanilla, or a swirl of both. Or you can put whatever swirl of both. Or you can put whatever swirl of both. Or you can put whatever on there that you want that they have on there that you want that they have on there that you want that they have coming out of those little machines. coming out of those little machines. coming out of those little machines. Now, across the way at Sunshine Tree Now, across the way at Sunshine Tree Now, across the way at Sunshine Tree Terrace, even more Dole Whip options are Terrace, even more Dole Whip options are Terrace, even more Dole Whip options are available to try, including Dolehip available to try, including Dolehip available to try, including Dolehip Orange and Strawberry, customizable Orange and Strawberry, customizable Orange and Strawberry, customizable Dolehip Floats, and the I Love You Float Dolehip Floats, and the I Love You Float Dolehip Floats, and the I Love You Float made with Fanta strawberry soda and made with Fanta strawberry soda and made with Fanta strawberry soda and passion fruit flavor that's served with passion fruit flavor that's served with passion fruit flavor that's served with Dole Whip Orange and topped with popping Dole Whip Orange and topped with popping Dole Whip Orange and topped with popping candy. Going to take a quick moment here candy. Going to take a quick moment here candy. Going to take a quick moment here to rip the citrus swirl. It hasn't come to rip the citrus swirl. It hasn't come to rip the citrus swirl. It hasn't come back yet. For those of you who have been back yet. For those of you who have been back yet. For those of you who have been following for a long time, this is following for a long time, this is following for a long time, this is probably the longest we've been Sans's probably the longest we've been Sans's probably the longest we've been Sans's citrus swirl at Sunshine Tree Terrace. citrus swirl at Sunshine Tree Terrace. citrus swirl at Sunshine Tree Terrace. I'm very sad, but I'm going to keep you I'm very sad, but I'm going to keep you I'm very sad, but I'm going to keep you updated as always. This is my burden to updated as always. This is my burden to updated as always. This is my burden to bear. Okay. Tamu Tamu Refreshments in bear. Okay. Tamu Tamu Refreshments in bear. Okay. Tamu Tamu Refreshments in Animal Kingdom has both boozy and non- Animal Kingdom has both boozy and non- Animal Kingdom has both boozy and non- boozy pineapple dough floats for you to boozy pineapple dough floats for you to boozy pineapple dough floats for you to try, as well as their own take on Magic try, as well as their own take on Magic try, as well as their own take on Magic Kingdom's pineapple upside down cake. Kingdom's pineapple upside down cake. Kingdom's pineapple upside down cake. This is called the pineapple crisp This is called the pineapple crisp This is called the pineapple crisp sundae. So it's made with pineapple sundae. So it's made with pineapple sundae. So it's made with pineapple crisp cake, vanilla ice cream, pineapple crisp cake, vanilla ice cream, pineapple crisp cake, vanilla ice cream, pineapple caramel, and crispy strusel topping. But caramel, and crispy strusel topping. But caramel, and crispy strusel topping. But we like to substitute duel with we like to substitute duel with we like to substitute duel with pineapple in lie of the vanilla just to pineapple in lie of the vanilla just to pineapple in lie of the vanilla just to make things a lot more tropical tasting. make things a lot more tropical tasting. make things a lot more tropical tasting. Pineapple lai over at Polynesian Village Pineapple lai over at Polynesian Village Pineapple lai over at Polynesian Village Resort also has your classic pineapple Resort also has your classic pineapple Resort also has your classic pineapple and float options here. But on top of and float options here. But on top of and float options here. But on top of that, you can find a flavor of the day that, you can find a flavor of the day that, you can find a flavor of the day offering, which is commonly lime and offering, which is commonly lime and offering, which is commonly lime and lemon, but does switch up. Sometimes you lemon, but does switch up. Sometimes you lemon, but does switch up. Sometimes you get orange, sometimes raspberry, get orange, sometimes raspberry, get orange, sometimes raspberry, sometimes strawberry. You just never sometimes strawberry. You just never sometimes strawberry. You just never know. A good food to go over at Old Key know. A good food to go over at Old Key know. A good food to go over at Old Key West Resort. You'll find that tart and West Resort. You'll find that tart and West Resort. You'll find that tart and tasty key lime pie. Dole Whip made with tasty key lime pie. Dole Whip made with tasty key lime pie. Dole Whip made with Dole Whip lime and vanilla swirl, then Dole Whip lime and vanilla swirl, then Dole Whip lime and vanilla swirl, then topped off with graham cracker crumbs. topped off with graham cracker crumbs. topped off with graham cracker crumbs. But when it comes to Dolehip variety, But when it comes to Dolehip variety, But when it comes to Dolehip variety, swirls on the water over in Disney swirls on the water over in Disney swirls on the water over in Disney Springs has the gold medal. You got Springs has the gold medal. You got Springs has the gold medal. You got seasonal Dole Whips, Dole Whip Floats, seasonal Dole Whips, Dole Whip Floats, seasonal Dole Whips, Dole Whip Floats, Dole Whip Swirls, and even a Dole Whip Dole Whip Swirls, and even a Dole Whip Dole Whip Swirls, and even a Dole Whip Sampler option where you can try all Sampler option where you can try all Sampler option where you can try all three unique Dolehip Swirls at once. three unique Dolehip Swirls at once. three unique Dolehip Swirls at once. Plus, sometimes they have Dolehip Plus, sometimes they have Dolehip Plus, sometimes they have Dolehip margaritas and sangrias and all kinds of margaritas and sangrias and all kinds of margaritas and sangrias and all kinds of cool stuff going on. Now, moving on from cool stuff going on. Now, moving on from cool stuff going on. Now, moving on from Dolehip, ice cream and gelato has its Dolehip, ice cream and gelato has its Dolehip, ice cream and gelato has its own category in this video. And there own category in this video. And there own category in this video. And there are so many places to grab ice cream and are so many places to grab ice cream and are so many places to grab ice cream and gelato around Disney World. But if gelato around Disney World. But if gelato around Disney World. But if you're looking for the best stuff that you're looking for the best stuff that you're looking for the best stuff that goes beyond your standard vanilla and goes beyond your standard vanilla and goes beyond your standard vanilla and chocolate soft serve, these are my chocolate soft serve, these are my chocolate soft serve, these are my current favorites. Lardis and Degloass current favorites. Lardis and Degloass current favorites. Lardis and Degloass in Epcot has 16 different flavors of in Epcot has 16 different flavors of in Epcot has 16 different flavors of house-made ice cream and sorbet at all house-made ice cream and sorbet at all house-made ice cream and sorbet at all times. I've seen those ice cream times. I've seen those ice cream times. I've seen those ice cream machines in the back. I know they are machines in the back. I know they are machines in the back. I know they are making it in house. It is very cool. making it in house. It is very cool. making it in house. It is very cool. Now, you can also try specialty items Now, you can also try specialty items Now, you can also try specialty items here like the ice cream martini served here like the ice cream martini served here like the ice cream martini served with Grand Marier, rum or whipped cream with Grand Marier, rum or whipped cream with Grand Marier, rum or whipped cream vodka, your choice. And for some more vodka, your choice. And for some more vodka, your choice. And for some more familyfriendly options, you can choose familyfriendly options, you can choose familyfriendly options, you can choose the macaroon and ice cream sandwiches. the macaroon and ice cream sandwiches. the macaroon and ice cream sandwiches. Usually these are chocolate, but they Usually these are chocolate, but they Usually these are chocolate, but they sometimes will spice it up with seasonal sometimes will spice it up with seasonal sometimes will spice it up with seasonal varieties like pumpkin and peppermint. varieties like pumpkin and peppermint. varieties like pumpkin and peppermint. The bio ice cream sandwiches, those are The bio ice cream sandwiches, those are The bio ice cream sandwiches, those are the Croak gloss, and that's where you the Croak gloss, and that's where you the Croak gloss, and that's where you get to choose your ice cream and you get get to choose your ice cream and you get get to choose your ice cream and you get to choose your sauce. And then the whole to choose your sauce. And then the whole to choose your sauce. And then the whole thing is kind of cooked into this thing is kind of cooked into this thing is kind of cooked into this glorious bio like panini. It's really, glorious bio like panini. It's really, glorious bio like panini. It's really, really good. And the cappuccino served really good. And the cappuccino served really good. And the cappuccino served with ice cream, which is the cafe gloss. with ice cream, which is the cafe gloss. with ice cream, which is the cafe gloss. Now, Beaches and Cream in Disney's Beach Now, Beaches and Cream in Disney's Beach Now, Beaches and Cream in Disney's Beach Club Resort is best known for its Club Resort is best known for its Club Resort is best known for its over-the-top ice cream treats. One of over-the-top ice cream treats. One of over-the-top ice cream treats. One of the more noteworthy being the kitchen the more noteworthy being the kitchen the more noteworthy being the kitchen sink, which serves four people and comes sink, which serves four people and comes sink, which serves four people and comes with scoops of vanilla, chocolate, with scoops of vanilla, chocolate, with scoops of vanilla, chocolate, strawberry, cookies and cream, mint strawberry, cookies and cream, mint strawberry, cookies and cream, mint chocolate chip, and every topping that chocolate chip, and every topping that chocolate chip, and every topping that the restaurant has on hand, including a the restaurant has on hand, including a the restaurant has on hand, including a whole can of whipped cream. Now, whole can of whipped cream. Now, whole can of whipped cream. Now, personally, if I'm going to beaches and personally, if I'm going to beaches and personally, if I'm going to beaches and cream, I'm not going to order the cream, I'm not going to order the cream, I'm not going to order the kitchen sink cuz I'm usually by myself, kitchen sink cuz I'm usually by myself, kitchen sink cuz I'm usually by myself, to be honest. I'm ordering the No Way to be honest. I'm ordering the No Way to be honest. I'm ordering the No Way Jose made with chocolate and vanilla ice Jose made with chocolate and vanilla ice Jose made with chocolate and vanilla ice cream, peanut butter and chocolate cream, peanut butter and chocolate cream, peanut butter and chocolate morsels, whipped cream, peanut butter, morsels, whipped cream, peanut butter, morsels, whipped cream, peanut butter, and hot fudge sauce, and a cherry on and hot fudge sauce, and a cherry on and hot fudge sauce, and a cherry on top. And if you are ever my server at top. And if you are ever my server at top. And if you are ever my server at Beaches and Cream, I will ask you for Beaches and Cream, I will ask you for Beaches and Cream, I will ask you for more peanut butter sauce. And when I ask more peanut butter sauce. And when I ask more peanut butter sauce. And when I ask you for it, I mean like basically fill you for it, I mean like basically fill you for it, I mean like basically fill the whole thing with peanut butter the whole thing with peanut butter the whole thing with peanut butter sauce. Thank you. Please and thank you. sauce. Thank you. Please and thank you. sauce. Thank you. Please and thank you. But if you don't have time for a sitdown But if you don't have time for a sitdown But if you don't have time for a sitdown meal just for the ice cream alone, meal just for the ice cream alone, meal just for the ice cream alone, Beaches and Cream does have a to- go Beaches and Cream does have a to- go Beaches and Cream does have a to- go window where you can choose from a much window where you can choose from a much window where you can choose from a much more limited, albeit still tasty, ice more limited, albeit still tasty, ice more limited, albeit still tasty, ice cream selection. They've got floats and cream selection. They've got floats and cream selection. They've got floats and shakes, classic scoops, and ice cream shakes, classic scoops, and ice cream shakes, classic scoops, and ice cream cookie sandwiches, too. Plaza Ice Cream cookie sandwiches, too. Plaza Ice Cream cookie sandwiches, too. Plaza Ice Cream Parlor is a classic for Magic Kingdom. Parlor is a classic for Magic Kingdom. Parlor is a classic for Magic Kingdom. And again, while the ice cream might not And again, while the ice cream might not And again, while the ice cream might not be overly innovative here, it's still be overly innovative here, it's still be overly innovative here, it's still really, really good and will make you really, really good and will make you really, really good and will make you feel like you've ordered a scoop feel like you've ordered a scoop feel like you've ordered a scoop somewhere back in time when soda parlors somewhere back in time when soda parlors somewhere back in time when soda parlors and barber shop quartets were the rage. and barber shop quartets were the rage. and barber shop quartets were the rage. Tired of those more traditional ice Tired of those more traditional ice Tired of those more traditional ice cream choices? I get it? Salt and Straw cream choices? I get it? Salt and Straw cream choices? I get it? Salt and Straw and Disney Springs can push you out of and Disney Springs can push you out of and Disney Springs can push you out of your ice cream flavor comfort zone, like your ice cream flavor comfort zone, like your ice cream flavor comfort zone, like way out of your comfort zone, while way out of your comfort zone, while way out of your comfort zone, while still surprising you with a really still surprising you with a really still surprising you with a really enjoyable option. Salt and Straw is most enjoyable option. Salt and Straw is most enjoyable option. Salt and Straw is most well known for their out-of- pocket well known for their out-of- pocket well known for their out-of- pocket monthly flavors, but they've also got monthly flavors, but they've also got monthly flavors, but they've also got year- round flavors that might feel a year- round flavors that might feel a year- round flavors that might feel a little safer for you, like chocolate little safer for you, like chocolate little safer for you, like chocolate gooey brownie, freckled mint chocolate gooey brownie, freckled mint chocolate gooey brownie, freckled mint chocolate chip, and sea salt with caramel ribbons. chip, and sea salt with caramel ribbons. chip, and sea salt with caramel ribbons. But don't forget, if you're there during But don't forget, if you're there during But don't forget, if you're there during uh the Halloween season, you're going to uh the Halloween season, you're going to uh the Halloween season, you're going to get to try ice cream with real honest get to try ice cream with real honest get to try ice cream with real honest bugs in it. Yeah. And then there's bugs in it. Yeah. And then there's bugs in it. Yeah. And then there's Vivvil Gelato at Disney Springs, which Vivvil Gelato at Disney Springs, which Vivvil Gelato at Disney Springs, which serves up what I believe is the best serves up what I believe is the best serves up what I believe is the best gelato you're going to have all trip gelato you're going to have all trip gelato you're going to have all trip long. This is straight from Italy, long. This is straight from Italy, long. This is straight from Italy, y'all. It is truly incredible. So good y'all. It is truly incredible. So good y'all. It is truly incredible. So good and creamy and not overpoweringly sweet. and creamy and not overpoweringly sweet. and creamy and not overpoweringly sweet. You can definitely tell they know what You can definitely tell they know what You can definitely tell they know what they're doing. And remember, the they're doing. And remember, the they're doing. And remember, the original Vively storefront is still original Vively storefront is still original Vively storefront is still located in Florence, Italy, the place located in Florence, Italy, the place located in Florence, Italy, the place where Gelato originated. where Gelato originated. where Gelato originated. Not all of Disney's best desserts can Not all of Disney's best desserts can Not all of Disney's best desserts can fit into a nice tidy category. So, here fit into a nice tidy category. So, here fit into a nice tidy category. So, here are some of the desserts that I want to are some of the desserts that I want to are some of the desserts that I want to shout out that I consider to be one of a shout out that I consider to be one of a shout out that I consider to be one of a kind. the peanut butter cookie pie from kind. the peanut butter cookie pie from kind. the peanut butter cookie pie from the Main Street Confectionary in Magic the Main Street Confectionary in Magic the Main Street Confectionary in Magic Kingdom. This is made with M&amp;M's peanut Kingdom. This is made with M&amp;M's peanut Kingdom. This is made with M&amp;M's peanut butter chocolate candies. It's got a big butter chocolate candies. It's got a big butter chocolate candies. It's got a big old swirl of peanut butter ganache on old swirl of peanut butter ganache on old swirl of peanut butter ganache on top. It's basically the biggest and best top. It's basically the biggest and best top. It's basically the biggest and best peanut butter cookie you've ever had. peanut butter cookie you've ever had. peanut butter cookie you've ever had. Most of Disney World's churros I will Most of Disney World's churros I will Most of Disney World's churros I will skip over without a second thought, skip over without a second thought, skip over without a second thought, except for the Nomad Lounge churros in except for the Nomad Lounge churros in except for the Nomad Lounge churros in Animal Kingdom. These are stumpier than Animal Kingdom. These are stumpier than Animal Kingdom. These are stumpier than your average churro, but they're also your average churro, but they're also your average churro, but they're also way better quality than your average way better quality than your average way better quality than your average Disney World churro. These little dudes Disney World churro. These little dudes Disney World churro. These little dudes come with a side of two dipping sauces come with a side of two dipping sauces come with a side of two dipping sauces with one typically being vanilla and the with one typically being vanilla and the with one typically being vanilla and the other being whatever seasonal so that other being whatever seasonal so that other being whatever seasonal so that there's an element of mystery every time there's an element of mystery every time there's an element of mystery every time you order them. But I will tell you, I you order them. But I will tell you, I you order them. But I will tell you, I have heard from so many viewers and have heard from so many viewers and have heard from so many viewers and readers that have said to me that these readers that have said to me that these readers that have said to me that these are hands down without a doubt the best are hands down without a doubt the best are hands down without a doubt the best churros they've ever had. It's hard to churros they've ever had. It's hard to churros they've ever had. It's hard to choose just one dessert to talk about choose just one dessert to talk about choose just one dessert to talk about from Leol because there's so many to from Leol because there's so many to from Leol because there's so many to choose from and they're all so good. A choose from and they're all so good. A choose from and they're all so good. A few desserts you can find inside this few desserts you can find inside this few desserts you can find inside this little French bakery display case little French bakery display case little French bakery display case include creme brulee macaroons, a include creme brulee macaroons, a include creme brulee macaroons, a Napoleon puff pastry with cream, Napoleon puff pastry with cream, Napoleon puff pastry with cream, chocolate alaire's, fruit parfets, an chocolate alaire's, fruit parfets, an chocolate alaire's, fruit parfets, an absolutely ginormous quasant, which is absolutely ginormous quasant, which is absolutely ginormous quasant, which is actually nine quissants worth of dough actually nine quissants worth of dough actually nine quissants worth of dough that's dipped in chocolate. It's that's dipped in chocolate. It's that's dipped in chocolate. It's bonkers. Chocolate mousse, fruit tarts, bonkers. Chocolate mousse, fruit tarts, bonkers. Chocolate mousse, fruit tarts, and more. Now, Everglazed inside Disney and more. Now, Everglazed inside Disney and more. Now, Everglazed inside Disney Springs is best known for its donuts and Springs is best known for its donuts and Springs is best known for its donuts and cold brew. And you can choose just how cold brew. And you can choose just how cold brew. And you can choose just how tame or how funky you want the doughnut tame or how funky you want the doughnut tame or how funky you want the doughnut to be. You might even want to go all out to be. You might even want to go all out to be. You might even want to go all out with a topper option, which will give with a topper option, which will give with a topper option, which will give you one of Everglaze cold brews topped you one of Everglaze cold brews topped you one of Everglaze cold brews topped with one of their specialty donuts. My with one of their specialty donuts. My with one of their specialty donuts. My personal favorite here is the peanut personal favorite here is the peanut personal favorite here is the peanut butter topper featuring a Reese's Nitro butter topper featuring a Reese's Nitro butter topper featuring a Reese's Nitro Ice Cold Brew plus a peanut butter Ice Cold Brew plus a peanut butter Ice Cold Brew plus a peanut butter explosion doughnut. Now, not everyone explosion doughnut. Now, not everyone explosion doughnut. Now, not everyone agrees with me on the DFB team about agrees with me on the DFB team about agrees with me on the DFB team about this next one, but I love the Pongu this next one, but I love the Pongu this next one, but I love the Pongu Lubia from Pangu Pangu in Animal Lubia from Pangu Pangu in Animal Lubia from Pangu Pangu in Animal Kingdom. This is a fried spring roll Kingdom. This is a fried spring roll Kingdom. This is a fried spring roll filled with pineapple cream cheese you filled with pineapple cream cheese you filled with pineapple cream cheese you can get for under five bucks. And of can get for under five bucks. And of can get for under five bucks. And of course, there's always the Epcot course, there's always the Epcot course, there's always the Epcot Festival desserts that we've been able Festival desserts that we've been able Festival desserts that we've been able to try and fall in love with over the to try and fall in love with over the to try and fall in love with over the years. While desserts will vary and years. While desserts will vary and years. While desserts will vary and change with every passing fest, some of change with every passing fest, some of change with every passing fest, some of our favorites from the past have our favorites from the past have our favorites from the past have included the butterscotch milkshake from included the butterscotch milkshake from included the butterscotch milkshake from Fictional Victuals, a newcomer during Fictional Victuals, a newcomer during Fictional Victuals, a newcomer during Festival of the Arts in 2025. Liquid Festival of the Arts in 2025. Liquid Festival of the Arts in 2025. Liquid Nitro Honey Marcapone Cheesecake, it's Nitro Honey Marcapone Cheesecake, it's Nitro Honey Marcapone Cheesecake, it's World Showcase, a returning favorite for World Showcase, a returning favorite for World Showcase, a returning favorite for Flower and Garden. Kershwaser tort at Flower and Garden. Kershwaser tort at Flower and Garden. Kershwaser tort at the Alps. Another new one that entered the Alps. Another new one that entered the Alps. Another new one that entered the scene in 2025 for food and wine and the scene in 2025 for food and wine and the scene in 2025 for food and wine and just the entirety of the holiday cookie just the entirety of the holiday cookie just the entirety of the holiday cookie stroll because who am I to turn down stroll because who am I to turn down stroll because who am I to turn down that kind of a challenge? Now, I'm that kind of a challenge? Now, I'm that kind of a challenge? Now, I'm turning the conversation over to you turning the conversation over to you turning the conversation over to you now. Which desserts from this list are now. Which desserts from this list are now. Which desserts from this list are you most excited to try? Or do you think you most excited to try? Or do you think you most excited to try? Or do you think we left anything out today that still we left anything out today that still we left anything out today that still desperately deserves a shout out? Let me desperately deserves a shout out? Let me desperately deserves a shout out? Let me know in the comments. And be sure to know in the comments. And be sure to know in the comments. And be sure to check out some of our other Disney World check out some of our other Disney World check out some of our other Disney World food videos next, like the best snacks food videos next, like the best snacks food videos next, like the best snacks in every Disney World park. And in every Disney World park. And in every Disney World park. And remember, we got that ultra handy and remember, we got that ultra handy and remember, we got that ultra handy and ultra free Disney World best snacks list ultra free Disney World best snacks list ultra free Disney World best snacks list and snack maps ready for you to download and snack maps ready for you to download and snack maps ready for you to download right now over at right now over at right now over at disneyfoodblog.com/bestnacks. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks Thanks for listening everyone and thanks Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for for watching. As always, this is AJ for for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Foodblog and we'll see you real Disney Foodblog and we'll see you real Disney Foodblog and we'll see you real soon.
