---
video_id: 8fJ6OU_KrAQ
channel: DFBGuide
title: "The ULTIMATE Guide to Magic Kingdom in 2026"
published: 2025-12-03
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8fJ6OU_KrAQ
---
Magic Kingdom is taking some unexpected twists and turns next year, but in today's ultimate guide, we're going to make sure you're prepared for a 2026 visit to this ultra popular park, no matter what changes are thrown your way. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. Welcome to Magic Kingdom, a place of castle dining, barberh shop quartets, and construction walls apparently. But I'm getting ahead of myself here. We're going to talk about what's going down in the kingdom this year so that you're either a ready for that 2026 vacation that you've been dreaming up for the longest time or b at the very least well informed and ready to hear all the piping hot tea. Guess we should get this can of worms out of the way first. Magic Kingdom is going to look real different this year in good ways and in kind of awkward ways. So, let me tell you about the key pros and cons for a Magic Kingdom 2026 visit right now to help you better prepare for the future. The cons, lots of construction, like lots. The thick of the construction is coming from the back side of the park, which is already kind of a blemish for Magic Kingdom at the moment. Tom Sawyer Island and Liberty Square Riverboat permanently closed on July 7th, 2025 to accommodate the construction of Piston Peak National Park based on the movie Cars and the future Disney Villains Land. Both are going to be awesome new additions in the future, providing more rides, more attractions, more shopping and dining and all around more memory making. But the problem is we don't know when these new lands are going to be opening up shop. And our best guess is years down the road. That means Magic Kingdom is going to have fewer things to offer here for a little bit. Doesn't mean you're going to get bored in the slightest. There's still plenty to see and do. It's just good to set expectations and know that this back half of Magic Kingdom is going to be way less immersive for a while, and there are fewer Btier attractions, which can mean more crowding in other places around Liberty Square and Frontier Land for the time being. The next point's a bit of a half and half. Half pro, halfcon, depending on when you visit. Attractions like Big Thunder Mountain Railroad and Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin will also be closed at the start of next year, but they've already been closed for a good long while throughout 2025. While we don't know when they're slated to reopen, we do know that Disney plans to reopen them sometime in 2026. And that's great if your vacation just so happens to align with those reopening plans. But for the release of this video, there are no exact dates for us to go off of yet. So, you might want to wait before you lock in your 2026 vacation dates, just until we hear about something more concrete for those refreshed rides. Or you can just lock in your trip anyways and cross your fingers without getting your hopes too high up. Another thing to be on your toes about are potential closures for Carousel of Progress since Disney recently announced they'd be adding a new scene at the start of the show sometime in the future featuring a Walt Disney animatronic like you can find over at Disneyland now. And a big one to be on the lookout for. Cinderella Castle will be getting a paint job in the future, switching her back to her OG blue and white colors. Lots of Disney fans are thrilled to hear about that one. But whenever it does happen, expect some serious scrims and construction to pop up around the castle there. No matter when your Magic Kingdom visit is slated to happen, there are new things that started up in Magic Kingdom in 2025 that you can check out for the first time ever next year if you haven't already gotten the chance to see them. The two key new things, Disney Starlight Dream the Night Away parade is dazzling the Magic Kingdom streets each night, featuring bright and glowing floats with new and classic Disney characters alike. The parade tends to happen twice nightly, once before and once after Happily Ever After. But it's best to check your My Disney Experience app and find out the exact times that the show will commence on the evening of your visit. And Beacon Barrel is the new Pirates of the Caribbean themed interactive lounge over in Adventure Land with tropical drinks and interesting bites and lots of immersive moments that help expand the Pirates of the Caribbean storyline. This lounge is small but mighty popular, so you'll need to prioritize those advanced dining reservations 60 days before your visit if it's a priority spot for you. Magic Kingdom on a normal day is a great time, but during a Magic Kingdom special event, you could really plus up your visit with limited time entertainment and potentially shorter ride lines. We got a full Disney World 12 month calendar already fixed up and ready to send your way. All you need to do is scan the QR code you see on the screen or click on the link in the description for Disneyfoodblog.com/wdwcal right after this. But for now, we're going to stick with the Magic Kingdom stuff since, you know, MK's the star of our show today. After hours events are returning to Magic Kingdom on select nights from January 12th to July 27th, 2026. I'm becoming a real big fan of these events. Well, I shouldn't even say becoming. I've been a huge fan of these events for a long time. Prices for them can be as expensive, if not more expensive, than a regular day ticket. But capacity for after hours is limited, meaning you'll have access to over 20 Magic Kingdom attractions, including the super popular ones like Tron and Seven Dwarfs Mine Train without all the extra waiting around and Lightning Lane planning. And guess what? Ice cream, popcorn, and drinks are included with admission, too. So, anytime you're starting to feel hungry, grab a snack and don't think twice. Magic Kingdom's After Hours are ultra special because they also come with an exclusive fireworks show, Disney Enchantment. And that's doubly awesome because that means you'll get double the fireworks action with your after hours ticket. Disney After Hours at Magic Kingdom begins at 10:00 p.m. and lasts for 3 hours, ending at 1:00 a.m. And guests with event tickets are allowed to enter the park as early as 7, meaning you'll still be able to watch the general admission Happily Ever After Fireworks show as well. You can also meet Mickey Mouse at Town Square Theater and meet Disney princesses at Princess Fairy Tale Hall during after hours if you'd like to prioritize some of those popular characters, too. So, lots to do during this event, but way fewer people to get in your way. Super super win. Also, if you're there in the summer, then that means you get to ride everything in Magic Kingdom, shorter wait times, tons of free snacks, and the sun isn't trying to kill you. This is definitely a win-winw win-win. If you're staying at a deluxe level Disney resort during your vacation, then you might already have a version of after hours in your back pocket. Extended evening hours are available for deluxe level resort guests only on certain nights at certain parks, giving you two extra hours in the park after it closes for the general public. You will still need a general admission ticket to the parks to use this perk. And you're not going to get all the backto-back all-inclusive snacks, nor will you get the extra fireworks show. But hey, 2 hours more of park attractions and even fewer crowds is not too shabby when you have that option at your disposal already. Just be extra mindful of when and where extended evening hours are happening by checking up on them via the Disney World Hours and events calendar or by downloading our updated DFB 12-month calendar, which I just talked about earlier, and that might even be easier for you to navigate. Magic Kingdom also likes to celebrate all the little fun moments throughout the year that you won't need to make any extra purchases for beyond your theme park tickets. You might find some specialty green treats on the bakery shelves around St. Patrick's Day or see the Easter Bunny, Mr. and Mrs. Bunny actually meet and greet with guests around Easter weekend. Or if you don't mind Braving the Crowds, Magic Kingdom also does specialty evening fireworks around the 4th of July, too. Disney's Celebrate America, a Fourth of July concert in the sky, will play not once, not twice, but on three different nights of the Independence Day holiday weekend in 2026 from July 3rd to the 5th. Keep in mind that this fireworks show will replace Happily Ever After on those nights. So, if you'd rather see Happily Ever After and maybe have, I don't know, fewer people to worry about, then hang tight and book your Magic Kingdom Day post 4th of July weekend. More crowd-heavy celebrations happen in Magic Kingdom leading up to New Year's Day. Magic Kingdom celebrates the New Year countdown with their exclusive Fantasy in the Sky fireworks show in 2025. This show is going to happen on both December 30th and 31st, which we expect to happen for 2026 as well. Though, I definitely keep my eye on official dates once it gets closer to time. On both nights, the fireworks will take place twice at 7:30 p.m. and 11:50 p.m. Speaking of crowds, Disney crowds also tend to pick up around Run Disney race weekends. Ren Disney hosts several race weekend events throughout the year with distances ranging from 5ks to full marathons and several races will also cut through Magic Kingdom to make the walk, jog, run all the more memorable. The Walt Disney World Marathon weekend will happen January 7th to the 11th. The Disney Princess Halfmarathon weekend will happen shortly after that from February 26th to March 2nd. The Run Disney Springtime Surprise Weekend kicks off on April 16th to the 19th. And the Wine and Dine Half Marathon happens sometime towards the end of October. And then we've got the big ones, the party tickets. Magic Kingdom celebrates two big after hours holiday parties towards the end of each year. Mickey's Nots So Scary Halloween Party and Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party. While parties vary a little bit from year to year, we have full party videos out now for the events that we experience this year that'll give you a really good overview of what to expect next year. The main gist, think after hours events, but longer, with more holiday entertainment and seasonal overlays, exclusive characters, and different types of free treats like candy trails for Halloween and hot cocoa and cookies for Christmas. On the night of a holiday party, Magic Kingdom's going to close early for general admission guests by 6:00 p. p.m. So, keep that in mind if you're planning your trip, but you're not planning on going to one of the parties. Okay, we've made it to my favorite part of this video, are rapid fire truths about every single ride. There are a lot of reasons why Magic Kingdom is considered the best of the Disney World parks, but one of those is that it has double, more than double in some cases, the amount of rides versus what other Disney World parks can provide. So, here's what we're going to do. I'm going to take you around each land of Magic Kingdom to show you which rides are considered popular attractions, where lines can get super long, or filler attractions, where lines stay relatively manageable. Okay, let's go. In Fantasy Land, you've actually got a lot of filler rides here where wait times tend to be less than 30 minutes. These include It's a Small World, Dumbo the Flying Elephant, Mad Tea Party, Prince Charming Regal Carousel, Barn Stormer, and Under the Sea: Journey of the Little Mermaid. When it comes to Fantasy Land rides, you might want to prioritize first thing in the morning cuz their weights can get pretty long after the first hour of the day. Think Peter Pan's Flight and Seven Dwarfs Mine Train as your early theme park entry/ropppedrop gotos. Both of these rides can easily rack up 75 plus minute weights daily. Though between the two, Seven Doors tends to be more in demand with weights that could even push past the 2-hour threshold by the afternoon. Now, early theme park entry is available for all Disney guests staying at one of the Disney-owned hotels, giving you a 30inut head start to the day before the park's open to everyone else. You'll only be able to get on the rides in Fantasy Land and Tomorrowland during this time, aside from Tron, which is the outlier. The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh is a tricky one to pin down in terms of priority ride versus filler ride. Sometimes the line is long, sometimes it's manageable. So, I'd say keep your eye on the My Disney Experience app and check Winnie the Pooh's forecasted wait time, which you'll be able to see by tapping on the ride itself via the app and going to its main page. That way, you'll know around the time when its Q-ine is predicted to be less busy that day. In Liberty Square, you've only got Haunted Mansion to worry about right now. And yes, this ride is often pretty popular. Much like Winnie the Pooh, it does have its moments where its lines can drop down to a much more reasonable weight, especially more towards the end of the night when people are getting ready to watch the fireworks. In Frontier Land, there's only Tiana's Bayou Adventure that you need to keep your sights set on right now until Big Thunder Mountain opens up later in the year. Because Tiana's is still a newish experience, ride lines tend to get pretty significant for this one, especially during the summer season or warmer days. So, I definitely say hitting up this one closer to rope drop would be the best way to experience it with the shortest weight. Unless you're getting multipass lightning lanes. More on those in just a sec. In Adventure Land, the Magic Carpets of Aladdin is definitely going to be a filler ride. Don't wait any longer than 15 minutes for this one, y'all. But remember that every once in a while, Aladdin and Jasmine come right at rope drop, and they like to ride this ride first. No, really. You might be able to ride it with them. Jungle Cruise is going to be your most popular ride in Adventureland with weights often averaging around 30 to 50 minutes. Weights do drop down for Jungle Cruise quite a bit by the end of the day. Once it's dark out, it can be a bit more difficult to see some of the animal animatronics, but then again, it makes the temple sequence of the ride pretty clear and eerie. Pirates of the Caribbean is a lot like Haunted Mansion when it comes to wait times, but all in all, this one tends to hover around 20 to 30 minutes on average. Not terrible in Disney speak. Finally, in Tomorrowland, filler rides are going to include Astro Orbiter, Tomorrowland Speedway, and People Mover. Welcome all members of the unofficial People Mover fan club. As your president, I must say, it's lovely to see y'all again. How are the kids? Tron Light Cycle Run and Space Mountain are the two most popular rides and coasters in the area, with Tron being the most popular of them all. It's not a bad idea to use your early theme park entry time to at least get in line for Tron, which you are allowed to do. You're not going to be able to ride it until the park officially opens, but you can get ahead of the queue and get all your stuff stowed in a locker during that time. Then again, if you hit up Space Mountain during early theme park entry, you'll just be able to walk right on it. So, totally your call. Lots of rides and lots of rides to try and prioritize. But if you want to make sure you hit up the bulk of these rides without waiting in forever long lines for them, your best course of action in the Magic Kingdom specifically is going to be to budget for Lightning Lanes. Lightning lanes upon first glance can sound like a lot to handle on top of all your itinerary planning that you're already trying to juggle. But once you get the hang of them, they're going to help you out instead of stress you out. There are three types of lightning lanes to choose from. You got multipass, single pass, and premier pass. But I'm going to focus my attention today on multipass and single pass. You can read more about Premier Pass and the other Lightning Lane strategies across the other Disney World parks by downloading our free guide to maximizing lightning lanes over at disneyfoodblog.com/multipass after this. Currently, what I'm going to do is focus on the most popular lightning lane selections and talk about how you can strategize them in the best possible way. Starting with our single pass options. Single pass is the alle cart version of lightning lanes. You'll pay one price per ride per person per ride through. This is available for two rides in Magic Kingdom Tron and Seven Dwarfs Mine Train. While you can purchase a single pass for both of these in a single day, that can get a little bit pricey for just two rides. So, you might want to choose one or the other. If given the choice, I'd probably choose Tron unless your group is made up of much younger members. That way, you can book a Lightning Lane return window for anytime after the sun sets. Unlike lots of Disney rides, Tron tends to see its highest weight times towards the end of the night since that's when you can see the grid canopy all lit up and looking really cool. Okay, moving on to Multipass. Now, Multipass gives you Lightning Lane selections for not just one ride, but lots of rides at a time. You'll be able to make three Multipass pre-selections 7 days before your hotel check-in if you're staying at a Disney hotel, or 3 days before your park visit if you're staying not in a Disney hotel. All your other multipass lightning lanes will be chosen the day of your visit. You can make another lightning lane selection right after you use the one you're currently holding. Meaning you can hold on to three multi passes at all times all day long. So in summary, choose three rides, head to the park, use one lightning lane, immediately book another, use one lightning lane, immediately book another. Dja vu, rinse and repeat till the end of the day. All right, good. So here's the next thing to keep in mind. When you're in the park, book whatever Lightning Lane you see pop up on the My Disney Experience app that'll work best for your group's itinerary. No questions, just book it. But when you're making those Magic Kingdom pre-selections, keep in mind that Jungle Cruise, Space Mountain, Peter Pants Flight, and Tiana's Bayou Adventure are all tier one attractions. That means you cannot pre-seelelect all three Lightning Lanes from that specific tier. You can choose one from tier one ahead of time, but the other two need to be from the tier 2 list of options. Tiers go away once you step into the park. So, if you book, say, Space Mountain as a pre-selection, but see a Peter Pan's flight selection pop up later on in the day, by all means, grab it. It's yours. So, which pre-selections from Tier 1 are the best pre-selections? Now, it's of course going to depend on your family's vibe, but in general, let's remember that both Space Mountain and Peter Pan's Flight can be accessed during early theme park entry, so you might be able to knock out one or both of those first thing in the morning. If your family's more about the thrills, consider booking Tiana's Bayou Adventure as your pre-selection. But if you've got some group members who are less than keen about dropping down a 50-ft plunge and getting soaked, Jungle Cruise might be a much better easygoing option. Okay, wait, I lied. This is my favorite part of this video. We've got the new, we've got the classics, we've got the food you'll have a hard time pulling me away from. The restaurants and snack stands that I've got for you today are going to be the stars of 2026. I feel it in my soul. For the record, if you've already got your DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining from the dfbstore.com website, or you're about to get it and you're planning on using that discount savings code YouTube to secure some major savings, wink wink, nudge nudge, then be sure to take a look at the specific Magic Kingdom section for not just the full list of snacks and restaurant locations, but also a clearcut list that'll show you which places use Disney dining plan credits, average restaurant price ranges for each location, which restaurants offer offer certain discounts, how tricky each restaurant is to make reservations for on a scale of 1 to five, and other nifty tidbits that'll help make your Disney dining decisions a whole lot easier to make, which is always our main goal. Okay, moving on to the newest stuff you're going to find in Magic Kingdom to eat this year. Beacon Barrel. We already mentioned Beacon Barrel, but yeah, that's the big new and noteworthy one and the one you've got to prioritize those reservations for. As Beacon Barrel story goes, a legendary pirate rum runner called Captain Meridian Mary Goldwin established this lively pirate pub alongside Rummy, her first mate and best feathered friend companion, who is going to keep an eye on the lounge from a roost at the top. This family-friendly tavern features options that are good for all ages, as well as immersive cocktails that are strictly for the 21 and over crowd. Note, there is a 45minute time limit for your time inside the Beacon Barrel just to make sure as many pirate patrons as possible have time to go eat, drink, and be merry. Now, Beacon Barrel might be the most noteworthy new guy on the block, but Astro Fizz kind of snuck into the Tomorrowland scene not too too long ago to offer up another location for your theme park typical snack items like popcorn and glazed nuts and frozen slushies, etc. But the real reason we keep coming back here is that there's a cherry cola churro on the menu. And it's weird, but not in a bad weird. It's just bizarre for a soda goblin like me to be eating her soda instead of drinking it. Alas, love that Disney World's finally expanding a little bit more in the churro department. Hopefully, that's an ongoing trend. And hopefully Disney World can take a few notes from Disneyland's churros to keep making these fried cinnamon dough sticks even better. So, what's popular in Magic Kingdom? This is Magic Kingdom. They want you to feel like royalty here, so it makes sense that the castles and the palaces would be the most popular in the park. Out of Disney's three palace/castle-like dining establishments, probably the easiest to book reservations for on a regular crowdle day are going to be Crystal Palace, right off of Main Street, USA. Crystal Palace is an elegantl looking table service buffet only steps away from Cinderella Castle. Here you're going to find items for lunch and dinner like seasonal pastas and shrimp creole, country fried chicken and gravy. So very diverse spread of kind of comfort food really. And for breakfast, expect the usual morning lineup. Eggs, bacon sausage along with a few key standouts like the Mickey Churro waffles. But the real stars of the show here are the 100 Acre Wood pals Winnie the Pooh, Piglet, Eeyore, and Tiger join the party to celebrate a very important day, friendship day. By the way, hate to ruin the specialness, but every day is friendship day for this group of stuffed animals, so you never have to miss out. Be Our Guest Restaurant over in Fantasy Land has reservations that can get a little pinchy sometimes, but lately reservations are easier to come by cuz it's really expensive here. Originally, Beast opened as a quick service option during lunch and a table service during dinner. But nowadays, we've lost our fabulous quick service lunch, and it's all expensive. You got prefixed dining for both lunch and dinner. Now $72 per adult, 43 per kid. Lunch and dinner both serve up French inspired cuisine like durac pork chops, ple rouge chicken, and filet minan. And while the food is fine, what you're really paying for is the atmosphere. The food here is a little more like think high-end wedding food, you know, but very kind of clearly mass- prodduced. That's kind of the vibe you're going to get. It's getting better, but that's still kind of what you're getting. So, like I said, what you're really paying for here is the atmosphere. Makes you feel like you're dining in the beast's castle. It is absolutely gorgeous in there. And the only way you can get in is by paying this crazy prefix price to get in. So, might be worth it to see inside. Be our guest restaurant is not a full character meal like you'll find at Crystal Palace, but there is a character experience that takes place. At some point during your meal, the beast will probably walk through the various dining rooms, but he won't stop for meet and greets. And then we've got the big one, the mother of all castle dining, the one that you'll have to lock in if you want to secure an advanced dining reservation 60 days before your trip. Cinderella's Royal Table inside the Cinderella Castle. This is Disney magic at its finest, y'all. Inside the castle, you'll be surrounded by scaling stone walls that are adorned with tapestries and art and stained glass windows. And this is one of those restaurants you're going to want to book if meeting the princesses is a huge deal for your group because you're going to be able to meet a swarm of them during the course of your meal. Starting with Cinderella, who you're going to get a photo op with even before you're seated. While princesses tend to rotate, some of the gals that swing by the castle most often are Rapunzel, Princess Aurora, and Jasmine. But we've also seen Merida, Ariel, Belle, and other fan favorites. So, you never know who is going to be there to say hello. If you book a meal for lunch or dinner, you're going to receive a prefix menu where you'll choose one appetizer, one entree, and one dessert. But if you don't mind getting up and around earlier, you can also dine here for breakfast. Still a prefix menu, but a cheaper price point for the exact same castle experience and princesses. And by cheaper, I mean you're still going to have to pay $76 per adult for the morning instead of $89 for lunch and dinner. Yeah, this could easily be the most expensive meal you eat all vacation. So, start saving if this is a priority or experience for you. Okay, if you've only got an hour before happily ever after, but your tummyy's rumbling for some snack rolls, Main Street USA always has sweet and savory snacks nearby. Along Main Street USA, you got Casey's Corner for hot dogs and corn dog nugs. Main Street Confectionary for specialty sweets, including custom popcorn creations, big old cookie pies, and a whole lot more. Where that came from, and the Plaza Ice Cream Parlor for, well, hopefully you can guess what's served up here. While you'll have to wait in physical lines for Plaza Ice Cream Parlor, you can mobile order from Casey's Corner in Main Street Confectionary ahead of time to skip over those ordering cues that tend to get even more dense right before the show starts. Okay, ready to talk about my favorite stuff in Magic Kingdom. I like a meal at Cinderella's Royal Table as much as the next royal subject, but if I'm being real with you now, that's definitely not where I'm going to go to find my absolute all-time favorite food inside this park. Turns out my favorite Magic Kingdom snacks and eats are going to cost you a whole lot less. Sometimes when I go to Magic Kingdom, I strictly eat inside Liberty Square and nowhere else. And why wouldn't I? There's the Sleepy Hollow refreshment snack window for my breakfast waffles, both sweet and savory. There's the Columbia Harbor House quick service for a lunch of surf and turf along with an extra basket of those tasty golden hush puppies. And there's the Liberty Tree Tavern. This is the family style restaurant with endless Thanksgiving eats and tomato baby chowing down on his little tomato as he watches and judges you from the frame picture nearby. Liberty Square might not be everyone's go-to favorite land in Magic Kingdom, but the restaurants here do not hold back. Sure, you can't find much on the menus at some snack locations, but what they lack in options, they make up for in quality. Take the spring roll cart right outside of Adventureland. The spring roll cart only ever sells two different flavors of spring rolls. But to make things more interesting, the spring roll flavors switch out sometimes. In the past, we've seen flavors here like Philly cheese steak and pepperoni pizza, pastrami and pepper jack, buffalo chicken. But the flavor that tends to stick around and not rotate out like the others is the legendary cheeseburger option, which tastes like a Big Mac shoved inside a fried crispy shell. Nothing offensive about that. Westward Hoe in Frontier Land has been a sleeper hit of mine for a while now. They're just always releasing some sort of treat that makes me go, "Really, Westward Hoe? What are you doing?" Currently on the menu for breakfast, Westward Ho has this Mickeyshaped bacon pecan caramel cinnamon roll that is soft and fresh and huge. It's the best Mickeyshaped cinnamon roll you'll find anywhere on property. It is swimming in caramel sauce. This cinnamon roll is living out my dream. There's also a candied bacon skewer on the menu. Random. available all day, not just during breakfast. And this is a shanked slab of pork coated in maple brown sugar and served with a side of chips to give it more crunch and savory appeal. Apparently, another all day offering here is the Joffre Coffee, which you can get hot or as a cold brew. Coffee lines are a whole lot shorter here than they are over at key coffee locations, even the main Joffrey's Revive kiosk in Tomorrowland. And if you want to jazz it up with an additional flavor, you're more than welcome to add caramel, hazelnut, vanilla, sugar-free vanilla, or whatever the seasonal offering might be for an extra 50ents. This is definitely a way to save on your coffee waiting in line time. But I still think my favorite place to grab a snack in Magic Kingdom is going to be Gaston's Tavern over in Fantasy Land. Again, small menu here, but everything available is going to hit the spot. There's literally nothing here I'd steer you away from. You want the gray stuffed cupcake? Good choice. Safe choice. You want the warm cinnamon roll? My favorite choice. You want the creme brulee croissant? My new favorite choice. You want the ham and grier sandwich? Love it. Gaston does like to switch things up every now and then. But even when we're sad to see one treat go, it's usually replaced by something equally as good, if not better. Okay, I admit it. For a girl who loves food, sometimes my main go-tos don't have me venturing outside of my comfort zone as often as I probably should. A basket of chicken tenders hates to see me coming. That's why I really don't mind munching my way around Magic Kingdom. The eights and sweets are pretty familiar for the most part, but Adventureland does help me step outside the dining box with its more unique assortment of options sometimes. Specifically, when I book a reservation over at Skipper Canteen, this restaurant is across the way from Jungle Cruise, which surprise is what this restaurant is based on. So, you know you're in for a pantastic meal. The eats here are more unusual and unique than what you'll find at most Magic Kingdom restaurants cuz they're inspired by cuisine from around the world. Some of her personal favorites are the hardy hard charu pork, the tastes like chicken because it is, and the false family falafel. There's also a secret menu you can ask your server about that changes up regularly, but more often than not, the powo Brazilian cheese bread is going to be your hidden menu gem here. And you know what? Since we're already in Adventure Land, let's head over and get a Dole Whip at Aloha Isle. I know there are a lot of places to grab Dolehip around property nowadays, but Aloha Isle walked, so all those other places could run. Aloha Isle has your standard pineapple Dole Whip on offer and specialty Dolehip desserts like the pineapple upside down cake and the occasional seasonal dolehip offering, too. But if you're looking for even more Dole Whip variety in the Adventureland area, head over to Sunshine Tree Terrace. It's also a solid option with a few more flavors beyond that standard pineapple, including options for customizable Dole Whip floats, soda, and Dole Whip. Yeah, count me in. Now that you got a taste for Magic Kingdom snacks, you're probably ready to see them all. Right. Right. It's okay to admit it. I'm right here with you, which is why the DFB team and I created the Magic Kingdom snack guide in the first place. This is an excuse to talk about literally every snack in Magic Kingdom. We've created ultimate snack guides for every park actually as featured on the dfbstore.com website. So you do have the choice to purchase them individually if you're just on the hunt for one or two or you can get our snack guide bundle for a highly discounted price to have access to the whole wonderful world of Disney World snacking. If you've got a hanker in for Disney entertainment beyond the rides, then guess what? Magic Kingdom's got that, too. So let's take a look at all the different shows that you can check out on your next visit. From the popular offerings to the ones that make you go, "Really? I didn't know Disney offered that." The afternoons in Magic Kingdom are filled with popular characters and well-known songs and larger than life parade floats. You're going to find them all during Festival of Fantasy. While all the floats in this parade are highly impressive, and Flynn Riders got away with that smolder of his, the firebreathing Maleficent Dragon tends to be the highlight of this one. Maleficent shows up twothirds of the way through the parade. So, if you're watching it from start to finish, expect her to make her appearance around the 8 to 10 minute mark. Normally, Festival of Fantasy happens twice daily, but double check the My Disney Experience app at the start of your day, just in case those show times change. Okay, the Disney Adventure Friends Cavalcade. Think of this one like the samplesized version of a full-on Disney parade. Adventure Friends features Disney pals like Nick and Judy, Beloo, Miguel, Merida, Moana, Elena, Toy Story characters, Clarabel, and more. It is an eclectic mix. The Disney Starlight Dream the Night Away parade we already talked about a little bit earlier, but if you're looking for the specifics, the parade begins on Main Street, USA, and travels toward Frontier Land for its parade route. It's a reverse of the Festival of the Fantasy daytime parade route. It typically happens twice each night, once before Happily Ever After and once after the castle show, but again, double check show times for this one on the day of your visit. And the parade lasts approximately 12 minutes in any given viewing area. Another hidden gem, the Let the Magic Begin welcome show. Starting your day at rope drop in Magic Kingdom. Disney characters, including Mickey and Minnie, will gather in front of Cinderella Castle to help you kick off the day with music and magic and overall excitement for what's ahead. Now, this one's popularish. The Mickey's Magical Friendship Fair Castle Show. I say ish because even if you didn't know about this Cinderella Castle stage show, more than likely you'll be walking around the castle hub and stumble upon it anyways because it happens pretty frequently throughout the day. During Mickey's Magical Friendship Fair, Mickey, Minnie, Donald, Daisy, and Goofy are joined by characters from The Princess and the Frog, Tangled, and Frozen to sing songs and just celebrate everyone getting along and being all buddy buddy. The Main Street Philarmonic is Magic Kingdom's 12piece brass band and percussion ensemble. You'll encounter them playing and marching on Main Street USA and Storybook Circus throughout the day. And around 5:00 p.m., the Main Street Felarmonic performs the Star Spangled Banner during the daily flag retreat. This is another hidden gem of the park. The flag retreat is a special ceremony that takes place in town square as the American flag is retired for the evening. Members of the color guard will pass the flag to a guest veteran, followed by a procession on Main Street, making for a very sweet and goosebump worthy moment. The Dapper Dans are a well-known barberh shop quartet in the Disney circuit for sure. But if you don't swing by Main Street USA during one of their showtimes to see them, you'll miss out on the harmonizing ac capella ways, which is easier to do than you might expect. Again, again, again, check Showtimes on the My Disney Experience app. I don't want you to miss out on something you definitely want to see. Right outside the Casey's Corner Quick Service is a ragtime pianist that even takes Disney song requests. It's a perfect spot to take in some tunes right within view of Cinderella Castle. Magic Kingdom has several animatronic stage shows that are a great way to fill your afternoon because a they don't normally have too long of wait times, b they're indoors and airond conditioned, and c they're another classic piece of Disney entertainment at its finest. Animatronic stage shows in the Magic Kingdom include Hall of Presidents in Liberty Square, Country Bear Musical Jamberee in Frontier Land, Walt Disney's Enchanted Tiki Room in Adventureland, and Carousel of Progress in Tomorrowland. Not every indoor stage show in Magic Kingdom is led by a cast of animatronics, though. For instance, the sight, sounds, and even sense of filler magic in Fantasy Land brings songs and scenes from popular Disney films to life in a whole new way. There's rarely ever a huge wait for this 4D movie. Plus, it's got some crisp AC for you to enjoy. Monsters in Glaf Floor uses audience participation to get the jokes rolling. If you're not super comfortable with being called out on the spot, you might want to skip this one. Although that means you're going to be missing out on the opportunity to be that guy if you know you know. Over in fantasy land, you can step inside the cottage of Maurice and Belle and through a magic mirror that is very cool to enjoy a live retelling of Beauty and the Beast with help from Lumiere, Mrs. Pots, Belle herself, and maybe even you. Enchanted Tales is not a traditional meet and greet location, but it is a fun and unique way to interact with some of your favorite characters straight from the castle. Now, happily ever after is the epitome of the Disney World experience. Stunning fireworks, memorable Disney songs, projections featuring iconic Disney film moments and characters, all taking place on and over Cinderella Castle. Please excuse me while I reach for my tissues. Allergy season is really getting to us lately. If you want to see the whole show with all the projections, it's best to stake out a spot on Main Street, USA about 30 minutes before all the hoopla begins. But if the projections really aren't a big deal for you and you're cool with just seeing the fireworks and hearing the music, then you can get a spot at the last minute behind Cinderella Castle around the Fantasy Land area for a much less crowded view of the spectacular. But I mean, they are fireworks. You can see them from all over Magic Kingdom. Personally, I love to watch this show from the People Mover. There are so many potential Disney friends for you to meet while you're in Magic Kingdom. So, let's talk characters. And this goes even beyond characters in the parades or in the restaurants or featured on the stage shows. I'm going to try to keep things brief here. Haven't had a lot of luck with that so far in this video. But there are so many friends who make their rounds regularly around this park. And I'm going to give you the quick lay of the meet and greet land as well as fill you in on how you can potentially meet other characters even beyond who I'm telling you about currently. On Main Street USA, this is where you're going to find that iconic Mickey Mouse meet and greet over at Town Square Theater. But over on the town square porch, you're often going to meet other characters, too, like one of the Disney princesses. Fantasy Land, no shocker here, is going to be your main meet and greet hub. The big one is Princess Fairy Tale Hall, where you can meet princesses like Rapunzel and Tiana, Cinderella, as well as the occasional visiting princess, who may take the place of one of the regularly scheduled princesses. You never know who's going to be in town. Pete's silly sideshow in Storybook Circus is a great way to meet the rest of the Fab Five, excluding Mickey. while they're all dressed up in their performers attire. So, that's going to be Donald, Daisy, Minnie, and Goofy. Now, you can meet Ariel over at Ariel's Grotto. Who would have thought? Mirabel spends her days in Fairy Tale Garden, located on the right-hand path when you're walking past Cinderella Castle. And speaking of Cinderella Castle, you'll often find the wicked stepsisters, Anastasia and Draella, hanging out near Cinderella Fountain. Don't want to pay to eat at Crystal Palace in order to see a silly willy-nilly old bear? Winnie the Pooh and Tiger make regular appearances right outside the many adventures of Winnie the Pooh. And Peter Pan sometimes shows up near his ride, too, outside of Peter Pan's flight. Meanwhile, over in Tomorrowland, this is going to be your prime location to meet Stitch, who tends to wander, but sometimes we'll have a little stationary meet and greet spot near Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin. Adventure Land is home to Aladdin and Jasmine, who will spend time meeting with new and old friends alike over at the Agriba Bazaar near the Magic Carpets of Aladdin ride. And be on the lookout for Captain Jack Sparrow, who sometimes hangs out nearby the Pirates of the Caribbean ride when he's not searching for rum, of course. Throughout the day, you never know who you're going to encounter next. So, be sure to check the My Disney Experience app and the information boards posted around the park for characters and their appearance times. I've definitely seen Alice and the Mad Hatter over by the teacups. We've seen Gaston over by Gaston's Tavern. You just never know who's going to show up. Oh, and sometimes you might find out that one or several of those lovable country bears are going to be hanging around outside their stage show in Frontier Land. Now, recently we've been seeing a whole lot more of the fairy godmother, who is now doing one-on-one meet and greets inside Bibbidity Bobbidity Boutique, but you might get lucky and catch her outside of the boutique on occasion over in Fantasy Land as well. So, Bibbidity Bobbidity, what now? Magic Kingdom is far from your typical amusement or theme park. Meaning, you're going to find some pretty quirky and out there experiences that you won't find at other non-D Disney theme parks. Maybe not even at other Disney theme parks either. So, if you're looking for the most unique add-ons for your Magic Kingdom Day, here's a list for you to choose from. Bibbidity Bobbidity Boutique is one of those once in a-lifetime things that you'll want to make reservations for before your kids age out of the experience. This is for ages 3 to 12 only. There are different packages and different price points that you can choose from, but each package will give your kiddo the opportunity to star in their own magical fairy tale for the next 90 minutes as their very own fairy godmother pampers them with makeup and hairstyles and costumes and accessories that you're going to want to take a gazillion pictures of. If you need a little extra pirate training before your reservation at the Beacon Barrel, then you'll want to make your way over to the Crows Nest and join in on a scavenger hunt called A Pirates Adventure: Treasures of the Seven Seas. At this little building right outside of the Adventure Land entrance coming from Frontier Land, you'll receive a free treasure map in Talisman where you'll need to follow the clues to solve each mystery. Once you collect all five cards in the game, you'll get a sixth card signed by Captain Jack himself. Now, this is completely free and anybody can do it. Smells on Parade is a complimentary familyfriendly search and sniff adventure where guests will become Timothy Q Mouse's whiff assistants to help out Dumbo's newest act. Just stop by the ticket booth near Big Top Souvenirs and New Fantasy Land for a free guide map to get started. Harmony Barber Shop is a vintage style salon inside Main Street, USA, where all ages can go and get their haircut. But the most memorable part of this experience is taking your little one to go get their very first haircut in Disney World. The My First Haircut Experience starts at $28 and includes not only the haircut, but also a commemorative Mickey ear hat, a keepsake lock of hair, and an official milestone certificate. Magic Kingdom doesn't have one fireworks dessert party or two fireworks dessert parties. It has three. But no matter which you choose, each one's going to give you a variety of desserts and cheeses and beverages, alcoholic and non, to enjoy over at Tomorrowland Terrace and VIP viewing of the Happily Ever After Fireworks Show. The differences between the three parties are when you'll get to enjoy your spread of desserts and where you'll go for your VIP viewing. For the pre and post dessert party, you'll be led to a standing area in the plaza garden to watch the fireworks. And for the seats and sweets party, you'll get to stay in the Tomorrowland Terrace to have VIP viewing from the comfort of the seats out on the restaurant's patio. You can probably piece together the difference between the prefireworks dessert party and the postfireworks dessert party by yourself. But just to make it 110% clear, the pre-party serves desserts before the show and the postparty serves desserts after the show. And as for the seats and sweets party, you'll get to enjoy your desserts during the show. Again, from the comfort of a table and chair. The Keys to the Kingdom Tour is a 5-hour walk-in guided experience, offering behindthe-scenes access to some of Magic Kingdom's most hidden areas. One of the big tour highlights includes VIP access to the famous, but only seen by cast members, util tunnels. constructed underneath Magic Kingdom. Prices for the tour are about 169 to 189 per person on top of your regular day ticket, but that price does also cover lunch and a commemorative gift. Okay, you asked, so I'm going to answer. Y'all have been giving me some really tough questions to address about Magic Kingdom, so hopefully these answers finally give you the clarity you've been looking for. First question, how distracting is the construction really? I mean, it makes a pretty big dent in the back of the park, and that's definitely an eyes sore. The Rivers of America is dearly missed, but the water won't be gone for good just during all the construction. That being said, when it comes to big attractions, the only thing being impacted by the back of park construction at the moment is Big Thunder Mountain Railroad, and that should reopen sometime next year. So, the construction isn't pretty, but it's not taking away all those big rides and experiences that you probably have at the top of your priority list anyway. Next question. What is truly the best angle for happily ever after? Well, in past Magic Kingdom videos of ours, we've talked about all the different angles you can watch Happily Ever After. You can watch the Happily Ever After Fireworks from minus the intense crowds behind the castle in Fantasy Land, riding an outdoor ride like Astro Orbiter, Tiana's Bayou Adventure, on the beach side of the nearby Polynesian Village Resort. Honestly, there are lots of places that'll give you a clear view of just the fireworks. But if you're looking for the whole kitten kaboodleoodle with fireworks and castle projections and projections down the storefronts lining Main Street, USA, there's no way around it. You got to be on Main Street and plan to brave the crowds. Personally, I like to be right there in the hub, especially if I want to see everything. So, I'll be up there near Plaza Restaurant and uh Casey's Corner usually. But if you want to be sure to get out of the park as quickly as possible, that's when you want to take Bria's advice and stand back by the flag pole, then you can kind of escape as soon as those fireworks are done going off. Next question. Does Magic Kingdom actually have the worst park food? Well, I guess it depends on who you're talking to. Magic Kingdom has the safest food that most picky eaters are going to be fine with, which is why I hyped up Skipper Canteen earlier, because that's really going to be your best bet for adventurous dining, aside from the new Beacon Barrel, which is also in Adventure Land. But when it comes to getting the absolute best food on Disney property, even the signature Cinderella's Royal Table, which costs tons of money, is typically fine when it comes to entre, right? Again, many of these Magic Kingdom locations have you paying for the overall immersion factor, not necessarily the high quality dining. So, if you're someone who would rather pay more on a good meal rather than an interactive one, I'd say save your big dinner money for a restaurant that's going to give you a really highquality entree like California Grill, a Contemporary Resort, or Lelia and Abcott, Hollywood Brown Derby, Hollywood Studios, lots of restaurants in Disney Springs, and lots of hotel restaurants as well. I think the best dining in all of Disney World is going to be found in Disney Springs and at the hotels. Next question. If you could only do one thing in Magic Kingdom, what? People mover. Sorry, was that too eager? People mover. Yes, a thousand times over. This is the correct answer for all of those who are a part of our unofficial People Mover fan club. But all joking aside, I am not joking. I really do love the calm pockets of peace you can find around Magic Kingdom that don't draw nearly the crowds of some of the other attractions. People mover definitely being one of them. I'd also be happy as a clam just grabbing a dole whip from Aloha Isle, watching the enchanted tiki room, calling it a day. So, here's your reminder to find the little things around Magic Kingdom in the midst of your jam-packed park day. And be sure, be sure to appreciate those cast members and the magic that they make every single day in Walt Disney World. Tell them thank you. Give them cast member compliments on your My Disney Experience app. and just be sure to recognize them for the hard work that they do. Okay, Magic Kingdom folks, if you're planning on going to this park in 2026, then shout out the one thing you're looking forward to about your visit the most in the comments so that we can get hyped up with you. We got lots more Magic Kingdom videos where that came from. So, be sure to check out some of our other planning videos next, like what you need to know before you eat in Magic Kingdom or our Magic Kingdom bucket list video. And don't forget to download that free Disney World 12-month calendar of ours over at disneyfoodblog.com/wdwcal. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real soon.
