---
video_id: hzNeJtDHndw
channel: DFBGuide
title: "8 Tips to Score Disney World's Cheapest Tickets"
published: 2025-12-30
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzNeJtDHndw
---
A 2026 Disney World vacation might be A 2026 Disney World vacation might be A 2026 Disney World vacation might be one of the best times to score some one of the best times to score some one of the best times to score some cheaper theme park tickets. How? We're cheaper theme park tickets. How? We're cheaper theme park tickets. How? We're giving you all the updates today here on giving you all the updates today here on giving you all the updates today here on DFB Guide. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. If you've already watched some of Blog. If you've already watched some of Blog. If you've already watched some of our 2026 videos, then you know that 2026 our 2026 videos, then you know that 2026 our 2026 videos, then you know that 2026 for the DF team is the year that we've for the DF team is the year that we've for the DF team is the year that we've decided to track down as many value decided to track down as many value decided to track down as many value opportunities for you as possible. And opportunities for you as possible. And opportunities for you as possible. And that goes for Disney dining and that goes for Disney dining and that goes for Disney dining and shopping, even ticket purchases, which shopping, even ticket purchases, which shopping, even ticket purchases, which is why today's video is entirely focused is why today's video is entirely focused is why today's video is entirely focused on Disney World theme park tickets and on Disney World theme park tickets and on Disney World theme park tickets and how you can avoid paying top dollar for how you can avoid paying top dollar for how you can avoid paying top dollar for them no matter when your next visit to them no matter when your next visit to them no matter when your next visit to Orlando might be. Okay, our first tip is Orlando might be. Okay, our first tip is Orlando might be. Okay, our first tip is one that will be useful for you anytime one that will be useful for you anytime one that will be useful for you anytime you're going to Disney World, and it's you're going to Disney World, and it's you're going to Disney World, and it's choosing your start date wisely. The choosing your start date wisely. The choosing your start date wisely. The start date for your multi park tickets start date for your multi park tickets start date for your multi park tickets really does matter when you're trying to really does matter when you're trying to really does matter when you're trying to save a buck or two. And that's because save a buck or two. And that's because save a buck or two. And that's because the amount you pay for your park tickets the amount you pay for your park tickets the amount you pay for your park tickets all depends on the starting date that all depends on the starting date that all depends on the starting date that you select for your park tickets. Now, you select for your park tickets. Now, you select for your park tickets. Now, let me show you an example. Let's look let me show you an example. Let's look let me show you an example. Let's look at 4 days worth of park tickets and at 4 days worth of park tickets and at 4 days worth of park tickets and choose a starting date for them for a choose a starting date for them for a choose a starting date for them for a day in August 2026. Notice how every day day in August 2026. Notice how every day day in August 2026. Notice how every day on the calendar shows a different price on the calendar shows a different price on the calendar shows a different price point. So, if I select August 13th as my point. So, if I select August 13th as my point. So, if I select August 13th as my start date, it doesn't matter what the start date, it doesn't matter what the start date, it doesn't matter what the other prices in that ticket range say. I other prices in that ticket range say. I other prices in that ticket range say. I will pay that $137 as listed on August will pay that $137 as listed on August will pay that $137 as listed on August tickets. But is that really going to tickets. But is that really going to tickets. But is that really going to give me the cheapest ticket option give me the cheapest ticket option give me the cheapest ticket option available? Take a look at that range available? Take a look at that range available? Take a look at that range again. If I were to choose my start date again. If I were to choose my start date again. If I were to choose my start date as say August 16th, the ticket price as say August 16th, the ticket price as say August 16th, the ticket price drops down to $128 per day. Sure, my drops down to $128 per day. Sure, my drops down to $128 per day. Sure, my I chose this date instead, but I'd still I chose this date instead, but I'd still I chose this date instead, but I'd still have August 16th to 19th in my visiting have August 16th to 19th in my visiting have August 16th to 19th in my visiting range like I had before. Or if you had range like I had before. Or if you had range like I had before. Or if you had even more flexibility with your even more flexibility with your even more flexibility with your schedule, you could possibly select your schedule, you could possibly select your schedule, you could possibly select your starting date for August 18th, which starting date for August 18th, which starting date for August 18th, which features the cheapest 4-day park days of features the cheapest 4-day park days of features the cheapest 4-day park days of all the month, priced at $123 each. Just all the month, priced at $123 each. Just all the month, priced at $123 each. Just take some playing around with not only take some playing around with not only take some playing around with not only the park ticket calendar, but also your the park ticket calendar, but also your the park ticket calendar, but also your own trip schedule. How much flexibility own trip schedule. How much flexibility own trip schedule. How much flexibility for your trip will you have and which for your trip will you have and which for your trip will you have and which ticket starting date is going to help ticket starting date is going to help ticket starting date is going to help you save the most money during your you save the most money during your you save the most money during your vacation's time frame? Costs you nothing vacation's time frame? Costs you nothing vacation's time frame? Costs you nothing to experiment. And again, Disney doesn't to experiment. And again, Disney doesn't to experiment. And again, Disney doesn't hide the ticket prices. So, you can hide the ticket prices. So, you can hide the ticket prices. So, you can totally check these prices at any time totally check these prices at any time totally check these prices at any time to find out which starting dates will to find out which starting dates will to find out which starting dates will have the most expensive tickets and have the most expensive tickets and have the most expensive tickets and which will help you save the most money which will help you save the most money which will help you save the most money in the end. Because even if it's $12, in the end. Because even if it's $12, in the end. Because even if it's $12, $12 for your whole family, that's a meal $12 for your whole family, that's a meal $12 for your whole family, that's a meal basically. Now, I mentioned just now basically. Now, I mentioned just now basically. Now, I mentioned just now that Disney doesn't hide the ticket that Disney doesn't hide the ticket that Disney doesn't hide the ticket prices from you. So, let's talk about prices from you. So, let's talk about prices from you. So, let's talk about that for a second. Disney tells you what that for a second. Disney tells you what that for a second. Disney tells you what their ticket prices are going to look their ticket prices are going to look their ticket prices are going to look like for the whole year. When you head like for the whole year. When you head like for the whole year. When you head to the Disney World website to purchase to the Disney World website to purchase to the Disney World website to purchase theme park tickets, after you choose theme park tickets, after you choose theme park tickets, after you choose your park ticket preference, general or your park ticket preference, general or your park ticket preference, general or park hopper, and you choose how many park hopper, and you choose how many park hopper, and you choose how many days you want to be in the parks for, days you want to be in the parks for, days you want to be in the parks for, Disney's going to take you down to a Disney's going to take you down to a Disney's going to take you down to a theme park ticket, which lays out all theme park ticket, which lays out all theme park ticket, which lays out all the ticket prices for the whole year. the ticket prices for the whole year. the ticket prices for the whole year. Meaning, you can literally choose how Meaning, you can literally choose how Meaning, you can literally choose how much you're going to pay. Prices will much you're going to pay. Prices will much you're going to pay. Prices will automatically adjust based on how many automatically adjust based on how many automatically adjust based on how many days you're planning to be in the parks. days you're planning to be in the parks. days you're planning to be in the parks. But just as an average rule of thumb, But just as an average rule of thumb, But just as an average rule of thumb, the more days you plan on spending in the more days you plan on spending in the more days you plan on spending in the parks, the cheaper your daily park the parks, the cheaper your daily park the parks, the cheaper your daily park ticket price is going to be. As Disney ticket price is going to be. As Disney ticket price is going to be. As Disney likes to say, the more you play, the likes to say, the more you play, the likes to say, the more you play, the less you pay per day, right? Park ticket less you pay per day, right? Park ticket less you pay per day, right? Park ticket prices are broken up into three prices are broken up into three prices are broken up into three different seasons: value, regular, and different seasons: value, regular, and different seasons: value, regular, and peak. So, when do each of these seasons peak. So, when do each of these seasons peak. So, when do each of these seasons actually take place? For value season, actually take place? For value season, actually take place? For value season, you're going to find the best ticket you're going to find the best ticket you're going to find the best ticket prices around back to school time. prices around back to school time. prices around back to school time. August and September tickets often fall August and September tickets often fall August and September tickets often fall into the lower end of the price into the lower end of the price into the lower end of the price spectrum. Meanwhile, peak season prices spectrum. Meanwhile, peak season prices spectrum. Meanwhile, peak season prices start around spring break from mid-March start around spring break from mid-March start around spring break from mid-March until midappril. As the holidays roll in until midappril. As the holidays roll in until midappril. As the holidays roll in throughout October, November, and throughout October, November, and throughout October, November, and December, you're going to start seeing December, you're going to start seeing December, you're going to start seeing your highest ticket prices of the year your highest ticket prices of the year your highest ticket prices of the year since that's the very, very peak of since that's the very, very peak of since that's the very, very peak of Disney's peak travel time. So, quick Disney's peak travel time. So, quick Disney's peak travel time. So, quick heads up. If you want a Disney World heads up. If you want a Disney World heads up. If you want a Disney World vacation and you want to save money in vacation and you want to save money in vacation and you want to save money in any way you can, we can help you have any way you can, we can help you have any way you can, we can help you have your cake and eat it, too. Just scan the your cake and eat it, too. Just scan the your cake and eat it, too. Just scan the QR code you see on the screen right now QR code you see on the screen right now QR code you see on the screen right now or click on the or click on the or click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/discoplans. We're going to send you our free, yep, We're going to send you our free, yep, We're going to send you our free, yep, $0 complimentary Disney World planning $0 complimentary Disney World planning $0 complimentary Disney World planning worksheets that'll not only give you worksheets that'll not only give you worksheets that'll not only give you fill-in-theblank budgeting pages, but fill-in-theblank budgeting pages, but fill-in-theblank budgeting pages, but we'll give you so many savings tips that we'll give you so many savings tips that we'll give you so many savings tips that you can apply to several different you can apply to several different you can apply to several different variables of your trip, including the variables of your trip, including the variables of your trip, including the ones that Disney doesn't have any power ones that Disney doesn't have any power ones that Disney doesn't have any power over, like flights and car rides, over, like flights and car rides, over, like flights and car rides, off-site hotels, and more. Okay, back to off-site hotels, and more. Okay, back to off-site hotels, and more. Okay, back to tickets specifically. When you go to tickets specifically. When you go to tickets specifically. When you go to make a park ticket purchase, you're not make a park ticket purchase, you're not make a park ticket purchase, you're not just going to have one option or two just going to have one option or two just going to have one option or two options. You're going to have a lot of options. You're going to have a lot of options. You're going to have a lot of stuff to consider. There's the single stuff to consider. There's the single stuff to consider. There's the single day park ticket that'll get you into one day park ticket that'll get you into one day park ticket that'll get you into one park one day. There's the general park one day. There's the general park one day. There's the general multi-day park ticket that's going to multi-day park ticket that's going to multi-day park ticket that's going to get you into one park on each day for get you into one park on each day for get you into one park on each day for several days. And then there's the park several days. And then there's the park several days. And then there's the park hopper ticket that'll allow you to visit hopper ticket that'll allow you to visit hopper ticket that'll allow you to visit multiple parks in one day for an extra multiple parks in one day for an extra multiple parks in one day for an extra $65 plus on top of your regular ticket $65 plus on top of your regular ticket $65 plus on top of your regular ticket price. Then there's the Park Hopper Plus price. Then there's the Park Hopper Plus price. Then there's the Park Hopper Plus ticket that'll allow you to visit ticket that'll allow you to visit ticket that'll allow you to visit multiple parks in one day and get an multiple parks in one day and get an multiple parks in one day and get an equal amount of days for extra Disney equal amount of days for extra Disney equal amount of days for extra Disney activities of your choice, including activities of your choice, including activities of your choice, including options like one of the Disney water options like one of the Disney water options like one of the Disney water parks, Typhoon Lagoon or Blizzard Beach, parks, Typhoon Lagoon or Blizzard Beach, parks, Typhoon Lagoon or Blizzard Beach, or a round of golf or mini golf. You got or a round of golf or mini golf. You got or a round of golf or mini golf. You got a few different options there. And a a few different options there. And a a few different options there. And a Park Hopper Plus is going to cost an Park Hopper Plus is going to cost an Park Hopper Plus is going to cost an extra $85 plus on top of your regular extra $85 plus on top of your regular extra $85 plus on top of your regular ticket price. You'll also be presented ticket price. You'll also be presented ticket price. You'll also be presented with the option to tack on the memory with the option to tack on the memory with the option to tack on the memory maker package with your theme park maker package with your theme park maker package with your theme park ticket purchase, which will give you ticket purchase, which will give you ticket purchase, which will give you access to all the photo pass pictures access to all the photo pass pictures access to all the photo pass pictures you have taken all vacation long. And if you have taken all vacation long. And if you have taken all vacation long. And if you're purchasing a vacation package, you're purchasing a vacation package, you're purchasing a vacation package, which bundles the price of park tickets which bundles the price of park tickets which bundles the price of park tickets and a Disney hotel stay in one, you can and a Disney hotel stay in one, you can and a Disney hotel stay in one, you can choose whether or not you want to add on choose whether or not you want to add on choose whether or not you want to add on a Disney dining plan to your package, a Disney dining plan to your package, a Disney dining plan to your package, too, which will prepay for the majority too, which will prepay for the majority too, which will prepay for the majority of your meals and snacks before you even of your meals and snacks before you even of your meals and snacks before you even step foot on property. So, at the end of step foot on property. So, at the end of step foot on property. So, at the end of the day, if you're just looking to spend the day, if you're just looking to spend the day, if you're just looking to spend your time at one park per day and you your time at one park per day and you your time at one park per day and you want to choose the cheapest ticket want to choose the cheapest ticket want to choose the cheapest ticket option out there, the general single or option out there, the general single or option out there, the general single or multi-day tickets are going to do just multi-day tickets are going to do just multi-day tickets are going to do just what you need them to do, get you inside what you need them to do, get you inside what you need them to do, get you inside the parks. You don't have to have all the parks. You don't have to have all the parks. You don't have to have all the extra bells and whistles if you the extra bells and whistles if you the extra bells and whistles if you don't think you need them or if you're don't think you need them or if you're don't think you need them or if you're overwhelmed just hearing about them. So, overwhelmed just hearing about them. So, overwhelmed just hearing about them. So, don't buy the extra stuff just because don't buy the extra stuff just because don't buy the extra stuff just because it's there. park hoppers, extra it's there. park hoppers, extra it's there. park hoppers, extra waterpark tickets, the Disney dining waterpark tickets, the Disney dining waterpark tickets, the Disney dining plan, memory maker. They can be nice, plan, memory maker. They can be nice, plan, memory maker. They can be nice, but they're not required for you to have but they're not required for you to have but they're not required for you to have a successful trip by any means. If a successful trip by any means. If a successful trip by any means. If you're considering purchasing any of you're considering purchasing any of you're considering purchasing any of these add-ons, look into them before you these add-ons, look into them before you these add-ons, look into them before you commit just to make sure they'll commit just to make sure they'll commit just to make sure they'll actually add value to your vacation. actually add value to your vacation. actually add value to your vacation. Otherwise, skip them and save that money Otherwise, skip them and save that money Otherwise, skip them and save that money wherever and however you can. wherever and however you can. wherever and however you can. I know it's not always feasible for I know it's not always feasible for I know it's not always feasible for families to travel around non- peak families to travel around non- peak families to travel around non- peak season times, but that doesn't mean you season times, but that doesn't mean you season times, but that doesn't mean you can't still save money on theme park can't still save money on theme park can't still save money on theme park tickets just cuz you're planning on tickets just cuz you're planning on tickets just cuz you're planning on traveling during a time of year that's traveling during a time of year that's traveling during a time of year that's naturally more convenient for folks. The naturally more convenient for folks. The naturally more convenient for folks. The special offers, deals, and discounts special offers, deals, and discounts special offers, deals, and discounts page on the Disney World website will be page on the Disney World website will be page on the Disney World website will be your guide for all things savings. Often your guide for all things savings. Often your guide for all things savings. Often there will be savings available for there will be savings available for there will be savings available for specific groups of people like Disney specific groups of people like Disney specific groups of people like Disney Visa card holders, annual passholders, Visa card holders, annual passholders, Visa card holders, annual passholders, Disney Plus subscribers, or even locals Disney Plus subscribers, or even locals Disney Plus subscribers, or even locals or almost locals like Georgia residents or almost locals like Georgia residents or almost locals like Georgia residents and affinity groups like Disney Vacation and affinity groups like Disney Vacation and affinity groups like Disney Vacation Club members and US military members. Club members and US military members. Club members and US military members. But there are also several savings But there are also several savings But there are also several savings opportunities that happen throughout the opportunities that happen throughout the opportunities that happen throughout the year that'll be open for everyone to year that'll be open for everyone to year that'll be open for everyone to use. Deals vary, of course, depending on use. Deals vary, of course, depending on use. Deals vary, of course, depending on the details of your trip, but savings the details of your trip, but savings the details of your trip, but savings are savings. One way or another, you'll are savings. One way or another, you'll are savings. One way or another, you'll want to look into it. When I find want to look into it. When I find want to look into it. When I find savings like this, I like to tell my DFB savings like this, I like to tell my DFB savings like this, I like to tell my DFB newsletter folks ASAP because I know how newsletter folks ASAP because I know how newsletter folks ASAP because I know how quickly these deals can get snatched up quickly these deals can get snatched up quickly these deals can get snatched up once they're released. So, if you sign once they're released. So, if you sign once they're released. So, if you sign up for our DFB newsletter, you can be up for our DFB newsletter, you can be up for our DFB newsletter, you can be part of this insider knowledge and never part of this insider knowledge and never part of this insider knowledge and never miss out on one of these discounted miss out on one of these discounted miss out on one of these discounted opportunities again. I can't tell you opportunities again. I can't tell you opportunities again. I can't tell you how many emails I get when these come how many emails I get when these come how many emails I get when these come out of people telling me that they saved out of people telling me that they saved out of people telling me that they saved hundreds and sometimes even thousands of hundreds and sometimes even thousands of hundreds and sometimes even thousands of dollars thanks to being on that dollars thanks to being on that dollars thanks to being on that newsletter. By the way, it's free and newsletter. By the way, it's free and newsletter. By the way, it's free and you can sign up for it at the link in you can sign up for it at the link in you can sign up for it at the below. the description below. the description below. Guess what, Costco and Sam's Club Guess what, Costco and Sam's Club Guess what, Costco and Sam's Club members? You might be able to get your members? You might be able to get your members? You might be able to get your vacation packages for way cheaper than vacation packages for way cheaper than vacation packages for way cheaper than what the Disney World website what the Disney World website what the Disney World website advertises. Throughout the year, these advertises. Throughout the year, these advertises. Throughout the year, these membership style stores regularly run membership style stores regularly run membership style stores regularly run discounts on Disney World getaways. For discounts on Disney World getaways. For discounts on Disney World getaways. For example, not too long ago, Sam's Club example, not too long ago, Sam's Club example, not too long ago, Sam's Club had deals going on for all Disney gift had deals going on for all Disney gift had deals going on for all Disney gift card purchases. Gift cards that you card purchases. Gift cards that you card purchases. Gift cards that you could use toward purchasing Disney theme could use toward purchasing Disney theme could use toward purchasing Disney theme park tickets, too, if you wanted. park tickets, too, if you wanted. park tickets, too, if you wanted. Regular members could save $10 on a $200 Regular members could save $10 on a $200 Regular members could save $10 on a $200 gift card purchase, while Plus members gift card purchase, while Plus members gift card purchase, while Plus members could save 20. Savings like these aren't could save 20. Savings like these aren't could save 20. Savings like these aren't always guaranteed, but when they do always guaranteed, but when they do always guaranteed, but when they do happen, they don't usually stick around happen, they don't usually stick around happen, they don't usually stick around for long. They sell out pretty quick, for long. They sell out pretty quick, for long. They sell out pretty quick, which is why it never hurts to check which is why it never hurts to check which is why it never hurts to check them during your next grocery run, just them during your next grocery run, just them during your next grocery run, just in case. for more of a Disney gift card in case. for more of a Disney gift card in case. for more of a Disney gift card discount guarantee, which again you can discount guarantee, which again you can discount guarantee, which again you can use toward future Disney theme park use toward future Disney theme park use toward future Disney theme park ticket purchases and everything else ticket purchases and everything else ticket purchases and everything else you're going to buy at Disney. Target you're going to buy at Disney. Target you're going to buy at Disney. Target Red Card members get 5% off all Red Card members get 5% off all Red Card members get 5% off all purchases. Right. And while this purchases. Right. And while this purchases. Right. And while this discount excludes purchases of Target discount excludes purchases of Target discount excludes purchases of Target gift cards, it does not exclude gift cards, it does not exclude gift cards, it does not exclude purchases of Disney gift cards. So purchases of Disney gift cards. So purchases of Disney gift cards. So that's an easy 5% savings on your entire that's an easy 5% savings on your entire that's an easy 5% savings on your entire trip right there. The cheapest Disney trip right there. The cheapest Disney trip right there. The cheapest Disney World tickets anyone can get are the World tickets anyone can get are the World tickets anyone can get are the ones that you don't have to pay for. So, ones that you don't have to pay for. So, ones that you don't have to pay for. So, good news all you new parents and good news all you new parents and good news all you new parents and guardians out there. This might apply to guardians out there. This might apply to guardians out there. This might apply to you. Kids who are 2 years old and you. Kids who are 2 years old and you. Kids who are 2 years old and younger can get into the parks for free. younger can get into the parks for free. younger can get into the parks for free. And bonus savings, these kids will also And bonus savings, these kids will also And bonus savings, these kids will also be able to eat free at the table service be able to eat free at the table service be able to eat free at the table service buffets, too. So, if you want to take buffets, too. So, if you want to take buffets, too. So, if you want to take your kid to Disney before you have to your kid to Disney before you have to your kid to Disney before you have to pay full price for them, you might want pay full price for them, you might want pay full price for them, you might want to do that before their third birthday to do that before their third birthday to do that before their third birthday comes around. Okay. So, most people comes around. Okay. So, most people comes around. Okay. So, most people aren't going to fall under that 3 years aren't going to fall under that 3 years aren't going to fall under that 3 years old category to be eligible for free old category to be eligible for free old category to be eligible for free Disney World tickets, but here's another Disney World tickets, but here's another Disney World tickets, but here's another free ticket option you might be able to free ticket option you might be able to free ticket option you might be able to take advantage of at any age as long as take advantage of at any age as long as take advantage of at any age as long as you meet a few requirements first. you meet a few requirements first. you meet a few requirements first. Disney's water parks aren't normally Disney's water parks aren't normally Disney's water parks aren't normally free, but they will be free for your free, but they will be free for your free, but they will be free for your travel party if everyone in your party travel party if everyone in your party travel party if everyone in your party is planning to stay at any of the is planning to stay at any of the is planning to stay at any of the Disney-owned hotels, including Disney Disney-owned hotels, including Disney Disney-owned hotels, including Disney Vacation Club properties, during your Vacation Club properties, during your Vacation Club properties, during your vacation, and you're taking a vacation vacation, and you're taking a vacation vacation, and you're taking a vacation in summer 2026. Unlike 2025, when free in summer 2026. Unlike 2025, when free in summer 2026. Unlike 2025, when free water park tickets are available to water park tickets are available to water park tickets are available to Disney hotel guests all year long, the Disney hotel guests all year long, the Disney hotel guests all year long, the free tickets will only be offered during free tickets will only be offered during free tickets will only be offered during the summer season in 2026. and you get the summer season in 2026. and you get the summer season in 2026. and you get to Disney World early enough on your to Disney World early enough on your to Disney World early enough on your hotel check-in day to actually take hotel check-in day to actually take hotel check-in day to actually take advantage of this deal because after advantage of this deal because after advantage of this deal because after check-in day, those free tickets will check-in day, those free tickets will check-in day, those free tickets will disappear on you. Granted, you don't disappear on you. Granted, you don't disappear on you. Granted, you don't have to check into your hotel just yet have to check into your hotel just yet have to check into your hotel just yet in order to use that waterpark perk. So, in order to use that waterpark perk. So, in order to use that waterpark perk. So, you could technically hop on over to the you could technically hop on over to the you could technically hop on over to the water park as soon as you cross into the water park as soon as you cross into the water park as soon as you cross into the Disney bubble and start enjoying this Disney bubble and start enjoying this Disney bubble and start enjoying this free hotel perk as soon as possible. But free hotel perk as soon as possible. But free hotel perk as soon as possible. But if you need to drop off your luggage if you need to drop off your luggage if you need to drop off your luggage before you start enjoying all that free before you start enjoying all that free before you start enjoying all that free water park goodness, you can still swing water park goodness, you can still swing water park goodness, you can still swing by your hotel first thing in the by your hotel first thing in the by your hotel first thing in the morning, even before your room is ready morning, even before your room is ready morning, even before your room is ready for you, and ask Bell Services to hold for you, and ask Bell Services to hold for you, and ask Bell Services to hold on to your stuff. Okay, so this is a on to your stuff. Okay, so this is a on to your stuff. Okay, so this is a little bonus one for you, and I think we little bonus one for you, and I think we little bonus one for you, and I think we should start talking about it. This is should start talking about it. This is should start talking about it. This is not a ticket saving strategy that's in not a ticket saving strategy that's in not a ticket saving strategy that's in place quite yet per the release of this place quite yet per the release of this place quite yet per the release of this video, but it could be a strategy that video, but it could be a strategy that video, but it could be a strategy that you'll need to consider. Hugh Johnston, you'll need to consider. Hugh Johnston, you'll need to consider. Hugh Johnston, Disney's senior executive vice president Disney's senior executive vice president Disney's senior executive vice president and chief financial officer, said that and chief financial officer, said that and chief financial officer, said that the Walt Disney Company is investing in the Walt Disney Company is investing in the Walt Disney Company is investing in dynamic ticket pricing. So, this pricing dynamic ticket pricing. So, this pricing dynamic ticket pricing. So, this pricing approach could be making its way to the approach could be making its way to the approach could be making its way to the domestic parks in the coming years. domestic parks in the coming years. domestic parks in the coming years. Currently, Disney World uses a pricing Currently, Disney World uses a pricing Currently, Disney World uses a pricing system called surge pricing, where system called surge pricing, where system called surge pricing, where ticket prices can vary by park and day. ticket prices can vary by park and day. ticket prices can vary by park and day. The higher the park demand during a The higher the park demand during a The higher the park demand during a certain time, the higher the ticket certain time, the higher the ticket certain time, the higher the ticket price. With surge pricing, once the price. With surge pricing, once the price. With surge pricing, once the ticket price is announced though, it's ticket price is announced though, it's ticket price is announced though, it's fixed and doesn't really change. Even if fixed and doesn't really change. Even if fixed and doesn't really change. Even if you check back on it another day or two, you check back on it another day or two, you check back on it another day or two, whether you buy a ticket one day or in 2 whether you buy a ticket one day or in 2 whether you buy a ticket one day or in 2 months, the price will remain the same months, the price will remain the same months, the price will remain the same on that day. The dynamic pricing works a on that day. The dynamic pricing works a on that day. The dynamic pricing works a lot like plane tickets or hotel room lot like plane tickets or hotel room lot like plane tickets or hotel room stays. Prices for these things change stays. Prices for these things change stays. Prices for these things change every time you look at them depending on every time you look at them depending on every time you look at them depending on demand and how it changes over time. So, demand and how it changes over time. So, demand and how it changes over time. So, you have to be more aware of when you you have to be more aware of when you you have to be more aware of when you book those tickets and reservations. book those tickets and reservations. book those tickets and reservations. This could mean ticket prices increase, This could mean ticket prices increase, This could mean ticket prices increase, of course, but it could also mean they of course, but it could also mean they of course, but it could also mean they decrease if Disney wants to try and decrease if Disney wants to try and decrease if Disney wants to try and encourage more people to flock to the encourage more people to flock to the encourage more people to flock to the parks during a time when demand isn't so parks during a time when demand isn't so parks during a time when demand isn't so high. So, how would dynamic ticket high. So, how would dynamic ticket high. So, how would dynamic ticket pricing impact the way we score cheaper pricing impact the way we score cheaper pricing impact the way we score cheaper ticket options in the future? Well, ticket options in the future? Well, ticket options in the future? Well, similar to a flight, there's a good similar to a flight, there's a good similar to a flight, there's a good possibility that prices will naturally possibility that prices will naturally possibility that prices will naturally go up if you wait too long to book them. go up if you wait too long to book them. go up if you wait too long to book them. I understand wanting to wait to book I understand wanting to wait to book I understand wanting to wait to book your tickets if you're holding out on your tickets if you're holding out on your tickets if you're holding out on learning about a certain release date learning about a certain release date learning about a certain release date for an up andcoming Disney World for an up andcoming Disney World for an up andcoming Disney World attraction, but a system like this might attraction, but a system like this might attraction, but a system like this might mean that when set attractions actually mean that when set attractions actually mean that when set attractions actually do have official dates announced, ticket do have official dates announced, ticket do have official dates announced, ticket prices might increase for those release prices might increase for those release prices might increase for those release dates as soon as the announcement is dates as soon as the announcement is dates as soon as the announcement is made. It's all going to be a gamble for made. It's all going to be a gamble for made. It's all going to be a gamble for sure, but your best rule of thumb for sure, but your best rule of thumb for sure, but your best rule of thumb for savings while using a dynamic pricing savings while using a dynamic pricing savings while using a dynamic pricing system is to book earlier rather than system is to book earlier rather than system is to book earlier rather than later if you have a good idea of when later if you have a good idea of when later if you have a good idea of when you want to take your upcoming Disney you want to take your upcoming Disney you want to take your upcoming Disney World trip. Because more often than not, World trip. Because more often than not, World trip. Because more often than not, lastminute tickets and reservations will lastminute tickets and reservations will lastminute tickets and reservations will probably hike up their prices with a new probably hike up their prices with a new probably hike up their prices with a new system like this. Whenever and if it system like this. Whenever and if it system like this. Whenever and if it does go live, we'll keep our ears and does go live, we'll keep our ears and does go live, we'll keep our ears and eyes open for more updates on the eyes open for more updates on the eyes open for more updates on the dynamic pricing matter. So stay tuned to dynamic pricing matter. So stay tuned to dynamic pricing matter. So stay tuned to stay informed. Now, let's keep the value stay informed. Now, let's keep the value stay informed. Now, let's keep the value going. Check out some of our other going. Check out some of our other going. Check out some of our other valueheavy Disney World videos that valueheavy Disney World videos that valueheavy Disney World videos that we've recently released, like one of my we've recently released, like one of my we've recently released, like one of my recent favorites called I Spent Only $40 recent favorites called I Spent Only $40 recent favorites called I Spent Only $40 on Disney World food. That was a fun on Disney World food. That was a fun on Disney World food. That was a fun one. And don't forget to download those one. And don't forget to download those one. And don't forget to download those free Disney World worksheets that I free Disney World worksheets that I free Disney World worksheets that I talked about earlier. It's over at talked about earlier. It's over at talked about earlier. It's over at disneyfoodblog.com/discoplans disneyfoodblog.com/discoplans disneyfoodblog.com/discoplans and join our newsletter. That's where and join our newsletter. That's where and join our newsletter. That's where we're going to let you know about all we're going to let you know about all we're going to let you know about all the discounts and deals, even the ones the discounts and deals, even the ones the discounts and deals, even the ones that are about to sell out really that are about to sell out really that are about to sell out really quickly, so you need to know about them quickly, so you need to know about them quickly, so you need to know about them right away. Thanks for listening, right away. Thanks for listening, right away. Thanks for listening, everyone, and thanks for watching. As everyone, and thanks for watching. As everyone, and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog, always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog, always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog, and we'll see you real soon.
