---
video_id: ZoNFV1itbh0
channel: DFBGuide
title: "12 Biggest Time-Wasters in Disney World"
published: 2025-12-17
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZoNFV1itbh0
---
Mega ride lines, transportation, major Mega ride lines, transportation, major Mega ride lines, transportation, major mistakes, and purchases that end up mistakes, and purchases that end up mistakes, and purchases that end up costing you more than money. These are costing you more than money. These are costing you more than money. These are the biggest time wasters you're going to the biggest time wasters you're going to the biggest time wasters you're going to want to avoid during your next Disney want to avoid during your next Disney want to avoid during your next Disney World vacation. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Vlog. Now, if you clicked on this video, Vlog. Now, if you clicked on this video, Vlog. Now, if you clicked on this video, I already know what type of person you I already know what type of person you I already know what type of person you are. You're someone who wants to are. You're someone who wants to are. You're someone who wants to maximize their time on vacation and maximize their time on vacation and maximize their time on vacation and avoid anything that might squander the avoid anything that might squander the avoid anything that might squander the limited amount of time you've got. Same. limited amount of time you've got. Same. limited amount of time you've got. Same. Thankfully, that's what this video is Thankfully, that's what this video is Thankfully, that's what this video is all about. Weeding out the time sucks so all about. Weeding out the time sucks so all about. Weeding out the time sucks so that you can fill your itinerary with that you can fill your itinerary with that you can fill your itinerary with more fun and adventures and memories and more fun and adventures and memories and more fun and adventures and memories and insert more ooey gooey sentimental stuff insert more ooey gooey sentimental stuff insert more ooey gooey sentimental stuff here as you see fit. Disney trips can be here as you see fit. Disney trips can be here as you see fit. Disney trips can be amazing, but they are also very amazing, but they are also very amazing, but they are also very expensive. So, let's make sure you get expensive. So, let's make sure you get expensive. So, let's make sure you get the biggest bang for your buck for every the biggest bang for your buck for every the biggest bang for your buck for every minute you're on property. Okay. Hey, minute you're on property. Okay. Hey, minute you're on property. Okay. Hey, it's a great idea to get over to your it's a great idea to get over to your it's a great idea to get over to your Disney hotel just as soon as you can on Disney hotel just as soon as you can on Disney hotel just as soon as you can on the day you're going to check in. What's the day you're going to check in. What's the day you're going to check in. What's not such a great idea is getting to your not such a great idea is getting to your not such a great idea is getting to your hotel bright and early, expecting your hotel bright and early, expecting your hotel bright and early, expecting your room to be ready, because it probably room to be ready, because it probably room to be ready, because it probably won't be. Typically, check-in time for won't be. Typically, check-in time for won't be. Typically, check-in time for the Disney hotels is at 300 p.m. and the Disney hotels is at 300 p.m. and the Disney hotels is at 300 p.m. and check-in time for the deluxe villas at check-in time for the deluxe villas at check-in time for the deluxe villas at hotel around, say, 9 to 10:00 a.m., hotel around, say, 9 to 10:00 a.m., hotel around, say, 9 to 10:00 a.m., you'll more than likely have hours to go you'll more than likely have hours to go you'll more than likely have hours to go before you'll receive that lovely little before you'll receive that lovely little before you'll receive that lovely little ping notification letting you know your ping notification letting you know your ping notification letting you know your room's ready. This does not mean you room's ready. This does not mean you room's ready. This does not mean you need to sit and twiddle your thumbs in need to sit and twiddle your thumbs in need to sit and twiddle your thumbs in the lobby, though. This is your chance the lobby, though. This is your chance the lobby, though. This is your chance to get a head start on your vacation. If to get a head start on your vacation. If to get a head start on your vacation. If you arrive at your hotel early and your you arrive at your hotel early and your you arrive at your hotel early and your room's not ready for you, you can always room's not ready for you, you can always room's not ready for you, you can always drop off your luggage over at Bell drop off your luggage over at Bell drop off your luggage over at Bell Services and jump straight into the fun. Services and jump straight into the fun. Services and jump straight into the fun. You'll even be able to use your resort's You'll even be able to use your resort's You'll even be able to use your resort's pools before your room's ready to go, pools before your room's ready to go, pools before your room's ready to go, just as long as it's your check-in day just as long as it's your check-in day just as long as it's your check-in day and not a day earlier than that. If your and not a day earlier than that. If your and not a day earlier than that. If your vacation happens to fall during the vacation happens to fall during the vacation happens to fall during the summer, you'll also be able to take summer, you'll also be able to take summer, you'll also be able to take advantage of Disney's free water park advantage of Disney's free water park advantage of Disney's free water park tickets available for all Disney hotel tickets available for all Disney hotel tickets available for all Disney hotel guests to use on their check-in day and guests to use on their check-in day and guests to use on their check-in day and only on their check-in day. Unlike 2025, only on their check-in day. Unlike 2025, only on their check-in day. Unlike 2025, this free water park perk is only this free water park perk is only this free water park perk is only available to use in the summer, not available to use in the summer, not available to use in the summer, not during any other time in 2026. So, if during any other time in 2026. So, if during any other time in 2026. So, if you want to do a water park day on your you want to do a water park day on your you want to do a water park day on your check-in day that lands during the check-in day that lands during the check-in day that lands during the winter, spring, or fall seasons, you winter, spring, or fall seasons, you winter, spring, or fall seasons, you have to pay extra for those tickets. But have to pay extra for those tickets. But have to pay extra for those tickets. But other things you can do that don't cost other things you can do that don't cost other things you can do that don't cost anything when you are waiting for your anything when you are waiting for your anything when you are waiting for your room to be ready. Explore the hotel. room to be ready. Explore the hotel. room to be ready. Explore the hotel. Maybe go get some good lunch. Head over Maybe go get some good lunch. Head over Maybe go get some good lunch. Head over to another resort hotel and check that to another resort hotel and check that to another resort hotel and check that out. Go to Disney Springs. There's lots out. Go to Disney Springs. There's lots out. Go to Disney Springs. There's lots of cool things around Disney you can do of cool things around Disney you can do of cool things around Disney you can do without even burning through a park without even burning through a park without even burning through a park ticket. So definitely check that out. So ticket. So definitely check that out. So ticket. So definitely check that out. So picture this. You're waiting in line for picture this. You're waiting in line for picture this. You're waiting in line for a ride like Mickey and Minnie's Runaway a ride like Mickey and Minnie's Runaway a ride like Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway in Hollywood Studios. You've Railway in Hollywood Studios. You've Railway in Hollywood Studios. You've already been in the queue for a solid 20 already been in the queue for a solid 20 already been in the queue for a solid 20 minutes when suddenly you hear an minutes when suddenly you hear an minutes when suddenly you hear an overhead announcement telling everyone overhead announcement telling everyone overhead announcement telling everyone in the line that the ride has in the line that the ride has in the line that the ride has temporarily run a muck. And so you wait temporarily run a muck. And so you wait temporarily run a muck. And so you wait and wait and wait, hoping and praying, and wait and wait, hoping and praying, and wait and wait, hoping and praying, praying and hoping that the temporary praying and hoping that the temporary praying and hoping that the temporary part actually rings true here. But who part actually rings true here. But who part actually rings true here. But who knows how long that ride's going to be knows how long that ride's going to be knows how long that ride's going to be down. Really, I know that situation is down. Really, I know that situation is down. Really, I know that situation is super frustrating. And what makes it super frustrating. And what makes it super frustrating. And what makes it even worse is that a ride breakdown is even worse is that a ride breakdown is even worse is that a ride breakdown is something completely out of your something completely out of your something completely out of your control. I mean, none of us want to control. I mean, none of us want to control. I mean, none of us want to waste time standing around in line for waste time standing around in line for waste time standing around in line for nothing. If you go to Disney World nothing. If you go to Disney World nothing. If you go to Disney World enough, you're going to hit this enough, you're going to hit this enough, you're going to hit this conundrum. What do you do? Do you stay conundrum. What do you do? Do you stay conundrum. What do you do? Do you stay there? Do you leave? If you leave, will there? Do you leave? If you leave, will there? Do you leave? If you leave, will it come right up right after you leave? it come right up right after you leave? it come right up right after you leave? It's like getting in the wrong line at It's like getting in the wrong line at It's like getting in the wrong line at the grocery store, right? Should you go the grocery store, right? Should you go the grocery store, right? Should you go to the other line? Should you not? But to the other line? Should you not? But to the other line? Should you not? But after lots and lots of testing, here's after lots and lots of testing, here's after lots and lots of testing, here's what we do. As soon as you hear that a what we do. As soon as you hear that a what we do. As soon as you hear that a ride is closing down, pay attention to ride is closing down, pay attention to ride is closing down, pay attention to the actual ride announcement. If you're the actual ride announcement. If you're the actual ride announcement. If you're able to hear it, that is. Because able to hear it, that is. Because able to hear it, that is. Because sometimes the nearby grumblings from sometimes the nearby grumblings from sometimes the nearby grumblings from other peeved off guests might make that other peeved off guests might make that other peeved off guests might make that tricky. But if there's a cast member tricky. But if there's a cast member tricky. But if there's a cast member nearby, you might be able to ask for nearby, you might be able to ask for nearby, you might be able to ask for clarification. Typically, if you hear a clarification. Typically, if you hear a clarification. Typically, if you hear a pre-recorded message overhead telling pre-recorded message overhead telling pre-recorded message overhead telling you that the ride has been momentarily you that the ride has been momentarily you that the ride has been momentarily delayed, it's a pretty safe bet that delayed, it's a pretty safe bet that delayed, it's a pretty safe bet that it'll be a quick fix. This is especially it'll be a quick fix. This is especially it'll be a quick fix. This is especially true with many of the continuously true with many of the continuously true with many of the continuously moving omnimover attractions like moving omnimover attractions like moving omnimover attractions like Spaceship Earth and Epcot or My Beloved Spaceship Earth and Epcot or My Beloved Spaceship Earth and Epcot or My Beloved People Mover in Magic Kingdom since People Mover in Magic Kingdom since People Mover in Magic Kingdom since they'll stop to let people with mobility they'll stop to let people with mobility they'll stop to let people with mobility concerns onto the ride. So, when should concerns onto the ride. So, when should concerns onto the ride. So, when should you wave the white flag and call it you wave the white flag and call it you wave the white flag and call it quits on a ride? This may go without quits on a ride? This may go without quits on a ride? This may go without saying, but if you've got an upcoming saying, but if you've got an upcoming saying, but if you've got an upcoming dining reservation, then get out of line dining reservation, then get out of line dining reservation, then get out of line so you don't miss it. Because what's so you don't miss it. Because what's so you don't miss it. Because what's worse than wasting your time in a queue worse than wasting your time in a queue worse than wasting your time in a queue for a broken down ride is wasting your for a broken down ride is wasting your for a broken down ride is wasting your time in a queue for a broken down ride time in a queue for a broken down ride time in a queue for a broken down ride and missing your dining reservation. and missing your dining reservation. and missing your dining reservation. Meaning, you're going to be charged a Meaning, you're going to be charged a Meaning, you're going to be charged a no-show fee, which is usually 10 bucks no-show fee, which is usually 10 bucks no-show fee, which is usually 10 bucks per person. Now, if you don't have an per person. Now, if you don't have an per person. Now, if you don't have an advanced dining reservation, but you advanced dining reservation, but you advanced dining reservation, but you still don't want to waste your whole day still don't want to waste your whole day still don't want to waste your whole day waiting in line for just one ride, set a waiting in line for just one ride, set a waiting in line for just one ride, set a timer on your phone for how long you're timer on your phone for how long you're timer on your phone for how long you're willing to wait for the attraction to willing to wait for the attraction to willing to wait for the attraction to get back online. When the timer goes get back online. When the timer goes get back online. When the timer goes off, it's time to move on. Most of the off, it's time to move on. Most of the off, it's time to move on. Most of the time, a ride will reopen later on in the time, a ride will reopen later on in the time, a ride will reopen later on in the day and you'll have another chance to day and you'll have another chance to day and you'll have another chance to hop back in line. But there's also the hop back in line. But there's also the hop back in line. But there's also the chance that a ride may not come back up chance that a ride may not come back up chance that a ride may not come back up and basically be closed the rest of the and basically be closed the rest of the and basically be closed the rest of the day. And that's the pits, man. But the day. And that's the pits, man. But the day. And that's the pits, man. But the best thing you can do in this kind of best thing you can do in this kind of best thing you can do in this kind of scenario is be flexible. I know, not the scenario is be flexible. I know, not the scenario is be flexible. I know, not the solve all answer you were probably solve all answer you were probably solve all answer you were probably looking for, but technical difficulties looking for, but technical difficulties looking for, but technical difficulties can and do happen. The good thing is can and do happen. The good thing is can and do happen. The good thing is that for every Disney ride that goes that for every Disney ride that goes that for every Disney ride that goes down, there are still dozens of things down, there are still dozens of things down, there are still dozens of things to see and do around the park that'll to see and do around the park that'll to see and do around the park that'll remain alive and kicking. So, don't remain alive and kicking. So, don't remain alive and kicking. So, don't allow one ride breakdown to shut you allow one ride breakdown to shut you allow one ride breakdown to shut you down for the remainder of the day. Just down for the remainder of the day. Just down for the remainder of the day. Just take a deep breath, shake it off, and take a deep breath, shake it off, and take a deep breath, shake it off, and redirect your group to something else redirect your group to something else redirect your group to something else fun to do to make up for that lost time. fun to do to make up for that lost time. fun to do to make up for that lost time. If you've scanned into a ride with your If you've scanned into a ride with your If you've scanned into a ride with your Lightning Lane, then the ride goes down Lightning Lane, then the ride goes down Lightning Lane, then the ride goes down before you can board, I'd recommend before you can board, I'd recommend before you can board, I'd recommend standing in line at least until you can standing in line at least until you can standing in line at least until you can see about getting some redemption passes see about getting some redemption passes see about getting some redemption passes if they're going to be available for you if they're going to be available for you if they're going to be available for you to pick up. It's all determined on a to pick up. It's all determined on a to pick up. It's all determined on a case-byase basis, but you won't want to case-byase basis, but you won't want to case-byase basis, but you won't want to bail until Disney officially makes that bail until Disney officially makes that bail until Disney officially makes that call one way or another. So, find a cast call one way or another. So, find a cast call one way or another. So, find a cast member. So, I basically have like zero member. So, I basically have like zero member. So, I basically have like zero patience. My whole family has zero patience. My whole family has zero patience. My whole family has zero patience. So, imagine if you will what patience. So, imagine if you will what patience. So, imagine if you will what our Disney World trips look like if we our Disney World trips look like if we our Disney World trips look like if we decide to buckle down and get in line decide to buckle down and get in line decide to buckle down and get in line for a ride like Tron Light Cycle Run for a ride like Tron Light Cycle Run for a ride like Tron Light Cycle Run that's pushing the 2-hour Q threshold. that's pushing the 2-hour Q threshold. that's pushing the 2-hour Q threshold. That's not going to happen. I love my That's not going to happen. I love my That's not going to happen. I love my family, but I know us way too well, and family, but I know us way too well, and family, but I know us way too well, and that weight could literally suck the fun that weight could literally suck the fun that weight could literally suck the fun out of the ride itself. It's only a out of the ride itself. It's only a out of the ride itself. It's only a minute after all. Waiting in the longest minute after all. Waiting in the longest minute after all. Waiting in the longest ride lines that Disney World has to ride lines that Disney World has to ride lines that Disney World has to offer is brutal. Think of it this way. offer is brutal. Think of it this way. offer is brutal. Think of it this way. Money is time. Time is money in Disney Money is time. Time is money in Disney Money is time. Time is money in Disney World. You only have so many hours World. You only have so many hours World. You only have so many hours there, and you likely paid thousands and there, and you likely paid thousands and there, and you likely paid thousands and thousands of dollars for this vacation. thousands of dollars for this vacation. thousands of dollars for this vacation. So, any minute you spend not doing So, any minute you spend not doing So, any minute you spend not doing something awesome is a minute and a something awesome is a minute and a something awesome is a minute and a dollar wasted. If you're willing to dollar wasted. If you're willing to dollar wasted. If you're willing to invest a little bit more to avoid invest a little bit more to avoid invest a little bit more to avoid wasting time and money, then Disney does wasting time and money, then Disney does wasting time and money, then Disney does have those lightning lanes that you can have those lightning lanes that you can have those lightning lanes that you can purchase. Those allow you to bypass most purchase. Those allow you to bypass most purchase. Those allow you to bypass most attraction standby lines in exchange for attraction standby lines in exchange for attraction standby lines in exchange for shorter weights. If you're interested, shorter weights. If you're interested, shorter weights. If you're interested, we got a free guide that tells you all we got a free guide that tells you all we got a free guide that tells you all about maximizing lightning lanes. You about maximizing lightning lanes. You about maximizing lightning lanes. You can download it right now by scanning can download it right now by scanning can download it right now by scanning the QR code on the screen or clicking on the QR code on the screen or clicking on the QR code on the screen or clicking on the for Disney the for Disney the for Disney foodblog.com/multipass foodblog.com/multipass foodblog.com/multipass after this. But another way to unlock after this. But another way to unlock after this. But another way to unlock shorter ride lines is purchasing a shorter ride lines is purchasing a shorter ride lines is purchasing a ticket to an after hours event. Disney's ticket to an after hours event. Disney's ticket to an after hours event. Disney's after hours are separately ticketed after hours are separately ticketed after hours are separately ticketed events that happen at certain parks on events that happen at certain parks on events that happen at certain parks on select nights and allow event guests to select nights and allow event guests to select nights and allow event guests to hang out in the parks three hours past hang out in the parks three hours past hang out in the parks three hours past closing time. These events have closing time. These events have closing time. These events have drastically reduced crowds to the point drastically reduced crowds to the point drastically reduced crowds to the point that it's kind of ghost towny in there that it's kind of ghost towny in there that it's kind of ghost towny in there sometimes. There are rare character sometimes. There are rare character sometimes. There are rare character appearances, too, and way shorter ride appearances, too, and way shorter ride appearances, too, and way shorter ride lines. Oh, and complimentary snacks like lines. Oh, and complimentary snacks like lines. Oh, and complimentary snacks like popcorn and biggie ice cream bars. So, popcorn and biggie ice cream bars. So, popcorn and biggie ice cream bars. So, after hours, guests are allowed to enter after hours, guests are allowed to enter after hours, guests are allowed to enter the parks 2 to three hours before the the parks 2 to three hours before the the parks 2 to three hours before the event kicks off, even without a regular event kicks off, even without a regular event kicks off, even without a regular park day ticket for a pre-party mixin, park day ticket for a pre-party mixin, park day ticket for a pre-party mixin, which means you won't have to miss out which means you won't have to miss out which means you won't have to miss out on the park's nighttime spectacular. on the park's nighttime spectacular. on the park's nighttime spectacular. Okay, so there's a lot of premium stuff, Okay, so there's a lot of premium stuff, Okay, so there's a lot of premium stuff, a lot of stuff you got to pay for. So, a lot of stuff you got to pay for. So, a lot of stuff you got to pay for. So, how about the free line skipping how about the free line skipping how about the free line skipping strategies now? Well, you got to turn strategies now? Well, you got to turn strategies now? Well, you got to turn towards the triedand-true tactics, my towards the triedand-true tactics, my towards the triedand-true tactics, my friends. That means waking up early. friends. That means waking up early. friends. That means waking up early. This isn't just a Disney strategy. This This isn't just a Disney strategy. This This isn't just a Disney strategy. This isn't every theme park strategy. You isn't every theme park strategy. You isn't every theme park strategy. You want to get ahead of the crowds? Wake up want to get ahead of the crowds? Wake up want to get ahead of the crowds? Wake up and arrive before the crowds do. and arrive before the crowds do. and arrive before the crowds do. Sometimes rope drop happens for a Disney Sometimes rope drop happens for a Disney Sometimes rope drop happens for a Disney World park about 15 to 30 minutes before World park about 15 to 30 minutes before World park about 15 to 30 minutes before the park officially opens. Not always, the park officially opens. Not always, the park officially opens. Not always, but sometimes. So, aim to be at the park but sometimes. So, aim to be at the park but sometimes. So, aim to be at the park of your choosing about 30 minutes before of your choosing about 30 minutes before of your choosing about 30 minutes before its official posted opening time, just its official posted opening time, just its official posted opening time, just in case. And don't forget that staying in case. And don't forget that staying in case. And don't forget that staying at a Disney owned hotel or one of the at a Disney owned hotel or one of the at a Disney owned hotel or one of the select few good neighbor hotels will select few good neighbor hotels will select few good neighbor hotels will give you access to early theme park give you access to early theme park give you access to early theme park entry. This allows you to get into any entry. This allows you to get into any entry. This allows you to get into any park 30 minutes before opening, meaning park 30 minutes before opening, meaning park 30 minutes before opening, meaning you'll want to get to the park's front you'll want to get to the park's front you'll want to get to the park's front gates even earlier just to make sure gates even earlier just to make sure gates even earlier just to make sure you're able to use that full 30 minutes you're able to use that full 30 minutes you're able to use that full 30 minutes while you've got it to spend. Along the while you've got it to spend. Along the while you've got it to spend. Along the same lines, guests staying at a deluxe same lines, guests staying at a deluxe same lines, guests staying at a deluxe Disney resort will have access to Disney resort will have access to Disney resort will have access to extended evening hours, which will give extended evening hours, which will give extended evening hours, which will give you up to two extra hours in certain you up to two extra hours in certain you up to two extra hours in certain parks on select nights. Just flash your parks on select nights. Just flash your parks on select nights. Just flash your room key and head in for an evening of room key and head in for an evening of room key and head in for an evening of very low weight times. The big drawback, very low weight times. The big drawback, very low weight times. The big drawback, of course, is that you're spending a of course, is that you're spending a of course, is that you're spending a bunch of money to stay in a deluxe bunch of money to stay in a deluxe bunch of money to stay in a deluxe Disney resort. So, this one's more of a Disney resort. So, this one's more of a Disney resort. So, this one's more of a happy little perk if you were already happy little perk if you were already happy little perk if you were already planning on staying at a deluxe resort planning on staying at a deluxe resort planning on staying at a deluxe resort in the first place. Single rider lines in the first place. Single rider lines in the first place. Single rider lines are one of my new favorite ways to cut are one of my new favorite ways to cut are one of my new favorite ways to cut down on ride weight times, especially if down on ride weight times, especially if down on ride weight times, especially if I'm taking a solo Disney trip. And I'm I'm taking a solo Disney trip. And I'm I'm taking a solo Disney trip. And I'm not saying single rider is a new not saying single rider is a new not saying single rider is a new concept, but there are more single rider concept, but there are more single rider concept, but there are more single rider options available now than there ever options available now than there ever options available now than there ever have been. And these new options tend to have been. And these new options tend to have been. And these new options tend to have fairly consistent shorter q lines. have fairly consistent shorter q lines. have fairly consistent shorter q lines. Single rider lines are available at Test Single rider lines are available at Test Single rider lines are available at Test Track and Remy's Ratatouille Adventure Track and Remy's Ratatouille Adventure Track and Remy's Ratatouille Adventure in Epcot. Those are usually very, very in Epcot. Those are usually very, very in Epcot. Those are usually very, very handy. Expedition Everest at Animal handy. Expedition Everest at Animal handy. Expedition Everest at Animal Kingdom, not as handy, but it'll still Kingdom, not as handy, but it'll still Kingdom, not as handy, but it'll still get you on the ride a little faster. get you on the ride a little faster. get you on the ride a little faster. Millennium Falcon, Smuggler's Run, Rockn Millennium Falcon, Smuggler's Run, Rockn Millennium Falcon, Smuggler's Run, Rockn Roller Coaster, and Rise of the Roller Coaster, and Rise of the Roller Coaster, and Rise of the Resistance at Hollywood Studios, but be Resistance at Hollywood Studios, but be Resistance at Hollywood Studios, but be on the lookout for seasonal single rider on the lookout for seasonal single rider on the lookout for seasonal single rider cues that might pop up during peak cues that might pop up during peak cues that might pop up during peak season times, too. For example, we've season times, too. For example, we've season times, too. For example, we've seen a single rider queue pop up for seen a single rider queue pop up for seen a single rider queue pop up for Space Mountain in Magic Kingdom on Space Mountain in Magic Kingdom on Space Mountain in Magic Kingdom on occasion. So, it's always worth keeping occasion. So, it's always worth keeping occasion. So, it's always worth keeping your eyes peeled around these your eyes peeled around these your eyes peeled around these attractions just in case a cast member attractions just in case a cast member attractions just in case a cast member is holding a single rider sign nearby. is holding a single rider sign nearby. is holding a single rider sign nearby. Now, as a last stitch effort to avoid Now, as a last stitch effort to avoid Now, as a last stitch effort to avoid ride lines, and this is only for those ride lines, and this is only for those ride lines, and this is only for those of you who are super dedicated to of you who are super dedicated to of you who are super dedicated to sailing past the standby lines to the sailing past the standby lines to the sailing past the standby lines to the point where you've got a fear of them, point where you've got a fear of them, point where you've got a fear of them, you can book a Disney World VIP tour. you can book a Disney World VIP tour. you can book a Disney World VIP tour. Talk about premium. Through Disney World Talk about premium. Through Disney World Talk about premium. Through Disney World Signature Services, you can book a Signature Services, you can book a Signature Services, you can book a private tour guide to escort you around private tour guide to escort you around private tour guide to escort you around the parks and drive you around backstage the parks and drive you around backstage the parks and drive you around backstage and give you front-of-the-line access to and give you front-of-the-line access to and give you front-of-the-line access to most Disney World rides and attractions. most Disney World rides and attractions. most Disney World rides and attractions. I know, sounds like a dream, right? But I know, sounds like a dream, right? But I know, sounds like a dream, right? But these tours cost $450 to $900 per hour these tours cost $450 to $900 per hour these tours cost $450 to $900 per hour with a $7 minimum. So, yeah, you're with a $7 minimum. So, yeah, you're with a $7 minimum. So, yeah, you're going to shell out thousands for this going to shell out thousands for this going to shell out thousands for this perk. That said, you add up to 10 people perk. That said, you add up to 10 people perk. That said, you add up to 10 people on a Disney World VIP tour. So, if you on a Disney World VIP tour. So, if you on a Disney World VIP tour. So, if you have a couple of families who want to have a couple of families who want to have a couple of families who want to share a guide for the day and split the share a guide for the day and split the share a guide for the day and split the cost, it can be a useful thing, cost, it can be a useful thing, cost, it can be a useful thing, especially on Disney World's busiest especially on Disney World's busiest especially on Disney World's busiest days or on one of those trips where days or on one of those trips where days or on one of those trips where you're only there for one day. My script you're only there for one day. My script you're only there for one day. My script writer, Bria, really felt the weight of writer, Bria, really felt the weight of writer, Bria, really felt the weight of this one during her most recent Disney this one during her most recent Disney this one during her most recent Disney World trip when she stayed off property. World trip when she stayed off property. World trip when she stayed off property. So, I'm going to let her go into the So, I'm going to let her go into the So, I'm going to let her go into the details of that. Take it away, Bria. details of that. Take it away, Bria. details of that. Take it away, Bria. &gt;&gt; Hey, everyone, Bria here. Me and my &gt;&gt; Hey, everyone, Bria here. Me and my &gt;&gt; Hey, everyone, Bria here. Me and my husband stayed at the residence in Lake husband stayed at the residence in Lake husband stayed at the residence in Lake Buenav Vista during our last Disney Buenav Vista during our last Disney Buenav Vista during our last Disney World visit, which yes, is a good World visit, which yes, is a good World visit, which yes, is a good neighbor hotel for Disney. So, neighbor hotel for Disney. So, neighbor hotel for Disney. So, technically, we could have used the free technically, we could have used the free technically, we could have used the free shuttle service if we wanted to get to shuttle service if we wanted to get to shuttle service if we wanted to get to and from the parks, but we didn't want and from the parks, but we didn't want and from the parks, but we didn't want to use it because the shuttle times were to use it because the shuttle times were to use it because the shuttle times were very, very, very limited, and we didn't very, very, very limited, and we didn't very, very, very limited, and we didn't want to mess with that. So, we just want to mess with that. So, we just want to mess with that. So, we just drove ourselves in and out of the Disney drove ourselves in and out of the Disney drove ourselves in and out of the Disney bubble every day. Now, technically, that bubble every day. Now, technically, that bubble every day. Now, technically, that shouldn't have been a very long drive. shouldn't have been a very long drive. shouldn't have been a very long drive. It's about what 8 n miles away from It's about what 8 n miles away from It's about what 8 n miles away from Disney give or take a few. But y'all, we Disney give or take a few. But y'all, we Disney give or take a few. But y'all, we still had to navigate I4 to get still had to navigate I4 to get still had to navigate I4 to get anywhere. And that meant our daily drive anywhere. And that meant our daily drive anywhere. And that meant our daily drive typically took us h 20 25 30 minutes typically took us h 20 25 30 minutes typically took us h 20 25 30 minutes sometimes. Not horrible, but stressful sometimes. Not horrible, but stressful sometimes. Not horrible, but stressful for my husband for sure, especially for my husband for sure, especially for my husband for sure, especially since I've already designated myself as since I've already designated myself as since I've already designated myself as the passenger princess. There's no way I the passenger princess. There's no way I the passenger princess. There's no way I want to attempt navigating I4. Uh, no want to attempt navigating I4. Uh, no want to attempt navigating I4. Uh, no sir. But what stressed us both out sir. But what stressed us both out sir. But what stressed us both out constantly was the shoulder-to-shoulder constantly was the shoulder-to-shoulder constantly was the shoulder-to-shoulder traffic on the daily. Even when we left traffic on the daily. Even when we left traffic on the daily. Even when we left the hotel early to get to our dining the hotel early to get to our dining the hotel early to get to our dining reservations, we still found ourselves reservations, we still found ourselves reservations, we still found ourselves racing against the clock when traffic racing against the clock when traffic racing against the clock when traffic decided not to be on our side. So, in decided not to be on our side. So, in decided not to be on our side. So, in some ways, staying off property still some ways, staying off property still some ways, staying off property still saved us time because we didn't have to saved us time because we didn't have to saved us time because we didn't have to wait at a bus stop or anything. But at wait at a bus stop or anything. But at wait at a bus stop or anything. But at other times, we found ourselves just other times, we found ourselves just other times, we found ourselves just really wishing we'd booked a value hotel really wishing we'd booked a value hotel really wishing we'd booked a value hotel along the Skylliner route and called it along the Skylliner route and called it along the Skylliner route and called it good. Although, I must say, Residents in good. Although, I must say, Residents in good. Although, I must say, Residents in has a really nice complimentary has a really nice complimentary has a really nice complimentary breakfast spread with a Mickey waffle breakfast spread with a Mickey waffle breakfast spread with a Mickey waffle baking station. So that might still baking station. So that might still baking station. So that might still persuade me to come back and stay here persuade me to come back and stay here persuade me to come back and stay here in the future, just maybe. So that's the in the future, just maybe. So that's the in the future, just maybe. So that's the thing about good neighbor hotels. Some thing about good neighbor hotels. Some thing about good neighbor hotels. Some are situated inside the Disney bubble, are situated inside the Disney bubble, are situated inside the Disney bubble, making traveling place to place around making traveling place to place around making traveling place to place around property super easy, but others require property super easy, but others require property super easy, but others require a bit more of a daily journey that a bit more of a daily journey that a bit more of a daily journey that you're going to want to read up on you're going to want to read up on you're going to want to read up on before you lock in those reservations. before you lock in those reservations. before you lock in those reservations. Also, when it comes to driving yourself Also, when it comes to driving yourself Also, when it comes to driving yourself in and out of the Disney bubble, as Bria in and out of the Disney bubble, as Bria in and out of the Disney bubble, as Bria said before, plan to always leave with said before, plan to always leave with said before, plan to always leave with plenty of time to spare. While the plenty of time to spare. While the plenty of time to spare. While the height of I4 traffic tends to be at the height of I4 traffic tends to be at the height of I4 traffic tends to be at the start of the day when locals are heading start of the day when locals are heading start of the day when locals are heading into work and tourists are heading into work and tourists are heading into work and tourists are heading toward the parks, as well as lunch rush toward the parks, as well as lunch rush toward the parks, as well as lunch rush and end of the workday rush hour around and end of the workday rush hour around and end of the workday rush hour around you're out on the road is going to be a you're out on the road is going to be a you're out on the road is going to be a busy time to be out on the road when busy time to be out on the road when busy time to be out on the road when you're around Disney World. So, if you're around Disney World. So, if you're around Disney World. So, if you've got dining reservations to get to you've got dining reservations to get to you've got dining reservations to get to inside Disney and you're staying at an inside Disney and you're staying at an inside Disney and you're staying at an off-propy hotel, I'd say a good rule of off-propy hotel, I'd say a good rule of off-propy hotel, I'd say a good rule of thumb is to head out an hour before your thumb is to head out an hour before your thumb is to head out an hour before your reservation time just to be on the safe reservation time just to be on the safe reservation time just to be on the safe side. After all, it's better to be early side. After all, it's better to be early side. After all, it's better to be early to these things instead of fashionably to these things instead of fashionably to these things instead of fashionably late because that no-show fee doesn't late because that no-show fee doesn't late because that no-show fee doesn't feel all that fashionable. Orlando is feel all that fashionable. Orlando is feel all that fashionable. Orlando is really good at serving up afternoon really good at serving up afternoon really good at serving up afternoon storms. But that doesn't mean you need storms. But that doesn't mean you need storms. But that doesn't mean you need to run for the hills as soon as the rain to run for the hills as soon as the rain to run for the hills as soon as the rain starts. While you're waiting for the starts. While you're waiting for the starts. While you're waiting for the storm to pass in the park, here are just storm to pass in the park, here are just storm to pass in the park, here are just a few activities you can do to pass the a few activities you can do to pass the a few activities you can do to pass the time without wasting it. In Magic time without wasting it. In Magic time without wasting it. In Magic Kingdom, catch one of the indoor shows Kingdom, catch one of the indoor shows Kingdom, catch one of the indoor shows like Carousel of Progress, Country Bear like Carousel of Progress, Country Bear like Carousel of Progress, Country Bear Musical Jamberee, Enchanted Tiki Room, Musical Jamberee, Enchanted Tiki Room, Musical Jamberee, Enchanted Tiki Room, or Hall of Presidents. These are going or Hall of Presidents. These are going or Hall of Presidents. These are going to give you a chance to get off your to give you a chance to get off your to give you a chance to get off your feet for a little bit and see if you can feet for a little bit and see if you can feet for a little bit and see if you can catch a rainy day cavalcade. If the catch a rainy day cavalcade. If the catch a rainy day cavalcade. If the weather isn't too intense and just a weather isn't too intense and just a weather isn't too intense and just a little drizzly or gloomy, the rainy day little drizzly or gloomy, the rainy day little drizzly or gloomy, the rainy day cavalcade will make its rare appearance cavalcade will make its rare appearance cavalcade will make its rare appearance down Main Street, USA instead of down Main Street, USA instead of down Main Street, USA instead of Festival of Fantasy. This features cast Festival of Fantasy. This features cast Festival of Fantasy. This features cast members in raincoats and a few popular members in raincoats and a few popular members in raincoats and a few popular characters that aren't afraid of a characters that aren't afraid of a characters that aren't afraid of a little bit of rain. It's really fun and little bit of rain. It's really fun and little bit of rain. It's really fun and is something that's a little more unique is something that's a little more unique is something that's a little more unique that a lot of people don't get to see. that a lot of people don't get to see. that a lot of people don't get to see. In Epcot, browse the different gift In Epcot, browse the different gift In Epcot, browse the different gift shops around the world showcase during shops around the world showcase during shops around the world showcase during this time. Often DFB reporters will take this time. Often DFB reporters will take this time. Often DFB reporters will take this opportunity to thoroughly explore this opportunity to thoroughly explore this opportunity to thoroughly explore the Mitsukoshi department store in the the Mitsukoshi department store in the the Mitsukoshi department store in the Japan pavilion. I agree. I was just Japan pavilion. I agree. I was just Japan pavilion. I agree. I was just there today. It was pouring rain in there today. It was pouring rain in there today. It was pouring rain in Epcot and so I went into Mitsukoshi. Epcot and so I went into Mitsukoshi. Epcot and so I went into Mitsukoshi. This connects to a little Kauawaii pop This connects to a little Kauawaii pop This connects to a little Kauawaii pop culture museum right next to the culture museum right next to the culture museum right next to the extensive shop. Warning though, things extensive shop. Warning though, things extensive shop. Warning though, things can get crowded when it's raining, so can get crowded when it's raining, so can get crowded when it's raining, so brace yourself. And this is also a prime brace yourself. And this is also a prime brace yourself. And this is also a prime time to explore Sea Base. This is where time to explore Sea Base. This is where time to explore Sea Base. This is where you're going to find the Seas with Nemo you're going to find the Seas with Nemo you're going to find the Seas with Nemo and Friends dark ride, but you'll also and Friends dark ride, but you'll also and Friends dark ride, but you'll also get to see a full-on aquarium exhibit get to see a full-on aquarium exhibit get to see a full-on aquarium exhibit with hundreds of sea creatures. You can with hundreds of sea creatures. You can with hundreds of sea creatures. You can even participate in a free scavenger even participate in a free scavenger even participate in a free scavenger hunt. Just pick up one of the Finding hunt. Just pick up one of the Finding hunt. Just pick up one of the Finding Dory's Friends booklets on the first Dory's Friends booklets on the first Dory's Friends booklets on the first floor. You can ask a cast member to help floor. You can ask a cast member to help floor. You can ask a cast member to help you find one if you're having trouble, you find one if you're having trouble, you find one if you're having trouble, but it should be out in the middle of but it should be out in the middle of but it should be out in the middle of the main area. Hopefully easy to spot. the main area. Hopefully easy to spot. the main area. Hopefully easy to spot. In Animal Kingdom, go see a live In Animal Kingdom, go see a live In Animal Kingdom, go see a live performance. Animal Kingdom has two epic performance. Animal Kingdom has two epic performance. Animal Kingdom has two epic indoor shows that you're not going to indoor shows that you're not going to indoor shows that you're not going to want to miss whether it's raining or want to miss whether it's raining or want to miss whether it's raining or not. The first is Finding Nemo: The Big not. The first is Finding Nemo: The Big not. The first is Finding Nemo: The Big Blue and Beyond, which uses advanced Blue and Beyond, which uses advanced Blue and Beyond, which uses advanced puppetry alongside catchy show tunes to puppetry alongside catchy show tunes to puppetry alongside catchy show tunes to showcase Pixar's fishy film franchise in showcase Pixar's fishy film franchise in showcase Pixar's fishy film franchise in a whole new way. The second is Festival a whole new way. The second is Festival a whole new way. The second is Festival of the Lion King, which also uses of the Lion King, which also uses of the Lion King, which also uses puppetry, but even more than that, this puppetry, but even more than that, this puppetry, but even more than that, this cast of talented performers is going to cast of talented performers is going to cast of talented performers is going to sing and dance and tumble to classic sing and dance and tumble to classic sing and dance and tumble to classic songs from the Lion King soundtrack. songs from the Lion King soundtrack. songs from the Lion King soundtrack. Now, you might also want to have a drink Now, you might also want to have a drink Now, you might also want to have a drink at Nomad Lounge. Very few things are at Nomad Lounge. Very few things are at Nomad Lounge. Very few things are more peaceful than having a cocktail, more peaceful than having a cocktail, more peaceful than having a cocktail, maybe a mocktail, and a snack or two maybe a mocktail, and a snack or two maybe a mocktail, and a snack or two while on the covered patio of Nomad while on the covered patio of Nomad while on the covered patio of Nomad Lounge when it's raining. You don't need Lounge when it's raining. You don't need Lounge when it's raining. You don't need reservations to get into Nomad, but you reservations to get into Nomad, but you reservations to get into Nomad, but you will need to get on the walk up weight will need to get on the walk up weight will need to get on the walk up weight list most likely. And in Hollywood list most likely. And in Hollywood list most likely. And in Hollywood Studios, take a self-guided tour through Studios, take a self-guided tour through Studios, take a self-guided tour through Walt Disney Presents. It's a gallery and Walt Disney Presents. It's a gallery and Walt Disney Presents. It's a gallery and exhibit all about Walt Disney's history. exhibit all about Walt Disney's history. exhibit all about Walt Disney's history. Here, you're going to be able to explore Here, you're going to be able to explore Here, you're going to be able to explore Walt Disney's career through art and Walt Disney's career through art and Walt Disney's career through art and diaramas and rare artifacts. You can diaramas and rare artifacts. You can diaramas and rare artifacts. You can also catch a 15inute documentary also catch a 15inute documentary also catch a 15inute documentary featuring the life and career of Walt featuring the life and career of Walt featuring the life and career of Walt Disney. Or you may be able to see the Disney. Or you may be able to see the Disney. Or you may be able to see the first 15 minutes of the newest Disney first 15 minutes of the newest Disney first 15 minutes of the newest Disney film instead before it's released in film instead before it's released in film instead before it's released in theaters. And again, go and check out an theaters. And again, go and check out an theaters. And again, go and check out an indoor show during this time. indoor show during this time. indoor show during this time. Performances like Indiana Jones Epic Performances like Indiana Jones Epic Performances like Indiana Jones Epic Stunt Spectacular may be partially Stunt Spectacular may be partially Stunt Spectacular may be partially covered, but since the stage itself is covered, but since the stage itself is covered, but since the stage itself is exposed to the elements, several may exposed to the elements, several may exposed to the elements, several may have to be cut from the schedule during have to be cut from the schedule during have to be cut from the schedule during wet conditions. But that doesn't mean wet conditions. But that doesn't mean wet conditions. But that doesn't mean there aren't shows in the park that'll there aren't shows in the park that'll there aren't shows in the park that'll run whether the sun's shining or not. run whether the sun's shining or not. run whether the sun's shining or not. Try shows that take place 100% indoors, Try shows that take place 100% indoors, Try shows that take place 100% indoors, like Frozen Singalong and Disney like Frozen Singalong and Disney like Frozen Singalong and Disney Villains and The Little Mermaid: A Villains and The Little Mermaid: A Villains and The Little Mermaid: A Musical Adventure. Now, heads up, all of Musical Adventure. Now, heads up, all of Musical Adventure. Now, heads up, all of these recommendations for things to do these recommendations for things to do these recommendations for things to do when it's raining are going to get when it's raining are going to get when it's raining are going to get crowded when it's raining. So, keep an crowded when it's raining. So, keep an crowded when it's raining. So, keep an eye on your weather app and make sure eye on your weather app and make sure eye on your weather app and make sure you know when those storms are going to you know when those storms are going to you know when those storms are going to start to come through so you can be the start to come through so you can be the start to come through so you can be the first in line for these fun things to do first in line for these fun things to do first in line for these fun things to do while it's raining. Okay, this is a while it's raining. Okay, this is a while it's raining. Okay, this is a weird one, so stick with me here. Disney weird one, so stick with me here. Disney weird one, so stick with me here. Disney has refillable mugs available for has refillable mugs available for has refillable mugs available for purchase across all of the Disney World purchase across all of the Disney World purchase across all of the Disney World hotels. These mugs cost a fixed price hotels. These mugs cost a fixed price hotels. These mugs cost a fixed price around $23 per mug and will get you around $23 per mug and will get you around $23 per mug and will get you unlimited refills for the remainder of unlimited refills for the remainder of unlimited refills for the remainder of your trip up to 14 days. Now, the catch, your trip up to 14 days. Now, the catch, your trip up to 14 days. Now, the catch, you can only refill these mugs at select you can only refill these mugs at select you can only refill these mugs at select quick services and pool bars and kiosks quick services and pool bars and kiosks quick services and pool bars and kiosks around the Disney World hotels. You around the Disney World hotels. You around the Disney World hotels. You cannot use them for free refills in the cannot use them for free refills in the cannot use them for free refills in the parks. though, you're still more than parks. though, you're still more than parks. though, you're still more than welcome to take your mugs into the parks welcome to take your mugs into the parks welcome to take your mugs into the parks with you to fill up with water during with you to fill up with water during with you to fill up with water during the day. So, how does this become a time the day. So, how does this become a time the day. So, how does this become a time waster? Well, because you're going to waster? Well, because you're going to waster? Well, because you're going to want to stretch this perk as far as it want to stretch this perk as far as it want to stretch this perk as far as it can go while you have it, that means can go while you have it, that means can go while you have it, that means going out of your way time and again to going out of your way time and again to going out of your way time and again to fill up your mug because a lot of times fill up your mug because a lot of times fill up your mug because a lot of times your hotel room is going to be way far your hotel room is going to be way far your hotel room is going to be way far away from the place you can fill up your away from the place you can fill up your away from the place you can fill up your mug. Think of it like this. You wake up mug. Think of it like this. You wake up mug. Think of it like this. You wake up in the morning getting ready for the in the morning getting ready for the in the morning getting ready for the park day, but before you head over to park day, but before you head over to park day, but before you head over to the bus stop, you got to go to the quick the bus stop, you got to go to the quick the bus stop, you got to go to the quick service for a morning fill up. And at service for a morning fill up. And at service for a morning fill up. And at the end of the day, when you want the end of the day, when you want the end of the day, when you want nothing more than to just collapse in nothing more than to just collapse in nothing more than to just collapse in your hotel bed, you might make a detour your hotel bed, you might make a detour your hotel bed, you might make a detour to get another refill before making your to get another refill before making your to get another refill before making your way back to the room just to get your way back to the room just to get your way back to the room just to get your money's worth out of this thing. What money's worth out of this thing. What money's worth out of this thing. What was supposed to be convenience has now was supposed to be convenience has now was supposed to be convenience has now become a new commitment. Because if you become a new commitment. Because if you become a new commitment. Because if you really aren't planning on spending a really aren't planning on spending a really aren't planning on spending a whole lot of time in your Disney hotel whole lot of time in your Disney hotel whole lot of time in your Disney hotel in the first place, then you're going to in the first place, then you're going to in the first place, then you're going to have to chisel out time whenever and have to chisel out time whenever and have to chisel out time whenever and however you can to get that mug filled however you can to get that mug filled however you can to get that mug filled up again. And then there's the matter of up again. And then there's the matter of up again. And then there's the matter of where your room is located, like how far where your room is located, like how far where your room is located, like how far away that is from your resort's away that is from your resort's away that is from your resort's designated refill spots. If you're designated refill spots. If you're designated refill spots. If you're staying at Caribbean Beach, for staying at Caribbean Beach, for staying at Caribbean Beach, for instance, and you get a room way far instance, and you get a room way far instance, and you get a room way far away from the main hub area, that means away from the main hub area, that means away from the main hub area, that means you're going to have to make quite the you're going to have to make quite the you're going to have to make quite the trek each time you want to fill her up trek each time you want to fill her up trek each time you want to fill her up again. It's not a bad idea to book a again. It's not a bad idea to book a again. It's not a bad idea to book a preferred room at the hotel you're preferred room at the hotel you're preferred room at the hotel you're choosing, just so you can be close to choosing, just so you can be close to choosing, just so you can be close to all those main resort amenities, all those main resort amenities, all those main resort amenities, including the quick services with refill including the quick services with refill including the quick services with refill stations, but that's going to cost a stations, but that's going to cost a stations, but that's going to cost a little more. So, make sure you really little more. So, make sure you really little more. So, make sure you really want to stay closer to the amenities and want to stay closer to the amenities and want to stay closer to the amenities and it's not just for your refills. Also, if it's not just for your refills. Also, if it's not just for your refills. Also, if one of the days of your trip includes a one of the days of your trip includes a one of the days of your trip includes a resort hopping day where you go and resort hopping day where you go and resort hopping day where you go and check out the different resorts along check out the different resorts along check out the different resorts along the Montreal or Skyliner route, you can the Montreal or Skyliner route, you can the Montreal or Skyliner route, you can take your mug with you. You don't have take your mug with you. You don't have take your mug with you. You don't have to just fill it up at your own resort. to just fill it up at your own resort. to just fill it up at your own resort. You can fill it up at any of the Disney You can fill it up at any of the Disney You can fill it up at any of the Disney resorts. So, you might be able to get resorts. So, you might be able to get resorts. So, you might be able to get your money's worth out of that thing your money's worth out of that thing your money's worth out of that thing just by using it all day during your just by using it all day during your just by using it all day during your resort hopping adventures. Okay, sorry. resort hopping adventures. Okay, sorry. resort hopping adventures. Okay, sorry. One more ride line time waster just One more ride line time waster just One more ride line time waster just because ride lines really are the bane because ride lines really are the bane because ride lines really are the bane of my Disney World existence. I hate of my Disney World existence. I hate of my Disney World existence. I hate waiting in line for a ride that I know waiting in line for a ride that I know waiting in line for a ride that I know usually doesn't have a very long wait on usually doesn't have a very long wait on usually doesn't have a very long wait on average. So, I won't do it. I refuse. average. So, I won't do it. I refuse. average. So, I won't do it. I refuse. Even if it's one of my favorites, like Even if it's one of my favorites, like Even if it's one of my favorites, like my wonderful, beautiful, perfect people my wonderful, beautiful, perfect people my wonderful, beautiful, perfect people mover or living with the Landover in mover or living with the Landover in mover or living with the Landover in Epcot. If there's a wait time projected Epcot. If there's a wait time projected Epcot. If there's a wait time projected for these rides that's over 30 minutes, for these rides that's over 30 minutes, for these rides that's over 30 minutes, I know there's a problem or we've I know there's a problem or we've I know there's a problem or we've entered into a very, very, very busy entered into a very, very, very busy entered into a very, very, very busy park day. If you see long waits posted park day. If you see long waits posted park day. If you see long waits posted for rides that usually have low weight for rides that usually have low weight for rides that usually have low weight times, then just skip those for now and times, then just skip those for now and times, then just skip those for now and come back later on. The wait time should come back later on. The wait time should come back later on. The wait time should go down later on in the day, hopefully, go down later on in the day, hopefully, go down later on in the day, hopefully, unless it's like New Year's Eve. Not unless it's like New Year's Eve. Not unless it's like New Year's Eve. Not sure which rides are the ones that don't sure which rides are the ones that don't sure which rides are the ones that don't normally garner the long waits. Download normally garner the long waits. Download normally garner the long waits. Download the My Disney Experience app a few weeks the My Disney Experience app a few weeks the My Disney Experience app a few weeks before your trip and keep an eye on the before your trip and keep an eye on the before your trip and keep an eye on the wait times list. You'll quickly get an wait times list. You'll quickly get an wait times list. You'll quickly get an idea of which rides kind of always fall idea of which rides kind of always fall idea of which rides kind of always fall under that 30 minute wait and which ones under that 30 minute wait and which ones under that 30 minute wait and which ones verge on 60 minutes or more all day. By verge on 60 minutes or more all day. By verge on 60 minutes or more all day. By the way, I know I already talked about the way, I know I already talked about the way, I know I already talked about one free guide today, but I feel like one free guide today, but I feel like one free guide today, but I feel like this is a really good time to bring up this is a really good time to bring up this is a really good time to bring up our how to ride everything in Disney our how to ride everything in Disney our how to ride everything in Disney World free guide that'll help you ride World free guide that'll help you ride World free guide that'll help you ride all the attractions in Disney World in all the attractions in Disney World in all the attractions in Disney World in one trip, regardless of the crowd one trip, regardless of the crowd one trip, regardless of the crowd levels. Here's the QR code for that one, levels. Here's the QR code for that one, levels. Here's the QR code for that one, or you can click on the link in the or you can click on the link in the or you can click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/dy description for Disneyfoodblog.com/dy description for Disneyfoodblog.com/dy rides after this. Okay, this is a rides after this. Okay, this is a rides after this. Okay, this is a serious one. It's not going to affect serious one. It's not going to affect serious one. It's not going to affect many of you, but those who this does many of you, but those who this does many of you, but those who this does affect, pay attention. You know that affect, pay attention. You know that affect, pay attention. You know that feeling when you're at a hotel or maybe feeling when you're at a hotel or maybe feeling when you're at a hotel or maybe your grandma's house and you wake up your grandma's house and you wake up your grandma's house and you wake up from a really deep sleep all disoriented from a really deep sleep all disoriented from a really deep sleep all disoriented and wondering where on earth you are? and wondering where on earth you are? and wondering where on earth you are? That's kind of how I feel anytime I That's kind of how I feel anytime I That's kind of how I feel anytime I staying at a Disney World resort with a staying at a Disney World resort with a staying at a Disney World resort with a bus loop and I get off at the wrong bus loop and I get off at the wrong bus loop and I get off at the wrong place. Where in the world am I? At most place. Where in the world am I? At most place. Where in the world am I? At most Disney World hotels, your bus will go Disney World hotels, your bus will go Disney World hotels, your bus will go directly to and from your hotel singular directly to and from your hotel singular directly to and from your hotel singular bus stop. But there are a few of these bus stop. But there are a few of these bus stop. But there are a few of these that have multiple bus stops around that have multiple bus stops around that have multiple bus stops around because the hotels are giant, like because the hotels are giant, like because the hotels are giant, like sprawling. Resorts that have internal sprawling. Resorts that have internal sprawling. Resorts that have internal bus loops include Port Orleans Riverside bus loops include Port Orleans Riverside bus loops include Port Orleans Riverside with three stops, Saratoga Springs with with three stops, Saratoga Springs with with three stops, Saratoga Springs with five, Old Key West with five stops, five, Old Key West with five stops, five, Old Key West with five stops, Coronado Springs with four, and Coronado Springs with four, and Coronado Springs with four, and Caribbean Beach with eight stops. The Caribbean Beach with eight stops. The Caribbean Beach with eight stops. The internal bus stops are actually super internal bus stops are actually super internal bus stops are actually super useful cuz they help you from having to useful cuz they help you from having to useful cuz they help you from having to cross large distances to get back to cross large distances to get back to cross large distances to get back to your room. But if you're not paying your room. But if you're not paying your room. But if you're not paying attention, then you might just get off attention, then you might just get off attention, then you might just get off at the first bus stop your shuttle comes at the first bus stop your shuttle comes at the first bus stop your shuttle comes to, and that stop will end up being on to, and that stop will end up being on to, and that stop will end up being on the far opposite side of where you're the far opposite side of where you're the far opposite side of where you're staying. That's a big old time waster staying. That's a big old time waster staying. That's a big old time waster cuz you'll either have to wait around cuz you'll either have to wait around cuz you'll either have to wait around for another bus to take you the rest of for another bus to take you the rest of for another bus to take you the rest of the way to the stop you need to be the way to the stop you need to be the way to the stop you need to be dropped off at, or you have to walk all dropped off at, or you have to walk all dropped off at, or you have to walk all the way over to your real destination, the way over to your real destination, the way over to your real destination, which could end up being quite a trek which could end up being quite a trek which could end up being quite a trek after 30,000 steps in the park that day. after 30,000 steps in the park that day. after 30,000 steps in the park that day. Not really 30,000, 20,000. Yeah. The Not really 30,000, 20,000. Yeah. The Not really 30,000, 20,000. Yeah. The best thing you can do to make sure this best thing you can do to make sure this best thing you can do to make sure this doesn't happen is to stay alert. Once doesn't happen is to stay alert. Once doesn't happen is to stay alert. Once you know where your room is located when you know where your room is located when you know where your room is located when you first check in, track down the you first check in, track down the you first check in, track down the nearest bus stop. For example, say I'm nearest bus stop. For example, say I'm nearest bus stop. For example, say I'm staying at Coronado Springs and my room staying at Coronado Springs and my room staying at Coronado Springs and my room is over in Cabanas. On my resort map, is over in Cabanas. On my resort map, is over in Cabanas. On my resort map, which you can pick up at the front desk which you can pick up at the front desk which you can pick up at the front desk or find online, I can see that the or find online, I can see that the or find online, I can see that the closest bus stop to me is going to be closest bus stop to me is going to be closest bus stop to me is going to be bus stop number four. So, when I'm bus stop number four. So, when I'm bus stop number four. So, when I'm coming back home at the end of my park coming back home at the end of my park coming back home at the end of my park day, I'm not going to want to get off at day, I'm not going to want to get off at day, I'm not going to want to get off at stop 1 2 or three. I'm going to wait and stop 1 2 or three. I'm going to wait and stop 1 2 or three. I'm going to wait and stay on until I reach four, which will stay on until I reach four, which will stay on until I reach four, which will be clearly labeled as you pull up to it. be clearly labeled as you pull up to it. be clearly labeled as you pull up to it. Now, this one isn't just a time waster. Now, this one isn't just a time waster. Now, this one isn't just a time waster. It's another major money waster, too. It's another major money waster, too. It's another major money waster, too. Especially when you literally can't Especially when you literally can't Especially when you literally can't stomach it. I love Disney's table stomach it. I love Disney's table stomach it. I love Disney's table service restaurants, most of them at service restaurants, most of them at service restaurants, most of them at least. I always highlight my main least. I always highlight my main least. I always highlight my main recommendations in the DFB guide to Walt recommendations in the DFB guide to Walt recommendations in the DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining and make sure my Disney World dining and make sure my Disney World dining and make sure my most recent favorites pop up on every most recent favorites pop up on every most recent favorites pop up on every guide booker's radar. But the last thing guide booker's radar. But the last thing guide booker's radar. But the last thing you want to do is get overzealous and you want to do is get overzealous and you want to do is get overzealous and book multiple giant meals for breakfast, book multiple giant meals for breakfast, book multiple giant meals for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Think of it this way. lunch, and dinner. Think of it this way. lunch, and dinner. Think of it this way. Let's say you're in Epcot and you find a Let's say you're in Epcot and you find a Let's say you're in Epcot and you find a breakfast reservation for Garden Grill, breakfast reservation for Garden Grill, breakfast reservation for Garden Grill, late lunch reservations for Lelier, and late lunch reservations for Lelier, and late lunch reservations for Lelier, and dinner reservations for Shiki Sai Sushi dinner reservations for Shiki Sai Sushi dinner reservations for Shiki Sai Sushi is Aakaya. Looks like you've really hit is Aakaya. Looks like you've really hit is Aakaya. Looks like you've really hit the jackpot, right? But if you end up the jackpot, right? But if you end up the jackpot, right? But if you end up booking all of these reservations for booking all of these reservations for booking all of these reservations for one single day, they're going to wind up one single day, they're going to wind up one single day, they're going to wind up absolutely draining your Epcot visit. absolutely draining your Epcot visit. absolutely draining your Epcot visit. First off, table, themed, and signature First off, table, themed, and signature First off, table, themed, and signature dining experiences are expensive. So, dining experiences are expensive. So, dining experiences are expensive. So, you'll be looking at a mighty hefty you'll be looking at a mighty hefty you'll be looking at a mighty hefty dining bill, hundreds and hundreds of dining bill, hundreds and hundreds of dining bill, hundreds and hundreds of dollars spent on food that day. Second, dollars spent on food that day. Second, dollars spent on food that day. Second, there's a lot of food. I know you'll be there's a lot of food. I know you'll be there's a lot of food. I know you'll be burning a lot of those calories while burning a lot of those calories while burning a lot of those calories while you're walking around the park, but you're walking around the park, but you're walking around the park, but you're more than likely not going to be you're more than likely not going to be you're more than likely not going to be ready for a full steak meal. Only a few ready for a full steak meal. Only a few ready for a full steak meal. Only a few hours after a full-on all you care to hours after a full-on all you care to hours after a full-on all you care to enjoy breakfast spread and then having a enjoy breakfast spread and then having a enjoy breakfast spread and then having a full dinner on top of that, you're going full dinner on top of that, you're going full dinner on top of that, you're going to be stuffed. Listen, I do this for a to be stuffed. Listen, I do this for a to be stuffed. Listen, I do this for a living and I still can't get through living and I still can't get through living and I still can't get through more than two table service restaurants more than two table service restaurants more than two table service restaurants a day. And third, not only is that a lot a day. And third, not only is that a lot a day. And third, not only is that a lot of food, but that's a good chunk of time of food, but that's a good chunk of time of food, but that's a good chunk of time taken out of your day, too, right? Table taken out of your day, too, right? Table taken out of your day, too, right? Table service restaurants usually take an hour service restaurants usually take an hour service restaurants usually take an hour to experience at the least. So, you're to experience at the least. So, you're to experience at the least. So, you're talking about potentially 3 hours or talking about potentially 3 hours or talking about potentially 3 hours or more out of your already limited park more out of your already limited park more out of your already limited park day just to eat. So, what should you do day just to eat. So, what should you do day just to eat. So, what should you do instead? Well, don't knock those quick instead? Well, don't knock those quick instead? Well, don't knock those quick service options till you try them. service options till you try them. service options till you try them. Especially not in Epcot. Not only are Especially not in Epcot. Not only are Especially not in Epcot. Not only are they less expensive than the table they less expensive than the table they less expensive than the table service restaurants, but you can order service restaurants, but you can order service restaurants, but you can order smaller portions that keep you satisfied smaller portions that keep you satisfied smaller portions that keep you satisfied without making you too full for your without making you too full for your without making you too full for your specialty sit-down meal later on. Having specialty sit-down meal later on. Having specialty sit-down meal later on. Having one table service meal per day, awesome. one table service meal per day, awesome. one table service meal per day, awesome. But when you rely on quick services or But when you rely on quick services or But when you rely on quick services or even prepacked meals that you brought even prepacked meals that you brought even prepacked meals that you brought along with you, you'll be saving so much along with you, you'll be saving so much along with you, you'll be saving so much time in the parks. And you can use that time in the parks. And you can use that time in the parks. And you can use that saved time instead to get on more rides saved time instead to get on more rides saved time instead to get on more rides and see more shows and browse through and see more shows and browse through and see more shows and browse through more gift shops. You can save even more more gift shops. You can save even more more gift shops. You can save even more time when you mobile order your quick time when you mobile order your quick time when you mobile order your quick service meals through the My Disney service meals through the My Disney service meals through the My Disney Experience app instead of waiting in Experience app instead of waiting in Experience app instead of waiting in those potentially long physical lines, those potentially long physical lines, those potentially long physical lines, especially right at meal times. Okay, especially right at meal times. Okay, especially right at meal times. Okay, there's a lot more I want to tell you there's a lot more I want to tell you there's a lot more I want to tell you about the Disney World dining scene. about the Disney World dining scene. about the Disney World dining scene. Like so much more. reviews, advice, Like so much more. reviews, advice, Like so much more. reviews, advice, budgeting tips, savings tips, even for budgeting tips, savings tips, even for budgeting tips, savings tips, even for both time and money. So, be sure to both time and money. So, be sure to both time and money. So, be sure to check out the DFB guide to Walt Disney check out the DFB guide to Walt Disney check out the DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining. It's on dfbstore.com. World dining. It's on dfbstore.com. World dining. It's on dfbstore.com. And when you get the chance, go ahead And when you get the chance, go ahead And when you get the chance, go ahead and grab it. And don't forget to type in and grab it. And don't forget to type in and grab it. And don't forget to type in code YouTube to save some money on your code YouTube to save some money on your code YouTube to save some money on your total purchase. It is 100% money back total purchase. It is 100% money back total purchase. It is 100% money back guaranteed, by the way. If you don't guaranteed, by the way. If you don't guaranteed, by the way. If you don't like it, if it doesn't work for you, no like it, if it doesn't work for you, no like it, if it doesn't work for you, no problem. Just let us know. Losing problem. Just let us know. Losing problem. Just let us know. Losing precious time in the parks and losing precious time in the parks and losing precious time in the parks and losing something valuable. Yikes. Sounds like a something valuable. Yikes. Sounds like a something valuable. Yikes. Sounds like a gross double whammy. I hate that heart gross double whammy. I hate that heart gross double whammy. I hate that heart dropping feeling when you realize you've dropping feeling when you realize you've dropping feeling when you realize you've left your phone or your wallet or left your phone or your wallet or left your phone or your wallet or something else of similar importance something else of similar importance something else of similar importance somewhere other than your bag or back somewhere other than your bag or back somewhere other than your bag or back pocket. It is the pits. I have lost my pocket. It is the pits. I have lost my pocket. It is the pits. I have lost my phone in a minivan. I have lost my phone in a minivan. I have lost my phone in a minivan. I have lost my driver's license at vianapoli. Believe driver's license at vianapoli. Believe driver's license at vianapoli. Believe me, I have felt the pain of this. And me, I have felt the pain of this. And me, I have felt the pain of this. And then you got to take the time out of then you got to take the time out of then you got to take the time out of your day to try and retrace your steps, your day to try and retrace your steps, your day to try and retrace your steps, hoping it's where you left it, wherever hoping it's where you left it, wherever hoping it's where you left it, wherever that might be, which will take who knows that might be, which will take who knows that might be, which will take who knows how long. And then if you don't find it, how long. And then if you don't find it, how long. And then if you don't find it, your time in the park is going to be your time in the park is going to be your time in the park is going to be filled with a whole lot less excitement filled with a whole lot less excitement filled with a whole lot less excitement and a whole lot more worrying and phone and a whole lot more worrying and phone and a whole lot more worrying and phone calls and trying to get someone to calls and trying to get someone to calls and trying to get someone to figure out with you how to get your figure out with you how to get your figure out with you how to get your thing back. So what happens if you lose thing back. So what happens if you lose thing back. So what happens if you lose something important in Disney and something important in Disney and something important in Disney and retracing your steps didn't work? Often retracing your steps didn't work? Often retracing your steps didn't work? Often cast members will hold on to lost items cast members will hold on to lost items cast members will hold on to lost items for a short period of time before for a short period of time before for a short period of time before sending them on to guest relations or sending them on to guest relations or sending them on to guest relations or lost and found. If it's been a few hours lost and found. If it's been a few hours lost and found. If it's been a few hours since you lost the item or if cast since you lost the item or if cast since you lost the item or if cast members haven't recovered your item, go members haven't recovered your item, go members haven't recovered your item, go to the nearest guest experience to the nearest guest experience to the nearest guest experience location. Look for the blue umbrellas or location. Look for the blue umbrellas or location. Look for the blue umbrellas or visit guest relations near the entrance visit guest relations near the entrance visit guest relations near the entrance of the park. They'll be able to point of the park. They'll be able to point of the park. They'll be able to point you in the right direction in terms of you in the right direction in terms of you in the right direction in terms of steps. And those next steps are more steps. And those next steps are more steps. And those next steps are more than likely going to be lost and found. than likely going to be lost and found. than likely going to be lost and found. Disney's Lost and Found is huge. People Disney's Lost and Found is huge. People Disney's Lost and Found is huge. People lose a lot of stuff in the parks, but lose a lot of stuff in the parks, but lose a lot of stuff in the parks, but there is an extensive system that there is an extensive system that there is an extensive system that documents each lost item. That's documents each lost item. That's documents each lost item. That's awesome. But because the system is so awesome. But because the system is so awesome. But because the system is so vast and extensive, it can take a few vast and extensive, it can take a few vast and extensive, it can take a few days for your phone or lost item to be days for your phone or lost item to be days for your phone or lost item to be cataloged and even longer before it's cataloged and even longer before it's cataloged and even longer before it's returned to you. So, it's best if you returned to you. So, it's best if you returned to you. So, it's best if you can report it lost as quickly as can report it lost as quickly as can report it lost as quickly as possible. There's an online form that possible. There's an online form that possible. There's an online form that you can go to. It's called you can go to. It's called you can go to. It's called chargerback.com chargerback.com chargerback.com where you can report your missing item where you can report your missing item where you can report your missing item ASAP, and Disney will do its best to ASAP, and Disney will do its best to ASAP, and Disney will do its best to find it. The best thing about the find it. The best thing about the find it. The best thing about the Chargerback website is that you'll be Chargerback website is that you'll be Chargerback website is that you'll be kept updated on the status of your item, kept updated on the status of your item, kept updated on the status of your item, too, even if you have to head back home too, even if you have to head back home too, even if you have to head back home from vacation. And if and when your item from vacation. And if and when your item from vacation. And if and when your item is found, Disney will usually mail it is found, Disney will usually mail it is found, Disney will usually mail it back to you at no extra charge. This back to you at no extra charge. This back to you at no extra charge. This happened to me when I was staying at happened to me when I was staying at happened to me when I was staying at Grand Fian. I had a 3:00 a.m. Uber to Grand Fian. I had a 3:00 a.m. Uber to Grand Fian. I had a 3:00 a.m. Uber to leave because I had a like a 6 a.m. leave because I had a like a 6 a.m. leave because I had a like a 6 a.m. flight, something crazy like that. Maybe flight, something crazy like that. Maybe flight, something crazy like that. Maybe did not check the closet in my room. And did not check the closet in my room. And did not check the closet in my room. And I left all my clothes there. And a lot I left all my clothes there. And a lot I left all my clothes there. And a lot of these were irreplaceable things, of these were irreplaceable things, of these were irreplaceable things, like, you know, stuff I can't just go like, you know, stuff I can't just go like, you know, stuff I can't just go reby. And sure enough, Disney's lost and reby. And sure enough, Disney's lost and reby. And sure enough, Disney's lost and found system, chargerback.com, gave me, found system, chargerback.com, gave me, found system, chargerback.com, gave me, found everything, and sent it all back found everything, and sent it all back found everything, and sent it all back to me for free. Unbelievable service. to me for free. Unbelievable service. to me for free. Unbelievable service. And I honestly was kind of shocked it And I honestly was kind of shocked it And I honestly was kind of shocked it happened that easily. So, don't get me happened that easily. So, don't get me happened that easily. So, don't get me wrong here. Just because you're inside wrong here. Just because you're inside wrong here. Just because you're inside the Disney World bubble doesn't mean the Disney World bubble doesn't mean the Disney World bubble doesn't mean you'll be able to get around everywhere you'll be able to get around everywhere you'll be able to get around everywhere super quickly just by snapping your super quickly just by snapping your super quickly just by snapping your fingers and wishing on a star. The sheer fingers and wishing on a star. The sheer fingers and wishing on a star. The sheer size of Disney World is almost size of Disney World is almost size of Disney World is almost impossible to wrap your head around impossible to wrap your head around impossible to wrap your head around until you're actually there. Between until you're actually there. Between until you're actually there. Between Disney's four theme parks, two water Disney's four theme parks, two water Disney's four theme parks, two water parks, over 20 hotels, and Disney parks, over 20 hotels, and Disney parks, over 20 hotels, and Disney Springs, the entire property is the size Springs, the entire property is the size Springs, the entire property is the size of two Manhattan islands squished of two Manhattan islands squished of two Manhattan islands squished together. That's why you've really got together. That's why you've really got together. That's why you've really got to be careful when planning out your to be careful when planning out your to be careful when planning out your park hopping days. Cuz traveling from park hopping days. Cuz traveling from park hopping days. Cuz traveling from place to place around these parks is place to place around these parks is place to place around these parks is going to eat up a lot of your time if going to eat up a lot of your time if going to eat up a lot of your time if you're not careful. While park hopping you're not careful. While park hopping you're not careful. While park hopping can be a great way to see multiple parks can be a great way to see multiple parks can be a great way to see multiple parks during a shorter Disney World vacation, during a shorter Disney World vacation, during a shorter Disney World vacation, you're definitely going to think about you're definitely going to think about you're definitely going to think about if a park hopper is going to benefit you if a park hopper is going to benefit you if a park hopper is going to benefit you when all is said and done and if you when all is said and done and if you when all is said and done and if you have an efficient way to do that park have an efficient way to do that park have an efficient way to do that park hopping. If your main priorities for hopping. If your main priorities for hopping. If your main priorities for your weekend Disney World getaway are to your weekend Disney World getaway are to your weekend Disney World getaway are to see one of the Hollywood Studios new see one of the Hollywood Studios new see one of the Hollywood Studios new stage shows, but also to ride People stage shows, but also to ride People stage shows, but also to ride People Mover at Magic Kingdom, cuz that's Mover at Magic Kingdom, cuz that's Mover at Magic Kingdom, cuz that's definitely something that club members definitely something that club members definitely something that club members of the unofficial People Mover fan club of the unofficial People Mover fan club of the unofficial People Mover fan club will understand, then you can absolutely will understand, then you can absolutely will understand, then you can absolutely do a park hopper and accomplish both of do a park hopper and accomplish both of do a park hopper and accomplish both of those in one day. But traveling between those in one day. But traveling between those in one day. But traveling between these parks is going to take an hour, these parks is going to take an hour, these parks is going to take an hour, maybe even two hours to actually pull maybe even two hours to actually pull maybe even two hours to actually pull off. This is especially true if you're off. This is especially true if you're off. This is especially true if you're driving your own set of wheels since driving your own set of wheels since driving your own set of wheels since you'll have to drive over from Hollywood you'll have to drive over from Hollywood you'll have to drive over from Hollywood Studios into Magic Kingdom's Studios into Magic Kingdom's Studios into Magic Kingdom's Transportation and Ticket Center and Transportation and Ticket Center and Transportation and Ticket Center and then you'll have to take either a then you'll have to take either a then you'll have to take either a Montreal or a ferry or a bus the rest of Montreal or a ferry or a bus the rest of Montreal or a ferry or a bus the rest of the way to the park from there. You the way to the park from there. You the way to the park from there. You could always choose to just do one full could always choose to just do one full could always choose to just do one full day at Hollywood Studios and one full day at Hollywood Studios and one full day at Hollywood Studios and one full day at Magic Kingdom if you want to save day at Magic Kingdom if you want to save day at Magic Kingdom if you want to save yourself the extra park hopper expense yourself the extra park hopper expense yourself the extra park hopper expense and the travel time, but it just depends and the travel time, but it just depends and the travel time, but it just depends on what your must dos look like for your on what your must dos look like for your on what your must dos look like for your group. List them out early and map out group. List them out early and map out group. List them out early and map out the most efficient way you're going to the most efficient way you're going to the most efficient way you're going to be able to accomplish those mustos be able to accomplish those mustos be able to accomplish those mustos during your visit. Sometimes your resort during your visit. Sometimes your resort during your visit. Sometimes your resort stay can really help out with that, stay can really help out with that, stay can really help out with that, especially if your hotel offers up other especially if your hotel offers up other especially if your hotel offers up other transportation services beyond the transportation services beyond the transportation services beyond the buses. If you stay on the Skyliner buses. If you stay on the Skyliner buses. If you stay on the Skyliner route, like Bria mentioned before, route, like Bria mentioned before, route, like Bria mentioned before, you'll not only have direct access to you'll not only have direct access to you'll not only have direct access to multiple resorts, meaning direct access multiple resorts, meaning direct access multiple resorts, meaning direct access to multiple restaurants, but you'll only to multiple restaurants, but you'll only to multiple restaurants, but you'll only be a Sky Gondola ride away from both be a Sky Gondola ride away from both be a Sky Gondola ride away from both Hollywood Studios and Epcot. And if you Hollywood Studios and Epcot. And if you Hollywood Studios and Epcot. And if you stay on the Montreal loop, you'll have stay on the Montreal loop, you'll have stay on the Montreal loop, you'll have three different resorts you can easily three different resorts you can easily three different resorts you can easily transfer between, as well as a direct transfer between, as well as a direct transfer between, as well as a direct line right up to the gates of Magic line right up to the gates of Magic line right up to the gates of Magic Kingdom and Epcot. All in all, don't Kingdom and Epcot. All in all, don't Kingdom and Epcot. All in all, don't assume Disney World is as easy as assume Disney World is as easy as assume Disney World is as easy as walking from one section of the property walking from one section of the property walking from one section of the property to the next like you can do over in to the next like you can do over in to the next like you can do over in Disneyland. This place is ginormous, so Disneyland. This place is ginormous, so Disneyland. This place is ginormous, so make sure the things you're planning for make sure the things you're planning for make sure the things you're planning for your group are also going to be your group are also going to be your group are also going to be practical for your group. Recently, we practical for your group. Recently, we practical for your group. Recently, we released a video on the DFB channel released a video on the DFB channel released a video on the DFB channel talking about the secret backstage of talking about the secret backstage of talking about the secret backstage of Disney World. And during that video, we Disney World. And during that video, we Disney World. And during that video, we highlighted a lot of different backstage highlighted a lot of different backstage highlighted a lot of different backstage tours you can book to really enhance tours you can book to really enhance tours you can book to really enhance your theme park visit and get a rare your theme park visit and get a rare your theme park visit and get a rare opportunity to look behind the scenes opportunity to look behind the scenes opportunity to look behind the scenes and see how Disney pulls off the magic and see how Disney pulls off the magic and see how Disney pulls off the magic each and every day. One of the longest each and every day. One of the longest each and every day. One of the longest backstage tours and one of the most backstage tours and one of the most backstage tours and one of the most popular is the Keys to the Kingdom tour, popular is the Keys to the Kingdom tour, popular is the Keys to the Kingdom tour, which is a 5-hour guided walking tour which is a 5-hour guided walking tour which is a 5-hour guided walking tour behind the scenes of Magic Kingdom. It's behind the scenes of Magic Kingdom. It's behind the scenes of Magic Kingdom. It's a very cool one and definitely one to a very cool one and definitely one to a very cool one and definitely one to consider if you've been to Magic Kingdom consider if you've been to Magic Kingdom consider if you've been to Magic Kingdom a few times and you're looking to do a few times and you're looking to do a few times and you're looking to do something different this time around. something different this time around. something different this time around. But if you've never been to Magic But if you've never been to Magic But if you've never been to Magic Kingdom, a tour like this might be way Kingdom, a tour like this might be way Kingdom, a tour like this might be way more of a time suck than a fun more of a time suck than a fun more of a time suck than a fun enhancement. Consider this. The price of enhancement. Consider this. The price of enhancement. Consider this. The price of the tour is $169 to $189 per guest. But the tour is $169 to $189 per guest. But the tour is $169 to $189 per guest. But that's a price you're going to have to that's a price you're going to have to that's a price you're going to have to pay on top of your regular theme park pay on top of your regular theme park pay on top of your regular theme park ticket price. So, you're paying for a ticket price. So, you're paying for a ticket price. So, you're paying for a day in the park, but 5 hours of said day in the park, but 5 hours of said day in the park, but 5 hours of said park day is going to be a tour around it park day is going to be a tour around it park day is going to be a tour around it instead of experiencing it directly. instead of experiencing it directly. instead of experiencing it directly. Same thing can be said even when it Same thing can be said even when it Same thing can be said even when it comes to the shortest behind-the-scenes comes to the shortest behind-the-scenes comes to the shortest behind-the-scenes tours you can find in Animal Kingdom and tours you can find in Animal Kingdom and tours you can find in Animal Kingdom and Epcot that might take 1 to 3 hours. Yep, Epcot that might take 1 to 3 hours. Yep, Epcot that might take 1 to 3 hours. Yep, you're getting a fun exclusive look at a you're getting a fun exclusive look at a you're getting a fun exclusive look at a new side of Disney, but you're also new side of Disney, but you're also new side of Disney, but you're also taking time away from your day when you taking time away from your day when you taking time away from your day when you could be riding rides and seeing shows could be riding rides and seeing shows could be riding rides and seeing shows and meeting characters on stage. If a and meeting characters on stage. If a and meeting characters on stage. If a behind-the-scenes tour sounds like fun, behind-the-scenes tour sounds like fun, behind-the-scenes tour sounds like fun, but you're not really sure if you want but you're not really sure if you want but you're not really sure if you want to do a tour on top of your theme park to do a tour on top of your theme park to do a tour on top of your theme park day, consider taking a Disney tour on day, consider taking a Disney tour on day, consider taking a Disney tour on one of your break days, like at one of one of your break days, like at one of one of your break days, like at one of the resorts or in the Disney Springs the resorts or in the Disney Springs the resorts or in the Disney Springs Shopping District. That way, you'll only Shopping District. That way, you'll only Shopping District. That way, you'll only have to pay for the tour instead of for have to pay for the tour instead of for have to pay for the tour instead of for a whole other ticket cost, and you won't a whole other ticket cost, and you won't a whole other ticket cost, and you won't have to worry about your tour getting in have to worry about your tour getting in have to worry about your tour getting in the way of the rest of your fun-filled the way of the rest of your fun-filled the way of the rest of your fun-filled theme park activities. A few resort or theme park activities. A few resort or theme park activities. A few resort or Disney Springs tours you might want to Disney Springs tours you might want to Disney Springs tours you might want to consider are the Starlight Safari at consider are the Starlight Safari at consider are the Starlight Safari at Disney's Animal Kingdom Lodge. That's Disney's Animal Kingdom Lodge. That's Disney's Animal Kingdom Lodge. That's probably the one I would recommend. The probably the one I would recommend. The probably the one I would recommend. The PageStage signature experience for Drawn PageStage signature experience for Drawn PageStage signature experience for Drawn to Life at Disney Springs, very cool to Life at Disney Springs, very cool to Life at Disney Springs, very cool backstage with all those acrobats. the backstage with all those acrobats. the backstage with all those acrobats. the Wilderness Lodge backtrail adventure via Wilderness Lodge backtrail adventure via Wilderness Lodge backtrail adventure via Segway at Wilderness Lodge and others Segway at Wilderness Lodge and others Segway at Wilderness Lodge and others that you can find over on the Disney that you can find over on the Disney that you can find over on the Disney World website. Just search for the World website. Just search for the World website. Just search for the enchanting extras collection and see enchanting extras collection and see enchanting extras collection and see what extras might work best with your what extras might work best with your what extras might work best with your itinerary. itinerary. itinerary. Okay, finish the video just in time. In Okay, finish the video just in time. In Okay, finish the video just in time. In time for what? Well, in time for the time for what? Well, in time for the time for what? Well, in time for the next DFB video, of course. Check out one next DFB video, of course. Check out one next DFB video, of course. Check out one of our other Disney World planning of our other Disney World planning of our other Disney World planning videos next or get the ball really videos next or get the ball really videos next or get the ball really rolling by checking out one of our video rolling by checking out one of our video rolling by checking out one of our video playlists like the Disney World 2026 playlists like the Disney World 2026 playlists like the Disney World 2026 one. And don't forget to pick up our one. And don't forget to pick up our one. And don't forget to pick up our free Lightning Lanes guide ASAP over at free Lightning Lanes guide ASAP over at free Lightning Lanes guide ASAP over at disneyfoodblog.com/multipass. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks Thanks for listening everyone and thanks Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for for watching. As always, this is AJ for for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real soon.
