---
video_id: YbGryhIiByg
channel: DFBGuide
title: "How 2026 Will Change Disney World Forever"
published: 2025-12-27
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YbGryhIiByg
---
in Disney World. How? That's what we're in Disney World. How? That's what we're in Disney World. How? That's what we're exposing for you today here on DFB exposing for you today here on DFB exposing for you today here on DFB Guide. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. So 2026 is going to be a Blog. So 2026 is going to be a Blog. So 2026 is going to be a constructionheavy year for Disney World. constructionheavy year for Disney World. constructionheavy year for Disney World. We know this, but it's also going to be We know this, but it's also going to be We know this, but it's also going to be a year that we see some big changes that a year that we see some big changes that a year that we see some big changes that are going to make a substantial splash are going to make a substantial splash are going to make a substantial splash on the Disney scene from here on out. So on the Disney scene from here on out. So on the Disney scene from here on out. So whether you're currently in the process whether you're currently in the process whether you're currently in the process of planning that 2026 vacation or you're of planning that 2026 vacation or you're of planning that 2026 vacation or you're just curious to see how much exactly just curious to see how much exactly just curious to see how much exactly Disney World's going to change in the Disney World's going to change in the Disney World's going to change in the new year, don't want to be left out in new year, don't want to be left out in new year, don't want to be left out in all the tea spilling. I get it. We've all the tea spilling. I get it. We've all the tea spilling. I get it. We've got the 411 you want to know. So who got the 411 you want to know. So who got the 411 you want to know. So who remembers the sorcerer's hat from MGM remembers the sorcerer's hat from MGM remembers the sorcerer's hat from MGM Studios days? If you don't, let me back Studios days? If you don't, let me back Studios days? If you don't, let me back it up real quick and catch you up to it up real quick and catch you up to it up real quick and catch you up to speed. Back before Hollywood Studios was speed. Back before Hollywood Studios was speed. Back before Hollywood Studios was the park it is now, it had more of a the park it is now, it had more of a the park it is now, it had more of a focus on taking guests behind the scenes focus on taking guests behind the scenes focus on taking guests behind the scenes of TV and movie magic. There was even a of TV and movie magic. There was even a of TV and movie magic. There was even a real working animation studio located real working animation studio located real working animation studio located inside animation courtyard where guests inside animation courtyard where guests inside animation courtyard where guests could walk by and watch real life Disney could walk by and watch real life Disney could walk by and watch real life Disney animators sketch and develop the next up animators sketch and develop the next up animators sketch and develop the next up andcoming Disney film. It was really andcoming Disney film. It was really andcoming Disney film. It was really cool. Part of MGM Studios was a big old cool. Part of MGM Studios was a big old cool. Part of MGM Studios was a big old sorcerer Mickey hat which you'd see sorcerer Mickey hat which you'd see sorcerer Mickey hat which you'd see right as you entered the park, as in it right as you entered the park, as in it right as you entered the park, as in it completely blocked the Chinese theater completely blocked the Chinese theater completely blocked the Chinese theater replica. When the hat was demolished in replica. When the hat was demolished in replica. When the hat was demolished in gone just because it wasn't covering up gone just because it wasn't covering up gone just because it wasn't covering up that pretty Chinese theater building that pretty Chinese theater building that pretty Chinese theater building anymore. But others missed it dearly. I anymore. But others missed it dearly. I anymore. But others missed it dearly. I mean, that was the park icon for a long mean, that was the park icon for a long mean, that was the park icon for a long time. So, destroying it was like time. So, destroying it was like time. So, destroying it was like destroying the tree of life in Animal destroying the tree of life in Animal destroying the tree of life in Animal Kingdom or Spaceship Earth and Epcot. Kingdom or Spaceship Earth and Epcot. Kingdom or Spaceship Earth and Epcot. Don't worry, Disney would never, right, Don't worry, Disney would never, right, Don't worry, Disney would never, right, Disney? Okay. Once MGM Studios Disney? Okay. Once MGM Studios Disney? Okay. Once MGM Studios officially transformed into Hollywood officially transformed into Hollywood officially transformed into Hollywood Studios, the park's focus changed as Studios, the park's focus changed as Studios, the park's focus changed as well. Instead of taking us behind the well. Instead of taking us behind the well. Instead of taking us behind the scenes of the movies, we became a part scenes of the movies, we became a part scenes of the movies, we became a part of our favorite movies. Which, hey, I of our favorite movies. Which, hey, I of our favorite movies. Which, hey, I love Galaxy's Edge in Toy Story Land, love Galaxy's Edge in Toy Story Land, love Galaxy's Edge in Toy Story Land, but there will always be a part of me but there will always be a part of me but there will always be a part of me that's super nostalgic for MGM days of that's super nostalgic for MGM days of that's super nostalgic for MGM days of the past, which is why I was thrilled to the past, which is why I was thrilled to the past, which is why I was thrilled to hear about the Walt Disney Studios area hear about the Walt Disney Studios area hear about the Walt Disney Studios area coming to Hollywood Studios in summer coming to Hollywood Studios in summer coming to Hollywood Studios in summer replacing Animation Courtyard in Star replacing Animation Courtyard in Star replacing Animation Courtyard in Star Wars Launch Bay. Ah, yes. I remember Wars Launch Bay. Ah, yes. I remember Wars Launch Bay. Ah, yes. I remember when I originally thought the new when I originally thought the new when I originally thought the new Monstropolis area was going to replace Monstropolis area was going to replace Monstropolis area was going to replace Animation Courtyard, and now I see why Animation Courtyard, and now I see why Animation Courtyard, and now I see why that didn't happen. Inside the new Walt that didn't happen. Inside the new Walt that didn't happen. Inside the new Walt Disney Studios section, you're going to Disney Studios section, you're going to Disney Studios section, you're going to be able to find the Magic of Disney be able to find the Magic of Disney be able to find the Magic of Disney animation building, and that's where the animation building, and that's where the animation building, and that's where the real fun starts to happen. If you want real fun starts to happen. If you want real fun starts to happen. If you want to know what the Magic of Disney to know what the Magic of Disney to know what the Magic of Disney animation is going to be like, watch the animation is going to be like, watch the animation is going to be like, watch the Once Upon a Studio short that's featured Once Upon a Studio short that's featured Once Upon a Studio short that's featured on Disney Plus to get a better idea. on Disney Plus to get a better idea. on Disney Plus to get a better idea. Much like in the short, several Disney Much like in the short, several Disney Much like in the short, several Disney animated characters will come to life animated characters will come to life animated characters will come to life from their pages all throughout this from their pages all throughout this from their pages all throughout this highly immersive studio. You'll be able highly immersive studio. You'll be able highly immersive studio. You'll be able to meet characters across six unique to meet characters across six unique to meet characters across six unique departments from the animation studio departments from the animation studio departments from the animation studio like Rapunzel and Mulan. Story layout, like Rapunzel and Mulan. Story layout, like Rapunzel and Mulan. Story layout, handdrawn animation, computer animation, handdrawn animation, computer animation, handdrawn animation, computer animation, lighting, and effects. So, it looks like lighting, and effects. So, it looks like lighting, and effects. So, it looks like we're really tapping back into the MGM we're really tapping back into the MGM we're really tapping back into the MGM Studios days again, which I'm not mad Studios days again, which I'm not mad Studios days again, which I'm not mad about. Along with the magic of Disney about. Along with the magic of Disney about. Along with the magic of Disney animation building, Walt Disney Studios animation building, Walt Disney Studios animation building, Walt Disney Studios will also open up a new kid stage show will also open up a new kid stage show will also open up a new kid stage show called Disney Jr. Mickey Mouse Clubhouse called Disney Jr. Mickey Mouse Clubhouse called Disney Jr. Mickey Mouse Clubhouse Live and a Drawn to Wonderland Live and a Drawn to Wonderland Live and a Drawn to Wonderland playground. Oh, and as far as the playground. Oh, and as far as the playground. Oh, and as far as the Sorcerer's Hat is concerned, according Sorcerer's Hat is concerned, according Sorcerer's Hat is concerned, according to the concept art, we'll see it to the concept art, we'll see it to the concept art, we'll see it standing tall and proud above the standing tall and proud above the standing tall and proud above the entrance of the Animation Building. This entrance of the Animation Building. This entrance of the Animation Building. This sorcerer's hat is a nod to the one that sorcerer's hat is a nod to the one that sorcerer's hat is a nod to the one that sits at top the Disney Animation sits at top the Disney Animation sits at top the Disney Animation Building in Burbank, though it's also a Building in Burbank, though it's also a Building in Burbank, though it's also a nice throwback to the MGM Studios Park nice throwback to the MGM Studios Park nice throwback to the MGM Studios Park icon. Just so you know, everything we're icon. Just so you know, everything we're icon. Just so you know, everything we're talking about today is just the talking about today is just the talking about today is just the beginning. In case you've never heard of beginning. In case you've never heard of beginning. In case you've never heard of it before, D23 is Disney's official fan it before, D23 is Disney's official fan it before, D23 is Disney's official fan club. And as part of the fan club, D23 club. And as part of the fan club, D23 club. And as part of the fan club, D23 puts on a huge fan convention each year. puts on a huge fan convention each year. puts on a huge fan convention each year. Though the biggest one that happens out Though the biggest one that happens out Though the biggest one that happens out in Anaheim, the D23, the ultimate Disney in Anaheim, the D23, the ultimate Disney in Anaheim, the D23, the ultimate Disney fan experience, only happens every other fan experience, only happens every other fan experience, only happens every other year. And 2026 is the year that this fan year. And 2026 is the year that this fan year. And 2026 is the year that this fan experience is coming [music] back. and experience is coming [music] back. and experience is coming [music] back. and it'll take place from August 14th to the it'll take place from August 14th to the it'll take place from August 14th to the Anaheim Convention Center and the Honda Anaheim Convention Center and the Honda Anaheim Convention Center and the Honda Center. Disney executives and Center. Disney executives and Center. Disney executives and celebrities and fans from around the celebrities and fans from around the celebrities and fans from around the globe will come together in the ultimate globe will come together in the ultimate globe will come together in the ultimate celebration of all things Disney celebration of all things Disney celebration of all things Disney featuring special events, exclusive featuring special events, exclusive featuring special events, exclusive merchandise, unique exhibits, and merchandise, unique exhibits, and merchandise, unique exhibits, and fascinating presentations, including fascinating presentations, including fascinating presentations, including news about what's up and coming for the news about what's up and coming for the news about what's up and coming for the Disney parks. This event isn't just Disney parks. This event isn't just Disney parks. This event isn't just crucial for the future of Disney World. crucial for the future of Disney World. crucial for the future of Disney World. It's crucial for all the Disney parks It's crucial for all the Disney parks It's crucial for all the Disney parks worldwide and Disney cruises, too. D23 worldwide and Disney cruises, too. D23 worldwide and Disney cruises, too. D23 is bound to announce new projects, is bound to announce new projects, is bound to announce new projects, updated release dates for things we've updated release dates for things we've updated release dates for things we've been anticipating, and maybe even a few been anticipating, and maybe even a few been anticipating, and maybe even a few surprises that'll come out of left surprises that'll come out of left surprises that'll come out of left field, making Disney fans cheer or sob field, making Disney fans cheer or sob field, making Disney fans cheer or sob as if they're watching the Super Bowl. as if they're watching the Super Bowl. as if they're watching the Super Bowl. Whatever announcements we hear either Whatever announcements we hear either Whatever announcements we hear either before, during, or after D23, we're before, during, or after D23, we're before, during, or after D23, we're going to make sure to add them to our going to make sure to add them to our going to make sure to add them to our constantly updated Disney World 12-month constantly updated Disney World 12-month constantly updated Disney World 12-month calendar, which you can pick up for free calendar, which you can pick up for free calendar, which you can pick up for free today by scanning the QR code you see on today by scanning the QR code you see on today by scanning the QR code you see on the screen now, or by clicking the link the screen now, or by clicking the link the screen now, or by clicking the for in the description for in the description for Disneyfoodblog.com/wdwcal after this. This is going to help you after this. This is going to help you after this. This is going to help you make sure you're never out of the loop make sure you're never out of the loop make sure you're never out of the loop when it comes to Disney World changes, when it comes to Disney World changes, when it comes to Disney World changes, dates, updates, etc., and we'll notify dates, updates, etc., and we'll notify dates, updates, etc., and we'll notify you about special theme park dates to you about special theme park dates to you about special theme park dates to remember year round. I've talked about remember year round. I've talked about remember year round. I've talked about it in past videos before. As much as I it in past videos before. As much as I it in past videos before. As much as I love Frozen Ever After and Epcot, the love Frozen Ever After and Epcot, the love Frozen Ever After and Epcot, the new Frozen attractions that have been new Frozen attractions that have been new Frozen attractions that have been opening up in Disney's overseas parks opening up in Disney's overseas parks opening up in Disney's overseas parks really make this one look dated now. And really make this one look dated now. And really make this one look dated now. And apparently Disney Imagineers have been apparently Disney Imagineers have been apparently Disney Imagineers have been thinking that, too, because they're thinking that, too, because they're thinking that, too, because they're about to take action and give the Frozen about to take action and give the Frozen about to take action and give the Frozen crew a muchneeded animatronic update in crew a muchneeded animatronic update in crew a muchneeded animatronic update in Epcot. On January 26th, 2026, Frozen Epcot. On January 26th, 2026, Frozen Epcot. On January 26th, 2026, Frozen Ever After will temporarily close for Ever After will temporarily close for Ever After will temporarily close for refurbishments. Then later on in refurbishments. Then later on in refurbishments. Then later on in February, it'll reopen with updated February, it'll reopen with updated February, it'll reopen with updated Anna, Elsa, and Kristoff audio Anna, Elsa, and Kristoff audio Anna, Elsa, and Kristoff audio animatronics figures like you can find animatronics figures like you can find animatronics figures like you can find over at Hong Kong Disneyland's version over at Hong Kong Disneyland's version over at Hong Kong Disneyland's version of the ride. Now, just to defend the old of the ride. Now, just to defend the old of the ride. Now, just to defend the old projected face animatronics featured in projected face animatronics featured in projected face animatronics featured in the Epcot ride, at the time of the the Epcot ride, at the time of the the Epcot ride, at the time of the ride's release, those were absolutely ride's release, those were absolutely ride's release, those were absolutely groundbreaking. Frozen Ever After in groundbreaking. Frozen Ever After in groundbreaking. Frozen Ever After in Epcot was the first attraction to have Epcot was the first attraction to have Epcot was the first attraction to have all electric animatronic figures all electric animatronic figures all electric animatronic figures combining electric motors and 3D combining electric motors and 3D combining electric motors and 3D printing. It was also the first Frozen printing. It was also the first Frozen printing. It was also the first Frozen themed ride to hit the Disney scene. So, themed ride to hit the Disney scene. So, themed ride to hit the Disney scene. So, a lot of firsts for this one. Basically, a lot of firsts for this one. Basically, a lot of firsts for this one. Basically, it broke the mold and set the stage. But it broke the mold and set the stage. But it broke the mold and set the stage. But after 10 years of these projected faces, after 10 years of these projected faces, after 10 years of these projected faces, it's time to put them to rest and use it's time to put them to rest and use it's time to put them to rest and use Disney's updated animatronic technology Disney's updated animatronic technology Disney's updated animatronic technology to make our Frozen gals look more to make our Frozen gals look more to make our Frozen gals look more realistic than ever before. Wait until realistic than ever before. Wait until realistic than ever before. Wait until you see them. Oh yeah, now we're you see them. Oh yeah, now we're you see them. Oh yeah, now we're talking. The Rainbow Caverns are about talking. The Rainbow Caverns are about talking. The Rainbow Caverns are about to be back in action. In spring 2026, to be back in action. In spring 2026, to be back in action. In spring 2026, Big Thunder Mountain Railroad in Magic Big Thunder Mountain Railroad in Magic Big Thunder Mountain Railroad in Magic Kingdom will finally reopen after being Kingdom will finally reopen after being Kingdom will finally reopen after being closed for over a year. This means we'll closed for over a year. This means we'll closed for over a year. This means we'll finally be able to experience that new finally be able to experience that new finally be able to experience that new story line, new track, new train cars, story line, new track, new train cars, story line, new track, new train cars, and new sets that Disney's been teasing and new sets that Disney's been teasing and new sets that Disney's been teasing us about for a long time. But one of the us about for a long time. But one of the us about for a long time. But one of the things I'm most looking forward to things I'm most looking forward to things I'm most looking forward to seeing with the reopening of this seeing with the reopening of this seeing with the reopening of this runaway haunted coaster is the return of runaway haunted coaster is the return of runaway haunted coaster is the return of the Rainbow Caverns. Here's a little the Rainbow Caverns. Here's a little the Rainbow Caverns. Here's a little backstory for you. Rainbow Caverns Mine backstory for you. Rainbow Caverns Mine backstory for you. Rainbow Caverns Mine Train was an attraction that ran at Train was an attraction that ran at Train was an attraction that ran at Anaheim's Disneyland Park from 1956 to Anaheim's Disneyland Park from 1956 to Anaheim's Disneyland Park from 1956 to Mine Train Through Nature's Wonderland, Mine Train Through Nature's Wonderland, Mine Train Through Nature's Wonderland, which closed in 1977. Nature's which closed in 1977. Nature's which closed in 1977. Nature's Wonderland featured caverns with Wonderland featured caverns with Wonderland featured caverns with colorful pools of water and shiny colorful pools of water and shiny colorful pools of water and shiny stagmites and stagtites of plenty. But stagmites and stagtites of plenty. But stagmites and stagtites of plenty. But Big Thunder Mountain Railroad replaced Big Thunder Mountain Railroad replaced Big Thunder Mountain Railroad replaced Nature's Wonderland back in 1979. So, Nature's Wonderland back in 1979. So, Nature's Wonderland back in 1979. So, it's really cool to see a Magic Kingdom it's really cool to see a Magic Kingdom it's really cool to see a Magic Kingdom taking inspiration from Big Thunder's taking inspiration from Big Thunder's taking inspiration from Big Thunder's ancestor [music] to create a ride that ancestor [music] to create a ride that ancestor [music] to create a ride that feels new and nostalgic at the same feels new and nostalgic at the same feels new and nostalgic at the same time. According to Disney, expect to see time. According to Disney, expect to see time. According to Disney, expect to see spectacular natural caverns full of spectacular natural caverns full of spectacular natural caverns full of phosphorescent pools, shimmering and phosphorescent pools, shimmering and phosphorescent pools, shimmering and illuminating iridescent stagmites and illuminating iridescent stagmites and illuminating iridescent stagmites and stelagtites, [music] stelagtites, [music] stelagtites, [music] all reminiscent of the rainbow caverns all reminiscent of the rainbow caverns all reminiscent of the rainbow caverns from the good old Disneyland days. You from the good old Disneyland days. You from the good old Disneyland days. You might be thinking, AJ, Buzz Lightyear, might be thinking, AJ, Buzz Lightyear, might be thinking, AJ, Buzz Lightyear, your Space Ranger spin has always been a your Space Ranger spin has always been a your Space Ranger spin has always been a top priority ride. But if you thought top priority ride. But if you thought top priority ride. But if you thought this ride was cool before, just wait this ride was cool before, just wait this ride was cool before, just wait until it reopens with all those new until it reopens with all those new until it reopens with all those new updates. Much like Big Thunder Mountain updates. Much like Big Thunder Mountain updates. Much like Big Thunder Mountain Railroad, Space Ranger Spin will also be Railroad, Space Ranger Spin will also be Railroad, Space Ranger Spin will also be reopening in spring 2026. With the reopening in spring 2026. With the reopening in spring 2026. With the reopening, expect new blasters that reopening, expect new blasters that reopening, expect new blasters that you'll actually be able to pick up and you'll actually be able to pick up and you'll actually be able to pick up and aim with, a new show scene featuring a aim with, a new show scene featuring a aim with, a new show scene featuring a new character, Buddy, the friendly new character, Buddy, the friendly new character, Buddy, the friendly support robot. Love him already. Brand support robot. Love him already. Brand support robot. Love him already. Brand new ride vehicles, gameplay new ride vehicles, gameplay new ride vehicles, gameplay enhancements, and more. I don't know. enhancements, and more. I don't know. enhancements, and more. I don't know. Toy Story Mania and Hollywood Studios Toy Story Mania and Hollywood Studios Toy Story Mania and Hollywood Studios has been my favorite Disney World has been my favorite Disney World has been my favorite Disney World blaster ride for years now. But maybe, blaster ride for years now. But maybe, blaster ride for years now. But maybe, just maybe, Space Ranger Spin will swipe just maybe, Space Ranger Spin will swipe just maybe, Space Ranger Spin will swipe that title in 2026. that title in 2026. that title in 2026. Who's been missing Disney Quest since it Who's been missing Disney Quest since it Who's been missing Disney Quest since it closed back in 2017? Apparently, Disney closed back in 2017? Apparently, Disney closed back in 2017? Apparently, Disney Springs has missed having a mega Springs has missed having a mega Springs has missed having a mega immersive arcade in the west side of it immersive arcade in the west side of it immersive arcade in the west side of it shopping district, too. Because in 2026, shopping district, too. Because in 2026, shopping district, too. Because in 2026, the former Disney Quest building is the former Disney Quest building is the former Disney Quest building is becoming a new interactive arcade called becoming a new interactive arcade called becoming a new interactive arcade called Level 99. If level 99 sounds familiar, Level 99. If level 99 sounds familiar, Level 99. If level 99 sounds familiar, it's because it's not the only level 99 it's because it's not the only level 99 it's because it's not the only level 99 to exist. But the one coming to Disney to exist. But the one coming to Disney to exist. But the one coming to Disney Springs is the first for the state of Springs is the first for the state of Springs is the first for the state of Florida. And this one's going to be the Florida. And this one's going to be the Florida. And this one's going to be the biggest one yet. Think of it like a biggest one yet. Think of it like a biggest one yet. Think of it like a gaming experience that's part escape gaming experience that's part escape gaming experience that's part escape room, part obstacle course, part arcade, room, part obstacle course, part arcade, room, part obstacle course, part arcade, all wrapped up in one big package across all wrapped up in one big package across all wrapped up in one big package across a two-story building. You're going to a two-story building. You're going to a two-story building. You're going to find three kinds of games in the level find three kinds of games in the level find three kinds of games in the level cooperative games for teams of two to cooperative games for teams of two to cooperative games for teams of two to six players. [music] six players. [music] six players. [music] Duels where you'll face challenges Duels where you'll face challenges Duels where you'll face challenges against other players and art hunts against other players and art hunts against other players and art hunts which are like scavenger hunts where which are like scavenger hunts where which are like scavenger hunts where you'll be searching for art. Level 99 you'll be searching for art. Level 99 you'll be searching for art. Level 99 will also feature dining with a chef will also feature dining with a chef will also feature dining with a chef crafted menu, including their signature crafted menu, including their signature crafted menu, including their signature Detroit style pizza. And a good thing Detroit style pizza. And a good thing Detroit style pizza. And a good thing about other Level 99's already existing about other Level 99's already existing about other Level 99's already existing in the world is that we've gotten the in the world is that we've gotten the in the world is that we've gotten the chance to try some of this famous pizza chance to try some of this famous pizza chance to try some of this famous pizza before. So, if you want to read about before. So, if you want to read about before. So, if you want to read about our early reviews of the Level 99 menu, our early reviews of the Level 99 menu, our early reviews of the Level 99 menu, which could give you a solid glimpse which could give you a solid glimpse which could give you a solid glimpse into what it's going to be at Disney into what it's going to be at Disney into what it's going to be at Disney Springs, I'll link our DFB post down in Springs, I'll link our DFB post down in Springs, I'll link our DFB post down in the description [music] for you. But the description [music] for you. But the description [music] for you. But wait, who's going to ask me if I want wait, who's going to ask me if I want wait, who's going to ask me if I want some backstage passes? Rock and Roller some backstage passes? Rock and Roller some backstage passes? Rock and Roller Coaster starring Aerosmith has been a Coaster starring Aerosmith has been a Coaster starring Aerosmith has been a Sunset Boulevard staple since it first Sunset Boulevard staple since it first Sunset Boulevard staple since it first launched its riders into that neon lit launched its riders into that neon lit launched its riders into that neon lit rush back in 1999. For 25 years, the rush back in 1999. For 25 years, the rush back in 1999. For 25 years, the attraction has been anchored by its attraction has been anchored by its attraction has been anchored by its iconic Aerosmith storyline. But in iconic Aerosmith storyline. But in iconic Aerosmith storyline. But in recent years, Rock and Roller Coaster recent years, Rock and Roller Coaster recent years, Rock and Roller Coaster experienced multiple closures, some experienced multiple closures, some experienced multiple closures, some scheduled, some extended, that made us scheduled, some extended, that made us scheduled, some extended, that made us and so many other Disney fans start to and so many other Disney fans start to and so many other Disney fans start to wonder what this coaster's future was wonder what this coaster's future was wonder what this coaster's future was going to look like. And we've got the going to look like. And we've got the going to look like. And we've got the answer. Rock and Roller Coaster starring answer. Rock and Roller Coaster starring answer. Rock and Roller Coaster starring Aerosmith is coming to its final rift. Aerosmith is coming to its final rift. Aerosmith is coming to its final rift. The ride will officially close on March The ride will officially close on March The ride will officially close on March However, technically, part of this ride However, technically, part of this ride However, technically, part of this ride is already closed up shop prematurely. is already closed up shop prematurely. is already closed up shop prematurely. The Aerosmith pre-show is already The Aerosmith pre-show is already The Aerosmith pre-show is already completely walled off, signaling the end completely walled off, signaling the end completely walled off, signaling the end of the backstage recording studio era as of the backstage recording studio era as of the backstage recording studio era as Imagineers prep for the attraction's Imagineers prep for the attraction's Imagineers prep for the attraction's full Muppets takeover. When the coaster full Muppets takeover. When the coaster full Muppets takeover. When the coaster reopens in summer 2026, we'll be reopens in summer 2026, we'll be reopens in summer 2026, we'll be treating rock legends for classic chaos treating rock legends for classic chaos treating rock legends for classic chaos as the Muppets bring their signature as the Muppets bring their signature as the Muppets bring their signature blend of music and mayhem and humor to blend of music and mayhem and humor to blend of music and mayhem and humor to the high-speed launch ride. And before the high-speed launch ride. And before the high-speed launch ride. And before you say anything, yes, I am also aware you say anything, yes, I am also aware you say anything, yes, I am also aware that that's a very short time frame for that that's a very short time frame for that that's a very short time frame for a whole rethe to happen. closing in a whole rethe to happen. closing in a whole rethe to happen. closing in spring 2026 and reopening in summer spring 2026 and reopening in summer spring 2026 and reopening in summer time at all, but hey, it seems like time at all, but hey, it seems like time at all, but hey, it seems like they're already working on the pre-show. they're already working on the pre-show. they're already working on the pre-show. So, it could be that things will be So, it could be that things will be So, it could be that things will be changing kind of behind the scenes as changing kind of behind the scenes as changing kind of behind the scenes as people are still riding. Now, it's a people are still riding. Now, it's a people are still riding. Now, it's a bold change, but since Muppets Courtyard bold change, but since Muppets Courtyard bold change, but since Muppets Courtyard is down for the count to make way for is down for the count to make way for is down for the count to make way for the new Monstropolis area, something the new Monstropolis area, something the new Monstropolis area, something that'll open at a much later date beyond that'll open at a much later date beyond that'll open at a much later date beyond the Muppets are still going to have a the Muppets are still going to have a the Muppets are still going to have a home in Hollywood Studios. But if you home in Hollywood Studios. But if you home in Hollywood Studios. But if you want to have Steven Tyler scream a want to have Steven Tyler scream a want to have Steven Tyler scream a countdown at you pre- coaster launch, countdown at you pre- coaster launch, countdown at you pre- coaster launch, you're going to have to squeeze in a you're going to have to squeeze in a you're going to have to squeeze in a Disney World visit soon. And I mean real Disney World visit soon. And I mean real Disney World visit soon. And I mean real soon. Okay, so let's talk phones. soon. Okay, so let's talk phones. soon. Okay, so let's talk phones. [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] I know you didn't expect this in this I know you didn't expect this in this I know you didn't expect this in this video, but here we go. That I'm nothing video, but here we go. That I'm nothing video, but here we go. That I'm nothing if not unexpected. Phones die super if not unexpected. Phones die super if not unexpected. Phones die super quickly in Disney World. Too quickly. quickly in Disney World. Too quickly. quickly in Disney World. Too quickly. But that makes sense. Between using the But that makes sense. Between using the But that makes sense. Between using the My Disney Experience app and taking My Disney Experience app and taking My Disney Experience app and taking constant photos and videos and maybe constant photos and videos and maybe constant photos and videos and maybe even FaceTiming Nana and Papa back home even FaceTiming Nana and Papa back home even FaceTiming Nana and Papa back home to show them Cinderella Castle, your to show them Cinderella Castle, your to show them Cinderella Castle, your phone's going to get tuckered out, maybe phone's going to get tuckered out, maybe phone's going to get tuckered out, maybe even before lunch. Fortunately, Disney's even before lunch. Fortunately, Disney's even before lunch. Fortunately, Disney's got a way to combat that. Fuel rod got a way to combat that. Fuel rod got a way to combat that. Fuel rod kiosks have been part of the Disney kiosks have been part of the Disney kiosks have been part of the Disney scene for a good long while now where scene for a good long while now where scene for a good long while now where you purchase a charger and swap it out you purchase a charger and swap it out you purchase a charger and swap it out for free with a freshly juiced up one for free with a freshly juiced up one for free with a freshly juiced up one whenever you come across another Disney whenever you come across another Disney whenever you come across another Disney fuel rod kiosk. But the problem with fuel rod kiosk. But the problem with fuel rod kiosk. But the problem with these fuel rods have always been that these fuel rods have always been that these fuel rods have always been that they don't hold a whole lot of charge in they don't hold a whole lot of charge in they don't hold a whole lot of charge in the first place. [music] the first place. [music] the first place. [music] But I'd like you to meet the Fuel Rod But I'd like you to meet the Fuel Rod But I'd like you to meet the Fuel Rod Max 10. This one's been revamped from Max 10. This one's been revamped from Max 10. This one's been revamped from that little cylinder form we've come to that little cylinder form we've come to that little cylinder form we've come to know so well. This one holds a better know so well. This one holds a better know so well. This one holds a better charge and it includes multiple charging charge and it includes multiple charging charge and it includes multiple charging ports, a lit battery life indicator on ports, a lit battery life indicator on ports, a lit battery life indicator on the side, a button to turn power off, the side, a button to turn power off, the side, a button to turn power off, power on, multiple chargers for power on, multiple chargers for power on, multiple chargers for different charging ends, and a Magnus different charging ends, and a Magnus different charging ends, and a Magnus safe so you can magnetically charge your safe so you can magnetically charge your safe so you can magnetically charge your phone if you prefer. But these new fuel phone if you prefer. But these new fuel phone if you prefer. But these new fuel rods cost double what the old ones do, rods cost double what the old ones do, rods cost double what the old ones do, starting at $80 for an initial kit. So, starting at $80 for an initial kit. So, starting at $80 for an initial kit. So, the huge advantage of purchasing this the huge advantage of purchasing this the huge advantage of purchasing this portable charger versus another one is portable charger versus another one is portable charger versus another one is that [music] swap out ability. While that [music] swap out ability. While that [music] swap out ability. While other portable chargers might run out of other portable chargers might run out of other portable chargers might run out of juice during the day, anytime your fuel juice during the day, anytime your fuel juice during the day, anytime your fuel rod Max runs out, you just find a fuel rod Max runs out, you just find a fuel rod Max runs out, you just find a fuel rod kiosk and get a new one so you never rod kiosk and get a new one so you never rod kiosk and get a new one so you never have to be without power. Now, here's have to be without power. Now, here's have to be without power. Now, here's the key. Go get your initial Fuel Rod the key. Go get your initial Fuel Rod the key. Go get your initial Fuel Rod Max 10 on Amazon because it's going to Max 10 on Amazon because it's going to Max 10 on Amazon because it's going to cost you less than it's going to cost if cost you less than it's going to cost if cost you less than it's going to cost if you buy it on Disney property. And the you buy it on Disney property. And the you buy it on Disney property. And the ones you get on Amazon are just as ones you get on Amazon are just as ones you get on Amazon are just as swappable as the ones you find on Disney swappable as the ones you find on Disney swappable as the ones you find on Disney grounds. Good news, everybody. The free grounds. Good news, everybody. The free grounds. Good news, everybody. The free water park perk available for Disney water park perk available for Disney water park perk available for Disney World hotel guests is coming back in World hotel guests is coming back in World hotel guests is coming back in not bad, it's just different. Disney not bad, it's just different. Disney not bad, it's just different. Disney World's free water park perk is going to World's free water park perk is going to World's free water park perk is going to be more limited than [music] it was be more limited than [music] it was be more limited than [music] it was before. Okay, so this perk was before. Okay, so this perk was before. Okay, so this perk was introduced in 2025 and it allowed Disney introduced in 2025 and it allowed Disney introduced in 2025 and it allowed Disney guests staying on Disney property, so in guests staying on Disney property, so in guests staying on Disney property, so in a Disney owned hotel, free entry into a Disney owned hotel, free entry into a Disney owned hotel, free entry into one of Disney's two water parks on the one of Disney's two water parks on the one of Disney's two water parks on the day you check into your hotel. In 2025, day you check into your hotel. In 2025, day you check into your hotel. In 2025, this was available all year long, 365 this was available all year long, 365 this was available all year long, 365 days. But in 2026, it is going to be days. But in 2026, it is going to be days. But in 2026, it is going to be summer only. So, what days in the summer summer only. So, what days in the summer summer only. So, what days in the summer will it be applicable? Not sure yet. We will it be applicable? Not sure yet. We will it be applicable? Not sure yet. We just know that free water park tickets just know that free water park tickets just know that free water park tickets will no longer be a thing, in the will no longer be a thing, in the will no longer be a thing, in the winter, spring, or fall. But at least winter, spring, or fall. But at least winter, spring, or fall. But at least they should be available when they they should be available when they they should be available when they matter most, which is during the hottest matter most, which is during the hottest matter most, which is during the hottest time of the year. Stay tuned. Disney time of the year. Stay tuned. Disney time of the year. Stay tuned. Disney World is going through some major World is going through some major World is going through some major construction right now. Uh, you might construction right now. Uh, you might construction right now. Uh, you might have heard about that. [laughter] And have heard about that. [laughter] And have heard about that. [laughter] And while we may not love the growing pains while we may not love the growing pains while we may not love the growing pains in 2026, all that work is going to in 2026, all that work is going to in 2026, all that work is going to change Disney World for sure. Animal change Disney World for sure. Animal change Disney World for sure. Animal Kingdom, Hollywood Studios, and Magic Kingdom, Hollywood Studios, and Magic Kingdom, Hollywood Studios, and Magic Kingdom have major parts of the parks Kingdom have major parts of the parks Kingdom have major parts of the parks that are closed while Disney builds that are closed while Disney builds that are closed while Disney builds brand new lands and new attractions. brand new lands and new attractions. brand new lands and new attractions. Animal Kingdom is retooling Dino Land to Animal Kingdom is retooling Dino Land to Animal Kingdom is retooling Dino Land to become Tropical Americas with Encanto become Tropical Americas with Encanto become Tropical Americas with Encanto and Indiana Jones themed attractions. and Indiana Jones themed attractions. and Indiana Jones themed attractions. It's going to be called PBLO Espironza. It's going to be called PBLO Espironza. It's going to be called PBLO Espironza. Hollywood Studios will be getting that Hollywood Studios will be getting that Hollywood Studios will be getting that new animation courtyard revamp, but new animation courtyard revamp, but new animation courtyard revamp, but Monstropolis is going to take a bit Monstropolis is going to take a bit Monstropolis is going to take a bit longer. And that construction will be longer. And that construction will be longer. And that construction will be pretty noticeable on your way into pretty noticeable on your way into pretty noticeable on your way into Galaxy's Edge. Magic Kingdom's Galaxy's Edge. Magic Kingdom's Galaxy's Edge. Magic Kingdom's construction is also in your face with construction is also in your face with construction is also in your face with the Rivers of America drained and loads the Rivers of America drained and loads the Rivers of America drained and loads of construction walls barely blocking of construction walls barely blocking of construction walls barely blocking off the cranes working to build Piston off the cranes working to build Piston off the cranes working to build Piston Peak, the new Cars Land coming to the Peak, the new Cars Land coming to the Peak, the new Cars Land coming to the park. Luckily, besides shortening the park. Luckily, besides shortening the park. Luckily, besides shortening the route of the railroad, it seems the route of the railroad, it seems the route of the railroad, it seems the Villain's Land construction is a bit Villain's Land construction is a bit Villain's Land construction is a bit more hidden back there behind Big more hidden back there behind Big more hidden back there behind Big Thunder Mountain Railroad. And outside Thunder Mountain Railroad. And outside Thunder Mountain Railroad. And outside the parks, there's a whole new hotel the parks, there's a whole new hotel the parks, there's a whole new hotel taking shape over by Wilderness Lodge. taking shape over by Wilderness Lodge. taking shape over by Wilderness Lodge. Lakeshore Lodge may not be opening until Lakeshore Lodge may not be opening until Lakeshore Lodge may not be opening until construction while you're on the construction while you're on the construction while you're on the Montreal, traveling between the Montreal, traveling between the Montreal, traveling between the Contemporary and the Transportation and Contemporary and the Transportation and Contemporary and the Transportation and Ticket Center. Now, don't let that get Ticket Center. Now, don't let that get Ticket Center. Now, don't let that get you down if you've got a 2026 trip you down if you've got a 2026 trip you down if you've got a 2026 trip planned. There's still plenty to see and planned. There's still plenty to see and planned. There's still plenty to see and do right now in the parks. The Guardian do right now in the parks. The Guardian do right now in the parks. The Guardian View Lounge at Disney's Grand Fian View Lounge at Disney's Grand Fian View Lounge at Disney's Grand Fian Resort has been closed since the CO 19 Resort has been closed since the CO 19 Resort has been closed since the CO 19 pandemic related shutdown of Disney pandemic related shutdown of Disney pandemic related shutdown of Disney World, but Disney's revealed that it World, but Disney's revealed that it World, but Disney's revealed that it will finally be reopening. The Garden will finally be reopening. The Garden will finally be reopening. The Garden View Lounge is set to reopen sometime in View Lounge is set to reopen sometime in View Lounge is set to reopen sometime in early 2026 and is going to offer a new early 2026 and is going to offer a new early 2026 and is going to offer a new tea experience with whimsical Disney tea experience with whimsical Disney tea experience with whimsical Disney touches. We're awaiting any more touches. We're awaiting any more touches. We're awaiting any more exciting restaurant news for 2026, so be exciting restaurant news for 2026, so be exciting restaurant news for 2026, so be sure to sign up for our newsletter to be sure to sign up for our newsletter to be sure to sign up for our newsletter to be the first to hear about new dining and the first to hear about new dining and the first to hear about new dining and snack locations in the parks. We get snack locations in the parks. We get snack locations in the parks. We get very excited when we hear about that very excited when we hear about that very excited when we hear about that stuff. Hollywood Studios is going stuff. Hollywood Studios is going stuff. Hollywood Studios is going through quite the change in 2026, right? through quite the change in 2026, right? through quite the change in 2026, right? And Galaxy's Edge is not immune from And Galaxy's Edge is not immune from And Galaxy's Edge is not immune from these changes, but in a good way. these changes, but in a good way. these changes, but in a good way. Millennium Falcon Smuggler's Run is Millennium Falcon Smuggler's Run is Millennium Falcon Smuggler's Run is getting a major update to go along with getting a major update to go along with getting a major update to go along with the big Mando movie release on May 22nd. the big Mando movie release on May 22nd. the big Mando movie release on May 22nd. With this update, you're going to see With this update, you're going to see With this update, you're going to see new scenes with The Mandalorian and new scenes with The Mandalorian and new scenes with The Mandalorian and Grou, of course, as well as higher Grou, of course, as well as higher Grou, of course, as well as higher quality graphics, more interactive quality graphics, more interactive quality graphics, more interactive moments to make your flight feel more moments to make your flight feel more moments to make your flight feel more realistic. And from here on out, every realistic. And from here on out, every realistic. And from here on out, every ride position is going to be a good ride ride position is going to be a good ride ride position is going to be a good ride position. Now, what do I mean by that? position. Now, what do I mean by that? position. Now, what do I mean by that? You know how the engineer the back seat You know how the engineer the back seat You know how the engineer the back seat position is usually the one that nobody position is usually the one that nobody position is usually the one that nobody wants besides me since I'm a- okay with wants besides me since I'm a- okay with wants besides me since I'm a- okay with low stress rideroughs. After all these low stress rideroughs. After all these low stress rideroughs. After all these updates are made, those who get the updates are made, those who get the updates are made, those who get the engineer position will be able to choose engineer position will be able to choose engineer position will be able to choose the location everyone travels to during the location everyone travels to during the location everyone travels to during the ride. Now, did I mention that this the ride. Now, did I mention that this the ride. Now, did I mention that this ride is going to have a completely ride is going to have a completely ride is going to have a completely different Star Wars setting to explore, different Star Wars setting to explore, different Star Wars setting to explore, too? Yep, reride ability. Now, where did too? Yep, reride ability. Now, where did too? Yep, reride ability. Now, where did you come from? Giant popcorn box. Over you come from? Giant popcorn box. Over you come from? Giant popcorn box. Over in Toy Story Land, a new little snack in Toy Story Land, a new little snack in Toy Story Land, a new little snack stand is currently in the works. And stand is currently in the works. And stand is currently in the works. And this one is shaped like an oversized this one is shaped like an oversized this one is shaped like an oversized popcorn container. Okay, maybe it's popcorn container. Okay, maybe it's popcorn container. Okay, maybe it's normalsized. After all, we're the ones normalsized. After all, we're the ones normalsized. After all, we're the ones in this land who are toy sized. Disney in this land who are toy sized. Disney in this land who are toy sized. Disney hasn't yet announced when this snack hasn't yet announced when this snack hasn't yet announced when this snack stand's going to open per the release of stand's going to open per the release of stand's going to open per the release of this video, but we're crossing our this video, but we're crossing our this video, but we're crossing our fingers it'll be sooner rather than fingers it'll be sooner rather than fingers it'll be sooner rather than later. Perhaps this isn't going to later. Perhaps this isn't going to later. Perhaps this isn't going to change Disney World forever, but I think change Disney World forever, but I think change Disney World forever, but I think we'll all be changed on like a personal we'll all be changed on like a personal we'll all be changed on like a personal level whenever this seasonal overlay level whenever this seasonal overlay level whenever this seasonal overlay does happen. Saurin in Epcot has never does happen. Saurin in Epcot has never does happen. Saurin in Epcot has never been a stranger to reinvention. The been a stranger to reinvention. The been a stranger to reinvention. The first version of Saurin, Saurin over first version of Saurin, Saurin over first version of Saurin, Saurin over California, whisked riders above the California, whisked riders above the California, whisked riders above the iconic Golden State landscapes from the iconic Golden State landscapes from the iconic Golden State landscapes from the vineyards of Napa Valley to the crashing vineyards of Napa Valley to the crashing vineyards of Napa Valley to the crashing surf of Malibu. Then in 2016, the ride surf of Malibu. Then in 2016, the ride surf of Malibu. Then in 2016, the ride took on a broader scope and became took on a broader scope and became took on a broader scope and became soaring around the world, giving guests soaring around the world, giving guests soaring around the world, giving guests the chance to glide over international the chance to glide over international the chance to glide over international landmarks like the Great Wall of China, landmarks like the Great Wall of China, landmarks like the Great Wall of China, the leaning but now fixed Eiffel Tower, the leaning but now fixed Eiffel Tower, the leaning but now fixed Eiffel Tower, and the Great Pyramids of Giza. This and the Great Pyramids of Giza. This and the Great Pyramids of Giza. This updated version is the new standard updated version is the new standard updated version is the new standard Saurin, though the Saurin out in Disney Saurin, though the Saurin out in Disney Saurin, though the Saurin out in Disney California Adventure will still bring California Adventure will still bring California Adventure will still bring back the OG Saurin over Cali during its back the OG Saurin over Cali during its back the OG Saurin over Cali during its springtime food and wine festival. And springtime food and wine festival. And springtime food and wine festival. And now Disney's announced that the new now Disney's announced that the new now Disney's announced that the new anticipated version of Saurin, aptly anticipated version of Saurin, aptly anticipated version of Saurin, aptly named Saurin across America, will be named Saurin across America, will be named Saurin across America, will be running in Epcot by Memorial Day in running in Epcot by Memorial Day in running in Epcot by Memorial Day in run on a limited time basis during a run on a limited time basis during a run on a limited time basis during a companywide celebration called Disney companywide celebration called Disney companywide celebration called Disney Celebrates America, which will Celebrates America, which will Celebrates America, which will commemorate the 250th anniversary of the commemorate the 250th anniversary of the commemorate the 250th anniversary of the United States. This upcoming iteration United States. This upcoming iteration United States. This upcoming iteration will focus on the diverse, sweeping will focus on the diverse, sweeping will focus on the diverse, sweeping landscapes of America, bringing the landscapes of America, bringing the landscapes of America, bringing the attraction full circle, returning home attraction full circle, returning home attraction full circle, returning home to an American themed experience, but on to an American themed experience, but on to an American themed experience, but on a much grander scale. Now, this is a much grander scale. Now, this is a much grander scale. Now, this is coming to Disneyland as well, just FYI, coming to Disneyland as well, just FYI, coming to Disneyland as well, just FYI, even though this video is not about even though this video is not about even though this video is not about Disneyland, but it is going to be a Disneyland, but it is going to be a Disneyland, but it is going to be a temporary overlay in both locations. In temporary overlay in both locations. In temporary overlay in both locations. In summer 2026, Blueie fans will want to summer 2026, Blueie fans will want to summer 2026, Blueie fans will want to head to Conservation Station in Animal head to Conservation Station in Animal head to Conservation Station in Animal Kingdom to meet and dance and play some Kingdom to meet and dance and play some Kingdom to meet and dance and play some popular games with Blueie and Bingo. popular games with Blueie and Bingo. popular games with Blueie and Bingo. This will be the very first time we'll This will be the very first time we'll This will be the very first time we'll be seeing these sisters in the East be seeing these sisters in the East be seeing these sisters in the East Coast theme park, so we are definitely Coast theme park, so we are definitely Coast theme park, so we are definitely excited to welcome them on over to the excited to welcome them on over to the excited to welcome them on over to the Sunshine State. The Blue and Bingo meet Sunshine State. The Blue and Bingo meet Sunshine State. The Blue and Bingo meet and greets seem to be overlapping with and greets seem to be overlapping with and greets seem to be overlapping with the return of Cool Kids Summer, which is the return of Cool Kids Summer, which is the return of Cool Kids Summer, which is a limited time offering that was a limited time offering that was a limited time offering that was introduced to Disney World in 2025 and introduced to Disney World in 2025 and introduced to Disney World in 2025 and will be returning in 2026 [music] will be returning in 2026 [music] will be returning in 2026 [music] with DJ dance parties, lots of rare with DJ dance parties, lots of rare with DJ dance parties, lots of rare characters out and about, exclusive characters out and about, exclusive characters out and about, exclusive snacks, and more. Okay. Yes. So, big snacks, and more. Okay. Yes. So, big snacks, and more. Okay. Yes. So, big changes are on the horizon for these changes are on the horizon for these changes are on the horizon for these Orlando parks. But what's not going to Orlando parks. But what's not going to Orlando parks. But what's not going to change is the DFB squad covering all the change is the DFB squad covering all the change is the DFB squad covering all the latest updates and giving you all the latest updates and giving you all the latest updates and giving you all the new tips and tricks to navigate this new tips and tricks to navigate this new tips and tricks to navigate this strange new Disney [music] World. So strange new Disney [music] World. So strange new Disney [music] World. So stay tuned for more. Check out one of stay tuned for more. Check out one of stay tuned for more. Check out one of our other recent Disney World planning our other recent Disney World planning our other recent Disney World planning videos next, like the ultimate guide to videos next, like the ultimate guide to videos next, like the ultimate guide to Magic Kingdom in 2026. That's a great Magic Kingdom in 2026. That's a great Magic Kingdom in 2026. That's a great place to [music] start. And don't forget place to [music] start. And don't forget place to [music] start. And don't forget to download our free Disney World to download our free Disney World to download our free Disney World over at disneyfoodblog.com/wdwcal. [music] Thanks for listening everyone [music] Thanks for listening everyone [music] Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this and thanks for watching. As always, this and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see is AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see is AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real soon.
