---
video_id: LBKJnhB3FwU
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Top 10 BEST VALUE Restaurants in Disney World -- Quick Service Meals"
published: 2025-12-24
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LBKJnhB3FwU
---
All right. After extensive research, All right. After extensive research, All right. After extensive research, eating everywhere, and some serious eating everywhere, and some serious eating everywhere, and some serious battles on our Slack channels, the DFB battles on our Slack channels, the DFB battles on our Slack channels, the DFB team and I have been to every single team and I have been to every single team and I have been to every single Disney World quick service restaurant, Disney World quick service restaurant, Disney World quick service restaurant, and these are the top 10 we think are and these are the top 10 we think are and these are the top 10 we think are the best [music] value for your dollar the best [music] value for your dollar the best [music] value for your dollar in 2026. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Vlog. 2026 is going to be our year for Vlog. 2026 is going to be our year for Vlog. 2026 is going to be our year for tracking down the best values in Disney tracking down the best values in Disney tracking down the best values in Disney World's restaurants. So, today we're World's restaurants. So, today we're World's restaurants. So, today we're bringing you the top 10 Disney World bringing you the top 10 Disney World bringing you the top 10 Disney World quick services. That's Disney's term for quick services. That's Disney's term for quick services. That's Disney's term for fast food. That'll stretch your dollars fast food. That'll stretch your dollars fast food. That'll stretch your dollars the farthest while also showing you the the farthest while also showing you the the farthest while also showing you the best value menu items at each location. best value menu items at each location. best value menu items at each location. Now, when we talk about specific entre, Now, when we talk about specific entre, Now, when we talk about specific entre, we're going to be rounding to the we're going to be rounding to the we're going to be rounding to the nearest dollar since Disney World has nearest dollar since Disney World has nearest dollar since Disney World has the tendency to change prices on you. the tendency to change prices on you. the tendency to change prices on you. And we want to make sure you can refer And we want to make sure you can refer And we want to make sure you can refer back to this video for a good long back to this video for a good long back to this video for a good long while. So, just be sure to double check while. So, just be sure to double check while. So, just be sure to double check Disney's online menus while you're Disney's online menus while you're Disney's online menus while you're creating your specific food budget. All creating your specific food budget. All creating your specific food budget. All right, kicking off today's video with a right, kicking off today's video with a right, kicking off today's video with a little surf and turf action in Magic little surf and turf action in Magic little surf and turf action in Magic Kingdom. Columbia Harbor House is Kingdom. Columbia Harbor House is Kingdom. Columbia Harbor House is located in Liberty Square, and it's located in Liberty Square, and it's located in Liberty Square, and it's definitely my favorite quick service in definitely my favorite quick service in definitely my favorite quick service in Magic Kingdom. Granted, some Magic Magic Kingdom. Granted, some Magic Magic Kingdom. Granted, some Magic Kingdom quick service meals will Kingdom quick service meals will Kingdom quick service meals will probably be cheaper, like the flatbreads probably be cheaper, like the flatbreads probably be cheaper, like the flatbreads at Pinocchio Village House or the nacho at Pinocchio Village House or the nacho at Pinocchio Village House or the nacho bowls at Pico Spill Tall Tale Inn and bowls at Pico Spill Tall Tale Inn and bowls at Pico Spill Tall Tale Inn and Cafe [music] or even the burgers at Cafe [music] or even the burgers at Cafe [music] or even the burgers at Cosmic Ray Starlight Cafe. But we're Cosmic Ray Starlight Cafe. But we're Cosmic Ray Starlight Cafe. But we're talking about value here. And for just a talking about value here. And for just a talking about value here. And for just a few dollars extra per entree, you're not few dollars extra per entree, you're not few dollars extra per entree, you're not only getting a solid meal, but you're only getting a solid meal, but you're only getting a solid meal, but you're also getting a meal that typically comes also getting a meal that typically comes also getting a meal that typically comes with a couple extra sides. Plus, you'll with a couple extra sides. Plus, you'll with a couple extra sides. Plus, you'll be chowing down on an entree that makes be chowing down on an entree that makes be chowing down on an entree that makes you go, "Yeah, theme park seafood is you go, "Yeah, theme park seafood is you go, "Yeah, theme park seafood is actually pretty good. Some of the best actually pretty good. Some of the best actually pretty good. Some of the best value options you can get at Columbia value options you can get at Columbia value options you can get at Columbia Harbor House are the platters. The Harbor House are the platters. The Harbor House are the platters. The shrimp skewer platter for $15 comes with shrimp skewer platter for $15 comes with shrimp skewer platter for $15 comes with a side of green beans and rice. The trio a side of green beans and rice. The trio a side of green beans and rice. The trio platter for just under 15 comes with a platter for just under 15 comes with a platter for just under 15 comes with a combo of beer battered shrimp, chicken, combo of beer battered shrimp, chicken, combo of beer battered shrimp, chicken, and beer battered fish served with sides and beer battered fish served with sides and beer battered fish served with sides of French fries and hush puppies. And I of French fries and hush puppies. And I of French fries and hush puppies. And I would happily just chow down on a basket would happily just chow down on a basket would happily just chow down on a basket of hush puppies alone if it would of hush puppies alone if it would of hush puppies alone if it would sustain me for the rest of the day. But sustain me for the rest of the day. But sustain me for the rest of the day. But sometimes I'll still swing by Columbia sometimes I'll still swing by Columbia sometimes I'll still swing by Columbia Harbor House for a snack and get an Harbor House for a snack and get an Harbor House for a snack and get an allocart side of hush puppies for just allocart side of hush puppies for just allocart side of hush puppies for just under six bucks. The beer batter shrimp under six bucks. The beer batter shrimp under six bucks. The beer batter shrimp platter and the beer batter fish platter platter and the beer batter fish platter platter and the beer batter fish platter cost around $14 and they're both served cost around $14 and they're both served cost around $14 and they're both served with a side of fries. And for your with a side of fries. And for your with a side of fries. And for your cheapest platter option, you can stick cheapest platter option, you can stick cheapest platter option, you can stick to the good old chicken tenders for $11. to the good old chicken tenders for $11. to the good old chicken tenders for $11. And you'll also get a side of fries with And you'll also get a side of fries with And you'll also get a side of fries with that one. The maple mustard glazed that one. The maple mustard glazed that one. The maple mustard glazed salmon is a little pricier at $16. But salmon is a little pricier at $16. But salmon is a little pricier at $16. But when I tell you the quality of that when I tell you the quality of that when I tell you the quality of that salmon is very good. I mean it. [music] salmon is very good. I mean it. [music] salmon is very good. I mean it. [music] It comes out tender. The mustard glaze It comes out tender. The mustard glaze It comes out tender. The mustard glaze on top is like a slightly sweet Djon on top is like a slightly sweet Djon on top is like a slightly sweet Djon sauce. The side of green beans is well sauce. The side of green beans is well sauce. The side of green beans is well cooked but still have a bit of snap to cooked but still have a bit of snap to cooked but still have a bit of snap to them. And the white rice is your typical them. And the white rice is your typical them. And the white rice is your typical white rice, but still compliments white rice, but still compliments white rice, but still compliments everything else on the plate really everything else on the plate really everything else on the plate really well, and it's good portion size as well, and it's good portion size as well, and it's good portion size as well. The lobster roll at Columbia well. The lobster roll at Columbia well. The lobster roll at Columbia Harbor House is going to be your Harbor House is going to be your Harbor House is going to be your priciest option. It's $19 bucks. But if priciest option. It's $19 bucks. But if priciest option. It's $19 bucks. But if you're looking for a more affordable you're looking for a more affordable you're looking for a more affordable roll that's still wildly flavorful and roll that's still wildly flavorful and roll that's still wildly flavorful and tasty, [music] tasty, [music] tasty, [music] consider trying the plant-based Hearts consider trying the plant-based Hearts consider trying the plant-based Hearts of Palm and Artichoke roll for $13 of Palm and Artichoke roll for $13 of Palm and Artichoke roll for $13 instead. Not looking for anything too instead. Not looking for anything too instead. Not looking for anything too heavy? Kids and adults alike are more heavy? Kids and adults alike are more heavy? Kids and adults alike are more than welcome to order off the kids menu than welcome to order off the kids menu than welcome to order off the kids menu of any Disney World quick service to get of any Disney World quick service to get of any Disney World quick service to get smaller portions of the same things you smaller portions of the same things you smaller portions of the same things you can normally get on the adults menu, can normally get on the adults menu, can normally get on the adults menu, plus a few extra sides and a drink. The plus a few extra sides and a drink. The plus a few extra sides and a drink. The kids grilled salmon and the kids grilled kids grilled salmon and the kids grilled kids grilled salmon and the kids grilled shrimp skewer both come with your choice shrimp skewer both come with your choice shrimp skewer both come with your choice of two sides, plus either a small water of two sides, plus either a small water of two sides, plus either a small water or small low-fat milk or a small soda or small low-fat milk or a small soda or small low-fat milk or a small soda pop as well. All for $9. And if you're pop as well. All for $9. And if you're pop as well. All for $9. And if you're wanting to go even lighter or cheaper wanting to go even lighter or cheaper wanting to go even lighter or cheaper than that, there's always the New than that, there's always the New than that, there's always the New England clam chowder you can order as an England clam chowder you can order as an England clam chowder you can order as an allocart side for seven bucks. Now, like allocart side for seven bucks. Now, like allocart side for seven bucks. Now, like I said at the start of the video, 2026 I said at the start of the video, 2026 I said at the start of the video, 2026 is the year that the DFB team and I are is the year that the DFB team and I are is the year that the DFB team and I are really diving deep into savings and really diving deep into savings and really diving deep into savings and value, especially when it comes to value, especially when it comes to value, especially when it comes to Disney dining. But let me prove that to Disney dining. But let me prove that to Disney dining. But let me prove that to you. In our updated DFB guide to Walt you. In our updated DFB guide to Walt you. In our updated DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining, which you can find Disney World dining, which you can find Disney World dining, which you can find on the dfbstore.com website, you're on the dfbstore.com website, you're on the dfbstore.com website, you're going to find whole sections where we going to find whole sections where we going to find whole sections where we break down Disney dining costs, how to break down Disney dining costs, how to break down Disney dining costs, how to save money while dining around property, save money while dining around property, save money while dining around property, how to maximize your Disney dining plan how to maximize your Disney dining plan how to maximize your Disney dining plan credits, and more. And we'll even help credits, and more. And we'll even help credits, and more. And we'll even help you get a kickstart on that savings. you get a kickstart on that savings. you get a kickstart on that savings. Just type in code YouTube before you Just type in code YouTube before you Just type in code YouTube before you check out to save money on your check out to save money on your check out to save money on your guidebook [music] purchase. If you're guidebook [music] purchase. If you're guidebook [music] purchase. If you're not ready to purchase the DFB guide yet, not ready to purchase the DFB guide yet, not ready to purchase the DFB guide yet, no worries. Our free DFB planning no worries. Our free DFB planning no worries. Our free DFB planning worksheets will still help you navigate worksheets will still help you navigate worksheets will still help you navigate all sorts of Disney World savings and all sorts of Disney World savings and all sorts of Disney World savings and chisel out a vacation budget that works chisel out a vacation budget that works chisel out a vacation budget that works for you. You can pick those up today by for you. You can pick those up today by for you. You can pick those up today by scanning the QR code you see on the scanning the QR code you see on the scanning the QR code you see on the screen now or heading to screen now or heading to screen now or heading to disneyfoodblog.com/discoplans disneyfoodblog.com/discoplans disneyfoodblog.com/discoplans after this. Again, totally free. Now, after this. Again, totally free. Now, after this. Again, totally free. Now, you don't have to book a full-on table you don't have to book a full-on table you don't have to book a full-on table service meal to get internationally service meal to get internationally service meal to get internationally inspired cuisine that is unbelievable inspired cuisine that is unbelievable inspired cuisine that is unbelievable quality. All you got to do is step quality. All you got to do is step quality. All you got to do is step inside Epcot's France pavilion. Le all inside Epcot's France pavilion. Le all inside Epcot's France pavilion. Le all the lingerie petisserie is far and away the lingerie petisserie is far and away the lingerie petisserie is far and away going to be your cheapest lunch option going to be your cheapest lunch option going to be your cheapest lunch option in Epcot and that's because lots of the in Epcot and that's because lots of the in Epcot and that's because lots of the main entre here aren't even going to main entre here aren't even going to main entre here aren't even going to break that $10 threshold. For example, break that $10 threshold. For example, break that $10 threshold. For example, you can get the croissant jambone you can get the croissant jambone you can get the croissant jambone fromage ham cheese and bashamel in a fromage ham cheese and bashamel in a fromage ham cheese and bashamel in a croissant for seven bucks. The soup dour croissant for seven bucks. The soup dour croissant for seven bucks. The soup dour aka the daily soup which comes in a aka the daily soup which comes in a aka the daily soup which comes in a bread bowl is only $8. The pisladier bread bowl is only $8. The pisladier bread bowl is only $8. The pisladier which is a flatbread-like item topped which is a flatbread-like item topped which is a flatbread-like item topped with tomatoes, olives and griier cheese with tomatoes, olives and griier cheese with tomatoes, olives and griier cheese is six bucks. The kiches like the is six bucks. The kiches like the is six bucks. The kiches like the Florentine and kiche lraine range Florentine and kiche lraine range Florentine and kiche lraine range between 8 and 10 and they're pretty between 8 and 10 and they're pretty between 8 and 10 and they're pretty significant sizes for that price tag. significant sizes for that price tag. significant sizes for that price tag. And the croissant salaul, a great And the croissant salaul, a great And the croissant salaul, a great breakfast option since it's just a breakfast option since it's just a breakfast option since it's just a massive croissant stuff with eggs and massive croissant stuff with eggs and massive croissant stuff with eggs and cheese and bacon, [music] just hits that cheese and bacon, [music] just hits that cheese and bacon, [music] just hits that $10 mark. The main thing you have to $10 mark. The main thing you have to $10 mark. The main thing you have to watch out for with Leol is the lines watch out for with Leol is the lines watch out for with Leol is the lines since there's no mobile order option and since there's no mobile order option and since there's no mobile order option and other guests have caught on about the other guests have caught on about the other guests have caught on about the great deals going on here. The best great deals going on here. The best great deals going on here. The best times to hit up Leol to avoid the times to hit up Leol to avoid the times to hit up Leol to avoid the longest lines are right at rope drop longest lines are right at rope drop longest lines are right at rope drop since many of the other folks are going since many of the other folks are going since many of the other folks are going to use rope drop to prioritize the ride to use rope drop to prioritize the ride to use rope drop to prioritize the ride lines which might be a better strategy lines which might be a better strategy lines which might be a better strategy for you too if rides are a bigger for you too if rides are a bigger for you too if rides are a bigger priority for you. But if you're like me priority for you. But if you're like me priority for you. But if you're like me and baguettes are a bigger priority for and baguettes are a bigger priority for and baguettes are a bigger priority for you than go to lay all and also right you than go to lay all and also right you than go to lay all and also right after the lunch rush like around 2 to 4 after the lunch rush like around 2 to 4 after the lunch rush like around 2 to 4 p.m. Although that can get dodgy when p.m. Although that can get dodgy when p.m. Although that can get dodgy when people are kind of doing that whole 300 people are kind of doing that whole 300 people are kind of doing that whole 300 p.m. slump I need a coffee and a pastry p.m. slump I need a coffee and a pastry p.m. slump I need a coffee and a pastry thing, right? But towards the end of the thing, right? But towards the end of the thing, right? But towards the end of the day, keep in mind that Leal usually day, keep in mind that Leal usually day, keep in mind that Leal usually closes 30 minutes before the park does. closes 30 minutes before the park does. closes 30 minutes before the park does. You might also find some lower weights. You might also find some lower weights. You might also find some lower weights. Okay, so Satuli Canteen in Pandora in Okay, so Satuli Canteen in Pandora in Okay, so Satuli Canteen in Pandora in Animal Kingdom is not necessarily the Animal Kingdom is not necessarily the Animal Kingdom is not necessarily the cheapest quick service in this park, but cheapest quick service in this park, but cheapest quick service in this park, but you're going to get really hearty you're going to get really hearty you're going to get really hearty portions here for the prices you pay, portions here for the prices you pay, portions here for the prices you pay, and the food quality is excellent. and the food quality is excellent. and the food quality is excellent. Satuli Canteen is best known for its Satuli Canteen is best known for its Satuli Canteen is best known for its customizable bowls. [music] Think like customizable bowls. [music] Think like customizable bowls. [music] Think like Chipotle, but like Na'vi Banshee version Chipotle, but like Na'vi Banshee version Chipotle, but like Na'vi Banshee version of that. First, you'll select your of that. First, you'll select your of that. First, you'll select your protein, then your base, which could be protein, then your base, which could be protein, then your base, which could be the red and sweet potato hash, the the red and sweet potato hash, the the red and sweet potato hash, the noodles, the rice and beans, or the noodles, the rice and beans, or the noodles, the rice and beans, or the hearty salad. And then your sauce, if hearty salad. And then your sauce, if hearty salad. And then your sauce, if you want any, which comes with your you want any, which comes with your you want any, which comes with your choice of either charred green onion choice of either charred green onion choice of either charred green onion vinegrett, black bean vinegrett, or the vinegrett, black bean vinegrett, or the vinegrett, black bean vinegrett, or the creamy herb dressing. The price you pay creamy herb dressing. The price you pay creamy herb dressing. The price you pay for these bowls is all going to be for these bowls is all going to be for these bowls is all going to be determined by your protein of choice, determined by your protein of choice, determined by your protein of choice, with your cheapest options being the with your cheapest options being the with your cheapest options being the chili spice crispy fried tofu, or the chili spice crispy fried tofu, or the chili spice crispy fried tofu, or the chopped wood grilled chicken bowl. Both chopped wood grilled chicken bowl. Both chopped wood grilled chicken bowl. Both just under $14. There are also kids just under $14. There are also kids just under $14. There are also kids portions of these bowls if you'd prefer portions of these bowls if you'd prefer portions of these bowls if you'd prefer that are slightly smaller and come with that are slightly smaller and come with that are slightly smaller and come with your choice of milk or bottled water or your choice of milk or bottled water or your choice of milk or bottled water or soda and are priced just under $10. soda and are priced just under $10. soda and are priced just under $10. Note, when it comes to kids meal quick Note, when it comes to kids meal quick Note, when it comes to kids meal quick services, you can usually switch out services, you can usually switch out services, you can usually switch out your milk or bottled water for a small your milk or bottled water for a small your milk or bottled water for a small soda instead. It's just not always going soda instead. It's just not always going soda instead. It's just not always going to be clearly advertised on the menu. to be clearly advertised on the menu. to be clearly advertised on the menu. Little soda goblin tidbit for you. Now, Little soda goblin tidbit for you. Now, Little soda goblin tidbit for you. Now, the outlier here is the Ocean Moon Bowl, the outlier here is the Ocean Moon Bowl, the outlier here is the Ocean Moon Bowl, which will be your priciest option, and which will be your priciest option, and which will be your priciest option, and it's not customizable. This $19 bowl it's not customizable. This $19 bowl it's not customizable. This $19 bowl comes with blue noodles, tuna, [music] comes with blue noodles, tuna, [music] comes with blue noodles, tuna, [music] watermelon radish, pickled daicon, watermelon radish, pickled daicon, watermelon radish, pickled daicon, rainbow carrots, avocado, cucumbers, and rainbow carrots, avocado, cucumbers, and rainbow carrots, avocado, cucumbers, and red cabbage with a miso and sweet soy red cabbage with a miso and sweet soy red cabbage with a miso and sweet soy drizzle further topped off with micro drizzle further topped off with micro drizzle further topped off with micro cilantro. It's a beautiful bowl and one cilantro. It's a beautiful bowl and one cilantro. It's a beautiful bowl and one that's going to make you forget that that's going to make you forget that that's going to make you forget that you're essentially dining at a theme you're essentially dining at a theme you're essentially dining at a theme park fast food joint for sure. And once park fast food joint for sure. And once park fast food joint for sure. And once again, it is big enough to split with again, it is big enough to split with again, it is big enough to split with someone else, which will make that $19 someone else, which will make that $19 someone else, which will make that $19 price tag a little more palatable. But price tag a little more palatable. But price tag a little more palatable. But just heads up on that price point for just heads up on that price point for just heads up on that price point for that one. Now, it feels wrong for me to that one. Now, it feels wrong for me to that one. Now, it feels wrong for me to talk about Satuli Canteen without at talk about Satuli Canteen without at talk about Satuli Canteen without at least giving a quick shout out to the least giving a quick shout out to the least giving a quick shout out to the cheeseburger pods here. An adult portion cheeseburger pods here. An adult portion cheeseburger pods here. An adult portion of the steamed cheeseburger pods come of the steamed cheeseburger pods come of the steamed cheeseburger pods come with two bow buns stuffed with ground with two bow buns stuffed with ground with two bow buns stuffed with ground beef and ketchup and mustard and pickle beef and ketchup and mustard and pickle beef and ketchup and mustard and pickle and cheddar cheese, all served with and cheddar cheese, all served with and cheddar cheese, all served with crunchy vegetable sllo and vegetable crunchy vegetable sllo and vegetable crunchy vegetable sllo and vegetable chips for $14. There's also a kids chips for $14. There's also a kids chips for $14. There's also a kids portion of the cheeseburger pod, which portion of the cheeseburger pod, which portion of the cheeseburger pod, which comes with one pot instead [music] of comes with one pot instead [music] of comes with one pot instead [music] of two, but is still served with a side of two, but is still served with a side of two, but is still served with a side of vegetable chips, a cutie mandarin vegetable chips, a cutie mandarin vegetable chips, a cutie mandarin orange, and your choice of bottled water orange, and your choice of bottled water orange, and your choice of bottled water or low-fat milk or a soda. All for $9. or low-fat milk or a soda. All for $9. or low-fat milk or a soda. All for $9. For an even cheaper kids menu option, For an even cheaper kids menu option, For an even cheaper kids menu option, try the TAU all beef hot dog wrapped in try the TAU all beef hot dog wrapped in try the TAU all beef hot dog wrapped in puff pastry, which is just a bigger puff pastry, which is just a bigger puff pastry, which is just a bigger version of a pigs in a blanket. version of a pigs in a blanket. version of a pigs in a blanket. Essentially with all the same sides and Essentially with all the same sides and Essentially with all the same sides and drink options for $8. A Michelin drink options for $8. A Michelin drink options for $8. A Michelin recognized restaurant that's also a recognized restaurant that's also a recognized restaurant that's also a theme park quick service. Okay, we're theme park quick service. Okay, we're theme park quick service. Okay, we're going to look into this one. The Polite going to look into this one. The Polite going to look into this one. The Polite Pig isn't the only barbecue restaurant Pig isn't the only barbecue restaurant Pig isn't the only barbecue restaurant we'll be shouting out today, but it does we'll be shouting out today, but it does we'll be shouting out today, but it does stand out for offering unique sides and stand out for offering unique sides and stand out for offering unique sides and entre with the highest quality entre with the highest quality entre with the highest quality ingredients while still keeping the ingredients while still keeping the ingredients while still keeping the price of things relatively affordable, price of things relatively affordable, price of things relatively affordable, especially for an award-winning especially for an award-winning especially for an award-winning restaurant. Let's start with the restaurant. Let's start with the restaurant. Let's start with the sharables first. You got a few sharables first. You got a few sharables first. You got a few substantial sharable options on the menu substantial sharable options on the menu substantial sharable options on the menu here that you can either make into a here that you can either make into a here that you can either make into a main entree for yourself or split main entree for yourself or split main entree for yourself or split amongst one or two or more other folks amongst one or two or more other folks amongst one or two or more other folks in your group. The hot salt pretzel with in your group. The hot salt pretzel with in your group. The hot salt pretzel with beer cheese fondue and IPA mustard is beer cheese fondue and IPA mustard is beer cheese fondue and IPA mustard is going to be your most affordable going to be your most affordable going to be your most affordable sharable for $10. This is an even better sharable for $10. This is an even better sharable for $10. This is an even better deal when you realize you can get deal when you realize you can get deal when you realize you can get essentially the same sort of pretzel essentially the same sort of pretzel essentially the same sort of pretzel with the same sort of dipping sauces at with the same sort of dipping sauces at with the same sort of dipping sauces at Baseline Tap House in Hollywood Studios Baseline Tap House in Hollywood Studios Baseline Tap House in Hollywood Studios and it's going to cost you $2 more over and it's going to cost you $2 more over and it's going to cost you $2 more over there. But our favorite sharables at the there. But our favorite sharables at the there. But our favorite sharables at the Polite Pig tend to be the barbecue Polite Pig tend to be the barbecue Polite Pig tend to be the barbecue meatballs for $13 made with house meatballs for $13 made with house meatballs for $13 made with house brisket and Leila's sweet barbecue sauce brisket and Leila's sweet barbecue sauce brisket and Leila's sweet barbecue sauce on a bed of cheddar grits. Honestly, on a bed of cheddar grits. Honestly, on a bed of cheddar grits. Honestly, this one works better as a meal than it this one works better as a meal than it this one works better as a meal than it does as sharable in my opinion. And a does as sharable in my opinion. And a does as sharable in my opinion. And a $13 meal sure isn't bad on the Disney $13 meal sure isn't bad on the Disney $13 meal sure isn't bad on the Disney scene. For something lighter and scene. For something lighter and scene. For something lighter and cheaper, you might want to try one of cheaper, you might want to try one of cheaper, you might want to try one of the Polite Pig salads, which start at 12 the Polite Pig salads, which start at 12 the Polite Pig salads, which start at 12 to $13. Though adding the smoked meats to $13. Though adding the smoked meats to $13. Though adding the smoked meats on top of those salads is going to cost on top of those salads is going to cost on top of those salads is going to cost you extra. And when it comes to the From you extra. And when it comes to the From you extra. And when it comes to the From the Smoker entre, most items are going the Smoker entre, most items are going the Smoker entre, most items are going to put you back $19 to $26. But like, to put you back $19 to $26. But like, to put you back $19 to $26. But like, that's a whole lot of entree for that that's a whole lot of entree for that that's a whole lot of entree for that price point. For the cheapest smoker price point. For the cheapest smoker price point. For the cheapest smoker options, you got three different options, you got three different options, you got three different selections. either the smoked turkey selections. either the smoked turkey selections. either the smoked turkey breast, the polite pulled shoulder, or breast, the polite pulled shoulder, or breast, the polite pulled shoulder, or the barbecue cheddar brz. I love those. the barbecue cheddar brz. I love those. the barbecue cheddar brz. I love those. Each of these entre also comes with Each of these entre also comes with Each of these entre also comes with jalapeno cornbread, signature polite jalapeno cornbread, signature polite jalapeno cornbread, signature polite sllo, and your choice of one market sllo, and your choice of one market sllo, and your choice of one market side, all for $18. Speaking of market side, all for $18. Speaking of market side, all for $18. Speaking of market sides, you could build a meal just from sides, you could build a meal just from sides, you could build a meal just from the alleart market sides. Each side on the alleart market sides. Each side on the alleart market sides. Each side on its own cost $6, but you'll have a its own cost $6, but you'll have a its own cost $6, but you'll have a variety of hearty choices like the variety of hearty choices like the variety of hearty choices like the barbecue cauliflower, the grilled street barbecue cauliflower, the grilled street barbecue cauliflower, the grilled street corn, mac and cheese, and more. For a corn, mac and cheese, and more. For a corn, mac and cheese, and more. For a cheaper adult entree option that's not cheaper adult entree option that's not cheaper adult entree option that's not solely built around sides, you could try solely built around sides, you could try solely built around sides, you could try a Polite Pig sandwich for 12 to $15. The a Polite Pig sandwich for 12 to $15. The a Polite Pig sandwich for 12 to $15. The smoked turkey wrap will be your cheapest smoked turkey wrap will be your cheapest smoked turkey wrap will be your cheapest option of the bunch. And don't forget, option of the bunch. And don't forget, option of the bunch. And don't forget, Polite Pig also has kids menu options, Polite Pig also has kids menu options, Polite Pig also has kids menu options, too. The kids menus, once again, offer too. The kids menus, once again, offer too. The kids menus, once again, offer the adult stuff in a smaller portion, the adult stuff in a smaller portion, the adult stuff in a smaller portion, like the smoked pulled pork sliders, the like the smoked pulled pork sliders, the like the smoked pulled pork sliders, the sliced smoked turkey breast, and the sliced smoked turkey breast, and the sliced smoked turkey breast, and the barbecue meatballs. Each kids meal is barbecue meatballs. Each kids meal is barbecue meatballs. Each kids meal is served with carrot sticks, a little served with carrot sticks, a little served with carrot sticks, a little ranch dipper, and apple juice, all for N ranch dipper, and apple juice, all for N ranch dipper, and apple juice, all for N bucks. The Polite pig's most expensive bucks. The Polite pig's most expensive bucks. The Polite pig's most expensive option on the menu, the butcher board, option on the menu, the butcher board, option on the menu, the butcher board, might still be the best value option might still be the best value option might still be the best value option here, depending on who you're planning here, depending on who you're planning here, depending on who you're planning on sharing a meal with as well as how on sharing a meal with as well as how on sharing a meal with as well as how hungry you are. The butcher board is hungry you are. The butcher board is hungry you are. The butcher board is $44, but it's meant to feed two guests $44, but it's meant to feed two guests $44, but it's meant to feed two guests or more. On this board, expect to find or more. On this board, expect to find or more. On this board, expect to find [music] heaping portions of pork [music] heaping portions of pork [music] heaping portions of pork shoulder, smoked chicken, brisket, shoulder, smoked chicken, brisket, shoulder, smoked chicken, brisket, barbecue, cheddar sausage, sllo, house barbecue, cheddar sausage, sllo, house barbecue, cheddar sausage, sllo, house pickles, two cornbreads, and your choice pickles, two cornbreads, and your choice pickles, two cornbreads, and your choice of two market sides. Just to put that in of two market sides. Just to put that in of two market sides. Just to put that in perspective for you, you'll probably eat perspective for you, you'll probably eat perspective for you, you'll probably eat the same amount of barbecue off this the same amount of barbecue off this the same amount of barbecue off this butcher board as you would from the all butcher board as you would from the all butcher board as you would from the all you care to enjoy Roundup Rodeo barbecue you care to enjoy Roundup Rodeo barbecue you care to enjoy Roundup Rodeo barbecue in Hollywood Studios. And Roundup Rodeo in Hollywood Studios. And Roundup Rodeo in Hollywood Studios. And Roundup Rodeo is going to cost you 49 bucks per adult is going to cost you 49 bucks per adult is going to cost you 49 bucks per adult for one person instead of 44 for two to for one person instead of 44 for two to for one person instead of 44 for two to three people. Step aside, ohana, and three people. Step aside, ohana, and three people. Step aside, ohana, and Trader Sam's Gro Grotto cuz it's time to Trader Sam's Gro Grotto cuz it's time to Trader Sam's Gro Grotto cuz it's time to give another Polynesian Village Resort give another Polynesian Village Resort give another Polynesian Village Resort restaurant the spotlight. One that might restaurant the spotlight. One that might restaurant the spotlight. One that might save you more money than you'd expect save you more money than you'd expect save you more money than you'd expect from a deluxe resort eery. What I love from a deluxe resort eery. What I love from a deluxe resort eery. What I love about Captain Cooks is that it breaks about Captain Cooks is that it breaks about Captain Cooks is that it breaks the mold of your typical quicks service the mold of your typical quicks service the mold of your typical quicks service style Disney hotel offerings. Yep, style Disney hotel offerings. Yep, style Disney hotel offerings. Yep, you're going to still find some of the you're going to still find some of the you're going to still find some of the theme park staples here, like theme park staples here, like theme park staples here, like cheeseburgers and chicken strips and cheeseburgers and chicken strips and cheeseburgers and chicken strips and pepperoni flatbreads, but you're also pepperoni flatbreads, but you're also pepperoni flatbreads, but you're also going to find an affordable spread of going to find an affordable spread of going to find an affordable spread of island favorites that won't have you island favorites that won't have you island favorites that won't have you splurging 20, 30, or 60 bucks each time splurging 20, 30, or 60 bucks each time splurging 20, 30, or 60 bucks each time you want an entree at Polynesian Village you want an entree at Polynesian Village you want an entree at Polynesian Village that's a little more tropical than the that's a little more tropical than the that's a little more tropical than the standard stuff. Captain Cooks has standard stuff. Captain Cooks has standard stuff. Captain Cooks has panasian noodles and vegetables on offer panasian noodles and vegetables on offer panasian noodles and vegetables on offer that'll cost you under $11. No, they're that'll cost you under $11. No, they're that'll cost you under $11. No, they're not the same as the Ohana noodles not the same as the Ohana noodles not the same as the Ohana noodles upstairs, [music] but they're still upstairs, [music] but they're still upstairs, [music] but they're still awesome and they come with a generous awesome and they come with a generous awesome and they come with a generous portion. I love the Captain Cooks portion. I love the Captain Cooks portion. I love the Captain Cooks noodles also come with baby corn and noodles also come with baby corn and noodles also come with baby corn and water chestnuts for extra crunch. There water chestnuts for extra crunch. There water chestnuts for extra crunch. There are quite a few island specialties on are quite a few island specialties on are quite a few island specialties on the Captain Cooks menu, but just to name the Captain Cooks menu, but just to name the Captain Cooks menu, but just to name a few more that particularly stand out a few more that particularly stand out a few more that particularly stand out for us here in this top values video. for us here in this top values video. for us here in this top values video. The Thai coconut meatballs cost under 11 The Thai coconut meatballs cost under 11 The Thai coconut meatballs cost under 11 bucks as well and are served over white bucks as well and are served over white bucks as well and are served over white rice. The pulled pork nachos are a rice. The pulled pork nachos are a rice. The pulled pork nachos are a classic DFB favorite. I just got these a classic DFB favorite. I just got these a classic DFB favorite. I just got these a couple weeks ago. piled high with cheese couple weeks ago. piled high with cheese couple weeks ago. piled high with cheese and spicy mayonnaise and picodo and and spicy mayonnaise and picodo and and spicy mayonnaise and picodo and pineapple salsa all for just over 11 pineapple salsa all for just over 11 pineapple salsa all for just over 11 bucks. And the Hawaiian flatbread for bucks. And the Hawaiian flatbread for bucks. And the Hawaiian flatbread for just over 13 is made with marinara just over 13 is made with marinara just over 13 is made with marinara sauce, mozzarella, and parmesan blend, sauce, mozzarella, and parmesan blend, sauce, mozzarella, and parmesan blend, ham, pineapple, and red onion. This is ham, pineapple, and red onion. This is ham, pineapple, and red onion. This is slightly cheaper than the Thai chicken slightly cheaper than the Thai chicken slightly cheaper than the Thai chicken flatbread you're going to get at the flatbread you're going to get at the flatbread you're going to get at the neighboring Trader Sam's, which costs neighboring Trader Sam's, which costs neighboring Trader Sam's, which costs $15. [music] And since we're on the $15. [music] And since we're on the $15. [music] And since we're on the subject of cheaper entre, let's check subject of cheaper entre, let's check subject of cheaper entre, let's check out Captain Cook's breakfast menu, too, out Captain Cook's breakfast menu, too, out Captain Cook's breakfast menu, too, since the best dining dupe of the bunch since the best dining dupe of the bunch since the best dining dupe of the bunch is here. Tonga toast is a specialty is here. Tonga toast is a specialty is here. Tonga toast is a specialty Polynesian village breakfast item made Polynesian village breakfast item made Polynesian village breakfast item made with banana stuffed sourdough bread with banana stuffed sourdough bread with banana stuffed sourdough bread that's battered, deep fried, and then that's battered, deep fried, and then that's battered, deep fried, and then dusted with cinnamon sugar on top. This dusted with cinnamon sugar on top. This dusted with cinnamon sugar on top. This thing is a brick of French toast. Tonga thing is a brick of French toast. Tonga thing is a brick of French toast. Tonga toast is also served at Kona Cafe, but toast is also served at Kona Cafe, but toast is also served at Kona Cafe, but Captain Cooks is going to sell it to you Captain Cooks is going to sell it to you Captain Cooks is going to sell it to you for 11 bucks instead of you having to for 11 bucks instead of you having to for 11 bucks instead of you having to pay $18 for it upstairs. And now onto a pay $18 for it upstairs. And now onto a pay $18 for it upstairs. And now onto a second barbecue quick service that we're second barbecue quick service that we're second barbecue quick service that we're also pretty obsessed with for its also pretty obsessed with for its also pretty obsessed with for its quality and value. At least I am. Real quality and value. At least I am. Real quality and value. At least I am. Real Eagle over in the American Adventure Eagle over in the American Adventure Eagle over in the American Adventure Pavilion has massive portions of Pavilion has massive portions of Pavilion has massive portions of regional smoked meats that tend to come regional smoked meats that tend to come regional smoked meats that tend to come with one or two sides each. Your with one or two sides each. Your with one or two sides each. Your cheapest adult entre here will be the cheapest adult entre here will be the cheapest adult entre here will be the salads topped with either pulled salads topped with either pulled salads topped with either pulled barbecue pork or smoked chicken for $13. barbecue pork or smoked chicken for $13. barbecue pork or smoked chicken for $13. But if you're not big on salads, I'd say But if you're not big on salads, I'd say But if you're not big on salads, I'd say go for the North Carolina chopped smoked go for the North Carolina chopped smoked go for the North Carolina chopped smoked pork bot platter instead, which will pork bot platter instead, which will pork bot platter instead, which will come with your choice of side, all for come with your choice of side, all for come with your choice of side, all for $14. And just so you know, those sides $14. And just so you know, those sides $14. And just so you know, those sides are about as hearty as the market sides are about as hearty as the market sides are about as hearty as the market sides from Polite Pig, if not more. So, you from Polite Pig, if not more. So, you from Polite Pig, if not more. So, you got stuff like seasoned Brew Masters got stuff like seasoned Brew Masters got stuff like seasoned Brew Masters fries with beer cheese [music] sauce, fries with beer cheese [music] sauce, fries with beer cheese [music] sauce, beer battered onion rings, mac and beer battered onion rings, mac and beer battered onion rings, mac and cheese, which is delicious, baked beans cheese, which is delicious, baked beans cheese, which is delicious, baked beans with burnt ends, and more. Even if with burnt ends, and more. Even if with burnt ends, and more. Even if you're not a big meat eater or not a you're not a big meat eater or not a you're not a big meat eater or not a meat eater at all, you might still be meat eater at all, you might still be meat eater at all, you might still be interested in trying the barbecue interested in trying the barbecue interested in trying the barbecue jackfruit sandwich, which is plant-based jackfruit sandwich, which is plant-based jackfruit sandwich, which is plant-based and made with pulled barbecue jackf and made with pulled barbecue jackf and made with pulled barbecue jackf fruit, kleslaw, and pickles, all on fruit, kleslaw, and pickles, all on fruit, kleslaw, and pickles, all on garlic toast, and served with your garlic toast, and served with your garlic toast, and served with your choice of side for $15. Warning though, choice of side for $15. Warning though, choice of side for $15. Warning though, this one's real messy. If you are a big this one's real messy. If you are a big this one's real messy. If you are a big fan of all things smoked meats, just fan of all things smoked meats, just fan of all things smoked meats, just note that the sliced Texas brisket beef note that the sliced Texas brisket beef note that the sliced Texas brisket beef [music] sandwich, also available here, [music] sandwich, also available here, [music] sandwich, also available here, is the same price as the jackfruit is the same price as the jackfruit is the same price as the jackfruit option. Much like Polite Pig, Regal option. Much like Polite Pig, Regal option. Much like Polite Pig, Regal Eagle also has a barbecue platter that's Eagle also has a barbecue platter that's Eagle also has a barbecue platter that's easy to share with someone else in your easy to share with someone else in your easy to share with someone else in your group or even multiple someone's. But group or even multiple someone's. But group or even multiple someone's. But this platter is just over $18 instead of this platter is just over $18 instead of this platter is just over $18 instead of whole lot more stuff on Polite Pig's $44 whole lot more stuff on Polite Pig's $44 whole lot more stuff on Polite Pig's $44 butcher board, but Regal Eagles Platter butcher board, but Regal Eagles Platter butcher board, but Regal Eagles Platter is still going to provide a lot of good is still going to provide a lot of good is still going to provide a lot of good stuff like Memphis dry rub pork ribs, stuff like Memphis dry rub pork ribs, stuff like Memphis dry rub pork ribs, North Carolina chopped smoked pork butt, North Carolina chopped smoked pork butt, North Carolina chopped smoked pork butt, smoked sausage, which is my favorite smoked sausage, which is my favorite smoked sausage, which is my favorite here, cornbread, and your choice of here, cornbread, and your choice of here, cornbread, and your choice of side. I know, I know. I've read the side. I know, I know. I've read the side. I know, I know. I've read the comments before. Not everyone is 100% comments before. Not everyone is 100% comments before. Not everyone is 100% thrilled with my chicken guy infatuation thrilled with my chicken guy infatuation thrilled with my chicken guy infatuation in Disney Springs. But here's the thing. in Disney Springs. But here's the thing. in Disney Springs. But here's the thing. You can't deny that this is one of, if You can't deny that this is one of, if You can't deny that this is one of, if not the cheapest quick service inside not the cheapest quick service inside not the cheapest quick service inside Disney Springs. And it's a safe and easy Disney Springs. And it's a safe and easy Disney Springs. And it's a safe and easy option for all the picky eaters out option for all the picky eaters out option for all the picky eaters out there or just for anyone who needs a there or just for anyone who needs a there or just for anyone who needs a light lunch that'll tide them over for light lunch that'll tide them over for light lunch that'll tide them over for the time being. Your least expensive the time being. Your least expensive the time being. Your least expensive option here is the three tender meal for option here is the three tender meal for option here is the three tender meal for $7. That's bonkers. It'll not only get $7. That's bonkers. It'll not only get $7. That's bonkers. It'll not only get you three chicken tenders that [music] you three chicken tenders that [music] you three chicken tenders that [music] are brined and panko breaded and coated are brined and panko breaded and coated are brined and panko breaded and coated with Guy special sauces and seasonings, with Guy special sauces and seasonings, with Guy special sauces and seasonings, but it'll also get you your choice of but it'll also get you your choice of but it'll also get you your choice of two sauces out of the 10 sauces that two sauces out of the 10 sauces that two sauces out of the 10 sauces that Chicken Guy tends to have on offer. You Chicken Guy tends to have on offer. You Chicken Guy tends to have on offer. You can get any additional sauces that you can get any additional sauces that you can get any additional sauces that you want to try for 50 cents more per. You want to try for 50 cents more per. You want to try for 50 cents more per. You can also upgrade your tender meal into a can also upgrade your tender meal into a can also upgrade your tender meal into a combo with a fountain drink and a side combo with a fountain drink and a side combo with a fountain drink and a side of fries or kleslaw for an extra five of fries or kleslaw for an extra five of fries or kleslaw for an extra five bucks. The two tender kids meal is bucks. The two tender kids meal is bucks. The two tender kids meal is actually the same price as the three actually the same price as the three actually the same price as the three tender meal on the regular menu. But tender meal on the regular menu. But tender meal on the regular menu. But unlike the three-piece, the kids unlike the three-piece, the kids unlike the three-piece, the kids two-piece also comes with a fountain two-piece also comes with a fountain two-piece also comes with a fountain beverage and your choice of fries, a beverage and your choice of fries, a beverage and your choice of fries, a fruit cup, or applesauce. No extra money fruit cup, or applesauce. No extra money fruit cup, or applesauce. No extra money necessary. Chicken Guys Big Bite necessary. Chicken Guys Big Bite necessary. Chicken Guys Big Bite Sandwiches might be mighty in size, but Sandwiches might be mighty in size, but Sandwiches might be mighty in size, but they're not mighty in price. The OG they're not mighty in price. The OG they're not mighty in price. The OG sandwich, loaded with two chicken sandwich, loaded with two chicken sandwich, loaded with two chicken tenders, you can choose either crispy tenders, you can choose either crispy tenders, you can choose either crispy fried or grilled, pickles, and special fried or grilled, pickles, and special fried or grilled, pickles, and special sauce will put you back just over seven sauce will put you back just over seven sauce will put you back just over seven bucks for this sandwich alone. The other bucks for this sandwich alone. The other bucks for this sandwich alone. The other sandwiches range around $9 in price sandwiches range around $9 in price sandwiches range around $9 in price point with options like the BLAT, the point with options like the BLAT, the point with options like the BLAT, the Bourbon Brown Sugar Barbecue, and the Bourbon Brown Sugar Barbecue, and the Bourbon Brown Sugar Barbecue, and the Buffalo Mac and Cheese. Just so we're Buffalo Mac and Cheese. Just so we're Buffalo Mac and Cheese. Just so we're clear, Disney's barbecue joints tend to clear, Disney's barbecue joints tend to clear, Disney's barbecue joints tend to equal good value stuff because you're equal good value stuff because you're equal good value stuff because you're paying less for a lot more meat heavy, paying less for a lot more meat heavy, paying less for a lot more meat heavy, protein heavy options that'll keep you protein heavy options that'll keep you protein heavy options that'll keep you filled up for longer during your intense filled up for longer during your intense filled up for longer during your intense calorie burning park days. [music] Flame calorie burning park days. [music] Flame calorie burning park days. [music] Flame Tree Barbecue over in Discovery Island Tree Barbecue over in Discovery Island Tree Barbecue over in Discovery Island in Animal Kingdom is no exception. Since in Animal Kingdom is no exception. Since in Animal Kingdom is no exception. Since this is another barbecue restaurant, this is another barbecue restaurant, this is another barbecue restaurant, you'll probably find a few seemingly you'll probably find a few seemingly you'll probably find a few seemingly overlapping options between Flame Tree overlapping options between Flame Tree overlapping options between Flame Tree and Regal Eagle. But you're also going and Regal Eagle. But you're also going and Regal Eagle. But you're also going to find some unique high-value stuff to find some unique high-value stuff to find some unique high-value stuff here, too. For instance, the baked here, too. For instance, the baked here, too. For instance, the baked macaroni and cheese with pulled pork is macaroni and cheese with pulled pork is macaroni and cheese with pulled pork is a personal favorite of mine. And it's a personal favorite of mine. And it's a personal favorite of mine. And it's further topped off with crispy onions further topped off with crispy onions further topped off with crispy onions and kleslaw. It's super filling, very and kleslaw. It's super filling, very and kleslaw. It's super filling, very cheesy, and super affordable at $13. You cheesy, and super affordable at $13. You cheesy, and super affordable at $13. You know what I like even more than the mac know what I like even more than the mac know what I like even more than the mac and cheese, though? All you longtime DFB and cheese, though? All you longtime DFB and cheese, though? All you longtime DFB viewers already know the answer to this viewers already know the answer to this viewers already know the answer to this one. Say it with me. It's my birthday one. Say it with me. It's my birthday one. Say it with me. It's my birthday fries. If you're new here, hi, welcome. fries. If you're new here, hi, welcome. fries. If you're new here, hi, welcome. My birthday fries are actually the My birthday fries are actually the My birthday fries are actually the French fries with pulled pork and cheese French fries with pulled pork and cheese French fries with pulled pork and cheese found on Flame Tre's Allocart sides found on Flame Tre's Allocart sides found on Flame Tre's Allocart sides menu. But anytime I'm in Animal Kingdom menu. But anytime I'm in Animal Kingdom menu. But anytime I'm in Animal Kingdom for my birthday, I order these because for my birthday, I order these because for my birthday, I order these because who am I to break tradition once it's who am I to break tradition once it's who am I to break tradition once it's already sun in motion. Plus, you're already sun in motion. Plus, you're already sun in motion. Plus, you're getting a good portion of fries and meat getting a good portion of fries and meat getting a good portion of fries and meat and that gloriously golden plastic and that gloriously golden plastic and that gloriously golden plastic cheese, all for $9. That is hard to cheese, all for $9. That is hard to cheese, all for $9. That is hard to resist, even when it's not your resist, even when it's not your resist, even when it's not your birthday. Much like the other barbecue birthday. Much like the other barbecue birthday. Much like the other barbecue options on today's list, Flame Tree also options on today's list, Flame Tree also options on today's list, Flame Tree also has a big bladder that's easy to share, has a big bladder that's easy to share, has a big bladder that's easy to share, but this one's called a sampler instead but this one's called a sampler instead but this one's called a sampler instead of a platter. This platter is going to of a platter. This platter is going to of a platter. This platter is going to give you St. Louis ribs, marinated slow give you St. Louis ribs, marinated slow give you St. Louis ribs, marinated slow smoked chicken, smoked pulled pork, smoked chicken, smoked pulled pork, smoked chicken, smoked pulled pork, signature baked beans, and kleslaw, all signature baked beans, and kleslaw, all signature baked beans, and kleslaw, all for $19. Don't forget about the kids for $19. Don't forget about the kids for $19. Don't forget about the kids options. You can get the kids pulled options. You can get the kids pulled options. You can get the kids pulled pork platter for $8 or the baked chicken pork platter for $8 or the baked chicken pork platter for $8 or the baked chicken drumstick for just over $8. Both drumstick for just over $8. Both drumstick for just over $8. Both platters also hook you up with your platters also hook you up with your platters also hook you up with your choice of two sides and your choice of choice of two sides and your choice of choice of two sides and your choice of either low-fat milk, small melted water, either low-fat milk, small melted water, either low-fat milk, small melted water, or a little soda. Now, did this one or a little soda. Now, did this one or a little soda. Now, did this one catch you offguard? If you're not catch you offguard? If you're not catch you offguard? If you're not already staying at Fort Wilderness already staying at Fort Wilderness already staying at Fort Wilderness during your Disney World vacation, this during your Disney World vacation, this during your Disney World vacation, this quick service option probably won't make quick service option probably won't make quick service option probably won't make it to the top of your radar, but maybe it to the top of your radar, but maybe it to the top of your radar, but maybe it should. Trails and restaurant was it should. Trails and restaurant was it should. Trails and restaurant was updated a few years back. Remember, updated a few years back. Remember, updated a few years back. Remember, transforming it from a table service transforming it from a table service transforming it from a table service into a quick service. kind of a market into a quick service. kind of a market into a quick service. kind of a market concept along with a generous selection concept along with a generous selection concept along with a generous selection of rotating specialty offerings of rotating specialty offerings of rotating specialty offerings available for dining in as well as available for dining in as well as available for dining in as well as classic entre like cheeseburgers, classic entre like cheeseburgers, classic entre like cheeseburgers, meatloaf, and barbecue pulled pork. meatloaf, and barbecue pulled pork. meatloaf, and barbecue pulled pork. Trails End is unique for its affordable Trails End is unique for its affordable Trails End is unique for its affordable family meal options. Typically, you've family meal options. Typically, you've family meal options. Typically, you've got two family meals to choose from, got two family meals to choose from, got two family meals to choose from, each of which can feed up to two to four each of which can feed up to two to four each of which can feed up to two to four guests per order. First, there's the guests per order. First, there's the guests per order. First, there's the barbecue ribs full slab meal. Yep, more barbecue ribs full slab meal. Yep, more barbecue ribs full slab meal. Yep, more barbecue. And then there's the fried barbecue. And then there's the fried barbecue. And then there's the fried chicken eightpiece meal. Both meals come chicken eightpiece meal. Both meals come chicken eightpiece meal. Both meals come with cornbread and your choice of two with cornbread and your choice of two with cornbread and your choice of two one-PB sides. Yep. One pound worth of one-PB sides. Yep. One pound worth of one-PB sides. Yep. One pound worth of either fries or mashed potatoes or either fries or mashed potatoes or either fries or mashed potatoes or gravy, mac and cheese or coleslaw. And gravy, mac and cheese or coleslaw. And gravy, mac and cheese or coleslaw. And get this, the fried chicken meal costs get this, the fried chicken meal costs get this, the fried chicken meal costs under $30. Yeah, under 30 bucks for a under $30. Yeah, under 30 bucks for a under $30. Yeah, under 30 bucks for a family of four in Disney World. family of four in Disney World. family of four in Disney World. Meanwhile, the barbecue ribs don't cost Meanwhile, the barbecue ribs don't cost Meanwhile, the barbecue ribs don't cost much more than that, priced at 32. much more than that, priced at 32. much more than that, priced at 32. Y'all, it's hard to even eat at Mickey Y'all, it's hard to even eat at Mickey Y'all, it's hard to even eat at Mickey De's for under 30 bucks nowadays with a De's for under 30 bucks nowadays with a De's for under 30 bucks nowadays with a family of four. So, these family meals family of four. So, these family meals family of four. So, these family meals might make Fort Wilderness worth the might make Fort Wilderness worth the might make Fort Wilderness worth the trek alone. Of course, you can always trek alone. Of course, you can always trek alone. Of course, you can always order a full pizza pie to feed the fam order a full pizza pie to feed the fam order a full pizza pie to feed the fam instead, which will cost you between 21 instead, which will cost you between 21 instead, which will cost you between 21 and $23, depending on the toppings you and $23, depending on the toppings you and $23, depending on the toppings you choose. And if you're missing those choose. And if you're missing those choose. And if you're missing those platters and samplers that Regal Eagle platters and samplers that Regal Eagle platters and samplers that Regal Eagle and Flame Tree have, then Trails End has and Flame Tree have, then Trails End has and Flame Tree have, then Trails End has something similar here, too, called a something similar here, too, called a something similar here, too, called a Settlement Skillet. For just under $19, Settlement Skillet. For just under $19, Settlement Skillet. For just under $19, you'll get a share worthy skillet filled you'll get a share worthy skillet filled you'll get a share worthy skillet filled with fried chicken, house smoked ribs, with fried chicken, house smoked ribs, with fried chicken, house smoked ribs, pulled pork, mashed potatoes, cowboy pulled pork, mashed potatoes, cowboy pulled pork, mashed potatoes, cowboy beans, and cornbread. beans, and cornbread. beans, and cornbread. Ready for another dollar stretching Ready for another dollar stretching Ready for another dollar stretching quick service that might be a little bit quick service that might be a little bit quick service that might be a little bit off the radar for you? Let's head over off the radar for you? Let's head over off the radar for you? Let's head over to El Marcado de Coronado in Coronado to El Marcado de Coronado in Coronado to El Marcado de Coronado in Coronado Springs. This gives the impression of an Springs. This gives the impression of an Springs. This gives the impression of an open air dining market with the comforts open air dining market with the comforts open air dining market with the comforts of an indoor location. AC is very of an indoor location. AC is very of an indoor location. AC is very important in a place like Orlando. Here important in a place like Orlando. Here important in a place like Orlando. Here you're going to find multiple food you're going to find multiple food you're going to find multiple food stations open during breakfast, lunch, stations open during breakfast, lunch, stations open during breakfast, lunch, and dinner offering an abundance of and dinner offering an abundance of and dinner offering an abundance of different choices. Some of which are different choices. Some of which are different choices. Some of which are shockingly impressive for this sort of shockingly impressive for this sort of shockingly impressive for this sort of setup. But I'm going to focus more on setup. But I'm going to focus more on setup. But I'm going to focus more on dinner here because there's a hidden gem dinner here because there's a hidden gem dinner here because there's a hidden gem at this place that you need to know at this place that you need to know at this place that you need to know about. In the evenings, El Marcado about. In the evenings, El Marcado about. In the evenings, El Marcado offers up a carving station. You know offers up a carving station. You know offers up a carving station. You know the kind. Usually you can find carving the kind. Usually you can find carving the kind. Usually you can find carving stations on the Disney World buffet stations on the Disney World buffet stations on the Disney World buffet lines. But at El Marcado, you'll find a lines. But at El Marcado, you'll find a lines. But at El Marcado, you'll find a rotating selection of, as Disney rotating selection of, as Disney rotating selection of, as Disney describes it, expertly carved items describes it, expertly carved items describes it, expertly carved items prepared with the fresh ingredients and prepared with the fresh ingredients and prepared with the fresh ingredients and seasoned to perfection. Sounds pretty seasoned to perfection. Sounds pretty seasoned to perfection. Sounds pretty great. Prices for the carving station great. Prices for the carving station great. Prices for the carving station vary depending on what's available that vary depending on what's available that vary depending on what's available that day, but you won't ever have to worry day, but you won't ever have to worry day, but you won't ever have to worry about spending a buffet price for it. about spending a buffet price for it. about spending a buffet price for it. Typically, these meats cost around $19 Typically, these meats cost around $19 Typically, these meats cost around $19 to $22 and still come with sides like to $22 and still come with sides like to $22 and still come with sides like rice and mashed potatoes or vegetables. rice and mashed potatoes or vegetables. rice and mashed potatoes or vegetables. Considering you usually have to pay 40 Considering you usually have to pay 40 Considering you usually have to pay 40 bucks for a whole buffet if you're bucks for a whole buffet if you're bucks for a whole buffet if you're looking for carving station access, that looking for carving station access, that looking for carving station access, that might be a preferable option for the might be a preferable option for the might be a preferable option for the carnivores of your group. But even if carnivores of your group. But even if carnivores of your group. But even if you're not big on carving stations, El you're not big on carving stations, El you're not big on carving stations, El Marcado still has other budget friendly Marcado still has other budget friendly Marcado still has other budget friendly options for you to try, like hot options for you to try, like hot options for you to try, like hot breakfast entre for 10 bucks, build your breakfast entre for 10 bucks, build your breakfast entre for 10 bucks, build your own rice bowls for 16, daily pasta own rice bowls for 16, daily pasta own rice bowls for 16, daily pasta options for 16, and more. Now, we've got options for 16, and more. Now, we've got options for 16, and more. Now, we've got a bonus one for you. Woody's Lunchbox a bonus one for you. Woody's Lunchbox a bonus one for you. Woody's Lunchbox over in Toy Story Land has a handful of over in Toy Story Land has a handful of over in Toy Story Land has a handful of cheap [music] meal options, too. But the cheap [music] meal options, too. But the cheap [music] meal options, too. But the reason this is more of an honorable reason this is more of an honorable reason this is more of an honorable mention instead of being in the top 10 mention instead of being in the top 10 mention instead of being in the top 10 like the other quick services today, is like the other quick services today, is like the other quick services today, is because you'll mostly find sort of hot because you'll mostly find sort of hot because you'll mostly find sort of hot toasty sandwiches here, which is going toasty sandwiches here, which is going toasty sandwiches here, which is going to be your fairly basic sandwich variety to be your fairly basic sandwich variety to be your fairly basic sandwich variety that you'll be forced to enjoy outside that you'll be forced to enjoy outside that you'll be forced to enjoy outside since there's no indoor seating, and since there's no indoor seating, and since there's no indoor seating, and that can make the value feel a little that can make the value feel a little that can make the value feel a little less valuable. At least it is in my less valuable. At least it is in my less valuable. At least it is in my opinion when I'm sweating bullets and opinion when I'm sweating bullets and opinion when I'm sweating bullets and trying to scarf down a grilled cheese trying to scarf down a grilled cheese trying to scarf down a grilled cheese and hot tomato soup. Now, if I get a and hot tomato soup. Now, if I get a and hot tomato soup. Now, if I get a grilled cheese sandwich from Woodies, grilled cheese sandwich from Woodies, grilled cheese sandwich from Woodies, which I do quite often, even when it's which I do quite often, even when it's which I do quite often, even when it's hot out, I'll usually also tack on that hot out, I'll usually also tack on that hot out, I'll usually also tack on that $5 tomato basil soup on the side, which $5 tomato basil soup on the side, which $5 tomato basil soup on the side, which I obviously need for dipping. That being I obviously need for dipping. That being I obviously need for dipping. That being said, it's way cheaper and still just as said, it's way cheaper and still just as said, it's way cheaper and still just as filling for me to get the kids portion filling for me to get the kids portion filling for me to get the kids portion of the grilled cheese sandwich, which is of the grilled cheese sandwich, which is of the grilled cheese sandwich, which is half the sandwich instead of the full half the sandwich instead of the full half the sandwich instead of the full sandwich, and then substitute one of my sandwich, and then substitute one of my sandwich, and then substitute one of my two sides that come with the kids meal two sides that come with the kids meal two sides that come with the kids meal for a cup of tomato soup instead. The for a cup of tomato soup instead. The for a cup of tomato soup instead. The kids meals at Woodies come with a cuties kids meals at Woodies come with a cuties kids meals at Woodies come with a cuties mandarin orange and a side of potato mandarin orange and a side of potato mandarin orange and a side of potato barrels. Those are tater tots, so I barrels. Those are tater tots, so I barrels. Those are tater tots, so I usually end up replacing the orange. usually end up replacing the orange. usually end up replacing the orange. You'd have to really twist my arm to You'd have to really twist my arm to You'd have to really twist my arm to make me give up anything potato related. make me give up anything potato related. make me give up anything potato related. [music] Kids meals also come with your [music] Kids meals also come with your [music] Kids meals also come with your choice of small beverage, and you'll get choice of small beverage, and you'll get choice of small beverage, and you'll get all of that. the half sandwich that two all of that. the half sandwich that two all of that. the half sandwich that two sides a small drink for just under $8. A sides a small drink for just under $8. A sides a small drink for just under $8. A fan favorite option from Woodies for the fan favorite option from Woodies for the fan favorite option from Woodies for the DFB team and so many other Disney DFB team and so many other Disney DFB team and so many other Disney guests, too, are the Tachos, which are guests, too, are the Tachos, which are guests, too, are the Tachos, which are potato barrels loaded up with corn chips potato barrels loaded up with corn chips potato barrels loaded up with corn chips and chili and cheese. More cozy food and chili and cheese. More cozy food and chili and cheese. More cozy food that might not hit the same when you're that might not hit the same when you're that might not hit the same when you're already sweating bullets, I'm well already sweating bullets, I'm well already sweating bullets, I'm well aware, but still tasty stuff around aware, but still tasty stuff around aware, but still tasty stuff around these parts. These come in a hearty bowl these parts. These come in a hearty bowl these parts. These come in a hearty bowl for $11, and the plant-based version for $11, and the plant-based version for $11, and the plant-based version costs about the same. And if you're costs about the same. And if you're costs about the same. And if you're wanting a more affordable loaded tacho wanting a more affordable loaded tacho wanting a more affordable loaded tacho bowl option, just swing by this snack bowl option, just swing by this snack bowl option, just swing by this snack stand before 11:00 a.m. and pick up the stand before 11:00 a.m. and pick up the stand before 11:00 a.m. and pick up the breakfast bowl made with hearty portions breakfast bowl made with hearty portions breakfast bowl made with hearty portions of potato barrels, smothered in smoked of potato barrels, smothered in smoked of potato barrels, smothered in smoked brisket country [music] gravy, scrambled brisket country [music] gravy, scrambled brisket country [music] gravy, scrambled eggs, and sprinkling of green onions. eggs, and sprinkling of green onions. eggs, and sprinkling of green onions. The full portion will cost you $9, while The full portion will cost you $9, while The full portion will cost you $9, while the kids will cost you just under seven. the kids will cost you just under seven. the kids will cost you just under seven. Now, this is just the beginning of a Now, this is just the beginning of a Now, this is just the beginning of a year's worth of Disney World savings year's worth of Disney World savings year's worth of Disney World savings [music] strategies, my friends. If [music] strategies, my friends. If [music] strategies, my friends. If you're looking for more videos that'll you're looking for more videos that'll you're looking for more videos that'll help you get the biggest bang for your help you get the biggest bang for your help you get the biggest bang for your buck in Disney World, [music] check out buck in Disney World, [music] check out buck in Disney World, [music] check out our Disney World hotels versus cheaper our Disney World hotels versus cheaper our Disney World hotels versus cheaper hotels video or our 50 things that are hotels video or our 50 things that are hotels video or our 50 things that are still shockingly free in Disney World still shockingly free in Disney World still shockingly free in Disney World video next. Speaking of free things, video next. Speaking of free things, video next. Speaking of free things, don't forget to download our free Disney don't forget to download our free Disney don't forget to download our free Disney World planning worksheets right now over World planning worksheets right now over World planning worksheets right now over at disneyfoodblog.com/dplans. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks Thanks for listening everyone and thanks Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for for watching. As always, this is AJ for for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Foodblog and we'll see you real Disney Foodblog and we'll see you real Disney Foodblog and we'll see you real soon.
