---
video_id: x2Jk5-IFInE
channel: DFBGuide
title: "The ULTIMATE Guide to Universal Studios Orlando 2026"
published: 2025-12-23
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2Jk5-IFInE
---
Universal Studios Florida is the OG Universal Studios Florida is the OG Universal Studios Florida is the OG Universal Orlando park that deserves our Universal Orlando park that deserves our Universal Orlando park that deserves our undivided attention. That's why this undivided attention. That's why this undivided attention. That's why this ultimate guide is going to make extra ultimate guide is going to make extra ultimate guide is going to make extra sure that you're prepared for a 2026 sure that you're prepared for a 2026 sure that you're prepared for a 2026 visit, providing you with the latest visit, providing you with the latest visit, providing you with the latest news, the hottest tips, and the most news, the hottest tips, and the most news, the hottest tips, and the most hidden gems in one easy to follow video. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. Universal Orlando made some huge Blog. Universal Orlando made some huge Blog. Universal Orlando made some huge waves in 2025, but 2026, waves in 2025, but 2026, waves in 2025, but 2026, those waves are going to keep on keeping those waves are going to keep on keeping those waves are going to keep on keeping on. Today, our focus is on the OG member on. Today, our focus is on the OG member on. Today, our focus is on the OG member of the Universal Orlando sphere of of the Universal Orlando sphere of of the Universal Orlando sphere of influence, Universal Studios Florida. A influence, Universal Studios Florida. A influence, Universal Studios Florida. A place where you'll meet minions and cast place where you'll meet minions and cast place where you'll meet minions and cast spells and escape mummies and race Jimmy spells and escape mummies and race Jimmy spells and escape mummies and race Jimmy Fallon and make memories that'll last a Fallon and make memories that'll last a Fallon and make memories that'll last a lifetime, as cheesy as that sounds. So, lifetime, as cheesy as that sounds. So, lifetime, as cheesy as that sounds. So, what's the news? What's the latest? what's the news? What's the latest? what's the news? What's the latest? What's the hot cost? As far as sparkling What's the hot cost? As far as sparkling What's the hot cost? As far as sparkling newness goes, the biggest thing newness goes, the biggest thing newness goes, the biggest thing happening in Universal Studios at the happening in Universal Studios at the happening in Universal Studios at the moment is the major closure and moment is the major closure and moment is the major closure and demolition of Hollywood Rip Ride Rocket. demolition of Hollywood Rip Ride Rocket. demolition of Hollywood Rip Ride Rocket. Back in August, Hollywood Rip Ride Back in August, Hollywood Rip Ride Back in August, Hollywood Rip Ride Rocket closed for good. While Universal Rocket closed for good. While Universal Rocket closed for good. While Universal hasn't officially announced what's going hasn't officially announced what's going hasn't officially announced what's going to be taking the place of the former to be taking the place of the former to be taking the place of the former coaster that used to give us whiplash, coaster that used to give us whiplash, coaster that used to give us whiplash, but at least had a head bobbing but at least had a head bobbing but at least had a head bobbing soundtrack. We do know that the entire soundtrack. We do know that the entire soundtrack. We do know that the entire coaster and related structures are being coaster and related structures are being coaster and related structures are being demoed to make way for a new attraction. demoed to make way for a new attraction. demoed to make way for a new attraction. So stay tuned for more announcements So stay tuned for more announcements So stay tuned for more announcements about that. If you've never been to about that. If you've never been to about that. If you've never been to Universal Studios Florida before, or Universal Studios Florida before, or Universal Studios Florida before, or it's been a hot minute at least, the it's been a hot minute at least, the it's been a hot minute at least, the newest lands you're going to find here newest lands you're going to find here newest lands you're going to find here right now are Minion Land, which opened right now are Minion Land, which opened right now are Minion Land, which opened in 2023, and DreamWorks Land in 2024. in 2023, and DreamWorks Land in 2024. in 2023, and DreamWorks Land in 2024. We'll talk more about each of those We'll talk more about each of those We'll talk more about each of those later on in the video. Also in 2024, later on in the video. Also in 2024, later on in the video. Also in 2024, Universal Studios Florida debuted two Universal Studios Florida debuted two Universal Studios Florida debuted two big shows inside the park. The first was big shows inside the park. The first was big shows inside the park. The first was the Mega Movie Parade, the biggest the Mega Movie Parade, the biggest the Mega Movie Parade, the biggest daytime parade for Universal Orlando daytime parade for Universal Orlando daytime parade for Universal Orlando ever. The parade features references to ever. The parade features references to ever. The parade features references to some of the most iconic movies ever made some of the most iconic movies ever made some of the most iconic movies ever made with major props like a 16oot staypuffed with major props like a 16oot staypuffed with major props like a 16oot staypuffed marshmallow man, a massive Jurassic marshmallow man, a massive Jurassic marshmallow man, a massive Jurassic World float with a big old Tyrannosaurus World float with a big old Tyrannosaurus World float with a big old Tyrannosaurus Rex, a live marching drum line Rex, a live marching drum line Rex, a live marching drum line performing the iconic music from Jaws, performing the iconic music from Jaws, performing the iconic music from Jaws, and a total of 13 floats and nearly 100 and a total of 13 floats and nearly 100 and a total of 13 floats and nearly 100 performers, which includes folks dancing performers, which includes folks dancing performers, which includes folks dancing and skating and walking on stilts and and skating and walking on stilts and and skating and walking on stilts and more. The second show was the nighttime more. The second show was the nighttime more. The second show was the nighttime spectacular sensational, a symphonic spectacular sensational, a symphonic spectacular sensational, a symphonic spectacular. Sorry for the double spectacular. Sorry for the double spectacular. Sorry for the double spectacular there. Just blame Bria cuz spectacular there. Just blame Bria cuz spectacular there. Just blame Bria cuz she can take it. This show features she can take it. This show features she can take it. This show features dancing fountains and pyrochnics that dancing fountains and pyrochnics that dancing fountains and pyrochnics that take you on an adventure through some of take you on an adventure through some of take you on an adventure through some of Universal's classic movie moments. Think Universal's classic movie moments. Think Universal's classic movie moments. Think Harry Potter, Jurassic World, Jaws, and Harry Potter, Jurassic World, Jaws, and Harry Potter, Jurassic World, Jaws, and more. Keep in mind that unlike Disney more. Keep in mind that unlike Disney more. Keep in mind that unlike Disney World's nighttime spectaculars or daily World's nighttime spectaculars or daily World's nighttime spectaculars or daily parades, these two Universal Studios parades, these two Universal Studios parades, these two Universal Studios shows only happen during certain times shows only happen during certain times shows only happen during certain times of the year. Typically, Mega Movie of the year. Typically, Mega Movie of the year. Typically, Mega Movie Parade will run from midappril after Parade will run from midappril after Parade will run from midappril after Marty GR until mid November before Marty GR until mid November before Marty GR until mid November before Christmas. Sensational tends to be more Christmas. Sensational tends to be more Christmas. Sensational tends to be more of a late spring/summer show, starting of a late spring/summer show, starting of a late spring/summer show, starting up also in midappril and lasting up also in midappril and lasting up also in midappril and lasting throughout August. Check the Universal throughout August. Check the Universal throughout August. Check the Universal Orlando website for both of these shows Orlando website for both of these shows Orlando website for both of these shows updated schedule times in 2026 when they updated schedule times in 2026 when they updated schedule times in 2026 when they become available. Sometimes I put this become available. Sometimes I put this become available. Sometimes I put this style of point at the very end of our style of point at the very end of our style of point at the very end of our Ultimate Guide scripts. But there were a Ultimate Guide scripts. But there were a Ultimate Guide scripts. But there were a few things I wanted to address right off few things I wanted to address right off few things I wanted to address right off the bat today that I know y'all have the bat today that I know y'all have the bat today that I know y'all have been asking me about in the comments. been asking me about in the comments. been asking me about in the comments. So, is Universal Studios Florida the So, is Universal Studios Florida the So, is Universal Studios Florida the worst Universal Orlando park? No. Well, worst Universal Orlando park? No. Well, worst Universal Orlando park? No. Well, I don't know. It all depends on your I don't know. It all depends on your I don't know. It all depends on your perspective, really. From my perspective, really. From my perspective, really. From my perspective, of course, it's the best perspective, of course, it's the best perspective, of course, it's the best because this is where ET Adventure because this is where ET Adventure because this is where ET Adventure lives. But I'm not going to go into that lives. But I'm not going to go into that lives. But I'm not going to go into that now because A, we're going to talk more now because A, we're going to talk more now because A, we're going to talk more about my boy ET later, and B, once you about my boy ET later, and B, once you about my boy ET later, and B, once you really get me started on why ET really get me started on why ET really get me started on why ET Adventure is the superior Universal Adventure is the superior Universal Adventure is the superior Universal ride, I might not stop. Now, there is an ride, I might not stop. Now, there is an ride, I might not stop. Now, there is an idea, an entire video solely dedicated idea, an entire video solely dedicated idea, an entire video solely dedicated to my love of ET Adventure. Nobody would to my love of ET Adventure. Nobody would to my love of ET Adventure. Nobody would watch that but me. But that's fine. watch that but me. But that's fine. watch that but me. But that's fine. Wait, what was the question? I'm Wait, what was the question? I'm Wait, what was the question? I'm answering again. Oh, right. Is Universal answering again. Oh, right. Is Universal answering again. Oh, right. Is Universal Studios Florida the worst park? This is Studios Florida the worst park? This is Studios Florida the worst park? This is the OG Universal Orlando park after all. the OG Universal Orlando park after all. the OG Universal Orlando park after all. So, it might feel like Islands of So, it might feel like Islands of So, it might feel like Islands of Adventure and Epic Universe are more Adventure and Epic Universe are more Adventure and Epic Universe are more polished in parts, but Universal Studios polished in parts, but Universal Studios polished in parts, but Universal Studios Florida is trying to keep up by offering Florida is trying to keep up by offering Florida is trying to keep up by offering a few new things that are more tailored a few new things that are more tailored a few new things that are more tailored to the younger folks in your group. to the younger folks in your group. to the younger folks in your group. Universal Studios Florida can also be a Universal Studios Florida can also be a Universal Studios Florida can also be a fan favorite when it comes to seasonal fan favorite when it comes to seasonal fan favorite when it comes to seasonal celebrations and festivals, cuz you're celebrations and festivals, cuz you're celebrations and festivals, cuz you're only going to find the festival scene only going to find the festival scene only going to find the festival scene here. For example, Rock the Universe here. For example, Rock the Universe here. For example, Rock the Universe happens towards the end of January the happens towards the end of January the happens towards the end of January the Christian rock/music festival. Universal Christian rock/music festival. Universal Christian rock/music festival. Universal Marty GR International Flavors of Marty GR International Flavors of Marty GR International Flavors of Carnival will be returning in 2026 from Carnival will be returning in 2026 from Carnival will be returning in 2026 from February 7th to April 4th. During this February 7th to April 4th. During this February 7th to April 4th. During this time, you can experience a lively time, you can experience a lively time, you can experience a lively carnival style extravaganza with parades carnival style extravaganza with parades carnival style extravaganza with parades and street performers, beads tossed into and street performers, beads tossed into and street performers, beads tossed into the crowd, live music and entertainment, the crowd, live music and entertainment, the crowd, live music and entertainment, and lots of different seasonal food and lots of different seasonal food and lots of different seasonal food booths featuring cinjun classics and New booths featuring cinjun classics and New booths featuring cinjun classics and New Orleans specialties with a twist. It's Orleans specialties with a twist. It's Orleans specialties with a twist. It's really good. Now, of course, Halloween really good. Now, of course, Halloween really good. Now, of course, Halloween Horror Nights. This is a separately Horror Nights. This is a separately Horror Nights. This is a separately ticketed event that happens in Universal ticketed event that happens in Universal ticketed event that happens in Universal Studios Florida only and takes place Studios Florida only and takes place Studios Florida only and takes place after the park closes up for the evening after the park closes up for the evening after the park closes up for the evening on select nights starting at the end of on select nights starting at the end of on select nights starting at the end of August and running until the beginning August and running until the beginning August and running until the beginning of November. This is the big one for a of November. This is the big one for a of November. This is the big one for a lot of us and a key reason why lot of us and a key reason why lot of us and a key reason why thrillsekers might prefer Universal thrillsekers might prefer Universal thrillsekers might prefer Universal Studios Florida above all the rest. Studios Florida above all the rest. Studios Florida above all the rest. Expect scares everywhere during this Expect scares everywhere during this Expect scares everywhere during this event. From highly immersive in the event. From highly immersive in the event. From highly immersive in the best/worst way, haunted houses, best/worst way, haunted houses, best/worst way, haunted houses, over-the-top scare zones, horror themed over-the-top scare zones, horror themed over-the-top scare zones, horror themed entertainment, limited time snacks that entertainment, limited time snacks that entertainment, limited time snacks that I know you'll want to sink your fangs I know you'll want to sink your fangs I know you'll want to sink your fangs into, and just overall spooky ambiance into, and just overall spooky ambiance into, and just overall spooky ambiance everywhere you turn. And finally, you've everywhere you turn. And finally, you've everywhere you turn. And finally, you've got the holidays in Universal Studios got the holidays in Universal Studios got the holidays in Universal Studios Florida. Islands of Adventure is the Florida. Islands of Adventure is the Florida. Islands of Adventure is the keeper of the Hoola Day stuff, but keeper of the Hoola Day stuff, but keeper of the Hoola Day stuff, but you'll still be able to see that massive you'll still be able to see that massive you'll still be able to see that massive Universal Holiday Parade featuring Universal Holiday Parade featuring Universal Holiday Parade featuring Macy's wrapping its way around the park. Macy's wrapping its way around the park. Macy's wrapping its way around the park. This has larger than-l life balloons, This has larger than-l life balloons, This has larger than-l life balloons, popular characters in Christmas and popular characters in Christmas and popular characters in Christmas and holiday attire, even a visit from Jolly holiday attire, even a visit from Jolly holiday attire, even a visit from Jolly Old St. Nicholas during the show's Old St. Nicholas during the show's Old St. Nicholas during the show's conclusion. Okay, next question. Is conclusion. Okay, next question. Is conclusion. Okay, next question. Is Express Pass worth it here? Universal Express Pass worth it here? Universal Express Pass worth it here? Universal Express Pass is a premium add-on service Express Pass is a premium add-on service Express Pass is a premium add-on service that helps you bypass the main ride that helps you bypass the main ride that helps you bypass the main ride lines in exchange for much shorter cues. lines in exchange for much shorter cues. lines in exchange for much shorter cues. It's also pretty pricey. On an average It's also pretty pricey. On an average It's also pretty pricey. On an average crowd level day in Universal Studios crowd level day in Universal Studios crowd level day in Universal Studios Florida, you're really probably not Florida, you're really probably not Florida, you're really probably not going to need an express pass. I'm not going to need an express pass. I'm not going to need an express pass. I'm not saying ride lines never get long here, saying ride lines never get long here, saying ride lines never get long here, but there's not really one particular but there's not really one particular but there's not really one particular ride that people are just scampering to ride that people are just scampering to ride that people are just scampering to get in line for right at the start of get in line for right at the start of get in line for right at the start of the day. In general, the wait times tend the day. In general, the wait times tend the day. In general, the wait times tend to be fairly manageable, unless you're to be fairly manageable, unless you're to be fairly manageable, unless you're visiting during peak season time, like visiting during peak season time, like visiting during peak season time, like spring break or the holiday season. That spring break or the holiday season. That spring break or the holiday season. That being said, if you're staying at one of being said, if you're staying at one of being said, if you're staying at one of Universal Signature hotels that offers Universal Signature hotels that offers Universal Signature hotels that offers up free Express Pass Unlimited for up free Express Pass Unlimited for up free Express Pass Unlimited for everyone under the hotel reservations, everyone under the hotel reservations, everyone under the hotel reservations, then you're not going to have to worry then you're not going to have to worry then you're not going to have to worry about paying extra for Express anyways. about paying extra for Express anyways. about paying extra for Express anyways. You'll just have them all on hand. You'll just have them all on hand. You'll just have them all on hand. That's pretty great. If you want to That's pretty great. If you want to That's pretty great. If you want to learn more about which Universal hotels learn more about which Universal hotels learn more about which Universal hotels offer free express passes and see a offer free express passes and see a offer free express passes and see a ranked overview of all the ranked overview of all the ranked overview of all the Universalowned hotels on site courtesy Universalowned hotels on site courtesy Universalowned hotels on site courtesy of us, then go ahead and scan the QR of us, then go ahead and scan the QR of us, then go ahead and scan the QR code on the screen now or click on the code on the screen now or click on the code on the screen now or click on the for for for Disneyfoodblog.com/universal Disneyfoodblog.com/universal Disneyfoodblog.com/universal ranks and we're going to send you our ranks and we're going to send you our ranks and we're going to send you our free Universal Orlando hotel guide right free Universal Orlando hotel guide right free Universal Orlando hotel guide right now. Okay. Is the Rip Ride Rocket now. Okay. Is the Rip Ride Rocket now. Okay. Is the Rip Ride Rocket construction distracting? Are you construction distracting? Are you construction distracting? Are you talking about when it is or isn't on talking about when it is or isn't on talking about when it is or isn't on fire? I wish I were joking, but the fire? I wish I were joking, but the fire? I wish I were joking, but the track literally did catch fire back in track literally did catch fire back in track literally did catch fire back in October. Fortunately, it was quickly put October. Fortunately, it was quickly put October. Fortunately, it was quickly put out and nothing major happened, but it's out and nothing major happened, but it's out and nothing major happened, but it's still wild to see that happen at all. still wild to see that happen at all. still wild to see that happen at all. So, on a whole, unless you're in the So, on a whole, unless you're in the So, on a whole, unless you're in the Wizarding World section of this park, Wizarding World section of this park, Wizarding World section of this park, you're not going to experience complete you're not going to experience complete you're not going to experience complete immersion in each land like you're going immersion in each land like you're going immersion in each land like you're going to find when you step through one of the to find when you step through one of the to find when you step through one of the Epic Universe portals. When you first Epic Universe portals. When you first Epic Universe portals. When you first enter the park, you're going to see enter the park, you're going to see enter the park, you're going to see Minion Land. And right past that, you'll Minion Land. And right past that, you'll Minion Land. And right past that, you'll see Race Through New York starring Jimmy see Race Through New York starring Jimmy see Race Through New York starring Jimmy Fallon. And then at the tail end of the Fallon. And then at the tail end of the Fallon. And then at the tail end of the street, you'll see the huge building street, you'll see the huge building street, you'll see the huge building that holds the Revenge of the Mummy that holds the Revenge of the Mummy that holds the Revenge of the Mummy indoor coaster. So, to answer your indoor coaster. So, to answer your indoor coaster. So, to answer your question, no. The construction walls up question, no. The construction walls up question, no. The construction walls up around Rip Ride Rocket and the overall around Rip Ride Rocket and the overall around Rip Ride Rocket and the overall demo really aren't too distracting, just demo really aren't too distracting, just demo really aren't too distracting, just cuz Universal Studios doesn't really cuz Universal Studios doesn't really cuz Universal Studios doesn't really have that immersion factor to begin have that immersion factor to begin have that immersion factor to begin with. Okay, now let's get to the meat of with. Okay, now let's get to the meat of with. Okay, now let's get to the meat of each land. Starting with Minion Land. each land. Starting with Minion Land. each land. Starting with Minion Land. Again, when you first step foot into Again, when you first step foot into Again, when you first step foot into Universal Studios Florida, you're going Universal Studios Florida, you're going Universal Studios Florida, you're going to be greeted by the Minions. So, don't to be greeted by the Minions. So, don't to be greeted by the Minions. So, don't expect to be eased into things with like expect to be eased into things with like expect to be eased into things with like a nice easy happygolucky Main Street USA a nice easy happygolucky Main Street USA a nice easy happygolucky Main Street USA sort of vibe. You're going to be sort of vibe. You're going to be sort of vibe. You're going to be completely thrust into the land of giant completely thrust into the land of giant completely thrust into the land of giant yellow walking babbling tic tacs right yellow walking babbling tic tacs right yellow walking babbling tic tacs right from the get-go. The most noteworthy from the get-go. The most noteworthy from the get-go. The most noteworthy spots you're going to find in Minion spots you're going to find in Minion spots you're going to find in Minion Land are Villain Con Minion Blaster. Land are Villain Con Minion Blaster. Land are Villain Con Minion Blaster. This is not necessarily a ride cuz This is not necessarily a ride cuz This is not necessarily a ride cuz you're not going to do any sitting, but you're not going to do any sitting, but you're not going to do any sitting, but it is an attraction that has ride-like it is an attraction that has ride-like it is an attraction that has ride-like qualities and competition. You'll stand qualities and competition. You'll stand qualities and competition. You'll stand on a moving walkway and blast the things on a moving walkway and blast the things on a moving walkway and blast the things popping up on the screen surrounding you popping up on the screen surrounding you popping up on the screen surrounding you to rack up a higher score. One of the to rack up a higher score. One of the to rack up a higher score. One of the coolest parts about this experience is coolest parts about this experience is coolest parts about this experience is that the universal app can save your that the universal app can save your that the universal app can save your scores, which helps you unlock abilities scores, which helps you unlock abilities scores, which helps you unlock abilities that you can use the next time you give that you can use the next time you give that you can use the next time you give this attraction a whirl. The actual ride this attraction a whirl. The actual ride this attraction a whirl. The actual ride in this land, h sort of, it's actually in this land, h sort of, it's actually in this land, h sort of, it's actually more of a show with a screen that makes more of a show with a screen that makes more of a show with a screen that makes you feel like you're on a ride, is you feel like you're on a ride, is you feel like you're on a ride, is Despicable Me: Minion Mayhem. This is a Despicable Me: Minion Mayhem. This is a Despicable Me: Minion Mayhem. This is a motion simulator experience that turns motion simulator experience that turns motion simulator experience that turns you into a minion in training. It's cute you into a minion in training. It's cute you into a minion in training. It's cute and it has a heartwarming story line, and it has a heartwarming story line, and it has a heartwarming story line, but maybe not one you'll want to hit up but maybe not one you'll want to hit up but maybe not one you'll want to hit up right at the start of the day. Since right at the start of the day. Since right at the start of the day. Since it's right up towards the front of the it's right up towards the front of the it's right up towards the front of the park, lots of folks head to it at first, park, lots of folks head to it at first, park, lots of folks head to it at first, so you'll probably be better off getting so you'll probably be better off getting so you'll probably be better off getting in a shorter q-ine after park opening in a shorter q-ine after park opening in a shorter q-ine after park opening elsewhere. If you're looking for a elsewhere. If you're looking for a elsewhere. If you're looking for a weird, wonderful, and over-the-top weird, wonderful, and over-the-top weird, wonderful, and over-the-top novelty snack and a bunch of weird novelty snack and a bunch of weird novelty snack and a bunch of weird entre, Minion Land is your land. First entre, Minion Land is your land. First entre, Minion Land is your land. First of all, you've got the Minion Cafe quick of all, you've got the Minion Cafe quick of all, you've got the Minion Cafe quick service. Those yellow dudes run the service. Those yellow dudes run the service. Those yellow dudes run the establishment here, but kids are going establishment here, but kids are going establishment here, but kids are going to love that. And you're gonna love to love that. And you're gonna love to love that. And you're gonna love tracking down all the little Easter eggs tracking down all the little Easter eggs tracking down all the little Easter eggs hiding around the dining room. Hidden hiding around the dining room. Hidden hiding around the dining room. Hidden gem alert. By the way, one of the tables gem alert. By the way, one of the tables gem alert. By the way, one of the tables in Minion Cafe is themed as a foosball in Minion Cafe is themed as a foosball in Minion Cafe is themed as a foosball table with the minions as the players table with the minions as the players table with the minions as the players and Young Grrew as the goalie. Some of and Young Grrew as the goalie. Some of and Young Grrew as the goalie. Some of our favorite Minion inspired eats that our favorite Minion inspired eats that our favorite Minion inspired eats that we've tried here so far include Lucy's we've tried here so far include Lucy's we've tried here so far include Lucy's top secret salmon with coconut blue top secret salmon with coconut blue top secret salmon with coconut blue rice. I know you wouldn't think, right? rice. I know you wouldn't think, right? rice. I know you wouldn't think, right? But anyway, the steak and cheese ray But anyway, the steak and cheese ray But anyway, the steak and cheese ray sandwich and the Mel's meatball sandwich and the Mel's meatball sandwich and the Mel's meatball mountain. That's a wood oven baked mountain. That's a wood oven baked mountain. That's a wood oven baked stuffed pizza with meatballs, basil, stuffed pizza with meatballs, basil, stuffed pizza with meatballs, basil, fresh mozzarella, and marinara. There's fresh mozzarella, and marinara. There's fresh mozzarella, and marinara. There's also a dessert here called Otto's Pet also a dessert here called Otto's Pet also a dessert here called Otto's Pet Rock made with peanut butter mousse, Rock made with peanut butter mousse, Rock made with peanut butter mousse, strawberry jelly, crushed peanuts, and strawberry jelly, crushed peanuts, and strawberry jelly, crushed peanuts, and banana cake dipped in a chocolate shell. banana cake dipped in a chocolate shell. banana cake dipped in a chocolate shell. And like, it's good if you don't have a And like, it's good if you don't have a And like, it's good if you don't have a conscience, that is. Otherwise, I kind conscience, that is. Otherwise, I kind conscience, that is. Otherwise, I kind of feel bad taking a big old bite out of of feel bad taking a big old bite out of of feel bad taking a big old bite out of my pet rock. But again, it's peanut my pet rock. But again, it's peanut my pet rock. But again, it's peanut butter, so sorry, Rocco. Down the hatch. butter, so sorry, Rocco. Down the hatch. butter, so sorry, Rocco. Down the hatch. Don't want to eat a full novelty meal Don't want to eat a full novelty meal Don't want to eat a full novelty meal here in Minion Land? Consider at least here in Minion Land? Consider at least here in Minion Land? Consider at least getting an eccentric snack here. You've getting an eccentric snack here. You've getting an eccentric snack here. You've got choices ranging from Pop Banana with got choices ranging from Pop Banana with got choices ranging from Pop Banana with banana flavored popcorn on offer, banana flavored popcorn on offer, banana flavored popcorn on offer, freeze-ray pops with popsicles themed freeze-ray pops with popsicles themed freeze-ray pops with popsicles themed around the popular members of the around the popular members of the around the popular members of the Despicable Me crew, and Bake My Day, Despicable Me crew, and Bake My Day, Despicable Me crew, and Bake My Day, which is the land's confectionary that which is the land's confectionary that which is the land's confectionary that sells Despicable Me themed goodies like sells Despicable Me themed goodies like sells Despicable Me themed goodies like cupcakes and macaroons and s'mores and cupcakes and macaroons and s'mores and cupcakes and macaroons and s'mores and candies and several different packaged candies and several different packaged candies and several different packaged take-home treats. Now, right next to take-home treats. Now, right next to take-home treats. Now, right next to Bake My Day, you can find the Bake My Day, you can find the Bake My Day, you can find the Illumination Theater, which has Illumination Theater, which has Illumination Theater, which has character meet and greets that character meet and greets that character meet and greets that constantly rotate out to highlight constantly rotate out to highlight constantly rotate out to highlight different popular Illumination friends, different popular Illumination friends, different popular Illumination friends, even those outside of the Despicable Me even those outside of the Despicable Me even those outside of the Despicable Me franchise. franchise. franchise. Lights, cameras, action. This is Lights, cameras, action. This is Lights, cameras, action. This is Hollywood, baby. So, of course, this Hollywood, baby. So, of course, this Hollywood, baby. So, of course, this would be the place where the most live would be the place where the most live would be the place where the most live stage shows are happening in the park. stage shows are happening in the park. stage shows are happening in the park. New York would have made sense for that, New York would have made sense for that, New York would have made sense for that, too. But best not to overthink it. There too. But best not to overthink it. There too. But best not to overthink it. There are three main stage shows you can find are three main stage shows you can find are three main stage shows you can find here. Universal Orlando's horror makeup here. Universal Orlando's horror makeup here. Universal Orlando's horror makeup show takes you behind the scenes to show show takes you behind the scenes to show show takes you behind the scenes to show you how Universal's classic movie you how Universal's classic movie you how Universal's classic movie monsters are created. Kind of feels like monsters are created. Kind of feels like monsters are created. Kind of feels like a sneak peek behind Dark Universe over a sneak peek behind Dark Universe over a sneak peek behind Dark Universe over an epic universe. Really, the Borne an epic universe. Really, the Borne an epic universe. Really, the Borne Stunttacular is an acrobatic and stunt Stunttacular is an acrobatic and stunt Stunttacular is an acrobatic and stunt performance where you'll follow Jason performance where you'll follow Jason performance where you'll follow Jason Bourne during an action-packed live show Bourne during an action-packed live show Bourne during an action-packed live show complete with motorcycles and complete with motorcycles and complete with motorcycles and helicopters and danger. So much danger. helicopters and danger. So much danger. helicopters and danger. So much danger. I've heard several people talk about how I've heard several people talk about how I've heard several people talk about how this is always on their musto list this is always on their musto list this is always on their musto list whenever they go to Universal Studios whenever they go to Universal Studios whenever they go to Universal Studios Florida. So, you might want to consider Florida. So, you might want to consider Florida. So, you might want to consider putting it on your list, too. And then putting it on your list, too. And then putting it on your list, too. And then there's Animal Actors on Location, which there's Animal Actors on Location, which there's Animal Actors on Location, which has no life-threatening stunts, thank has no life-threatening stunts, thank has no life-threatening stunts, thank goodness. But it does have plenty of goodness. But it does have plenty of goodness. But it does have plenty of cute animals who are all having a fun cute animals who are all having a fun cute animals who are all having a fun time playing with their trainers on time playing with their trainers on time playing with their trainers on stage while also showing off their stage while also showing off their stage while also showing off their impressive tricks. So, if you want to impressive tricks. So, if you want to impressive tricks. So, if you want to meet a lot of characters all at once, meet a lot of characters all at once, meet a lot of characters all at once, maybe even the ones from your childhood, maybe even the ones from your childhood, maybe even the ones from your childhood, mom, dad, and grandparents, the mom, dad, and grandparents, the mom, dad, and grandparents, the Hollywood area is also known for its Hollywood area is also known for its Hollywood area is also known for its character zone. Characters rotate out character zone. Characters rotate out character zone. Characters rotate out often here, but you might find friends often here, but you might find friends often here, but you might find friends like Scooby-Doo, and the rest of the like Scooby-Doo, and the rest of the like Scooby-Doo, and the rest of the Mystery Gang, Beetlejuice, Betty Boop, Mystery Gang, Beetlejuice, Betty Boop, Mystery Gang, Beetlejuice, Betty Boop, The Simpsons, as well as The Simpsons The Simpsons, as well as The Simpsons The Simpsons, as well as The Simpsons Sworn Enemies, and several other popular Sworn Enemies, and several other popular Sworn Enemies, and several other popular TV show and movie characters, too. If TV show and movie characters, too. If TV show and movie characters, too. If you're looking for a bite to eat, the you're looking for a bite to eat, the you're looking for a bite to eat, the Today Cafe Quick Service might be a good Today Cafe Quick Service might be a good Today Cafe Quick Service might be a good place to start, especially in the place to start, especially in the place to start, especially in the morning when you're looking for morning when you're looking for morning when you're looking for something more substantial to eat around something more substantial to eat around something more substantial to eat around breakfast time that's maybe not Minion breakfast time that's maybe not Minion breakfast time that's maybe not Minion themed. The restaurant's themed around themed. The restaurant's themed around themed. The restaurant's themed around that long-standing NBC morning show, that long-standing NBC morning show, that long-standing NBC morning show, offering up sandwiches like the egg offering up sandwiches like the egg offering up sandwiches like the egg white Florentine, the smoked salmon white Florentine, the smoked salmon white Florentine, the smoked salmon locks bagel, and a basic ham, egg, and locks bagel, and a basic ham, egg, and locks bagel, and a basic ham, egg, and cheese on chabatada. Today, Cafe does cheese on chabatada. Today, Cafe does cheese on chabatada. Today, Cafe does stay open all day long with lunch and stay open all day long with lunch and stay open all day long with lunch and dinner offerings, too. So, even if you dinner offerings, too. So, even if you dinner offerings, too. So, even if you don't hit this place up for breakfast, don't hit this place up for breakfast, don't hit this place up for breakfast, then it's still here if you want to then it's still here if you want to then it's still here if you want to swing by for some speedy sandwiches or swing by for some speedy sandwiches or swing by for some speedy sandwiches or something. More than I like Today Cafe, something. More than I like Today Cafe, something. More than I like Today Cafe, though, I really like Central Park though, I really like Central Park though, I really like Central Park crepes. Should both Today Cafe and crepes. Should both Today Cafe and crepes. Should both Today Cafe and Central Park crepes also be in the New Central Park crepes also be in the New Central Park crepes also be in the New York section of the park? Yes, probably. York section of the park? Yes, probably. York section of the park? Yes, probably. Again, not going to overthink it. Again, not going to overthink it. Again, not going to overthink it. Central Park Crepes is a cute little Central Park Crepes is a cute little Central Park Crepes is a cute little kiosk that serves both sweet and savory kiosk that serves both sweet and savory kiosk that serves both sweet and savory handheld options year round that are handheld options year round that are handheld options year round that are always made fresh on site. And now that always made fresh on site. And now that always made fresh on site. And now that I'm thinking about it, I'm starting to I'm thinking about it, I'm starting to I'm thinking about it, I'm starting to realize that the Hollywood section of realize that the Hollywood section of realize that the Hollywood section of Universal Studios Florida might be a Universal Studios Florida might be a Universal Studios Florida might be a favorite section because this place favorite section because this place favorite section because this place doesn't just have crepes and cute doesn't just have crepes and cute doesn't just have crepes and cute performing animals. It is the keeper of performing animals. It is the keeper of performing animals. It is the keeper of what could possibly be my favorite what could possibly be my favorite what could possibly be my favorite Universal ride of all time. No, not Universal ride of all time. No, not Universal ride of all time. No, not quite possibly. It is ET Adventure. And quite possibly. It is ET Adventure. And quite possibly. It is ET Adventure. And the cry goes wild. the cry goes wild. the cry goes wild. Yes, you feel the same way that I do Yes, you feel the same way that I do Yes, you feel the same way that I do about ET. ET Adventure isn't just about ET. ET Adventure isn't just about ET. ET Adventure isn't just another screen ride. This is a slowgoing another screen ride. This is a slowgoing another screen ride. This is a slowgoing animatronic dark ride where you'll animatronic dark ride where you'll animatronic dark ride where you'll return to ET's home planet to meet all return to ET's home planet to meet all return to ET's home planet to meet all his sweet and slightly unsettling his sweet and slightly unsettling his sweet and slightly unsettling friends and relatives as well as a whole friends and relatives as well as a whole friends and relatives as well as a whole bunch of little ETs. So ET will even say bunch of little ETs. So ET will even say bunch of little ETs. So ET will even say goodbye to you personally at the goodbye to you personally at the goodbye to you personally at the conclusion of this ride when it's conclusion of this ride when it's conclusion of this ride when it's working, which isn't often, but maybe it working, which isn't often, but maybe it working, which isn't often, but maybe it will be when you're there. I don't know. will be when you're there. I don't know. will be when you're there. I don't know. It's very precious. As you enter the It's very precious. As you enter the It's very precious. As you enter the indoor portion of the queue, you'll tell indoor portion of the queue, you'll tell indoor portion of the queue, you'll tell the team member up front your name, and the team member up front your name, and the team member up front your name, and the team member will add it to a card, the team member will add it to a card, the team member will add it to a card, and they'll hand over that card for you. and they'll hand over that card for you. and they'll hand over that card for you. Now, it's your job to hand that same Now, it's your job to hand that same Now, it's your job to hand that same card over to the team member in the card over to the team member in the card over to the team member in the boarding area so they can get it boarding area so they can get it boarding area so they can get it transmitted to ET before you take off. transmitted to ET before you take off. transmitted to ET before you take off. Again, doesn't always work, but Again, doesn't always work, but Again, doesn't always work, but sometimes. Hot tip: Check out the sometimes. Hot tip: Check out the sometimes. Hot tip: Check out the feature presentation store to see what feature presentation store to see what feature presentation store to see what pop-ups are happening during your next pop-ups are happening during your next pop-ups are happening during your next visit. At the time of writing, Wicked visit. At the time of writing, Wicked visit. At the time of writing, Wicked the Experience is still on display, the Experience is still on display, the Experience is still on display, featuring an immersive self-guided featuring an immersive self-guided featuring an immersive self-guided walkthrough of exclusive treats, walkthrough of exclusive treats, walkthrough of exclusive treats, character meet and greets with Alfie and character meet and greets with Alfie and character meet and greets with Alfie and Glenda, of course, merchandise, photo Glenda, of course, merchandise, photo Glenda, of course, merchandise, photo backdrops, and displays of actual props backdrops, and displays of actual props backdrops, and displays of actual props and costumes that were used during the and costumes that were used during the and costumes that were used during the films. And now we've made it to the films. And now we've made it to the films. And now we've made it to the newest land in Universal Studios newest land in Universal Studios newest land in Universal Studios Florida, DreamWorks Land. DreamWorks Florida, DreamWorks Land. DreamWorks Florida, DreamWorks Land. DreamWorks Land replaced the old Woody Woodpecker's Land replaced the old Woody Woodpecker's Land replaced the old Woody Woodpecker's Kid Zone from back in the day with a Kid Zone from back in the day with a Kid Zone from back in the day with a reimagined kid-friendly space where kids reimagined kid-friendly space where kids reimagined kid-friendly space where kids can mingle with popular DreamWorks pals can mingle with popular DreamWorks pals can mingle with popular DreamWorks pals in an ultra immersive area. While you're in an ultra immersive area. While you're in an ultra immersive area. While you're bound to see several DreamWorks bound to see several DreamWorks bound to see several DreamWorks characters here, especially in the meet characters here, especially in the meet characters here, especially in the meet and greet department, there are three and greet department, there are three and greet department, there are three DreamWorks franchises in particular that DreamWorks franchises in particular that DreamWorks franchises in particular that get the biggest spotlights. The first is get the biggest spotlights. The first is get the biggest spotlights. The first is Trolls. You know, short, big hair, Trolls. You know, short, big hair, Trolls. You know, short, big hair, bigger attitudes, one of them farts bigger attitudes, one of them farts bigger attitudes, one of them farts glitter. I guess the troller coaster in glitter. I guess the troller coaster in glitter. I guess the troller coaster in DreamWorks Land is the only ride you're DreamWorks Land is the only ride you're DreamWorks Land is the only ride you're going to find here. It's a going to find here. It's a going to find here. It's a family-friendly option where you get to family-friendly option where you get to family-friendly option where you get to join Poppy and Tiny and the twins Satin join Poppy and Tiny and the twins Satin join Poppy and Tiny and the twins Satin and Chenille on a caterpillar gater bus and Chenille on a caterpillar gater bus and Chenille on a caterpillar gater bus all while trying to escape a fleet of all while trying to escape a fleet of all while trying to escape a fleet of scary spiders. What can I say? It's scary spiders. What can I say? It's scary spiders. What can I say? It's adorable, but it's definitely more for adorable, but it's definitely more for adorable, but it's definitely more for the younger riders in your group. After the younger riders in your group. After the younger riders in your group. After your roller coaster ride, or before, or your roller coaster ride, or before, or your roller coaster ride, or before, or instead of, you might want to treat instead of, you might want to treat instead of, you might want to treat yourself over at the Trolls Treat stand, yourself over at the Trolls Treat stand, yourself over at the Trolls Treat stand, which serves swirly twirly ice cream which serves swirly twirly ice cream which serves swirly twirly ice cream that resembles that troll updo that that resembles that troll updo that that resembles that troll updo that those little creatures are so well known those little creatures are so well known those little creatures are so well known for. You got two options to choose from for. You got two options to choose from for. You got two options to choose from currently. One is the Brozone Berry with currently. One is the Brozone Berry with currently. One is the Brozone Berry with Huckleberry soft serve, and the other is Huckleberry soft serve, and the other is Huckleberry soft serve, and the other is Poppylicious Pink with pink lemonade Poppylicious Pink with pink lemonade Poppylicious Pink with pink lemonade soft serve and flower sprinkles. The soft serve and flower sprinkles. The soft serve and flower sprinkles. The second most represented franchise here second most represented franchise here second most represented franchise here is Shrek. This thrills my good friend is Shrek. This thrills my good friend is Shrek. This thrills my good friend Quincy from All Ears to No End. Inside Quincy from All Ears to No End. Inside Quincy from All Ears to No End. Inside Shrek's swamp, you'll get to create a Shrek's swamp, you'll get to create a Shrek's swamp, you'll get to create a swamp symphony by jumping between lily swamp symphony by jumping between lily swamp symphony by jumping between lily pads and making the choir of frogs pads and making the choir of frogs pads and making the choir of frogs ribbit out a tune. Mama Luna Feline ribbit out a tune. Mama Luna Feline ribbit out a tune. Mama Luna Feline Fiesta from the Puss and Boots spin-off Fiesta from the Puss and Boots spin-off Fiesta from the Puss and Boots spin-off series combines digital screens and series combines digital screens and series combines digital screens and hundreds of cats to create an hundreds of cats to create an hundreds of cats to create an interactive experience where you'll use interactive experience where you'll use interactive experience where you'll use bells and Buttons and maracas to play bells and Buttons and maracas to play bells and Buttons and maracas to play with the cats Puss and Boots had the uh with the cats Puss and Boots had the uh with the cats Puss and Boots had the uh privilege of living with for a brief privilege of living with for a brief privilege of living with for a brief period of time. And in Shrek Swamp for period of time. And in Shrek Swamp for period of time. And in Shrek Swamp for little ogres, kiddos can climb around little ogres, kiddos can climb around little ogres, kiddos can climb around this not so far far away playground and this not so far far away playground and this not so far far away playground and slide down an outhouse slide. Better out slide down an outhouse slide. Better out slide down an outhouse slide. Better out than in, I always say. Right outside of than in, I always say. Right outside of than in, I always say. Right outside of Shrek's cottage, you'll be able to meet Shrek's cottage, you'll be able to meet Shrek's cottage, you'll be able to meet characters like Shrek, Donkey, and Fiona characters like Shrek, Donkey, and Fiona characters like Shrek, Donkey, and Fiona live and in person. Keep in mind that live and in person. Keep in mind that live and in person. Keep in mind that all three characters are rarely ever out all three characters are rarely ever out all three characters are rarely ever out at the same time, but whoever does show at the same time, but whoever does show at the same time, but whoever does show up is going to be a hoot and holler. up is going to be a hoot and holler. up is going to be a hoot and holler. Need a bite to eat and feel brave enough Need a bite to eat and feel brave enough Need a bite to eat and feel brave enough to scavenge for food in the swamp? You to scavenge for food in the swamp? You to scavenge for food in the swamp? You can grab a Shrekle? Yep, that's a can grab a Shrekle? Yep, that's a can grab a Shrekle? Yep, that's a Shrekshaped soft pretzel for you. Over Shrekshaped soft pretzel for you. Over Shrekshaped soft pretzel for you. Over at Swamp Snacks, which comes with a side at Swamp Snacks, which comes with a side at Swamp Snacks, which comes with a side of Swamp Green Cheese Sauce. Don't of Swamp Green Cheese Sauce. Don't of Swamp Green Cheese Sauce. Don't stress too much over this slime looking stress too much over this slime looking stress too much over this slime looking stuff. The pretzel is just a normal stuff. The pretzel is just a normal stuff. The pretzel is just a normal pretzel and the cheese is just a normal pretzel and the cheese is just a normal pretzel and the cheese is just a normal cold plastic cheese dyed green. And then cold plastic cheese dyed green. And then cold plastic cheese dyed green. And then there's a third most represented there's a third most represented there's a third most represented franchise, Kung Fu Panda. If you're franchise, Kung Fu Panda. If you're franchise, Kung Fu Panda. If you're ready to learn some super awesome kung ready to learn some super awesome kung ready to learn some super awesome kung fu moves, just like Po learned during fu moves, just like Po learned during fu moves, just like Po learned during Kung Fu Panda, just head over to the Po Kung Fu Panda, just head over to the Po Kung Fu Panda, just head over to the Po live show. Your kung fu training will live show. Your kung fu training will live show. Your kung fu training will continue over at Po's Kung Fu Training continue over at Po's Kung Fu Training continue over at Po's Kung Fu Training Camp, which is another interactive play Camp, which is another interactive play Camp, which is another interactive play place where kids can run free in an place where kids can run free in an place where kids can run free in an immersive Kung Fu Panda environment. immersive Kung Fu Panda environment. immersive Kung Fu Panda environment. Might even get sprayed while helping out Might even get sprayed while helping out Might even get sprayed while helping out with the laundry. Hot tip here for a with the laundry. Hot tip here for a with the laundry. Hot tip here for a DreamWorks show that combines all three DreamWorks show that combines all three DreamWorks show that combines all three of these movie characters together, plus of these movie characters together, plus of these movie characters together, plus some other fan favorites, too. Check some other fan favorites, too. Check some other fan favorites, too. Check your Universal app to find showtimes for your Universal app to find showtimes for your Universal app to find showtimes for the DreamWorks Imagination Celebration the DreamWorks Imagination Celebration the DreamWorks Imagination Celebration Show. This live performance features Show. This live performance features Show. This live performance features lots of music and dancing and fun for lots of music and dancing and fun for lots of music and dancing and fun for kids. So, get ready to move it. Move it. kids. So, get ready to move it. Move it. kids. So, get ready to move it. Move it. Now, have you ever watched an episode of Now, have you ever watched an episode of Now, have you ever watched an episode of The Simpsons and thought, "I wish I The Simpsons and thought, "I wish I The Simpsons and thought, "I wish I could meet these guys in real life and could meet these guys in real life and could meet these guys in real life and at a carnival." Well, congratulations. at a carnival." Well, congratulations. at a carnival." Well, congratulations. Universal Studios Florida can make your Universal Studios Florida can make your Universal Studios Florida can make your wildest, and I mean wildest, dreams come wildest, and I mean wildest, dreams come wildest, and I mean wildest, dreams come true. This area is best known for having true. This area is best known for having true. This area is best known for having several eeries with foods directly from several eeries with foods directly from several eeries with foods directly from the show and rides that make you a the show and rides that make you a the show and rides that make you a little bit queasy. So, here's your little bit queasy. So, here's your little bit queasy. So, here's your warning now. Bring your non-drowsy warning now. Bring your non-drowsy warning now. Bring your non-drowsy Dramamine. The Simpsons ride is the main Dramamine. The Simpsons ride is the main Dramamine. The Simpsons ride is the main ride here. Say hello to more screens and ride here. Say hello to more screens and ride here. Say hello to more screens and and has that classic Simpsons humor, but and has that classic Simpsons humor, but and has that classic Simpsons humor, but just a little more PG-rated for this just a little more PG-rated for this just a little more PG-rated for this familyfriendly park. Then there's Kang familyfriendly park. Then there's Kang familyfriendly park. Then there's Kang and Cotto's Twirl and Hurl. Ironically and Cotto's Twirl and Hurl. Ironically and Cotto's Twirl and Hurl. Ironically enough, more people get more sick on the enough, more people get more sick on the enough, more people get more sick on the Simpsons ride than they do in this Twirl Simpsons ride than they do in this Twirl Simpsons ride than they do in this Twirl and Hurl, but that's just cuz the Twirl and Hurl, but that's just cuz the Twirl and Hurl, but that's just cuz the Twirl and Hurl is more of a classic aerial and Hurl is more of a classic aerial and Hurl is more of a classic aerial carousel, kind of like Dumbo over in carousel, kind of like Dumbo over in carousel, kind of like Dumbo over in Magic Kingdom, just with fewer flying Magic Kingdom, just with fewer flying Magic Kingdom, just with fewer flying baby elephants and more man-eating baby elephants and more man-eating baby elephants and more man-eating aliens. Hidden gem here. Each saucer has aliens. Hidden gem here. Each saucer has aliens. Hidden gem here. Each saucer has a name and a silly name, so don't forget a name and a silly name, so don't forget a name and a silly name, so don't forget to read yours before boarding. If I'm to read yours before boarding. If I'm to read yours before boarding. If I'm ever in the Simpsons area, you're more ever in the Simpsons area, you're more ever in the Simpsons area, you're more than likely going to find me chowing than likely going to find me chowing than likely going to find me chowing down on the various different snacks and down on the various different snacks and down on the various different snacks and food stands here versus getting in line food stands here versus getting in line food stands here versus getting in line for the rides. One time on the Simpsons for the rides. One time on the Simpsons for the rides. One time on the Simpsons ride is plenty for me. Now, I'll just ride is plenty for me. Now, I'll just ride is plenty for me. Now, I'll just list all these off in one fell swoop so list all these off in one fell swoop so list all these off in one fell swoop so you can see what I mean. Lardl Lad you can see what I mean. Lardl Lad you can see what I mean. Lardl Lad Donuts is the home of those giant pink Donuts is the home of those giant pink Donuts is the home of those giant pink donuts Homer's always obsessed with. donuts Homer's always obsessed with. donuts Homer's always obsessed with. These are as big as your face, y'all. These are as big as your face, y'all. These are as big as your face, y'all. They are very, very large, but they're They are very, very large, but they're They are very, very large, but they're also very, very good. They're made by also very, very good. They're made by also very, very good. They're made by local Orlando outfit Doughnut King, local Orlando outfit Doughnut King, local Orlando outfit Doughnut King, which does a great job with these. Now, which does a great job with these. Now, which does a great job with these. Now, we don't talk about this one as often we don't talk about this one as often we don't talk about this one as often cuz there's another ice cream stop I do cuz there's another ice cream stop I do cuz there's another ice cream stop I do prefer in this park, which I'll talk prefer in this park, which I'll talk prefer in this park, which I'll talk about a little bit later, but you can about a little bit later, but you can about a little bit later, but you can get an ice cream treat like the ice get an ice cream treat like the ice get an ice cream treat like the ice cream conan or a brief freezing sundae cream conan or a brief freezing sundae cream conan or a brief freezing sundae over at Phineas Cube Butter Fats Ice over at Phineas Cube Butter Fats Ice over at Phineas Cube Butter Fats Ice Cream Parlor. They've even got an Cream Parlor. They've even got an Cream Parlor. They've even got an everything but the kitchen sink option everything but the kitchen sink option everything but the kitchen sink option featuring your choice of soft serve ice featuring your choice of soft serve ice featuring your choice of soft serve ice cream in every single topping in the cream in every single topping in the cream in every single topping in the store. Luigi's Pizza. Self-explanatory. store. Luigi's Pizza. Self-explanatory. store. Luigi's Pizza. Self-explanatory. You got pizza here by the slice or by You got pizza here by the slice or by You got pizza here by the slice or by the pie to share. Duff Brewery Beer the pie to share. Duff Brewery Beer the pie to share. Duff Brewery Beer Garden sells that classic Duff beer at Garden sells that classic Duff beer at Garden sells that classic Duff beer at Duff Light that's mentioned so often in Duff Light that's mentioned so often in Duff Light that's mentioned so often in the Simpsons series. But you can also the Simpsons series. But you can also the Simpsons series. But you can also get a few other select beer, wine, and get a few other select beer, wine, and get a few other select beer, wine, and cocktail options here, too. Speaking of cocktail options here, too. Speaking of cocktail options here, too. Speaking of popular Simpsons offerings straight out popular Simpsons offerings straight out popular Simpsons offerings straight out of the show, Mo Tavern is here, too, you of the show, Mo Tavern is here, too, you of the show, Mo Tavern is here, too, you guys, giving you another location to guys, giving you another location to guys, giving you another location to pick up that Duff beer special if you pick up that Duff beer special if you pick up that Duff beer special if you want to feel even more like you're a want to feel even more like you're a want to feel even more like you're a part of the Simpsons universe. Bumblebee part of the Simpsons universe. Bumblebee part of the Simpsons universe. Bumblebee Man's Taco Truck is probably one of our Man's Taco Truck is probably one of our Man's Taco Truck is probably one of our favorite stops in the Simpsons area. favorite stops in the Simpsons area. favorite stops in the Simpsons area. It's street taco central over here, It's street taco central over here, It's street taco central over here, y'all. But Bumblebee Man's Macho Macho y'all. But Bumblebee Man's Macho Macho y'all. But Bumblebee Man's Macho Macho Nachos are also a solid choice to share Nachos are also a solid choice to share Nachos are also a solid choice to share amongst your group, too. Now, I might amongst your group, too. Now, I might amongst your group, too. Now, I might place Cletus' Chicken Shack at a close place Cletus' Chicken Shack at a close place Cletus' Chicken Shack at a close second after Bumblebees, cuz nothing second after Bumblebees, cuz nothing second after Bumblebees, cuz nothing offensive is being served up here. Just offensive is being served up here. Just offensive is being served up here. Just fried chicken, chicken and waffles, and fried chicken, chicken and waffles, and fried chicken, chicken and waffles, and comfort foods galore. Crusty Burger is comfort foods galore. Crusty Burger is comfort foods galore. Crusty Burger is going to be at another familiar food going to be at another familiar food going to be at another familiar food icon for even the casual Simpson fans. icon for even the casual Simpson fans. icon for even the casual Simpson fans. Is this the best burger you're going to Is this the best burger you're going to Is this the best burger you're going to eat ever? No. But if you're just here eat ever? No. But if you're just here eat ever? No. But if you're just here for novelty's sake and because you want for novelty's sake and because you want for novelty's sake and because you want to make Crusty the Clown proud of you or to make Crusty the Clown proud of you or to make Crusty the Clown proud of you or something, then go ahead and order a something, then go ahead and order a something, then go ahead and order a Crusty Burger. Just don't expect too Crusty Burger. Just don't expect too Crusty Burger. Just don't expect too much from it. Suds McDuff's Hot Dog much from it. Suds McDuff's Hot Dog much from it. Suds McDuff's Hot Dog House kind of gets pushed to the back House kind of gets pushed to the back House kind of gets pushed to the back burner of all the different offerings, burner of all the different offerings, burner of all the different offerings, but it still continues to be a decent but it still continues to be a decent but it still continues to be a decent option if your kid is absolutely begging option if your kid is absolutely begging option if your kid is absolutely begging for a hot dog or they're in their hot for a hot dog or they're in their hot for a hot dog or they're in their hot dog era and they won't eat anything dog era and they won't eat anything dog era and they won't eat anything else. You can also pick up the Marge else. You can also pick up the Marge else. You can also pick up the Marge cotton candy here. It's a little weird cotton candy here. It's a little weird cotton candy here. It's a little weird that Universal Studios Florida just that Universal Studios Florida just that Universal Studios Florida just keeps wanting to eat characters hair cuz keeps wanting to eat characters hair cuz keeps wanting to eat characters hair cuz we just did that with the trolls. Then we just did that with the trolls. Then we just did that with the trolls. Then there's the Quickie Mart, which has a there's the Quickie Mart, which has a there's the Quickie Mart, which has a mixture of drinks and snacks and other mixture of drinks and snacks and other mixture of drinks and snacks and other little souvenir goodies with the most little souvenir goodies with the most little souvenir goodies with the most noteworthy option being the frozen noteworthy option being the frozen noteworthy option being the frozen squishy slushies. Hot tip here, pick up squishy slushies. Hot tip here, pick up squishy slushies. Hot tip here, pick up the phone right outside the Quickie Mart the phone right outside the Quickie Mart the phone right outside the Quickie Mart cuz one of the characters needs to have cuz one of the characters needs to have cuz one of the characters needs to have a word with you. World Expo is literally a word with you. World Expo is literally a word with you. World Expo is literally known for one attraction and one known for one attraction and one known for one attraction and one attraction only, Men in Black Alien attraction only, Men in Black Alien attraction only, Men in Black Alien Attack. So, if you love point and shooty Attack. So, if you love point and shooty Attack. So, if you love point and shooty rides, here's another one for you to put rides, here's another one for you to put rides, here's another one for you to put on your must do list. This is probably on your must do list. This is probably on your must do list. This is probably one of my favorite point and shooty one of my favorite point and shooty one of my favorite point and shooty rides that we've got in Universal. rides that we've got in Universal. rides that we've got in Universal. Unlike the Villains Con, Alien Attack Unlike the Villains Con, Alien Attack Unlike the Villains Con, Alien Attack isn't going to connect to your Universal isn't going to connect to your Universal isn't going to connect to your Universal Orlando app or anything, but you can Orlando app or anything, but you can Orlando app or anything, but you can still strive to earn the bragging still strive to earn the bragging still strive to earn the bragging rights. Warning though, this ride does rights. Warning though, this ride does rights. Warning though, this ride does spin. You can blast the exhaust ports spin. You can blast the exhaust ports spin. You can blast the exhaust ports throughout different ride scenes to make throughout different ride scenes to make throughout different ride scenes to make other folks spin out. So, if you get other folks spin out. So, if you get other folks spin out. So, if you get motion sickness really easily, board motion sickness really easily, board motion sickness really easily, board this one at your own discretion. Hot tip this one at your own discretion. Hot tip this one at your own discretion. Hot tip here. For the highest scoring targets, here. For the highest scoring targets, here. For the highest scoring targets, be on the lookout for the faraway aliens be on the lookout for the faraway aliens be on the lookout for the faraway aliens popping out of the windows in the popping out of the windows in the popping out of the windows in the training room, Frank the Pug in the training room, Frank the Pug in the training room, Frank the Pug in the newspaper stand, the window aliens in newspaper stand, the window aliens in newspaper stand, the window aliens in the crash site room, and the green eyes the crash site room, and the green eyes the crash site room, and the green eyes peeking out of the bushes in the ambush peeking out of the bushes in the ambush peeking out of the bushes in the ambush room. It's the most immersive as well as room. It's the most immersive as well as room. It's the most immersive as well as the busiest section in all of Universal the busiest section in all of Universal the busiest section in all of Universal Studios Florida. Friends, welcome to Studios Florida. Friends, welcome to Studios Florida. Friends, welcome to Diagon Alley. In each Universal Orlando Diagon Alley. In each Universal Orlando Diagon Alley. In each Universal Orlando park, you'll find a Wizarding World park, you'll find a Wizarding World park, you'll find a Wizarding World section straight from the Harry Potter section straight from the Harry Potter section straight from the Harry Potter film franchise, making you feel like film franchise, making you feel like film franchise, making you feel like you've become part of this realm you've become part of this realm you've become part of this realm yourself. Or you'll just feel really yourself. Or you'll just feel really yourself. Or you'll just feel really like a muggle, not knowing what on earth like a muggle, not knowing what on earth like a muggle, not knowing what on earth you've just gotten yourself into. But you've just gotten yourself into. But you've just gotten yourself into. But just to make sure you don't get them all just to make sure you don't get them all just to make sure you don't get them all confused, Diagon Alley is the wizarding confused, Diagon Alley is the wizarding confused, Diagon Alley is the wizarding world with a big white fireb breathing world with a big white fireb breathing world with a big white fireb breathing dragon on top of a building that houses dragon on top of a building that houses dragon on top of a building that houses the only ride in this section of the the only ride in this section of the the only ride in this section of the park, Harry Potter and the Escape from park, Harry Potter and the Escape from park, Harry Potter and the Escape from Gringots. Escape from Gringots is an Gringots. Escape from Gringots is an Gringots. Escape from Gringots is an indoor 3D roller coaster that takes you indoor 3D roller coaster that takes you indoor 3D roller coaster that takes you down into the Wizarding Bank vaults and down into the Wizarding Bank vaults and down into the Wizarding Bank vaults and face tof face with some of Harry face tof face with some of Harry face tof face with some of Harry Potter's greatest enemies. Honestly, Potter's greatest enemies. Honestly, Potter's greatest enemies. Honestly, this one's worth checking out just for this one's worth checking out just for this one's worth checking out just for the impressive queue alone. Outside of the impressive queue alone. Outside of the impressive queue alone. Outside of this ride, you could easily spend a good this ride, you could easily spend a good this ride, you could easily spend a good chunk of your day in just Diagon Alley chunk of your day in just Diagon Alley chunk of your day in just Diagon Alley alone. You've got backto-back shops, the alone. You've got backto-back shops, the alone. You've got backto-back shops, the Leaky Cauldron Quick Service with Leaky Cauldron Quick Service with Leaky Cauldron Quick Service with British Pub Food of Plenty, and lots of British Pub Food of Plenty, and lots of British Pub Food of Plenty, and lots of spells to cast if that is you purchase spells to cast if that is you purchase spells to cast if that is you purchase one of the interactive wands in one of the interactive wands in one of the interactive wands in Ollivanders or at one of the other Ollivanders or at one of the other Ollivanders or at one of the other Universal shops that sells them. Oh, and Universal shops that sells them. Oh, and Universal shops that sells them. Oh, and butterbeer. There's plenty of butterbeer butterbeer. There's plenty of butterbeer butterbeer. There's plenty of butterbeer you can bet on that hidden gem. If you you can bet on that hidden gem. If you you can bet on that hidden gem. If you model your outfit in the mirror in model your outfit in the mirror in model your outfit in the mirror in Madame Malcin's robes for all occasions, Madame Malcin's robes for all occasions, Madame Malcin's robes for all occasions, you might just get a bit of fashion you might just get a bit of fashion you might just get a bit of fashion advice directly from the mirror itself. advice directly from the mirror itself. advice directly from the mirror itself. And you know, I mentioned earlier that And you know, I mentioned earlier that And you know, I mentioned earlier that there was an ice cream place that I like there was an ice cream place that I like there was an ice cream place that I like a whole lot more than the one offered a whole lot more than the one offered a whole lot more than the one offered over in the Simpsons Land. Yeah, this is over in the Simpsons Land. Yeah, this is over in the Simpsons Land. Yeah, this is where you can find it. Florian and where you can find it. Florian and where you can find it. Florian and Fordscus has a lot of unique soft serve Fordscus has a lot of unique soft serve Fordscus has a lot of unique soft serve flavors to choose from, including banana flavors to choose from, including banana flavors to choose from, including banana and Granny Smith apple and orange and Granny Smith apple and orange and Granny Smith apple and orange marmalade and toffee and strawberries marmalade and toffee and strawberries marmalade and toffee and strawberries and cream and even butterbeer flavored and cream and even butterbeer flavored and cream and even butterbeer flavored ice cream, too. And the best part about ice cream, too. And the best part about ice cream, too. And the best part about this ice cream is the flavor ribbons this ice cream is the flavor ribbons this ice cream is the flavor ribbons around each swirl that make those around each swirl that make those around each swirl that make those flavors really pack a punch. Throughout flavors really pack a punch. Throughout flavors really pack a punch. Throughout the day, you might be able to catch some the day, you might be able to catch some the day, you might be able to catch some of Diagon Ali's openair performances, of Diagon Ali's openair performances, of Diagon Ali's openair performances, like the musical stylings of Celestina like the musical stylings of Celestina like the musical stylings of Celestina Warbeck and the Banshees, or a slightly Warbeck and the Banshees, or a slightly Warbeck and the Banshees, or a slightly eerie puppet show retelling the tales of eerie puppet show retelling the tales of eerie puppet show retelling the tales of Beetle the Bard. And don't forget to Beetle the Bard. And don't forget to Beetle the Bard. And don't forget to chitchat with the night bus driver chitchat with the night bus driver chitchat with the night bus driver outside of King's Cross Station. His outside of King's Cross Station. His outside of King's Cross Station. His little shrunken head buddies got a lot little shrunken head buddies got a lot little shrunken head buddies got a lot to say. But hold up, as long as you're to say. But hold up, as long as you're to say. But hold up, as long as you're near the night bus, you might as well near the night bus, you might as well near the night bus, you might as well take this opportunity to pick up what's take this opportunity to pick up what's take this opportunity to pick up what's quite possibly my favorite savory snack quite possibly my favorite savory snack quite possibly my favorite savory snack in all of Universal Studios Florida, a in all of Universal Studios Florida, a in all of Universal Studios Florida, a jacket potato. Over at the London Taxi jacket potato. Over at the London Taxi jacket potato. Over at the London Taxi Hut, you can find simply executed but Hut, you can find simply executed but Hut, you can find simply executed but still brilliant loaded baked potato still brilliant loaded baked potato still brilliant loaded baked potato offerings like broccoli and cheese and offerings like broccoli and cheese and offerings like broccoli and cheese and beans and cheese and classic loaded beans and cheese and classic loaded beans and cheese and classic loaded potatoes with cheese and bacon bits and potatoes with cheese and bacon bits and potatoes with cheese and bacon bits and sour cream and chives and the shepherd's sour cream and chives and the shepherd's sour cream and chives and the shepherd's pie potato. I know I said that Escape pie potato. I know I said that Escape pie potato. I know I said that Escape from Gringots is the only ride in Diagon from Gringots is the only ride in Diagon from Gringots is the only ride in Diagon Alley, but that's not completely true. Alley, but that's not completely true. Alley, but that's not completely true. Hogwarts Express is both a slowgoing Hogwarts Express is both a slowgoing Hogwarts Express is both a slowgoing Harry Potter themed ride and a Harry Potter themed ride and a Harry Potter themed ride and a functional transportation method that'll functional transportation method that'll functional transportation method that'll help you hop between parks. And that help you hop between parks. And that help you hop between parks. And that means you will actually need to purchase means you will actually need to purchase means you will actually need to purchase a two park one day ticket in order to a two park one day ticket in order to a two park one day ticket in order to ride this one. So have your parkto park ride this one. So have your parkto park ride this one. So have your parkto park ticket out and ready to scan before you ticket out and ready to scan before you ticket out and ready to scan before you get in line. Hot tip here, don't miss get in line. Hot tip here, don't miss get in line. Hot tip here, don't miss Nocturn Alley just cuz you've gotten all Nocturn Alley just cuz you've gotten all Nocturn Alley just cuz you've gotten all distracted by the fire breathing dragon distracted by the fire breathing dragon distracted by the fire breathing dragon sitting on top of Gringot's Bank. sitting on top of Gringot's Bank. sitting on top of Gringot's Bank. Nocturn Alley is home to dark magic Nocturn Alley is home to dark magic Nocturn Alley is home to dark magic shops and sinister secrets. And it's shops and sinister secrets. And it's shops and sinister secrets. And it's actually pretty easy to skip over if actually pretty easy to skip over if actually pretty easy to skip over if you're not looking for it. To enter, you're not looking for it. To enter, you're not looking for it. To enter, you'll want to either head to the you'll want to either head to the you'll want to either head to the entrance right past the Leaky Cauldron entrance right past the Leaky Cauldron entrance right past the Leaky Cauldron or head around to the restrooms on the or head around to the restrooms on the or head around to the restrooms on the back side of the Green Got Dragon. Hm. back side of the Green Got Dragon. Hm. back side of the Green Got Dragon. Hm. If Hollywood was my favorite area If Hollywood was my favorite area If Hollywood was my favorite area earlier, then San Francisco might be my earlier, then San Francisco might be my earlier, then San Francisco might be my least favorite. I don't know. There's least favorite. I don't know. There's least favorite. I don't know. There's just not a whole lot going on over here just not a whole lot going on over here just not a whole lot going on over here nowadays. Though, I will say this is one nowadays. Though, I will say this is one nowadays. Though, I will say this is one of the only places in the park that has of the only places in the park that has of the only places in the park that has a sit-down table service option and a a sit-down table service option and a a sit-down table service option and a fairly decent one at that. So, if you fairly decent one at that. So, if you fairly decent one at that. So, if you like seafood and a whole lot of it, you like seafood and a whole lot of it, you like seafood and a whole lot of it, you might want to check out Lombard Seafood might want to check out Lombard Seafood might want to check out Lombard Seafood Grill. Lombards is themed to look like Grill. Lombards is themed to look like Grill. Lombards is themed to look like an old-timey ship, and its menu serves an old-timey ship, and its menu serves an old-timey ship, and its menu serves up a variety of entre like monstrous up a variety of entre like monstrous up a variety of entre like monstrous lobster rolls and Baja mini tacos and lobster rolls and Baja mini tacos and lobster rolls and Baja mini tacos and crispy fried fish and chips and other crispy fried fish and chips and other crispy fried fish and chips and other seafood stuff. And yeah, that's probably seafood stuff. And yeah, that's probably seafood stuff. And yeah, that's probably my favorite part about this section. You my favorite part about this section. You my favorite part about this section. You got a few other places to grab a bite in got a few other places to grab a bite in got a few other places to grab a bite in San Fran, too, but otherwise this will San Fran, too, but otherwise this will San Fran, too, but otherwise this will mainly serve as your crossover from New mainly serve as your crossover from New mainly serve as your crossover from New York to Diagon Alley or vice versa. York to Diagon Alley or vice versa. York to Diagon Alley or vice versa. There is a ride inside San Fran called There is a ride inside San Fran called There is a ride inside San Fran called Fast and Furious Supercharged, but it's Fast and Furious Supercharged, but it's Fast and Furious Supercharged, but it's made quite the name for itself for all made quite the name for itself for all made quite the name for itself for all the wrong reasons. This is another dark the wrong reasons. This is another dark the wrong reasons. This is another dark simulator ride that takes you on a simulator ride that takes you on a simulator ride that takes you on a high-speed street chase, but not really. high-speed street chase, but not really. high-speed street chase, but not really. It just feels that way because you're It just feels that way because you're It just feels that way because you're surrounded by screens. The most exciting surrounded by screens. The most exciting surrounded by screens. The most exciting part about this ride for us, honestly, part about this ride for us, honestly, part about this ride for us, honestly, is the fact that the queue and ride is the fact that the queue and ride is the fact that the queue and ride building feature actual movie props and building feature actual movie props and building feature actual movie props and cars that were featured in the Fast and cars that were featured in the Fast and cars that were featured in the Fast and Furious films. But, okay, there is Furious films. But, okay, there is Furious films. But, okay, there is actually one other thing I really like actually one other thing I really like actually one other thing I really like about San Fran, and that's the Street about San Fran, and that's the Street about San Fran, and that's the Street Mosphere Beat Builders show. Throughout Mosphere Beat Builders show. Throughout Mosphere Beat Builders show. Throughout the day, the Beat Builders will come out the day, the Beat Builders will come out the day, the Beat Builders will come out and transform their construction site and transform their construction site and transform their construction site equipment into a full-on percussion set. equipment into a full-on percussion set. equipment into a full-on percussion set. And we've made it to New York. New York And we've made it to New York. New York And we've made it to New York. New York is a hodgepodge of stuff, but after my is a hodgepodge of stuff, but after my is a hodgepodge of stuff, but after my recent trip to New York, when I was recent trip to New York, when I was recent trip to New York, when I was doing my Disney Adults book signing, I doing my Disney Adults book signing, I doing my Disney Adults book signing, I was reminded that New York is a was reminded that New York is a was reminded that New York is a hodgepodge of stuff. Hodgepodge of hodgepodge of stuff. Hodgepodge of hodgepodge of stuff. Hodgepodge of overstimulating amazing stuff. Now, overstimulating amazing stuff. Now, overstimulating amazing stuff. Now, you're going to find everything from you're going to find everything from you're going to find everything from Jimmy Fallon to The Mummy here. Oh, and Jimmy Fallon to The Mummy here. Oh, and Jimmy Fallon to The Mummy here. Oh, and if there's ever a big concert going on if there's ever a big concert going on if there's ever a big concert going on in Universal Studios Florida, you'll in Universal Studios Florida, you'll in Universal Studios Florida, you'll find it happening in that giant find it happening in that giant find it happening in that giant amphitheater in the New York area. As amphitheater in the New York area. As amphitheater in the New York area. As you enter the park, just walk straight you enter the park, just walk straight you enter the park, just walk straight past all the Minion stuff and look to past all the Minion stuff and look to past all the Minion stuff and look to your left. You can't miss it. Again, your left. You can't miss it. Again, your left. You can't miss it. Again, we've got some screen rides going on in we've got some screen rides going on in we've got some screen rides going on in New York. Transformers, the ride 3D is a New York. Transformers, the ride 3D is a New York. Transformers, the ride 3D is a most popular option, but what's probably most popular option, but what's probably most popular option, but what's probably even cooler than the ride itself is the even cooler than the ride itself is the even cooler than the ride itself is the fact that you can often meet full fact that you can often meet full fact that you can often meet full Transformer characters outside the Transformer characters outside the Transformer characters outside the attractions building several times attractions building several times attractions building several times throughout the day. Race through New throughout the day. Race through New throughout the day. Race through New York, starring Jimmy Fallon, is the York, starring Jimmy Fallon, is the York, starring Jimmy Fallon, is the other less popular screenbased ride. I other less popular screenbased ride. I other less popular screenbased ride. I tend to like coming here just to see the tend to like coming here just to see the tend to like coming here just to see the queue and all its little night show queue and all its little night show queue and all its little night show exhibits. But perhaps the coolest and exhibits. But perhaps the coolest and exhibits. But perhaps the coolest and spookiest ride in the New York section spookiest ride in the New York section spookiest ride in the New York section is the Revenge of the Mummy indoor is the Revenge of the Mummy indoor is the Revenge of the Mummy indoor coaster. Revenge of the Mummy doesn't coaster. Revenge of the Mummy doesn't coaster. Revenge of the Mummy doesn't have any major drops or upside down have any major drops or upside down have any major drops or upside down spirals, but the music, special effects, spirals, but the music, special effects, spirals, but the music, special effects, and major sharp turns can still make and major sharp turns can still make and major sharp turns can still make this one intense. Hidden gem. As you this one intense. Hidden gem. As you this one intense. Hidden gem. As you make your way through the Revenge of the make your way through the Revenge of the make your way through the Revenge of the Mummy Q, take a close look at the Mummy Q, take a close look at the Mummy Q, take a close look at the Egyptian hieroglyphics on the walls. Egyptian hieroglyphics on the walls. Egyptian hieroglyphics on the walls. Many of them spell out real warnings. Many of them spell out real warnings. Many of them spell out real warnings. Best you heed them or else. Now, I Best you heed them or else. Now, I Best you heed them or else. Now, I always suggest that if you have a Bria, always suggest that if you have a Bria, always suggest that if you have a Bria, you take it with you on this ride so you take it with you on this ride so you take it with you on this ride so that it can warn you when the scary that it can warn you when the scary that it can warn you when the scary stuff is coming. That's what I always stuff is coming. That's what I always stuff is coming. That's what I always like to do. Now, when it comes to food, like to do. Now, when it comes to food, like to do. Now, when it comes to food, this is where the other sitown this is where the other sitown this is where the other sitown restaurant of the park is located. restaurant of the park is located. restaurant of the park is located. Finnegan's Bar and Grill is a cozy Irish Finnegan's Bar and Grill is a cozy Irish Finnegan's Bar and Grill is a cozy Irish pub that serves beer on top and comfort pub that serves beer on top and comfort pub that serves beer on top and comfort food galore. And if you're lucky, you food galore. And if you're lucky, you food galore. And if you're lucky, you might even get to dine in here while might even get to dine in here while might even get to dine in here while there's live music going on. Warning there's live music going on. Warning there's live music going on. Warning though, Finnegan's Bar and Grill at though, Finnegan's Bar and Grill at though, Finnegan's Bar and Grill at Universal Studios Florida will be Universal Studios Florida will be Universal Studios Florida will be temporarily closed beginning on January temporarily closed beginning on January temporarily closed beginning on January renovations. While we don't have an renovations. While we don't have an renovations. While we don't have an official reopening date for it just yet, official reopening date for it just yet, official reopening date for it just yet, it sounds like the restaurant will be it sounds like the restaurant will be it sounds like the restaurant will be closed for the majority of the year. So, closed for the majority of the year. So, closed for the majority of the year. So, I wouldn't really rely on this one if I I wouldn't really rely on this one if I I wouldn't really rely on this one if I were you. Now, hot tip, the New York were you. Now, hot tip, the New York were you. Now, hot tip, the New York area also features the Blues Brothers area also features the Blues Brothers area also features the Blues Brothers show throughout the day. So, if you're show throughout the day. So, if you're show throughout the day. So, if you're desperate for a soulman montage, check desperate for a soulman montage, check desperate for a soulman montage, check out their show times and head for the out their show times and head for the out their show times and head for the alleyway located between Finnegan's and alleyway located between Finnegan's and alleyway located between Finnegan's and Auntie's Pretzels. Okay, friends, let me Auntie's Pretzels. Okay, friends, let me Auntie's Pretzels. Okay, friends, let me know what questions you still have about know what questions you still have about know what questions you still have about going to Universal Orlando in 2026 going to Universal Orlando in 2026 going to Universal Orlando in 2026 because I am ready to make some more because I am ready to make some more because I am ready to make some more Universal videos for you, and I hope Universal videos for you, and I hope Universal videos for you, and I hope you're ready to watch them, too. In the you're ready to watch them, too. In the you're ready to watch them, too. In the meantime, check out some of our other meantime, check out some of our other meantime, check out some of our other Universal videos. They're already up on Universal videos. They're already up on Universal videos. They're already up on the channel, like our 50 mistakes to the channel, like our 50 mistakes to the channel, like our 50 mistakes to avoid in Universal Orlando video. And avoid in Universal Orlando video. And avoid in Universal Orlando video. And don't forget to download our free don't forget to download our free don't forget to download our free Universal Hotel guide if you haven't Universal Hotel guide if you haven't Universal Hotel guide if you haven't already over at already over at already over at disneyfoodblog.com/universal disneyfoodblog.com/universal disneyfoodblog.com/universal ranks. Thanks for listening everyone and ranks. Thanks for listening everyone and ranks. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is thanks for watching. As always, this is thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real soon.
