---
video_id: Hbzm_1Qy3jY
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Disney World's TOP SECRET Food Hacks"
published: 2026-04-02
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hbzm_1Qy3jY
---
menu items, the best happy hour deals, and tried and tested Disney World restaurant tips. We're doing some deep cuts for the magical dining scene today to bring you our favorite food and restaurant hacks here on DFB Guide. And please, please stay tuned. Don't think you know all of these because you don't. I learned a lot. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. So, eating around Disney World, I don't know. It's been a passion of mine, I guess, even before Disney food blog was ever a thought. This Disney dining stuff is fascinating. New restaurants, limited time snacks, disappearing entrepions. Things are constantly changing here, but over time, the DFB team and I have been able to collect quite the inventory of Disney dining hacks that we like to use on the daily, and we thought maybe you would want to use these for your upcoming vacations, too. So, secret menus around Disney World are very unpredictable. In fact, this whole video was supposed to be about secret menus. But, there aren't enough secret menus going on in Disney World to create a whole video right now because they come and go. So, that's why this turned into hacks, which actually is much, much better because there's so much good stuff in here. But anyway, back to the first point. Secret menus. If you're on the hunt for an off-men surprise, nothing is ever fully guaranteed, but asking about potential secret menu items at these restaurants might increase your chances of finding a special something that nobody else knows about. Skipper Canteen and Magic Kingdom has been the most reliable when it comes to secret menu stuff, thanks to its off-men Brazilian cheese bread, the Powasio. But we've also been able to find other secret stuff here in the past, like secret menu cocktails and pork saté skewers. Cinderella's Royal Table recently has been offering up a Cinderella white chocolate slipper dessert that you can't find on the menu. Though, it will cost you a pretty penny on top of your prefix meal price. That said, if you really want to surprise your little princess, or if you're doing some sort of a proposal or something like that, this could be a very cool addition to the meal. Lava Delta Gila at Epcot always seems to have something up their sleeve when it comes to off-men items, but that can be the case for several bars around property. If you ask the bartenders to surprise you with a concoction that they've come up with themselves, they could very well do just that. And it's usually pretty incredible. I still think about a super yummy like spiked hot chocolate that a Daabar bartender made for me probably 20 years ago. It was amazing. It was a rainy cold day in Disney World and that was just what I needed. Gideon's Bake House in Disney Springs has the occasional secret cake slice on offer or maybe a secret snack, too. But in order to actually get it, you'll need to know the secret password, which will be dropped on Gideon's social media pages. Jack Lindsay's Hanger Bar, also in Disney Springs, typically has four different secret menu cocktails available. Ask about the Lucky Lindy, the Bully Mammoth, the Starry Night Mojito, and the Oxygen Tank. Sometimes Disney Springs locations will drop secret menus that you'll only be able to find on their mobile apps. Check places like Deluxe Burger and Vive Gelato for potential secret stuff. The gray Nissan at Chef Art Smith's homecoming is just a mix between their blue hooch and strawberry lemonade moonshine. It's not beautiful, it's just gray, but it sure is good. The Shadow at Belleview Lounge and Boardwalk Inn has been a longtime secret venue favorite of ours. It's a mixture of shamboard, gdiva, chocolate leour, vanilla vodka, and heavy cream. And lately, Territory Lounge over in Wilderness Lodge has been serving up a few off-men items that come straight from neighboring table service restaurants, like the mushroom bisque from Storybook Dining at Artist Point, the barbecue pork ribs from Whispering Canyon Cafe, and Whispering Canyon Pioneer Chocolate Cake, too. But wait, there's more. You want Polynesian Village's famous Ohana noodles and Ohana bread pudding, minus the Ohana price tag. The neighboring Tamboo Lounge tends to offer up both of these ohana delicacies and some other sometimes they have the chicken wings too as off-men alloc cart items usually after 400 p.m. here's a money-saving dining hack that comes straight from our free Disney World planning worksheets. There is the chance that while you're at a quick service location, you can ask for the side to be left off of your entree and you'll quite possibly be able to receive that entree for a few bucks less if you don't want the side. Now, I'm seeing chance and possibly a lot here because there's no guarantee that this is going to work 100% of the time. But if you were planning on ordering your quick service meal in person anyways versus mobile ordering it, this could be worth asking about. This is also a tactic you can use on those fancy cocktails that you've been eyeballing. Some lounges and quick service restaurants will let you order specialty drinks minus the glow cubes or specialty cups or I don't know the pineapple to knock down the price by a couple of dollars. And if you're at a lounge that hand makes all their cocktails versus using a premixed blend, you might also be able to request that a cocktails made virgin to knock down the price by over half of what it would normally cost if it were made with booze. Again, let me reemphasize this. These money-saving tactics are not a guarantee, but the DFB team and I have been able to use these for many, many, many years at most quick service locations and lounges for a fairly high success rate. If you want to learn more about money-saving Disney World tips and you want to grab some fill-in-theblank park itineraries and packing lists and easy to follow planning timelines and more, scan the QR code you see on the screen now or click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/discoplans and we can send you our free Disney World planning worksheets right away. Why just order a cocktail when you could put the power in your own bartending hands? Tucked away inside Grandino Tower and over at the Barcelona Lounge at Coronado Springs Resort, there's a build your own gin and tonic experience that nobody knows about. First, you get to choose your tonic, ranging from options like the Mediterranean, the aromatic, the bitter lemon, or the elderflower. And then you get to choose your gin. Though each tonic will have a list of recommended gins that'll best complement the flavors. The DFP veterans out there already know how much I love a good dipping sauce. But if you're new here, hi, I'm AJ. And no meal is complete without a good dipping sauce. Not even chicken tenders. Got to dress those up. Thankfully, Disney World is a place where ample sauce opportunities exist. It's like, I don't know, a theme park of sauces. Some sweet, some savory, some free, and some for an extra cost. But I'm going to hone in on Magic Kingdom specifically today to show you where the best sauces here are located. Cuz if I tried to do everywhere, we would just be here for about 17 hours. But this is crucial information for you sauce lovers like me out there. Not just because you can use those sauces at the restaurants that they come from, but you can also pick up these sauces and take them to other Magic Kingdom quick services and snack kiosks to do your own little sweet savory custom combos as you desire. Note, not all of these sauces will be available for you to tack onto a mobile order, so you may have to ask about them in person or check the restaurant's condiment station. Okay, here we go. for sweet sauces and icings. My favorite. The Plaza Ice Cream Parlor on Main Street USA has hot fudge and caramel toppings you can pick up for an extra 69. Sometimes they also have peanut butter sauce here, which is my personal favorite when it's available. I think right now it's there. Gaston's Tavern in Fantasy Land is our favorite place to pick up a warm cinnamon roll during the day, but you can always request a cup of extra icing to go with it, which you might be charged a few extra cents for, but there's also the possibility they'll give you the extra cup for free. You never know. And Sleepy Hollow Refreshments over in Liberty Square, which is best known for its loaded waffles and funnel cakes, gives you the option to purchase more servings of hazelnut spread, that's Nutella, and banana slices, each just a dollar extra. Heck, I'm just going to go spend two bucks and get a bunch of bananas with a bunch of Nutella on it. That sounds like a great snack to me. Now, for the best melty plastic cheese, don't be fooled. Many Mickey pretzels sold around property will claim that they have cheese sauce that goes along with your purchase, but this isn't real plastic cheese that I talk about all the time. This is going to be a cold like coagulated gross cheese that's fine and it's better than nothing, my friends, but not anything like the golden hot liquidy ballpark plastic cheese goodness that you're going to get from Casey's Corner over on Main Street USA. The Casey's cheese will cost you an extra buck, but it'll probably be the best dollar you've ever spent. Posil Talltale in a cafe also has a melty cheese worth melting for, as Olaf would put it. But this melty cheese is white queso, also for a dollar extra. Pigosville also has guacamole dipping sauce that you can purchase, but that'll be 250 because guac is bougie, right? Remember when the guac was free at Posville? That was awesome, right? Man, that was a long time ago. I am aging myself now. For savory condiments beyond ketchup and mustard, Columbia Harbor House in Liberty Square has free tartar sauces and vinegars that you can grab to go along with your surf and turf, or that you can carry on over to another quick service to spruce up whatever entree you'll get over there instead. These items can be picked up from the condiments bar along with others like ketchup and mayo, mustard, honey mustard, barbecue sauce, salt, and pepper. And here's kind of a random one, but if you're looking for quick service side cups of soup to dip sandwiches or whatever you want into, because let's be real here, soup is just a more socially acceptable dip that you can eat with a spoon. Pinocchio Village House has a tomato basil soup that's pretty good that you can purchase for under five bucks. And back over at Columbia Harbor House, you can get a side order of New England clam chowder for under $7. Now, if you want us to do a sauce breakdown for the rest of the parks and for the hotels and for Disney Springs for you, please let me know in the comments because I would love to make that happen. Well, Bria and I would love to make that happen. You might already know that Disney Springs has lots of restaurants that offer happy hours throughout the week, giving you the chance to save money on booze and bites at certain times during the day. And if you didn't know that, well, congratulations. Now you do. But what are the best foodbased deals that you can actually get at some of these happy hour locations? Let's break it down to make sure you're really saving the most money possible. Barbecue ribs at House of Blues will usually cost you 20 bucks for a half rack or 30 for a whole rack. But during happy hour at the bar from Monday to Thursday from open to 5:00 p.m., you can get an appetizer order of the sticky barbecue ribs for just 12 bucks. The Patas Braavas is one of my favorite things to order at HO because they're made with fried potatoes and tomato sauce and spicy ioli and the good stuff. And usually they'd cost you $15 to tack on to your meal. But during sangria hour, which happens at the bar daily from 11:30 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., you can get the patatas braas here for $5 instead. That's even cheaper than you can get them from the attached quick service Pepe. The monumental pretzel from the Edison typically costs 16 bucks on the app menu, but when you come here for happy hour Monday to Friday, 3:00 to 6:00 p.m., it'll cost 12. Now, this will not be the only time in today's video when I talk about an item that comes straight from Martini Hour, offered at Summerhouse on the Lake. Martini Hour happens Monday through Friday from 3 to 6:00 p.m. at their bar only. And during this time, you can get a lobby cut tavern style cheese pizza for $12 when it usually costs 20. Cityworks Eery and Pore House has a sliders and suds combo that they offer during their happy hour on Monday to Friday from 3:00 to 5:00 pm. For just 13.95, you're going to get two sliders with cheddar, candied bacon, iceberg lettuce, tomato, and red onion, a side of crispy fries, and a 14oz domestic beer of your choice. Now, normally an order of classic sliders costs you just under $17. A side o of fries will cost seven and a 14oz domestic beer costs 9 coming to a total before tax and tip of $33. So yeah, this is a great meal deal. Okay, now brace yourself for this one. At STK Orlando, you're going to pay $39 per ounce for the Japanese A5 Wagu Strip, right? But if you go to STK for happy hour in the lounge, at the bar, or out on the outdoor patio, you can get appetizer sized STK items for three, six, or $9. And that includes a Japanese A5 Wagu taco for just 9 bucks. Happy hours at STK happen Monday to Friday from 2:30 to 6:30 p.m. Weekends from 2:30 to 5:30 p.m. and late night Sunday to Thursday from 10:00 p.m. to close. This was just a teeny tiny peek into the vast world of Disney Springs happy hours, but we've got the whole kitten kaboodleoodle of them featured inside our DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining. So, if you're really ready to head into all of the super good deals, I didn't even talk about the bottomless truffle fries. You're going to find that at the DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining. So, go ahead and take a look at that over at dfbstore.com. It is amazing. We spend tons of time on it. We update it multiple times a year. You're going to love it. I promise. But I will also give you a money back guarantee in case you don't. We always want you to be happy here at DFB. We don't ever want you to buy something you don't like. A lot of folks don't realize that you have more say in your mobile order entree than you realize. So, let me walk you through the steps on how to adjust your mobile orders to your liking cuz a lot of people won't even try. Open your My Disney Experience app. Press the plus sign at the bottom and select order food. Choose your park. Find your quick service location and begin your order. Let's order food from Backlot Express from Hollywood Studios. If I order, say, the smoked barbecue pulled pork burger, I can choose my quantity, my side, including fries or apple slices or even buffalo fries for a $2 upcharge. And then I can toggle the customize your selection option, which allows me to take off any of those main toppings I'd rather not include. And then you add to order. Once you're ready to check out, hit the view my order button, which will show you all your food items, including their customizations. After you're completely satisfied, you can hit the review order summary page, which is where you'll see all the Disney dining plan credits applied if you're using the DDP, that is. Otherwise, it'll show you your payment total due. Remember, if you are using the Disney dining plan, don't forget to add all the elements you're paying for with those credits. A quick service credit covers not just your entree, but also a drink. And if you're 21 and over, this includes alcoholic drinks as well. One of the benefits of going to a buffet style or family style restaurant is the bottomless aspect of it. You pay a certain amount of money per person to get as much food as you want during your meal. The downside though is the price. Fortunately, Disney World offers other refillable stuff that allows you to pay a much cheaper price for them upfront, but still have access to the bottomless style perk. And here's where you're going to find them. Looking for bottomless boozy brunch drinks? The most noteworthy Disney Springs restaurant that offers these sort of options without paying any sort of prefix food price forum first is House of Blues with their bottomless mimosas and Bloody Marys for $22 per person during Saturday and Sunday mornings only from 10 to 2. Also at Disney Springs, you can buy the Homecoming Squeeze bottles and refill them at both Homecoming and Splitsville. While you'll be paying about the same price as you normally would for the booze at each location, the squeeze bottles give you more ounces for your buck, making them a better deal if you plan on using them over and over again. Wine Bar George often has a similar deal going on. If you buy a corksicle, you can get a frozen drink of choice for no extra cost. Sometimes Wine Bar George's attached quick service window, the basket, will have these deals on offer, too. But it's not always a guarantee. After you pay for your initial Disney World popcorn bucket purchase, you can get refillable popcorn across every park at select snack kiosks all trip long for just 250 each. You can even refill your bucket with the special maple popcorn from Epcot's Canada Pavilion. Not every Disney World quick service has a refillable soda option. They're literally MIA all throughout Magic Kingdom, but the restaurants with the Coca-Cola Freestyle machines will give you at least a limited number of refills. While some quick service soda machines that don't have the black tray refill sensors will give you an endless amount of soda refills while you're eating there. We've got a full list of refill stations available across Disney World that you can check out on our DFB website. I'll go ahead and post the link down in the description for you. But just to give you a springboard to work with, some of our favorite spots to find the endless soda refills, and satiate my soda goblin include Backlot Express at Hollywood Studios, Sunshine Seasons in Epcot and Satuli Canteen in Animal Kingdom. It's also not a bad idea to ask about getting a free refill, even if you don't see a soda fountain option available. While not every quick service location has the free refill option, a few select do. For example, we've gotten free PIB extra refills in the past at places like Rosy's All-American Cafe at Hollywood Studios. And of course, we can't forget about the refillable resort mugs. You'll pay a set price per mug, and then you'll have them to use for free refills across certain quick service locations featured all throughout the Disney hotels. And yes, even if you buy your mug at a certain hotel, you can now use it at any other hotel as well. The Disney World water parks also have their own free refill mugs available for purchase that you can use all day long during your Blizzard Beach or Typhoon Lagoon Day. Good news, it is super easy to stay hydrated in Disney World thanks to all the places you can fill up on free water these days. And more good news, despite Florida Water's rather swampy reputation, most of the free water around the parks is filtered, tasty, cold water. Bad news though, that's not 100% true for all the free water. So, we're going to make sure you get the best water by showing you the places the DFB team tends to make a beline towards anytime we're in need of some cold, refreshing H2O. Cuz, you know, we're in those parks every single day all year long. And that includes those absolutely debilitatingly humid, hot summer days. So, our team pretty much knows where they're going to go to get their water. First things first, got to give a shout out to the quick service locations. Water cups are always free here, and you'll be getting water straight out of the purified soda fountains. So, if all else fails, the quick services should always be a reliable safety net for you. During Orlando's particularly scorching days, like throughout the summer, some quick services will actually have free water cups already poured and waiting for you to pick up toward the front of the restaurant to save you time from having to wait in line to ask for them. So before you go all the way into a quick service, check and see if there are some pre-filled water cups already waiting for you to grab and go. Spice Road Table over in Epcot has consistently offered up a self-s served water pitcher that you can find just as soon as you step inside right next to the host stand. You don't even need to have reservations for the restaurant or sit at the bar to fill up a cup. Baseline Tap House inside Hollywood Studios also has a similar self-s served water pitcher next to their bar. Just be respectful and refrain from trying to fill up your reusable water bottle at these sorts of spots. There are plenty of refillable water stations specifically made for your water bottle. So, just use the cups provided when that you go up to these big water refill jugs at the spice road table or baseline. Speaking of which, if you're looking for the best water bottle refill stations with the best tasting and coldest and most refreshing water, here are the stations our DFB reporters recommend. In Magic Kingdom, the refill station at Cosmic Ray Starlight Cafe over in Tomorrowland has been a swing and a miss before, but it tends to have better water more often than not nowadays. But if it does come out warmer than you would have liked, you can always ask the Cosmic Rays cast members for a free cup of ice. In Epcot, you'll have the most refillable stations to choose from. But our top options are World Celebration locations. So, the one inside Connections Cafe and Eery and the one in Communicor Plaza outside the bathrooms near the Encanto stage. In Hollywood Studios, most of your refill options are going to be stationed inside Galaxy's Edge. I've personally found the most success with the water station in the Black Spire Marketplace area. You know, the one with the Dionogga in it closest to the bathroom. And in Animal Kingdom, we tend to prefer the water refill station near Flameree Barbecue. Though the ones inside the Pandora Ride cues for Flight of Passage and Na'vi River Journey are highly convenient. You can find out what water bottle refill stations are closest to you by opening up the My Disney Experience app and typing water bottle refill stations into the search bar. You'll get a little map that pops up that shows you all of them. When it comes to making advanced dining reservations 60 days before your trip, you don't want to mess around. So, here's how to make sure your restaurant preferences are even easier to access on your My Disney Experience app before the clock strikes ADR. First up, you're going to open up your My Disney Experience app and summon the Disney Genie. Yep, this guy's still around. He just doesn't sell you Lightning Lanes anymore. Instead, he's a free tool that helps you keep track of your must dos and make suggestions to build your park itineraries. That goes for theme park dining, too. After you select the day you're visiting and the park you're visiting, you'll be led to a top picks page where you can plug in your attraction must dos as well as your dining must dos. Toggle your top picks and then press continue. Disney is going to keep track of those top choices for you. Then when it's time for you to start making advanced dining reservations, all you have to do is go to my plans, tap the hungry option, and your dining top picks will be listed out for you right there. Easy ADR access. Sure, you could splurge on a restaurant with Magic Kingdom fireworks views and maybe even VIP viewing, too. But if you want the absolute cheapest way to get dinner and a happily ever after show, you're going to want to go to none other than the most expensive resort on property, Grand Fian Resort and Spa. Grand Fian's Quick Service, Gasprilla Island Grill, has an outdoor seating area that's first come, first served. If you get here early enough, you can grab a cheaper meal or at least a full container of the house-made mac and cheese, which is my all-time favorite, and then watch the show from those outdoor tables with the music piped in and everything. We've got a full list of table service restaurants that offer fireworks views inside the 101 section of our DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining. So, if you've already got that purchased and downloaded, turn to chapter 18, which is all about restaurants with entertainment, and you can find the full list there, complete with restaurant locations, price points, and all those need to know details that you only know if you've been there. I mean, it's right there in the title of this point. Instead of waiting in a long line at popular sweet stops like Main Street Confectionary in Magic Kingdom or Caramel Cusha in Epcot, consider mobile ordering from these locations instead. And bonus hack for all you annual passholders out there. Since confectionaries are considered gift shops, you'll also get a 20% discount when you order at these places, which will automatically be applied to your mobile order, just as long as your annual pass is set up on your My Disney Experience account. I've quickly grown to adore Wulu Bar and Grill at Polynesian Village Resorts Disney Vacation Club Island Tower. And apparently everyone else feels the same way cuz when Lulu first opened, it was a first come, first- serve location. But due to its popularity, you can now make advanced dining reservations to guarantee your seat here, starting 60 days before your visit, just like most table service restaurants on property. But those reservations book up big time. Now, if you're just trying to grab a space here for those beachy vibes and Magic Kingdom fireworks views, then your best bet is to still grab reservations as soon as you can or keep checking on last minute availability that might pop up for you on the day of. But if you're like me and one of the key reasons you're coming here is to get the island inspired entre including what I believe is one of the best burgers on property, the Wayfinder Burger, you can still eat here minus any sort of reservation needed by using Wulu's to- go option on the My Disney Experience app. Yep, that's right. A limited number of Disney's hotel table service locations have mobile carry out options. And that goes for H Lulu, too. So, while you might not be able to enjoy your meal at the restaurant itself, you can still take your burger like right outside the restaurant for a little Disney picnic. There's a lot of people that hang out right outside because there's great views of the fireworks right there. If you want to see the full list of table service to go options, just type in to go into the My Disney Experience app search engine. I won't get into all the nitty-gritty of the Disney dining plan today since we have lots of DFB videos and guide books that can walk you through all the details if you want them, but just to give you the sparknotes version, the Disney dining plan allows you to prepay for your meals before your trip. So instead of having to pay for everything out of pocket once you're there, you'll just use your allotted Disney dining plan credits to cover the cost instead. There are two types of Disney dining plans you could potentially invest in. the quick service plan where you'll get an aotted amount of credits to use toward quick services only and the standard plan where you'll get one quick service credit and one table service credit that you can use per day. Now, once you've got these credits, you can spend them whenever you want. You don't have to use one per day if you'd rather double or triple up. And that might be the case for your group if you choose to go to a nicer table service restaurant that has a two credit cost. That being said, there are some nicer restaurants that with just a little extra planning on your end, you can skip having to pay two credits for and only pay one credit instead. I know they do not publicize this, my friends. That's why we're telling you. For instance, Morioto Asia over at Disney Springs costs two credits if you want to eat here during dinner, but it'll only cost you one if you eat here during lunch. Even though the menus are very, very similar and the vibes are exactly the same. And on a similar note, the character dining experience Aceruse Royal Banquet Hall in Epcot is a two credit meal during lunch and dinner, but a one credit meal during breakfast is a huge deal. And while yes, the all you care to enjoy family style food will be different between these two meals, the princess meet and greet part of this restaurant won't change a bit, and that's probably why you're going anyway. You could probably already guess that big holiday seasons like around Halloween and Christmas are going to be good times to track down a bunch of limited time food and drink offerings around property, right? But some seasons that are way more under the radar also bring with them a bunch of exclusive snacks across the parks as well as the hotels in Disney Springs. We talk about these in more detail throughout the seasonal flavors and events chapter of our DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining, but just to highlight a few of the really, really, really unexpected ones for you right now, Animal Kingdom gets really big into Earth Day during the month of April. Not only because Animal Kingdom loves Earth Day, but also because Earth Day is the park's birthday, too. Typically starting up in July, Disney Springs has a flavors of Florida event where restaurants and snack stops offer limited time food and beverages inspired by the sunshine state. Towards the end of August, you can celebrate World Princess Week by tracking down a lot of fun royally inspired goodies and snacks, which will only be available for that week only. And during Thanksgiving, select restaurants will actually transform their menus to offer a limited time Thanksgiving meal. So, you don't have to worry about missing out on the traditional turkey and hot rolls just because you're celebrating at the most magical place on earth. Of course, they're going to make turkey for you. While there's no official confirmations about which Disney World restaurants offer Thanksgiving feasts every year, last year we found them at locations like Whispering Canyon Cafe at Wilderness Lodge, Alen and Compass Yach Club, Steakhouse 71 at Contemporary, and SA at Animal Kingdom Lodge. Most of the hotel restaurants are going to do that for you. Whatever your food preferences and wherever you decide you want to make a dining priority during your next Disney World vacation, we are here to help you out. So, be sure to check out some of our other Disney World dining videos next, like the best things to eat in Disney World in 2026. And don't forget to download those free DFB planning worksheets if you haven't already over at disneyfoodblog.com/dplans. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog, and we'll see you real soon.
