---
video_id: EYbBp3qW6rM
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Magic Kingdom Rides and Attractions in 2026"
published: 2026-03-15
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYbBp3qW6rM
---
Today is all about the rides, the shows, and the characters in Disney World's Magic Kingdom. So, join us for a trip around this fan favorite park to ride, see, and do it all. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. This is Magic Kingdom, the Disney World park with the most rides, the most animatronicled stage productions, and the most attractions for all ages. So, join us as we explore each Magic Kingdom land to check out their shows, characters, and rides, broken up between those with and without height requirements, and make sure to keep track of all your mustdos as we go along. If you want help keeping all those must dos organized as you jot them down, go ahead and scan the QR code you see on the screen right now or click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/discoplans after this and we can send you our free Disney World planning worksheets that should do wonders for keeping your park priorities in check. We're going to start, of course, in Main Street USA. Main Street USA might not have any thrill rides that you'll need to put on the top of your priority list, but that doesn't mean there aren't any attractions in this turn of the century front of parkland. Now, there aren't rides per se in Main Street USA, but there are transportation methods you can hop aboard. In the mornings or early afternoons, you can make your way towards Cinderella Castle in a horsedrawn trolley, double-deck or omnibus. That one's my favorite, the Jity, or the Main Street Fire Engine number 71. Because of course, 1971 is when Magic Kingdom opened. Or you can take a vehicle back towards Town Square from the Cinderella Castle Hub. Here's a pro tip for you. If you want to visit with the Main Street USA horses for a little bit longer during your vacation, take a boat or bus over to Fort Wilderness and pay them a visit at the Tric Circle D Ranch, which is absolutely free to go check out. And then there's the Walt Disney World Railroad, which has a station right above Magic Kingdom's park entrance. Normally, there are three stations the steam train will take you to around the park, a Fantasy Land station, and a Frontier Land station in addition to Main Street, but since Frontier Land is in major construction mode right now, that particular station is closed until further notice. Now, instead of making a full loop around the park, the train operates in shuttle mode right now between Main Street USA and Fantasy Land. The live show offerings and streets sphere in Main Street, USA are really where this land shines. Usually, you can expect a couple different stage shows to happen in front of Cinderella Castle each day. Let the Magic Begin is the park opening show. Just a little something to get you hyped for the big day ahead of you. And Mickey's Magical Friendship Fair is a musical performance led by Mickey, Minnie, and other classic Fab Five members who are joined by even more beloved characters like friends from the Princess and the Frog, Rapunzel, and Frozen. This show takes place several times throughout the day. Typically, if there's something going on around the castle, like, I don't know, construction or huge transformative paint job. Maybe times for both of these daytime shows are subject to change. So, keep an eye on the My Disney Experience app for updated show schedules. If you're looking for a bit of streetphere to brighten up an already bright and chipper day, pay a visit to the Casey's Corner pianist right outside the Casey's Corner quick service. They'll play some classic Disney songs with a ragtime spin and even take some of your requests, too. The Dapper Dans make their rounds throughout Main Street USA in the morning and early afternoon. So, be sure to catch this iconic barberh shop quartet for at least a song or two. Though, the whole set is worth sticking around for if you've got the time. Now, if you're there in the early morning, you might see them coming down Main Street USA on the trolley singing their hearts out. If you always wanted to see the Main Street Philarmonic, this 12piece band plays their Disney tunes inside the park. Much like the Casey's Corner pianist, this ensemble has many showtime opportunities during the day, and they often take requests, too. And rounding out the streetphere here on Main Street, the daily flag retreat ceremony takes place at 5:00 p.m. in Town Square as the American flag is retired for the evening by members of the color guard. These members will pass the flag to a chosen guest veteran of the day followed by a procession on down Main Street. It's actually a really touching and beautiful ceremony, well worth a watch. And now let's talk about the big three shows. Festival of Fantasy, Disney Starlight, Dream the Night Away, and Happily Ever After. Festival of Fantasy and Disney Starlight are both Disney parades, but Festival happens during the day and Starlight at night. The Festival of Fantasy Parade actually starts in Frontier Land and makes its way through Liberty Square and then has its grand finale in Main Street, USA, while Disney Starlight does the exact opposite. It starts on Main Street, wraps through Liberty Square, and ends in Frontier Land. If you want to watch either parade on Main Street, USA, expect the crowds to be a whole lot bigger than they will be in Frontier Land in Liberty Square. It's a good idea to stake out your parade viewing spot here 30 minutes before the show begins, especially if you're looking for a spot that also has a good view of Cinderella Castle. You might also want to prioritize going to the second showing of the day versus the first for fewer crowds. So, you'll definitely want to look at the forecast ahead of time before committing to this strategy since rain can cancel these performances. Happily Ever After is the nighttime Cinderella Castle projection and fireworks performance that you've probably seen posted on social media a zillion times. Again, you're going to want to stake out your spot to get a good view of the whole show down Main Street, USA, like 30 to 45 minutes ahead of the performance. But if you don't mind skipping the projections, the happily ever after fireworks and music can be seen and heard from lots of areas around Magic Kingdom. You can even go behind Cinderella Castle, like back in Fantasy Land or from various other outdoor POVs. Want to meet the mouse who started it all? Of course you do. Mickey is all dressed up as his magical self over in the Town Square Theater, which is next to Tony's Town Square restaurant to your right just as you enter the park. This tends to be one of Mickey's busier meet and greet destinations, so I'd recommend getting to this one earlier in the day versus later in the afternoon or even saving your Mickey meet and greet for another park where the lines for him might be shorter. Average wait time for Mickey 30 to 40 minutes. At the Town Square Theater porch, you can often meet various Disney princesses like Snow White, Mulan, Elena of Avalor, and others who might decide to pay a visit that day. Check and see the full list of characters who will be in Magic Kingdom on the day of your visit via the My Disney Experience app. Adventure Land is home to some rather classic Disney World attractions, both in the boat ride world and the animatronic stage show world. Great news everybody. All the rides in Adventureland can be ridden by everyone. So grab your little ones and older folks and hop on board. On the Jungle Cruise, you'll have a dedicated and very punny Jungle Cruise skipper guiding you along the rivers of Asia, Africa, and South America, where you're going to see plenty of animatronic elephants and tigers and hippos, and more in the wild, along with unforgettable sites like the eighth wonder of the world, the backside of water. Average wait time here about 35 to 45 minutes. Meanwhile, over at Pirates of the Caribbean, you can join fellow scoundrels and scallywags as you sail through the pillaged and plundered waters of this classic attraction. Little side note for you. While the majority of this ride is very slowgoing, the start of it does have a tiny little dip that might splash you with water depending on where you're sitting. So, just prepare your kiddos for that. It's not a bad drop, but it is a little jarring and it's in the dark. And the average weight time here is about 10 to 20 minutes. The magic carpets of Aladdin take you over, sideways, and under, or at least up and down on a magic carpet ride. This is basically the Aladdin version of Dumbo the Flying Elephant, except camels sometimes spit on you. True Disney magic right there. Average weight time about 10 to 20 minutes. And while the Swiss Family Treehouse isn't a ride, I figure I should mention it somewhere. Much like the Swiss Family Robinson film, this is a six-story open air abode created after the family shipwrecked on a tropical island. So that means this walkthrough will take you all around the family's kitchen and library bedrooms and all the way to the top to give you a rather unique vantage point of the park. Speaking of, this can be a great place to watch the fireworks. Now, there's one show that takes place in Adventure Land, and it's one of the most famous Disney shows of all time. Walt Disney's Enchanted Tiki Room. Inside the tiki room, you'll join the virtuoso and rather sassy Jose, Michael, Fritz, and Pierre along with hundreds of other audio animatronic birds, flowers, and tiki heads. This show is a pretty big deal, not just because the birds sing words in the flowers prune, but also because it was the first attraction to officially feature audio animatronics technology, specifically developed by Walt and Wed Enterprises. Average wait time is 5 to 15 minutes. Don't wait any longer than that. If you'd rather meet Captain Jack Sparrow in person versus just passing by his animatronic in the Pirates of the Caribbean attraction, he makes regular appearances right outside the ride. But you'll definitely need to refer to your handydandy My Disney Experience app to learn exactly when he's going to be out and about. And don't forget that Aladdin and Jasmine have a meet and greet location over at the Agriba Bazaar near the Magic Carpets of Aladdin ride. Average wait time for them about 15 to 25 minutes. Okay, another pro tip incoming. Sometimes this couple likes to start off the day riding the magic carpets of Aladdin along with guests, which is super cute if you can time out your visit just right. Your best shot of this happening is coming here first thing in the morning. Though it's not always a guarantee. Frontier Land has been experiencing its fair share of changes lately, but believe me when I say you're not going to want to miss what this place has to offer. Now, there are no all rider, no height requirement rides in this section of the park. All the thrill rides in Frontier Land do require you to be 40 in or taller before you're allowed to board, but that doesn't mean the thrill rides here are overly adrenaline inducing. There are no upside down loops or launches to worry about, just some good old-fashioned dips and turns and moments that'll make your tummy say wee. Tiana's Bayou Adventure picks up the story of the Princess and the Frog after the final kiss, giving you the chance to join Princess Tiana and Louis the Gator on a musical adventure as you track down other musical critters for their Marty Gro band. And let's not forget the Flume Ride's grand finale is a 50ft splash down the mountain. So, brace yourself for potential major soakage. Average wait time for Tiana and friends, 30 to 40 minutes. And then there's Big Thunder Mountain Railroad, which has been undergoing major refurbishments since the beginning of 2025. But by the time you watch this, this runaway train coaster could very well be back in action again since it's slated to reopen in early May 2026. Now, the average weight time here before the rethe was about 30 to 40 minutes. Since the Frontier Land rides can really start racking up the wait times, you might want to think about investing in Disney's premium skip the ride line service. Those are called Lightning Lanes. to help you bypass over the main cues in exchange for much shorter lines. You can learn more about the different types of lightning lanes and best use strategies by picking up our free maximizing your lightning lanes guide over at disneyfoodblog.com/multipass after this. And again, we're using lightning lanes all the time, especially in Magic Kingdom. It's one of our primary parks that we use lightning lanes in. So, we've got all the details for you. We're having quite the hoown showdown over at the Country Bear Musical Jamberee. Back in 2024, this animatronic stage show was reimagined to feature classic and Disney songs in styles like country and rockabilly and bluegrass. This show is a cute 16-minute performance. And while it's worth seeing just for the entertainment factor alone, it's also a good way to get off your feet and soak up some AC for a little bit. Average wait time is 5 to 15 minutes. But don't let the Country Bear Musical Jamberee fun stop. After the show closes that big red curtain, during select times throughout the day, you might be able to meet with the actual Country Bear performers right outside the theater, like Big Al, Romeo McGra, Shaker, and Wendell. Those names may mean nothing to you now, but you'll soon learn that Big Al is the best of them. Just saying. Now that we're halfway through Magic Kingdom, I'm going to at least once mention Disney food somewhere because that's one of my favorite Disney topics of all time. Now, don't worry. I'm not going to derail today's ride and attractions video with a whole bunch of food talk that'll make your tummy rumble. But if you are looking for more Disney dining advice, the DFB team and I have created a series of DFB guides to help you navigate the wonderful world of reservations and snacks, food budgeting, restaurant reviews for every single restaurant in Disney World, and more. Our main guide, the DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining is broken up into multiple parts to cover all the offerings around the parks and the hotels and Disney Springs and even the water parks. And get this, our guide also comes with a full money back guarantee. If it doesn't end up working for you, there's literally no risk. No worries, just let us know. We'll get you your money back. You can pick up a digital copy or a guidebook bundle from dfbstore.com today. Just be sure to use code YouTube to apply our special DFB viewer discount to your guidebook purchases before you check out. Not a whole lot of attractions call Liberty Square home, but there is one ride here in particular that could easily become your all-time favorite. Who knows, maybe it already is. Welcome foolish mortals to the Haunted Mansion. Haunted Mansion will have you climbing inside a doom buggy for a slowm moving ride through chilling chambers guided by your ghost host. Now, this one can be a little bit spooky for younger riders. You're going to find a murderous bride, popup specters from behind tombstones, and hitchhiking ghosts that'll follow you home, but all in all, this is still an all ages ride that's full of Disney whimsy that your kids may love. I mean, dancing ballroom ghosts and singing busts just screams whimsy. you know, in between the screams from other unknown entities. Average wait time 30 to 40 minutes. What does every single president of the United States have in common? Every one of them can be seen during the Hall of Presidents production. During this 25-minute show, you're going to watch an original film sharing the journey of the nation and the office of the presidency, followed by a stunning reveal of every single president on stage all at once in an audio animatronic display. This one runs all day long and is never too hard to get into, making it a good option if you're coming down with ride line fatigue. Average wait time for the president's 5 to 15 minutes. Don't wait any longer than that. Get ready for the land that has the most attractions of them all. Fantasy Land. Fantasy Land is definitely a place you're going to want to spend a lot of time, especially if you got littles in your group, because there's a ton for them to see and do here. We'll start with a prince charming regal carousel. A classic, ornate, and beautiful merrygoround, featuring 90 horses and iconic Disney tunes. This historic attraction was built back in 1917 and was originally known as the Liberty Carousel at Bell Isle Park in Detroit, Michigan before becoming an opening day attraction here in Magic Kingdom. Average wait time on this one is about 5 to 15 minutes. Speaking of opening day attractions, Dumbo the Flying Elephant is another one that opened when the park did back in 1971. You can control how high your elephant circles around and around in the air thanks to those up and down levers in front of you. And while you're waiting in line for the ride, kids can enjoy the indoor circus play area until your elephant is ready for takeoff. Wait time here is usually 10 to 20 minutes now that they've expanded it and basically doubled the amount of elephants. The rules for Mad Tea Party are simple. The faster you spin the wheel in the center of the cup, the faster you're going to start swirling and twirling. So, it's really up to you and the people you're riding with to determine just how intense you want this Alice and Wonderland themed ride to be. These are the original teacups. Average wait time 5 to 15 minutes. The most popular all rider attraction in Fantasy Land tends to be Peter Pan's Flight. This is a dark ride that'll have you flying a pixie dusted ship over London and on into Neverland to see mermaids, the pirates cover, Tiger Lily, and that dastardly Captain Hook. This is a good ride to rope drop if you've got younger riders in your group who aren't going to be able to ride the bigger stuff just yet. Average weight time can be 45 to 55 minutes or more on this one. Good one to use a lightning lean for. Right across the way from Peter Pan's Flight, you can find It's a Small World, which is less popular, but still just as iconic for the park. During your slowmoving boat ride, you'll sail through the seven continents while surrounded by dancing dolls, all set within a distinctive world developed by Imagineer Mary Blair. Oh, and you're going to get that small world song stuck in your head for the rest of the day, maybe even the rest of your life. Average wait time 5 to 15 minutes. The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh is probably the second most popular all rider attraction in Fantasy Land. During this one, you'll board a giant honeypot and gently bounce and float and navigate multiple stories, compliments of the 100 acre wood and the residents within like Eeyore and Piglet, Rabbit, and a whole lot of trippy looking hephilumps and woozles. Average wait time is about 20 to 30 minutes on this one. And then there's Under the Sea: Journey of the Little Mermaid, where you're going to ride in a clamshell and watch as Ariel's story from sea to land unfolds through the use of animatronics and well-known musical numbers. Wait time five to 15 minutes. Now, there are two rides in Fantasy Land that do have height requirements that you'll need to be aware of. Both options are great for those who are just starting to dip their toes into the roller coaster scene. The first is Gy's Barnstormer, which has a height requirement of 35 in. This junior coaster stars the Great Goofini, who's taking you along for the ride in his aerial stunt show. Average weight time 15 to 25 minutes. And the second coaster is, of course, the most popular ride in all of Fantasy Land, hands down. Seven Dwarfs Mine Train, which has a height requirement of 38 inches. Seven Dwarfs takes you around and inside the dwarf's diamond mines. So, you've got a dark ride and a coaster to look forward to in this one. The tallest hill on Seven Dwarfs Mine Train is 39 ft, but because of the way the coaster is constructed, you go into the rope drop on a curve, meaning it's not necessarily the stomach turnurning adrenaline burst you might get on a larger coaster. Top speeds on this one reach about 34 mph, but much of the ride moves a whole lot slower than that. So again, good one for all ages, but don't get in line for it thinking you're going to get ultimate thrills. And mind that height requirement. Average wait time for this 50 to 60 minutes. Okay, it is showtime. Along with the handful of rides you can experience inside Fantasy Land, you've also got two shows you might want to put on your musto list for the area. Mickey's Fill Her Magic is an immersive 4D animated show that follows poor Donald trying to track down Mickey's Sorcerer's hat, which winds him up in a few too many crossover moments straight from your favorite Disney films. And because it's 4D, expect 3D sight gags, sudden sounds, and a few other extra surprises along the way. So, it's like a 4DX theater that was made before 4DX was cool. Average wait time 5 to 15 minutes. And then over at Enchanted Tales with Belle, you get to step inside the cottage of Maurice and Belle and through a magic mirror, which is very cool, to enjoy a live retelling of Beauty and the Beast with help from Lumiere, Mrs. pots, Belle herself, and maybe even you. Yep, you. Lumiere needs some volunteers to help tell this unfolding story, and he's going to need some willing recruits. While this is not a traditional meet and greet, the chance to interact with Belle during the performance makes it one of the most unique and memorable character interaction experiences propertywide. Average wait time for this about 15 to 25 minutes. And since we've already met Belle, how about we meet a whole lot of other familiar faces while we're at it? Per the release of this video, Pete's silly Sideshow, a place where you used to be able to meet the circus inspired Minnie, Daisy, Goofy, and Donald, is currently undergoing refurbishment, but these characters still pop up around Storybook Circus throughout the day while their home is being worked on, and they'll be back in the silly sideshow pretty soon. We've been spotting them lately near the entrance to the Storybook Circus area, as well as not too far away from the storybook restrooms. For characters that are more stationary, at least for the moment, you can meet Ariel over at Ariel's Grotto next to her ride. Average wait time about 15 to 25 minutes. And you can find Mirabel from Encanto over at Fairy Tale Garden, right off the right-hand path curving around Cinderella Castle. Wait time for her is usually 15 to 25 minutes. Since we're on this path, don't forget to keep your eyes out for Cinderella's ugly stepsisters, Anastasia and Draella, as well as Cindy's fairy godmother, too. These characters are more of a sighting than they are a full-on meet and greet, but the interactions can be priceless. Usually, fairy godmother's going to be walking around up by Bibbidity Bobbidity Boutique in the morning. To meet Cinderella herself without having to spend an arm and a leg to dine at Cinderella's Royal Table, you can see if Cinderella is meeting with guests on the day of your visit over at Princess Fairy Tale Hall. Princess Fairy Tale Hall is one of the more popular meet and greet locations since you'll also be able to meet other visiting princesses here, too. They change up daily, but often include Rapunzel and Tiana in the lineup. Average wait time 35 to 45 minutes. But there's more. Sometimes Peter Pan will pop up right outside his ride in front of the Neverland map next to the queue. And Tiger and Winnie the Pooh like to hang out near their ride as well over at the thoughtful spot. Average wait time 20 to 30 minutes. Tomorrowland is a healthy mix of popular rides, Btier attractions, easygoing stage shows, and the occasional character sighting. Ready to talk about my favorite ride in Magic Kingdom? You longtime DFP viewers already know what I'm talking about. The People Mover is my jam. In fact, I've gone ahead and dubbed myself the president of the unofficial People Mover fan club. I've even got shirts for the club on the dfbstore.com website. That's how committed I am to how awesome this ride is. This is an easygoing, continuously moving shuttle that takes you above Tomorrowland and through some of Tomorrowland's various attractions. I really have no notes for People Mover, though some might find it a bit more dull compared to some of the other rides in Magic Kingdom. But I, for one, who's often in a constant state of anxiety, love how relaxing this one is. And I love that the line for it is on average not going to be miserably long to wait in, which means backto-back rides for me. Average wait time 5 to 15 minutes. Right above People Mover, as in you'll have to take a little elevator ride to reach it, you'll find Astro Orbiter. Yet another aerial carousel ride for Magic Kingdom, but this one is a whole lot higher and a whole lot more intimidating. Just something to keep in mind before you board if super tall rides aren't really your cup of tea. Average wait time here, 10 to 20 minutes. And then there's Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin, which much like Big Thunder Mountain Railroad, has also been closed for an extended period of time to make way for some vast refurbishments, including new blasters, new ride vehicles, new ride scenes, and even a new character, a robot named Buddy, who I'm prepared to fight the whole galaxy to protect. But by the time you watch this video, this point racking ride might be back in action again. It's slated to open on April 8th. Average wait time before the remodel is 35 to 45 minutes. Okay, big kids, ready for some bigger thrills, cuz Tomorrowland's got the goods on those rides with height requirements. Tron Light Cycle Run has the biggest height requirement of the park. You must be 48 in or taller to ride, but that's because you're going to be boarding your own Light Cycle and launching across the grid, reaching speeds of up to 59 mph. This one's fun to experience during the day, but if you can board this one toward the end of the night, you'll be able to ride while the grid is all lit up, making the experience a lot cooler, at least in my opinion. Average wait time for this 65 to 75 minutes. And this one also has a single pass lightning lane. Space Mountain is also super thrilling, but in a more unexpected way. It's not going to reach up to 59 mph like Tron. doesn't even get up to 30. But this indoor coaster takes place in near complete darkness with only a few stars as your guide. So every lift and drop and turn feels all the more intense cuz you're not expecting any of it, which is one of the reasons you'll need to be at least 44 in tall to ride this one. Average weight time for Space 45 to 55 minutes. Finally, you've got Tomorrowland Speedway. A steadygoing racetrack that's kind of like a go-kart track except a lot more chill and contained. There's no way you're going to spin out and hit a wall on this one. And you can only go like 5 miles an hour. Probably more than that, but it feels like it. While you only have to be 32 in tall to ride this one, drivers who are under 54 in must be accompanied by an adult. Average weight time 10 to 20 minutes. Now, listen. I know we've covered a lot of rides today, and it can feel really overwhelming trying to navigate how to conquer them all, or at least as many as possible. But we do have a free guide available on how to ride everything in Disney World. If you want a nice little springboard to work with, just head over to disneyfoodblog.com/dyrides after this and we'll send you that guide ASAP. It's a great big beautiful tomorrow, folks. And if you don't believe me, just ask the Carousel of Progress. John and Sarah know what's up. This is a quintessential Magic Kingdom show, though some may also consider it somewhat of a ride. After all, the theater slowly rotates through four different animatronic casted scenes, showcasing the ways progress and innovation have enhanced the average household. And in the future, a Walt Disney animatronic is going to be added to the beginning of this show, which is something we're looking forward to seeing. Average wait time about 0 to 5 minutes. A little less quintessential, but still a good time, is the Monsters Inc. laugh. Think of this as an improv style comedy show with monsters. The show is slightly different every time you go because it requires audience participation to pull the whole thing off. So don't be surprised if you get called on and consider yourself absolutely honored if you get to play that guy. Average wait time 15 to 25 minutes. Not a whole lot of meet and greet stuff around these parts in Tomorrowland, but there are times when we see Stitch make roaming appearances near and on the Rocket Tower Plaza stage. So, keep an eye out for that fluffy alien friend if if he's a favorite of yours. So, there you have it, friends. Every single Magic Kingdom attraction. And yet, there's still so much to learn about this park. So, if you're ready to dive deeper into Magic Kingdom, consider checking out the ultimate guide to Magic Kingdom next. And don't forget to download our free Disney World planning worksheets over at disneyfoodblog.com/discoplans. Thanks for listening, everyone, and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog, and we'll see you real soon.
