---
video_id: yAXFP2LlMSc
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Ridiculous Disney World Snacks in 2026"
published: 2026-03-23
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yAXFP2LlMSc
---
Ridiculously big, ridiculously pricey, ridiculously wild, and ridiculously tasty. We're bringing you the most ridiculous snacks in all of Disney World today on DF Guide. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Vlog. Y'all, I'm not going to lie, this video has been so fun to make because I get to show off the wonderfully ridiculous side of Disney World snack scene and prove just how quirky and whimsical the treats around this place really are. Before we get started, if you're on the hunt for our favorite Disney World snacks that may not fall into the ridiculous category, but certainly fall into the tastiest one, be sure to scan the QR code you see on the screen right now, or click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/bestnacks after this so we can send you our free Disney World snack maps featuring our top 10 favorite options in each park. Croissants. Great. Cissants as big as your head. Amazing. I made my script writer Bria add this pastry to the top of the script because I'm obsessed with it and I wish it would stick around forever and ever and ever. Leangeerie petissery in Epcot's France pavilion has been serving up this thing called the quaso laa which is a giant quason dipped in chocolate that could easily be split with your entire family and maybe the family next to yours. For real, this thing is huge. It barely fits on the plate it's served on and yet it's still the same delicious buttery flaky croissant you can normally get at Leol. Just nine quissants worth of dough as a version of it. Yes, that is how much dough goes into this particular snack. Now, forewarning, this might not be available the next time you visit. And if it is available, it tends to sell out really fast. So, head on over to Leel shortly after rope drop if you want to check on this giant pastry status. Salt and Straw in Disney Springs isn't your average ice cream shop. You can order a few familiar flavors like chocolate gooey brownie, double fold vanilla, and freckled mint chocolate chip. But you can also order really interesting flavors, too, like strawberry honey balsamic with black pepper. The salty donut guava and cheese and arbina olive oil. And if you think those flavors are a little strange, just wait, they get even more ridiculous. Salt and Straw sells weird, wacky, and downright bizarre seasonal flavored ice creams throughout the year. But none are ever quite as shocking as the Dawn Buggito's creepy crawly critters that shows up around October made with matcha ice cream, toffee brittle, and meal worms, and chocolate crickets. No joke. While it's fun to order bug ice cream for the shock factor, Salt and Straw actually manages to make this ice cream surprisingly refreshing. You just have to be willing to crunch and munch on a few buggy friends with each bite, which you know, protein. Because flavors rotate monthly, it's always a good idea to check the salt and straw menu before your next Disney Springs visit. But this one usually shows up in October. In 2023, we were introduced to the Muppets themed Brewing Lab at Epcot's Food and Wine Festival for the first time ever, and we've been intrigued and slightly mortified by it ever since. The Brewing Lab is housed inside the Odyssey Pavilion during food and wine festival season with Dr. Buns and Honeydew and his assistant beaker as your culinary hosts who are busy experimenting with flavors to come up with scientific snacks and mind-blowing beverages. And yeah, they do that pretty well because our minds are always blown year after year. The two most ridiculous items that tend to pop up on the Brewing Lab menu are that pickle milkshake, which tastes like a mix between vanilla ice cream and dill toothpaste. Definitely something for all the pickle fans out there to try at least once in their lives as a bucket list challenge. And the unnecessarily spicy yet extremely tasty Carolina Reaper pepper curry wings. That is the full name, which is ridiculous in the way that Disney rarely ever gets too spicy with their spicy snack options. But these wings throw caution to the wind, so prepare to sweat. Now, per the release of this video, we don't know if Brewing Lab will return for the 2026 Food and Wine Festival, but since it's been a consistent fan favorite for the past couple of years, we wouldn't be shocked to see it make a grand return when Food and Wine starts back up toward the second half of the year. What? This doesn't look appetizing to you? Why not? The Edison tends to serve up some visually unique cocktails around spooky scary Halloween season that'll make you feel like you're a creature straight out of Magnus Archives when you start to consume them. Which brings me back to the original point at hand, the blood donor. In the past, the blood donor has been made with Blanco tequila, lime juice, and salerno blood orange lour, all contained inside a yep, literal blood bag that you have to squeeze into a cup in order to drink it. The visual still makes me shudder to think about, and it does every year when they bring it back. But if you're looking for something jarring to spook and delight your friends with, check and see if this is going to be offered during the 2026 season when Halloween starts creeping around the corner. The Edison has also been known to serve up eyeball drinks during past Halloween seasons, like the eye drop that was made with absolute citroron, quintro, acidic simple syrup, and filthy cherry juice with a gummy eyeball resting at the bottom of the glass. I don't know why this one goes under the radar so often. It is cute and weird and pretty good, too. This treat from POS in Magic Kingdom looks like an ear of corn, but really it's a corn impostor. This is actually a smooth sweet corn mousse. And it's a dessert topped with white chocolate and raspberry powder to make it appear more like a savory corn on the cob, even though it's nice and sweet. So, don't try to pick this one up and bite into the kernels, or else you're going to be in for a messy surprise. So, let's be real here. There's not just one ridiculously mysterious or giant or secretive item lurking at Gideon's Bake House in Disney Springs. The whole bakery case is filled with quirky sweets. Even their most normal sweets include massive cake slices and half-pound cookies and seasonal selections. But today, I want to specifically focus on two super timesensitive dessert options you can find at Gideon's on a daily basis. These are ridiculous because they're just so rare and you absolutely have to be there on time to get them. The first is Hot Cookie Hour, which happens twice daily. Once from 2:00 to 3:00 p.m. and the other time from 7:00 to 8:00 p.m. Hot Cookie Hour serves up not just hot, freshly baked half-pound chocolate chip cookies, but hot, freshly baked half-pound chocolate chip cookies topped with a scoop of locallymade molted vanilla ice cream. Now, warning, Gideonss takes hot cookie hour very seriously. So, even if you try to order one of these dudes just 5 minutes before or 5 minutes after hot cookie hour, you're going to miss your chance to order these ice cream covered cookies, which is especially I don't know, kind of mean since people will wait in line for 4 hours for Gideon's a lot of the time. And how are you supposed to know that you're going to time it just perfectly to get up to the front of the line for hot cookie hour? You can't. So, that's why this is ridiculous to me, but it's so good. Anyway, you're going to have to time your visit just right. The second timesensitive cookie is a little easier to get. This is the dark coffee cake cookie. In the morning, you can get the regular coffee cake cookie with the vanilla cookie base. But after the sun sets, and only after the sun sets, the coffee cake cookie transforms into the dark coffee cake cookie with a chocolate base instead of a vanilla one. No ridiculous Disney snacks list can ever be complete without at least a brief shout out to the fuzzy tonton at Ogus Cantina in Hollywood Studios. I'm so glad this is still around, you guys. This is one of those things that I would have expected them to take off the menu by now, but it is so much fun. Now, there are a lot of unique pre-made drinks at Oga's Cantina, both with and without alcohol. But the strangest of the bunch is probably the fuzzy tonton made with peach vodka, peach schnops, orange juice, and buzz button foam. Yep, it's basically a fuzzy navel with foam on top that's a little bit different than what you might expect. The buzz button foam is the party trick because that's what's going to make your mouth go temporarily numb while you drink this. The foam is created with those buzz buttons which are made from a Sichuan flour that's claimed to be used as a natural painkiller. Why Disney jumped to that ingredient for their drink? No clue. But it is a fun and fruity drink that's totally safe to consume. So, you know, YOLO, I guess. One more shout out from this place though, just because I can't help myself. If you're looking for one of the more bizarre non-alcoholic options available here, the Oga's Obsession is a Jell-O concoction that looks like, no joke, bacteria growing in a petri dish. is basically your Disney World Jell-O shot. But rest assured, even though it looks funky, the flavors of lemonade, cotton candy, blueberry popping pearls, and a bursting dried fruit mixture, pop rocks are going to be extremely popular with your kids. Picture this. You're minding your own business, enjoying a nice burger and fries over at the Beaches and Cream restaurant inside Beach Club Resort when suddenly flashing lights go off on the ceiling. All the lights get turned off, servers come out in thunderous applause, and you're handed this massive $39 ice cream sundae in a bowl shaped like a literal kitchen sink filled with eight scoops of ice cream, a whole can of whipped cream, and every single topping they've got in the restaurant. Yep, that's the kitchen sink sundae for you. And it's pretty much an impossible feat to tackle by yourself, which is why the restaurant recommends this portion for groups of four or more. Though, you might not even be able to tackle it all with a whole army of sweet lovers helping you out. When Bria and I were creating this list of ridiculous Disney World snacks, I mentioned that I wanted to add a few more visually intriguing options to our lineup. So, Bria started opening up our different DFB snack guides, scrolling through the pages and stopping anytime she found a snack picture that made her go, "Wo, that's right. These exist." That's why we love the snack guides. Even we need our snack memories jogged every now and then. So, it's nice to have full books that detail every single snack in all four parks with giant pictures and reviews. So, while scrolling through the Magic Kingdom snack guide, it was the team blue cookie from the Joffrey's Revive inside Tomorrowland that made her stop everything she was doing because this guy looks real ridiculous. I mean, look at it. Sure, it's supposed to be inspired by the Tron Light Cycle Run ride, but the vibes feel really moldy to us. Luckily, it tastes way better than it looks since it's just a lemon blueberry cookie with blueberries on top. But it's all that blue food dye mixed with the yellow mixed with the dough color. It really just makes it look bacteria infested. The team blue cookie isn't always available since Joffre rotates its pastry items out regularly and sometimes the specialty cookies just sell out. And that's the case for the exclusive themed cookies at the Joffre Kiosks in Hollywood Studios, too. But they're still worth trying to track down just in case they are available during your visit. The Joffrey's right outside Tower of Terror often features the Terror cookie made with white chocolate chips, Oreo bits, and a dusting of cinnamon sugar on top. The cookie itself is a regular sugar cookie, but it's dyed purple because purple is spooky apparently. And then there's the Joffre right outside Toy Story Land, which has the Play-Doh cookie made out of a funfetti sugar cookie with caramel and white chocolate chips sprinkled inside and an iced animal cracker on top. Disney doesn't just want to give you cake slices. They want to give you giant cake slices that you have to pay a lot of money for because they're just that good and novelty driven. So, let's start our cakewalk by backtracking to Gideon's Bake House again since we briefly glazed over those impressively massive cake slices earlier on. These enormous cake slices are made three layers tall, easy to share, and have new flavors featured all the time. You can see which flavors are going to be offered during your next visit over on the Gideon's Bake House website or on Gideon's social media. That's where they're going to drop their super secret slices. Every now and then, they release an off-men creation that you'll only learn about if you're following their social accounts or our DFB newsletter. Gideon's cake slices are about $9 to $11 per slice. And if you think that's expensive, just wait till you meet the $22 plus cake slices over at Cake Bake Shop attached to Boardwalk Inn. The Cake Bake Shop is most wellknown for its controversial cake slices. While yes, the prices for them are steep. You're also getting a really, really good slice of cake out of that price. We're talking homemade buttercream icing, super moist cake, unique flavors, giant sizes big enough to share, and more often than not, tons of edible glitter to boot. Now, you can grab these impressive cake slices either during your Sitown cake bake meal or over at the attached grab-and-go bakery. But if you thought $22 was expensive, nah, let's go higher than that. Over at the Boat House in Disney Springs, you can get a $55 signature s'mores, baked Alaska that's made to serve four guests and comes complete with graham cracker crust, rocky road ice cream, toasted marshmallows, mering, and milk chocolate. But the boat house also serves other expensive multi-layered cakes that claim to serve two guests. So that's a lot of cake to take on for just two people. These include a 10 layer white chocolate confetti cake as well as a 21 layer chocolate cake, both for around $27. You might not be a zombie and I might not be a zombie, but we both might start questioning ourselves after ordering dessert at Fa Casino in Disney Springs. The chocolate sugar skull is a rather pricey calaver at 29 bucks, but it's also interactive. You see, you'll get this chocolate, beautifully decorated skull shell brought out to your table along with a wooden mallet. After you're done admiring and taking pictures of the skull, you just take that mallet and whack its noggin, cracking it open to reveal the goods on the inside, which is going to be this brain looking goo made out of white chocolate key lime mousse, raspberry compost, vanilla sponge cake soaked with key lime syrup, and a graham cracker crumble. Yeah. So, I don't know. It is gorgeous, though, and it's definitely going to make some memories. Of course, a bar themed around the adventure-loving Indiana Jones and his trusty pilot Jock Lindsay would serve up ridiculous, adventurous eats and drinks without a doubt. Why wouldn't it? Jock Lindsay's Hangar Bar over in Disney Springs is best known for its mocktails and cocktails themed around Indie and Jock's various adventures. But the ridiculousness doesn't stop there, and we love this kind of ridiculousness. While the light bites on this menu change up frequently, you can currently order stuff like the minecart meatball served in a little mine cart and the snake bite bow buns served in Reggie the Snake's pet cage name tag and all. But wait, there's more. During the holidays, Jock Lindsay shakes things up by transforming the bar to fit the season. So, when Jock Lindsay's Halloween bar or Jock Lindsay's holiday bar pop up, check the menu to see what limited time concoctions they might try to wow you with because believe me, they will be fun. Last year during the Halloween season, we got to try stuff like the Skull of the Dead mini quesadillas, complete with a syringe filled with Sriracha sauce, the alien invader sliders with those buggy green olive eyes to really drive the visual home, and the phantom dumplings, smoke effects, and all. Well, last year's Christmas season brought along stuff like the cookies and eggnog, the boughs of holly, develed eggs, and the turkey egg rolls that came served in a cute vintage looking fire truck. I loved it. Now, this one's for the really serious sushi fans out there. Over at Shiki Sai in Epcot's Japan Pavilion, you can order a massive wooden sushi boat meant to serve like four to six people. This boat demands to be seen. Like, when it comes out to your table, people will turn to stare at it. It's packed with sashimi, sushi rolls, shrimp, row, and various other garnishes that really pull the whole thing together in a colorful display of raw fish and wonder. So, here's the truth behind the matter. Is this going to be the absolute best sushi you've had in your life? Maybe. I mean, it'll be good quality sushi, for sure, but it's certainly not transcendent, if that's what you're asking. You're definitely paying for the spectacle here, which might be more worth the asking price if you're splitting the bill with a whole group of folks who are willing to pitch in to get that sushi boat sailing your way. And don't worry, there's a bunch of other big spectacle things you can order off of this menu, too, if you're up for it. You literally have to wake up a sleeping goddess to order this drink. And if that's not ridiculous, I don't know what is. Trader Sam's Grog Grotto in Polynesian Village Resort has a whole lot of ridiculous cocktails to try that'll trigger various events throughout the enchanted tropical bar. Speaking of zombies, they have one of those, too. But the cocktail that creates the biggest production is the Aawa. So, let me walk you through it. First, the AOA is set on fire, which seems like a pretty big production as is. But then your server will start recounting the story of how the mortals have upset the mighty Aoa and how they're offering up this cocktail sacrifice to appease her. Hey, a Trader Sam's cocktail would appease me, so I guess it's worth a shot. From this point on, it's up to you to help set things right. You'll join the bar as everyone continues to chant, "Ao!" And you'll toss cinnamon into the sacrificial flames to keep it sparkling until the ceremony ends. The goddess is appeased. Spoiler alert. And the flames are finally extinguished. Oh yeah, guess we should talk about what this drink actually has in it, maybe. Although, who cares? Okay. The Yawa is made of plantation original dark rum, Bicardi superior rum, orange, passion fruit, guava, pineapple, and grapefruit juices, valinum, cinnamon, and fresh lime juice. I know, a lot to unpack here. And you'll receive a rather hefty portion of this drink, too. So, it is recommended that two or more people enjoy it at a time. though. Someday I'll tell you about the time I drank a whole one by myself. That was interesting. Sure, a classic Mickey candy apple is cute, but why play it safe when you could get a candy apple that's ridiculous? A few of our favorite caramel apple options around property include the monkey themed caramel apple over at Zuri's sweet shop in Animal Kingdom. Look at those big bulging eyes. He's so silly. The Mickey later hosen and mini durnle caramel apples over at Caramel Cusha and Epcot, which are almost too adorable to eat. And the poison candy apples over at Candy Cauldron in Disney Springs because we apparently didn't learn our lesson watching Snow White take a bite into this thing. Ah, yes, the Beverly. Hate to love it, love to hate it. Over at Club Cool inside Epcot, you can sample a bunch of different international sodas for free. And while most of those sodas are pretty tasty, the Beverly goes down in infamy as a very bitter drink that tastes like the liquid carbonated version of the ear wax flavor you might find in a box of BirdieBots every flavored beans. Maybe that's too niche. That's just what it makes me think of. It doesn't hurt to try simply as a right of passage and because it's free. But if you do try it and you actually love it, which some people do, the Coca-Cola rooftop bar over in Disney Springs does sell full-size versions of the stuff in fountain drink fashion if you really want to commit. Now, Disney Springs doesn't just want you to enjoy your drink. They want to reward you with a new friend, too. So, don't be surprised if you order a cocktail from some place like Eat by Manichan or The Polite Pig or The Boat House and you find a little rubber creature sitting on top of your ice and booze. Eat has really been hitting the rubber toy scene lately with their monthly cocktails featuring some sort of unique animal on top. Recently, we've seen cocktails here topped with a penguin for the Penguin Club drink. Not to be confused with Club Penguin online game made popular in the early 2000s, though I can almost guarantee you that's what they were going for. A dragon for the dragon's breath drink. You even got to choose which color dragon you wanted on top. And Hank's GF Coast Sunset with a rather distinguished looking octopus front and center. The polite pig isn't as consistent with their rubber toy drink trends as eat is, but every now and then you might find a cocktail here with a rubber pig on top, which is fitting. And of course, the boat house has been ahead of the times for several years now with its classic duck duck raz featuring a cute little rubber ducky on top. And we're heading back to where we started, the France Pavilion over at Epcot for more giant snacks that we have to unhinge our jaws for. But this time we're at the crepes port window to pick up the labete crepe which translates to the beast crepe aptly named. This is a savory galad filled with cheese, mushrooms, ham, arugula. But the real star of the show is the layer of cheese baked right on top of the gallette itself, creating this super crunchy, tangy crust that adds a crisp, satisfying texture with every bite. And thanks to the sheer size of this thing, seriously, it's huge. The Beast Crepe is filling enough to feel like a full meal, unless you're willing to share a few bites with someone else. Maybe if you're going to drink like a pirate, then you need to eat like a pirate, too. And apparently, a pirate's diet is composed of cold tentacles. At least that seems to be the case at Beacon Barrel in Magic Kingdom. The Krockens Catch is made with octopus tentacles marinated in lemon and lime juice with olives, bell peppers, avocado, and pio pepper almond foam. But don't knock it till you try it. Several of our DFB reporters really like this one. I mean, if you like ceviche, it's a lot like that. The octopus comes in large chunks, but it's not overly chewy. The olives and peppers balance out the fishy flavors, and since it's served cold, it's actually a nice light snack for a hot Orlando day. That is, if you can get over the whole I'm eating a tentacle in a theme park thing. Thanks for joining me on that wild, ridiculous, and super fun ride, y'all. We're not done just yet, though. If you're on the hunt for more ridiculous Disney World Adventures, be sure to check out our other ridiculous videos. We've got one called The Most Ridiculous Things at Disney World, which just so happens to feature other wildly wonderful and bizarre snacks that we didn't get the chance to cover today. And don't forget to download our free Disney World best snacks maps. I love a snack map if you haven't already over at disneyfoodblog.com/bestnacks. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog, and we'll see you real soon.
