---
video_id: -Ilc2Nd1btA
channel: DFBGuide
title: "50 TIPS That Disney World Employees WISH You Knew"
published: 2026-01-21
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Ilc2Nd1btA
---
Our Disney Food Blog team is made up of current and former cast members alike. So today's video is inspired by them, as well as our other cast member friends out there who have a whole bunch of tips and warnings that they wish you knew about before taking those big trips to Disney World. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog and I got the Disney dirt for you today. Okay, not really dirt. It's more like a mixture of dirt plus theme park tips because this video is entirely made up of things that cast members see and experience on the daily that they wish you knew about before you travel to Disney World just to make their lives and your lives easier. Okay, for some it takes quite a bit of spinning and jostling before you start to feel motion sickness. Or for me, it just takes reading in the car as my husband drives along winding roads before that wave of nausea strikes. But for others, motion sickness sensitivity is very real and it can hit you at really unexpected times, even on the Skyliner. This is when cast members wish they had a motion sickness detector for people so that they could warn them ahead of time to not sit backwards in a Skyliner gondola if they've got motion sensitivity. So, if you know a case of the queasies could really ruin your Disney day, sit facing forward on the Skyliner if you can to help prevent stomach churnings and head reelings. In case you're not familiar with it, early theme park entry gives all Disney hotel guests access to all the parks 30 minutes before they actually open for the rest of the public. But Magic Kingdom cast members want to remind everyone out there that early theme park entry does work real differently inside the OG Disney World park. Unlike the other three parks where it's free game for the rides once the early entry clock starts ticking, Magic Kingdom only opens up the rides in Fantasy Land and Tomorrowland for early [music] entry, which still means you can get on popular attractions like Space Mountain and Seven Dwarfs Mine Train before the general public can get in, but you won't be able to hop right onto things like Tiana's Bayou Adventure or Haunted Mansion. Tron Light Cycle Run is the only early entry deviant inside the Tomorrowland area. But even though this coaster doesn't open during that extra 30 minutes of time, the [music] Q- line does open. And during that 30 minutes, you'll be able to weave your way around the queue, put things in the provided Tron lockers, and make your way towards the front. Now, in terms of ride tips, we've got a lot more where that came from. So, if you want the best chance to ride everything that Disney World has to offer, go ahead and scan the QR code you see on the screen or click the for Disneyfoodblog.com/everyride after this and we're going to send you our free springboard ride itineraries for every single Disney World park. Okay, Disney Hotel cast members try to protect you from whatever they can, but they can't always protect people who fall for the dreaded pizza scam. If you want to order pizza in Disney World, you may be tempted by that random pizza flyer that's been shoved so inconspicuously under your hotel room door. But please resist that temptation. Lots of Disney's resort quick services have whole pizza pies available for purchase, but they're not going to be advertised by a flimsy little pizza flyer. Unfortunately, these flyers are most likely a scam to steal credit card numbers. It's been such an issue in the Orlando area lately that there are now specific laws against it. But even so, it still happens and happens more often than you think. So, if you see one of these flyers, just throw it away. Don't think about it again and order yourself a pizza where you know it'll be hot and tasty and legit. You know that scene in A Christmas Story where Ralphie freezes up while sitting on Santa's lap and suddenly forgets the one thing he wants to tell Santa when he's finally at the front of the line? Yeah. Even though the Disney characters are much nicer than the mall Santa that Ralphie encounters, cast members see this all the time. You wait in line. You finally get to see your childhood hero at a character meet and greet and suddenly every quirky question you have for them is gone out of your brain. Don't stress over character encounters. Seriously, even if you have nothing to say or don't know what to say or feel super awkward. Either the characters themselves can help lead the discussion or nearby character attendants, typically called blueberries because of their blue outfits, can prompt things for you. It's also a good idea to jot down some Q&A notes on your phone while you're waiting in line if you want to feel a little more prepared and less like you're about to accidentally ask for a football for Christmas. A few good question examples that some of our Blueberry cast members have overheard while on the scene include things like asking Goofy about his favorite hot dog, hamburger, or pizza topping, asking Aurora some good tips for getting a good night's sleep, though that might be a sensitive subject. asking Ariel about her favorite gadgets and gizmos in her grotto and asking Belle about her favorite book recommendations. You get it. Think about a character's personality and build an easy to answer question from there. Just always make sure to stay within the character story. For example, you don't want to ask Cinderella what her favorite Jonas Brother is because she doesn't know who the Jonas Brothers are cuz that's not in her story. There will be folks out there who will tell you that they weren't staying as a guest at a certain Disney World hotel and they managed to park their car at said hotel just fine while visiting it. Do not rely on this word of mouth to guarantee yourself the same experience. Per Disney rules, you're only allowed to park your own vehicle at a Disney-owned hotel if you have a room booked there or if you've booked a reservation for one of the hotels table service restaurants. But even with a dining reservation in hand, Guard Shack cast members may still have to be pretty strict about how long you're allowed to stay [music] parked in a hotel lot, especially if you're dining at one of the Montreal area resorts around peak travel season. If you don't want to worry about the whole parking rules and strictness of the Disney hotels, you may want to rely on Disney transportation to take you from place to place instead, like Skyliner, Montreal buses, and boats. Not only are those free to use, but they'll allow you to stick around a certain resort for as long as you want. No time limits necessary, even if you're not staying there. If you're in a Disney World park whenever a character pulooa takes place, just know that you're one of the lucky few who gets to take part in something so special. [music] What's character pulooa? Well, they're seemingly random and they pop up in unexpected places like between the UK and Canada pavilion or between other Epcot pavilions for instance to parade around an assortment of rare characters that are so under the radar you probably won't even see them pop up as an option on your My Disney Experience app or once in a while you get Mickey or you get Captain Hook. You just never know. So, are character pooas actually random? That's what cast members will tell you. But the truth is, these character pulooas actually serve as on-site trainings for new character attendants as a low stakes way for them to learn the ropes of their new role. So, when you interact with these characters during a pop-up character pooa, you're helping attendants who are still earning their ears as well. A win-win. Cast members understand the confusion, and quite frankly, I do, too. There are a lot of similarities between Disney's quick service locations and Epcot's limited time festival food booths. They're affordable. They're relatively speedy unless busy days. And if you don't like the options at one, you're bound to like the options at another. But festival booths are not equipped the same way that quick services are. Festival booths do not take mobile orders via the My Disney Experience app, although that'd be awesome. They do not take quick service dining credits if you're using the Disney dining plan, though they used to. And at most Fast Booths, you're not going to find free water cups like you will at the quick service spots. Now, we've still got a few different festival points we want to cover with you in today's video, but if you're looking for some really in-depth festival details before your next Epcot trip to see what offerings are going to be the most worth your time, money, and stomach space, then be sure to check out our full festival guides over at dfbstore.com. That includes our current festival bundles, which will not only give you the latest festival guide, but we'll also give you our DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining at a super discounted bundled price. And for an even better discount on top of all that, be sure to type in code YouTube to save extra money on your total guidebook purchases. We have been doing these guide books for what 15 years now. They are updated multiple times per year. It's all of our expertise packed into one place. So, I hope you grab it and I hope you love it. Much like Disney's constantly running Omni Mover rides like Spaceship Earth and Epcot or my all-time fave People Mover in Magic Kingdom, the Disney Skyliner is a continuously moving transportation system. That means when it's your turn to board, you need to be ready to step in pretty quick. And cast members won't say it out loud, but they're silently rooting for you to not hold up that flow. Because the quicker they can board a group, the faster they can move that line along and get you where you need to go in a timely manner. This means you might need to have your stroller ready to go, your backpack zipped, and your fellow group members prepared to walk and not distracted by their phones before you reach the loading platform. If there is a reason your group needs a little more time to board and the constantly moving gondilas aren't going to work for you, just let a boarding cast member know as you're getting in line. There are stationary gondilas set up in the Skyliner rotation in a separate line that'll give you more time to board and will put a whole lot less stress on those elderly members of your group or those who need to board with their wheelchair. Disney doesn't just use multiple Montreal trains. They also use multiple Montreal tracks, which is why those Montreal cast members are going to implore you to pay attention to which Montreal train you're actually boarding. Also, don't forget that when you're taking a Montreal from one of the Magic Kingdom area resorts or Magic Kingdom itself, you will need to hop off and transfer Montreal trains once you reach the transportation and ticket center if you're trying to make it the rest of the way to Epcot. Buses are Disney's most common form of transportation, but that doesn't mean all buses go everywhere. Here's an example for you. Polynesian Village Resort will run buses to Disney Springs, Hollywood Studios, Animal Kingdom, and the water parks. But because this hotel is part of the Montreal resort lineup, it doesn't run buses to Magic Kingdom or Epcot most of the time, unless you know the Montreal is down for the count or whatever reason. Then it'll start using buses, but just as a plan B. If you have any questions about whether your resort will be running buses to a certain location or not, you can check the boards at the bus stops or ask a nearby cast member. And also, just another quick reminder, buses will not go from Disney Springs to the [music] theme parks. they will only go from Disney Springs to the hotels because they don't want people to park at Disney Springs for free and then get free transportation to the parks. So, if you are in Disney Springs and you're trying to get to a theme park, you'll have to go to a hotel first and then transfer to a bus to the park you want to get to. After you place your order at an Epcot Festival food booth, the cast member is going to hand you a receipt. Your knee-jerk reaction is going to be to throw said receipt away or to shove it in your park bag with the rest of your crumbled up receipts or your pockets or whatever. But resist this urge, my friends. You need to bring that receipt to the next cast member at the food window so they can note your order and make sure your food and drinks are prepped for you on the spot. When your server comes around to your table for the first time to introduce themselves and ask you for your drink order, that's going to be the best time for you to tell them that you'll be using the Disney dining plan table service credits to pay for your meal if you are, or that you'll be using some sort of dining discount like you might receive for being an annual passholder, Disney Vacation Club member, Disney Visa card holder, etc. If you forget to do that right at the start, no worries. Your server can still apply credits and discounts later on, but it's just more convenient for them to know about these things sooner rather than later so that they don't have to go back and adjust your check in the system. Just a time-saving tactic for both of you. Oh, and FYI, this is also a great time to let them know if you have any allergies or if you need to speak to the chef for any specifics on your order. Whether it's character meet and greets or restaurant times or firework showings or even park hours in general, the first thing you want to do right when you start the day, even maybe while you're on the bus over to the park, is check on the updated times for things. Schedules change at Disney all the time to accommodate crowd levels and daylight savings and special events. You name it. We're constantly seeing times change all over the Disney World website. So, don't just assume that the parade times you saw for Magic Kingdom Festival of Fantasy Parade are going to be the same ones you noted during your last visit or when you were planning your trip. Instead, check the My Disney Experience app and get those updates in real time. Maybe jot them down in your phone's notes app so you can remember them for later. Cuz believe me, that's the last thing you want to do is show up an hour late for a parade that just went by. So, cast members hand out free celebration buttons at hotel front desks and guest service locations and some gift shops, too. These buttons can celebrate whatever you want them to celebrate. I have one celebrating my New York Times bestselling book. [laughter] There's a birthday button, a first visit button, an anniversary button, and there are buttons you can fill in the blanks and add your own niche reason to celebrate. Sometimes wearing these buttons, especially the birthday or anniversary ones, will come with a little extra pixie dust, like a celebration cupcake at the next restaurant you visit. But most of the time, you're not going to get a whole lot of special treatment or free stuff for sporting one of these. Mostly wearing a celebration button of any sort will come with its fair share of cast member high fives and shoutouts, but the freebies are more of a rarity to help make them more magical whenever they do happen. Speaking of, those magical moments are literally called magical moments, and they happen when a cast member adds a little extra pixie dust to your trip. That's not always a free dessert. Sometimes that can mean a hotel room upgrade or a one-way ticket up to the front of a ride line with no lightning lane purchase necessary, something like that. Once again, pixie dusting is just as rare as it is random. But you're going to absolutely kill your chances of actually receiving one of these magical moments if you straight up ask for one. I mean, where's the magic in that? Just never go to a Disney World vacation expecting a magical moment like a free upgrade or going to the front of the line to be handed out on a silver platter. Live your vacation out as you normally would and be absolutely shocked and overjoyed if an extra pixie dusting happens to be thrown your way. You know what pixie dust you can ask for, though? The real pixie dust. Over at Sir Mickey's Gift Shop in Bonjour Village Gifts in Magic Kingdom, you can get pixie dusted, aka get your hair all glitterified for free. All you got to do is find one of the fairy godmother cast members holding a special magic wand inside the store. If you ask these cast members for a little dose of pixie dust, you'll get exactly what you asked for. But once you're pixie dusted, it is hard to be unpixie dusted. No, really. You might find lingering glitter for days, even weeks on end, even after multiple showers and scrubdowns have taken place. If you don't mind leaving a little glitter everywhere you go, then this is probably an anti problem for you. But if seeing a little sparkle out of the corner of your eye long after your Disney World vacation wraps up is going to drive you crazy, well, consider yourself warned. So, ride cast members see this struggle all the time. You board a coaster, you immediately pull down on the lap restraints, and then you struggle to stow away your belongings in the little seat pouch in front of you or down at your feet. Cast members will gladly help you get situated before takeoff. So, no need to panic. But if you want to save yourself the extra hassle and mild concern and I don't know, I get kind of embarrassed when I do this when you go to take your seat, get your loose articles and your bags and stuff secured first and then lock yourself in all nice and safe with the laugh bar after that. Cast members don't want to ever turn anyone away from the single rider line, but they will if they need to. Select Disney World attractions have single rider lines that could help you skip over the bulk of the main queue without making any Lightning Lane purchases. But that doesn't mean there's no cost to this single rider strategy. The cost is that your group will be split up to help cast members fill in all the remaining available seats. But keep in mind that if you've got a group member who's under the age of seven, they will not be able to use the single rider line since they'll need a parent or guardian to accompany them the whole time while on the ride. Cast members and table service locations are going to let you order whatever you want to order, but that doesn't mean they're not internally screaming and wishing that they could lead you in a whole other direction. For the record, prefix menus can be a great thing. They take away some of the stress of picking a dish. After all, that being said, not only do these restaurants force you to pay for multiple courses, even if you're not hungry enough to eat multiple courses, but also if you're trying to accommodate for a plant-based diet, you're often ordering what should be some of the cheapest items on these menus. So whether you order the fillet minan or the veggie stir fry, you're paying the exact same price. Just make sure you double check restaurant menus and find out whether the price for these places is actually going to give you the best value or if you're better off eating elsewhere. Unfortunately, it's not uncommon for cast members to see big group blowups during what's supposed to be their magical vacation. There are a lot of factors leading up to a group's final straw. the heat, the exhaustion, the crowds, but many times it also trickles down to someone or multiple someone's just not being heard or not getting to do the things jotted down on their personal mustd do list. If you're traveling with a group, no matter how big that group might be, don't be afraid to split up every now and then to make sure that all your group members can actually do [music] what they want to do, the stuff on their priority list. You can always reconvene at a later time when everyone's in good spirits from accomplishing their bucket list items. Cast members have answers, but maybe not all the answers. Listen, Disney's a massive operation. And while cast members are there to make sure your vacation goes swimmingly without a hitch, or at least fewer hitches than you'd have without them, not every cast member is going to know how to fix every hiccup threatening to throw off your groove. That being said, cast members can always redirect you to another cast member who might be more of an expert on the matter that you're dealing with. So, never be afraid to ask about questions or concerns because if one cast member doesn't know the answer, they can point you towards another who probably does. If you want a professional photo from your Disney World trip, your best bet is to purchase that Photo Pass Memory Maker add-on or to purchase single copies of your favorite Photo Pass photos. But if you just want a Photo Pass photographer to take your picture for free, you can ask them to take a picture of your group with your phone and it'll cost you nothing. There may be some cases where photo pass photographers won't be able to do this for you. So, be aware that these guidelines could vary depending on the photo pass location. And please be mindful of a photographers's time since more than likely they'll only be able to snap one or two photos before sending you on your way cuz they probably have a bunch of other people that they got to take pictures for, too. Okay. Yep. I'm back to talking about motion sickness again. Ride cast members know about this struggle all too well. Non-drowsy Dramamine and motion sickness patches are nifty, but if you have an intense history of motion sickness or you know for a fact that you don't do well on certain rides, respect your body's boundaries no matter how many times your fellow group members are begging you to ride the attraction with them. It can be hard to go against the crowd, especially when you're staring FOMO in the face. But take comfort in knowing that skipping one of the more intense Disney rides could actually help you enjoy more rides and experiences during your Disney day versus forcing you to go on something you know is going to make you feel miserable and tap out of the fun early. Quick example, I know that I used to be able to ride Expedition Everest 17 times back to back after three margaritas. I cannot do that anymore, my friends. That time has passed for me in my life. And now just one ride on Expedition Everest can basically take me down for the count for about an hour and a half to make my stomach stop roing. So just know that about yourself and don't push yourself too hard if you know a ride is not necessarily going to work for you today. All right. This is not a common occurrence, but every now and then you might see more than a Disney duck making the rounds throughout the park. You might see a whole lot more wildlife. You are in Disney World, but that does not mean you are not still in a natural environment, right? And there are lots of animals that get themselves into Disney World that maybe aren't supposed to be there. So, we see a lot of snakes in Disney World. Not a lot. I shouldn't say a lot. I would say we see five or six a year. And we're there every day, but they are around. Right. This is Florida. you're kind of in swamp land, right? [music] So, the important thing to remember if you see a snake on Disney property is that cast members don't want you going out to be a hero. And they certainly don't want you going out to be like the next nature wildlife documentary maker. The best thing you can do if you spot a new reptilian friend is to leave it alone and let a nearby cast member know what's up so they can safely take care of the creature. So, please don't mess around [laughter] with the snakes. Like, this is their habitat, too. And just let the cast members do what they [music] need to do. Same thing with gators, y'all. Don't mess with them. Okay, now this one brings us into customer service territory. Before you apply whatever discount you come across on Disney World's special offers page, whether it be for individual purchases or bundled purchases or trips or whatever, don't forget to read the fine print cuz it might not be exactly the deal you expecting it to be. I just recorded a video that's all about vacation packages, and this is a major point in there, too. Now, cast members do not want you to feel deceived just because you didn't read the details. Here's a good example. Some of the deals that Disney pitches to you may be clearly marketed as a fournight 5day deal or a five night six day deal or whatever. You've seen the marketing language. But when you read the fine print, you actually find that you can book the same discount and apply it to a much shorter trip. So don't feel like you need to push beyond your budget and book 6 days if you only wanted a 4-day vacation cuz that discount could absolutely still apply to a 4-night vacation. You just didn't read the fine print. So, go ahead and read all the fine print. Make sure you know what those limits are. What's one thing that Disney's merchandise cast members wish you knew? Well, when one limited time item leaves, another one enters the chat. Disney launches a lot of limited time snacks and souvenirs pretty much every month, if not every week. And that's because they want you to feel that sense of FOMO. It's what drives you to buying this limited edition stuff in the first place, even if you really didn't want it before. To keep the power of FOMO at bay and to make sure you're only purchasing items you really want while you're in the parks, do your research and come up with a souvenir budget ahead of time, one that you can realistically stick to. Okay, it's a daily occurrence really. You'll be using your phone a lot around Disney World. And between taking a billion photos of Cinderella Castle and booking Lightning Lanes and making last minute dining reservations and checking wait times and mobile ordering and finding out where you are on the map, your phone will give up the ghost eventually. and usually it gives up at the most inconvenient time. So, the best thing you can do to prepare yourself for such a travesty is have a charged up portable battery ready to go. Cast members tend to recommend one of two battery types. The first are the fuel rods, which you can purchase ahead of time on Amazon if you'd like to to get a cheaper price, and then you can swap them out during the day across all of Disney's fuel rod kiosks whenever you're in need of another fully charged battery. And the second are the reliable and slim battery packs with multiple charging ports for multiple phones. These are also super durable and hold a charge for a good long while. So those are two options that cast members do recommend, especially the cast members on our team who have worked in the parks and dealt with this a lot. So ever since COVID 19 and the parks being closed and the hotels being closed, the way that housekeeping services work in the Disney hotels all depends on what type of hotel you're staying at. Those staying at Disney World's Value and Moderate Resorts have access to housekeeping every other day, while those at deluxe resorts have access every single day. And as usual, if you book your stay using Disney Vacation Club or DVC points, you'll get service every other day, unless you're staying longer than 8 days. [music] If you're planning on sticking around for over a week, you'll get a full cleaning service every 4 days instead. All that being said, if you ever need anything from housekeeping before they're scheduled to come by and do their cleaning, don't hesitate to call via your hotel room phone or submit request via your Hey Mickey device, which is like Disney's very own Aexa companion next to the bed. Or you can also do a chat on the My Disney Experience app, and [music] contact someone at your hotel to request whatever you need for housekeeping. But if you'd rather do all the room upkeep yourself or you don't want someone coming in, you can always opt out of housekeeping services completely. Just let a cast member at the hotel check-in desk know at any point throughout your stay that you'd rather be skipped over when it comes to those housekeeping services. Or if you don't have time to swing by the front desk before you start off on your next Disney adventure, go ahead and put the room occupied sign on your door, which will inform housekeepers that you'd prefer they didn't enter your room at this time for tidying purposes. But [laughter] moving even deeper into this whole room occupied thing, let's say you do opt out of housekeeping services. That doesn't mean your room is off limits to cast members. A few years back, Disney made the decision to change their door hanger signs from saying do not disturb to room occupied. The wording is important here, y'all. Before, if one of Disney's housekeepers came across a do not disturb sign on a guest store, they'd skip over the room entirely. But now Disney requires that a cast member enter each occupied room at least once in 24 hours, even when housekeeping services are turned down. Cuz Disney's main priority is to keep you safe, and the room occupied signs alert housekeeping that guests would prefer privacy. But it also gives cast members permission to enter the room regardless if absolutely [music] necessary. Walt Disney himself had theme park disposal down to a science. That's why leading up to Disneyland's opening day, Walt made sure that no matter where you are in the park, you're never more than 30 ft or 30 steps away from a trash can. And that means you don't have to sit your trash down on the curb or a bench and wait for the custodial team to pick it up cuz they'd really rather you didn't. Instead, hold on to your wrappers and gunk till you find the next trash can, cuz I guarantee you, it's not going to take long before you find another one. Getting a Magic Band Plus instead of the regular Magic Band can be super fun for those extra light up and vibrating interactive features. But in order to use those features on a daily basis, you're going to need to remember to charge your Magic Band Plus just like you would your phone. That being said, if you forget to charge your Magic Band Plus and its interactive features stop working halfway through your day, your Magic Band Plus isn't useless. It'll just revert to being a normal Magic Band where you'll still be able to scan in for lightning lanes and open your hotel room door and use those various other nifty features that a regular Magic Band does to make your day more convenient. I actually have a Magic Band Plus and I don't think I've ever charged it. So, that's just a heads up. I still use it all the time as my regular Magic Band. Here's the thing. Popcorn buckets, they are cool. They are useful, especially if your family is a bunch of popcorn loving fiends, since refillable buckets will let you refill on popcorn at participating snack carts for just 250, turning that into your cheapest snack option parkwide. That being said, if you're not like a big popcorn bucket collector or anything, you might be better off just grabbing the normal popcorn buckets instead of the big special edition ones. The specialty ones look very cool, but they can often be super bulky and a pain to carry on top of everything else you might already be carrying around the parks with you. Not to mention, the classic popcorn bucket designs are often the cheaper popcorn bucket options anyway, and they're still refillable. So, we here at DFB, we always recommend using grocery delivery services like Amazon Fresh all the time if you want to save money on dining in the Disney parks. By the way, we're not recommending Kroger anymore because Kroger discontinued their service in Florida, which is a bummer, but you can't use them anymore. So, just use Amazon Fresh. We like them, too. That way, you can get fresh groceries delivered to your resorts lobby to have picnicky items ready to take in the parks with you or breakfasty stuff that you can grab so that you can get into rope drop really, really quickly. That being said, there are a couple of caveats that resort cast members want you to be aware of before you completely rely on any sort of grocery delivery service. If you aren't able to be there for the delivery itself, you can typically pick up your package from the front desk or concierge desk any time during the day. That being said, you may have issues picking up your stuff if it's late at night or if your package was placed in a locked mail room, which is something a few of our DFB writers and me have experienced firsthand in the past. I remember I had a bunch of baby formula delivered to the hotel and diapers when my kid was little little and they put it in a locked mail room and I couldn't get it cuz we didn't arrive till really really late at night and I wasn't able to get the diapers and the baby formula that I needed. So that was a kind of disaster. Anyway, if you stick around for the Magic Kingdom fireworks and don't get back to your hotel until 1:00 a.m. or your flight's super delayed and you don't get there till like after midnight like me, you might have to wait until the next day to pick up your grocery order. Typically, we like to schedule those grocery pickups around a time we know we can be there to get the order in person from the lobby. But if you are like me and bringing stuff you absolutely need, maybe medications or baby formula or diapers, etc., just bring a few in your luggage just so that you've got it. Cast members are not fans of price hikes either, especially when it upsets guests that they're directly working with. Recently, Disney World's shipping locations, like how you can go to a gift shop and ship the things you're buying home, had a major price hike [music] on those shipping prices. And that can really mess up someone's day when they're trying to find out how to get all their souvenirs home that won't fit on the plane ride or fit in their suitcase. [music] So, if you can't fit all your souvenirs in your luggage, it might be better at this point to keep the most expensive items with you and ship the less expensive items home since Disney's package prices are all determined by the value of what you're having shipped. You can also visit nearby postal stores and pack your own items there to help cut down on costs. For example, there's a UPS store in Flamingo Crossings, which is directly next to Disney World, but won't necessarily cost you an arm and a leg to ship your stuff. Don't want to wait in line to check into your Disney hotel room at the front desk? You do not have to. Online check-in opens up on the My Disney Experience app and on the Disney World website 60 days before your arrival. I use it almost exclusively. The benefit of checking in early rather than checking in once you arrive is that a you can skip over waiting in line for the front desk when you get there and instead you can just head on up to your room once it's ready for you. And B, you can put in room requests to improve your chances of getting the exact room type that you want. So, requesting a specific floor, being closer to the elevator, stuff like that. An online check-in is also great cuz it'll let you know when your room is all ready for you by sending you real time updates straight to your phone. Typically, check-in time for the Disney hotel starts at 3:00 p.m., while check-in time for the deluxe villas is at 4:00. But that doesn't necessarily mean your room will be ready right at 3:00 or 4 on the dot. It could be ready at 10:00 a.m. It could be ready at 6:00 p.m. You just never know. So, I always like to kind of have that online check-in done and ready to go. And once they actually do send you the notification that your room's ready, they'll also send you the room number so you can just skip the lobby completely and go straight to your room and use your phone or your Magic Band to open the door. I get it. Y'all want a good view for Disney's nighttime spectacular as well as Magic Kingdom's parades. But let's not lose perspective here. Disney World can be a once- ina-lifetime vacation for a lot of folks. And if that's the case for you, then you really don't want to waste time sitting around for hours just to claim your spot for the show when you could be spending that time getting so much more accomplished during your Disney day. Good rule of thumb for the Magic Kingdom parades is staking out your spot maybe 20 to 30 minutes before it begins while also keeping in mind that both the daytime and nighttime parades tend to run twice a day with the second showing typically having the lighter crowds. When it comes to the fireworks like Happily Ever After in Magic Kingdom, 30 to 45 minutes tends to be a better window for spot saving. You don't just stand there for hours. While Luminous and Epcot and Fantasmic and Hollywood Studios are very, very popular, they could still get you good viewing spots right up till the show begins. Okay, so Disney's custodial team is in charge of cleaning quick service tables to get them prepped and ready for the next round of guests, but that doesn't mean you need to leave all your trash behind after you've finished eating. Usually at Disney's quick service locations, there are plenty of big trash bins and you can bring all of your trash on your tray up and drop it in the trash bin and leave your tray up there. So, make sure to drop any trash that cast members haven't already come by to pick up from your table in the nearest trash can on your way out. Not only will that be a great help for the whole custodial team, but it also frees up tables real fast and is just ultimately a nice thing to do. And we're nice people here, so we might as well share our sunshine with others. Right. Right. This next one is one I have personal experience with multiple times. Accidents happen. Sometimes your kid's going to push their milkshake off the table, or you might be telling a big story and using big hand motions only to knock your milkshake off the table. I get it, spills can be embarrassing cuz you don't want to inconvenience anybody. But custodial cast members would much rather you reach out to them right after a spill happens so they can help you clean it up right away. It's much easier for cast members to clean up a mess when it's all fresh versus clean it up after it's dried and caked to the floor. And here's an extra little bonus tip. This doesn't always happen, but if there is unfortunately a mishap, if the ice cream falls out of the cone or your kid drops their churro like mine did, they will usually be able to furnish you a brand new snack for free. They don't want any tears. They don't want any sad kids or adults [laughter] who lost their snack. So, if you do, you know, drop your ice cream or drop your churo or whatever, they'll probably get you another one for free. Not guaranteed, but it has happened. Okay, one more awesome custodial team note. Not only are they doing a great job keeping these parks clean and gracing us with their pavement water art whenever they get the chance, but they're always free to answer other questions, too, that might be puzzling you, especially when it comes to time-saving shortcuts and under the radar spots to watch a parade or fireworks. So, don't be shy. Ask them questions. And as mentioned before, if they don't have the answer you need, they can always point you in the direction towards someone who will. Cast members have told us before that one of the worst feelings ever is having to turn away guests when a park reaches capacity, even if said guests have already purchased their ticket for the day. To be fair, this does not happen very often. This is not something you should necessarily worry about, but it can happen on super high park traffic days like Fourth of July or Christmas or New Year's Eve. So, what are you supposed to do if you're turned away at the front gates when a park's too crowded to let you in? If you've got a park hopper ticket, you can always hop over to another park for a bit and hope that things die down after a while at your first choice park. And if you're looking for an updated capacity status, just dial 407-560-500 to find out if a certain park is still crowded and packed to the brim and not allowing new people in or if it's back to normal and allowing guests in at this time. Also, Disney might send you a notification through the My Disney Experience app when a park is in phased closure. So, make sure you have it downloaded in order to receive those updates. If you want to tack on a trip protection plan to your upcoming Disney World vacation, a cast member is never going to tell you no. But if you're using a Disney Visa card for your trip, heads up that you may already have trip protection coverage and not need to buy extra. As it turns out, your card may already include vacation delay protection if you use Disney Visa to pay for it, which would reimburse you for things like unexpected hotel stays, meals during delays, toiletries, transportation costs, and other bumps in the road. To qualify for this reimbursement, your trip must be delayed by more than six hours or require an overnight stay due to a covered hazard such [music] as bad weather or mechanical issues. So, be sure to refer to your specific Disney Visa card guide to benefits on the Chase website for limitations and coverage specifics. By the way, even if you don't have a Disney Visa, check your credit card and see if you've got trip protection coverage on it. a lot of them do, and that's always good fine print to read to kind of know what you've got in your arsenal in case things happen on your trip. Now, it's not like I'm not impressed that you can fully recite the stretching room pre-show for Haunted Mansion and Magic Kingdom, but like, let's all keep in mind that there's a high probability that someone else in the room is probably experiencing this attraction for the first time ever. So, let the pre-show recite itself and later on you can impress your friends and me and your family by reciting the whole thing during your lunch break. If you've already noted one of your group members allergy concerns during the advanced dining reservation process, then your server's already seen that concern and has it noted to make sure they can steer your whole group in the safest dining direction while you're ordering. That being said, your server will ask or confirm at the start of your meal if there are allergies they need to be aware of. And it is a-ok okay if you reestablish what you've already noted in your reservation. Servers want you to do that so that they can let the kitchen know about the severity of the allergy as well as have one of the restaurant chefs come out to your table to talk to you about your meal before it kicks off to make you feel as safe and comfortable as possible. This happens all the time at Disney. You are not inconveniencing anybody. They absolutely want you to tell them about allergies and talk to a chef. If you're about to go to Disney World and either you or one of your family members has a special diet that needs to be accommodated, go ahead and scan the QR code you see on the screen right now or click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/special diet so that we can send you our free guide to help you navigate Disney's restaurants and snack stands with allergies, intolerances, and plant-based diets in mind. All right, y'all. Flash on a Dark Ride is terrible. I'm sure you've probably experienced it yourself at some park or another. And Disney cast members have experienced it more times than they care to admit since they're the ones who have to give those guests a proverbial slap on the wrist to make sure the photo offender or the video offender understands that flash photography or video with your flash on really kills the dark ride illusion. So, just be careful when it comes to getting photoappy on these rides and take comfort in knowing that several of Disney's dark rides and coasters already have on ride photos and videos you can purchase thanks to photo pass. There aren't many places you can go inside the Disney parks where Disney won't be able to see you. [laughter] Some security cameras are easier to spot, some are more difficult, and some are completely disguised around the different lands and gift shops and cues. Even the rides have hidden cameras, and not just for photo pass purposes. These cameras make sure that if someone were to do something completely off color that'd be dangerous to them and other nearby guests, a cast member would be able to catch them in the act and stop the ride before things get out of hand. So, if you ever see a small red circle glowing while you're on a ride, that's a camera. Say [music] cheese. Besides the video surveillance, there are also a lot of plain closed security guards throughout the parks. So, that sea of guests you see in front of you, there's a good chance that at least one or two of those guys is actually Disney security in disguise. It almost feels Truman Showesque, right? So, what kind of things do these plain closed security members keep an eye on? Aside from potential guest altercations, they're also making sure nothing gets sneakily swiped off the store shelves or the guests aren't abusing the Lightning Lane system. You know, just making sure everyone's keeping on their best behavior. While playing close security are pretty hard to spot if you're not looking for them cuz they're literally blending in with everybody else. If you see a Disney dadlike character standing by himself wearing a sneaky little earpiece, then you might have accidentally stumbled upon one. If you ever have an experience with a cast member who makes you think, "Wow, now that was a person whose kindness really went above and beyond," then you need to make sure Disney knows who's taking the time to show off that Disney magic. [music] The easiest way to do that is by leaving a cast compliment in the Disney World app. Your [snorts] compliment doesn't just go to the cast member who you're shouting out, but it's also viewed by the cast member's whole leadership team, which could help out a whole lot with recognition within the company. So, do not hold back. Pay it forward. Leave those cast compliments. They absolutely make a difference for those cast members. Lots of people see them and those cast members are recognized as well. Okay. It's fun to try all the different drinks at Epcot's Festival food booths. I know you can only order two drinks per valid ID at a time. So if you want to order three or more, someone else has to go with you to order with you. And that someone else also has to be 21 and over with a valid ID. We get in trouble with this all the time when we are covering those festivals because as you know we order everything at the booth and that includes multiple drinks and so sometimes we have to schedule for two reporters to go to a booth at the same time so they can get all the drinks they need to get. Your Disney dining plan table service credits cover pretty much all of your meals during vacation, but they will not cover gratuitity for your server. So, please, please, please remember to budget for your server's tip, even if you've already pre purchased a standard dining plan, cuz these folks work so hard to make sure your meal isn't just an efficient one, but a memorable one. Okay. The cast members around Disney's complimentary transportation services like the Montreal, the Skylliner, buses, boats, might have collectible transportation trading cards for you to pick up. All you got to do is ask about them and see if you can collect them all. Are you ready to get back to planning your Disney World vacation with all of these cast member tips? Of course you are. If you like this cast member video, which I hope you did, we do have more CM driven videos already live on the channel, like our former employees reveal 50 Disney World secrets, which was a really, really fun one to make. So, be sure to check that out next if you want to keep the behind the curtain secrets rolling. And don't forget to download our free DFB ride everything guide if you haven't already over at disneyfoodblog.com/every. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog, and we'll see you real soon.
