---
video_id: 8SXBjVVeprs
channel: DFBGuide
title: "50 Things Disney World Employees HATE That You Do"
published: 2026-02-09
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8SXBjVVeprs
---
There are rules, both spoken and unspoken, that you need to follow during your Disney World Day. When we asked our team of former Disney cast members what guest shenanigans really have the potential to ruin their day, this is what they wanted you to know. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. I am really fortunate to work with not just a group of Disney experts, but also a group made up of a lot of folks who've worked directly for Disney in the parks in the past, giving us a little insider sneak peek behind the curtain of stuff. For today's video, we asked our former CMS about the things they hate that Disney guests do just cuz it ruins trips and moods or even future trips if folks really push things out of line. And these are the things they wanted me to address to make sure everybody's taken care of, guests and cast members alike. So, first is trying to peek backstage. Walt Disney himself wanted the parks to be as immersive as possible, which is why he established a whole lot of rules for cast members and guests to follow early on. One of which includes guests not going backstage or peeking backstage, which is where cast members go to transfer between lands and take breaks and kind of keep the magic of the parks alive. Backstage is kind of where the sausage is made. That's why it's called Backstage. Disney thought of his parks like a show. And as a guest or an audience member, you don't go backstage, right? You see what's playing out on stage. And not only are guests not allowed to sneak backstage because of potential illusion breaking stuff back there, but Disney also often uses these backstage areas for storage, including places to park construction equipment. So, this rule also exists to keep everyone safe. And when we asked our former cast members about the backstage areas, one of our writers responded by saying, "Those places are boring anyways. Not worth getting banned from the parks for life just to see what's going on back there." If you really want a behind-the-scenes look into select areas around the parks, search for backstage tour opportunities listed on Disney's special tours and events pages. There are lots of experience listed on this page that you can tack onto your park days, including the keys to the kingdom tour for Magic Kingdom, Wild Africa Trek for Animal Kingdom, and lots of others as well. Those will take you backstage. You won't be able to take pictures, but you'll at least be able to see it and maybe kind of quell that curiosity a little bit. Now, we love the cast member custodial team. Not only do they keep the Disney parks nice and tidy, but they're super creative, too. And every now and then, you can watch a custodial cast member create water art on the sidewalks. and it's so impressive. So, if you see a small crowd starting to gather around one of the custodial members, don't just keep walking by. More than likely, they're about to add their version of Pixie Dust to the sidewalk, even if it only sticks around temporarily. Now, heads up to all you college kids or soon to be college kids or just became not college kids that are thinking about joining the Disney College Program. Our DFB team, like I said, is made up of a lot of cast members and a lot of those are former Disney College Program members, too. and they put their heads together to create a free DCP quick guide for anyone who wants to know the ins and outs of applying for and working for Mickey Mouse himself. So, go ahead and scan the QR code you see on the screen now or click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/col after this and we'll send that guide to your email. It doesn't matter that Disney World is a very kid-focused place. There are still lots of rides around property that could even intimidate the grown-ups of your group. Even I skip Mission Space most of the time because I just don't need that in my life at the moment. Now, I know it can be disappointing when your kid doesn't want to ride something, but it's important to hear them out. In some situations, like the all rider sort of attractions, it's understandable to talk your kiddos through their fears and try to convince them to ride the attraction anyways, like Small World and stuff like that. It might even be helpful to look up a POV video like our friends over at All Ears have for lots of the Disney World rides on their YouTube page just so that kids can see what the ride is like before blindly getting on it. But when it comes to the coasters, they're just now tall enough to ride or some of those scarier versions of rides. Our cast member crew suggests it might be better for the sake of your own trip to skip the ride for now or even ride a few tamer Disney attractions first to help warm them up to the idea of something a little more thrilling. I've told this story a couple of times on this channel, but I had a little kid. He was probably three at the time, maybe two even, and he was tall enough to ride Big Thunder Mountain Railroad and really wanted to because he'd ridden some coasters before and liked them. And we got on Big Thunder Mountain Railroad over in Disneyland and he decided that was not something he needed to repeat. And I lost him. He wouldn't ride any rides for like 4 years after that. So, definitely take your kids thoughts into consideration. And if you think something's a little too scary or a little bit too much for them, potentially have a conversation with them about it before they ride. Along the same lines, cast members know when a family is trying to get their youngest group member onto a ride that the kid just isn't tall enough to ride yet. The spiking up the hair trick, the platform shoe trick, the stand really high in your tippy toes trick. Yep, they've seen it all and it never works because cast members want to keep those kids safe. Cast members hate to turn kids away from these attractions, but they will if necessary. So, it's best to save everybody from the heartbreak and research ride height requirements before your trip so you know which rides are the ones your kids can ride. Also, don't forget that Rider Switch exists, which will help everyone in your group who is able to ride actually be able to ride. To use Rider Switch, you'll need to talk to the cast member at the entrance of the ride. And just a heads up, Rider Switch isn't just for little kids either. Anyone who can't or doesn't want to ride doesn't need to wait alone while the rest of the group rides. You can use Rider Switch whenever it's most convenient for your group. Sometimes the Disney parks stay open late for after hours events and holiday parties or extended evening hours. Whenever these parties or events happen, cast members will distribute wristbands to those who purchased these extra tickets or in the case of extended evening hours, those who are eligible for late night extravaganzas cuz they're staying at a deluxe level Disney resort during their vacation. But cast members without fail always seem to run into a guest or two who want to see how long they can stay in the parks during these events without getting caught. And I'll tell you right now, it's not long at all. Several areas around these parks will serve as wristband checkpoints. This is where cast members will ask you to hold up your wrist so that they can see your band nice and clear before giving you the green light. And if your wrist is bandless and you don't have any proof of party purchase, you're going to be escorted out of the park just to keep things fair. Now, during this last Christmas season, I was at Magic Kingdom on the night that a very merry Christmas party was going to be happening. But I had one of the last dining reservations of the day over at Beacon Barrel. Now, to make sure I didn't get in trouble for being at the park during a time when non-party guests were required to hit the road, I too was given a wristband saying that I was allowed to dine here. The wristband, though, was a dining wristband. It said guest dining, not a party wristband. Basically telling cast members that I'm allowed to be here right now cuz I was just finishing up my meal, but now I'm heading towards the exit before the festivities begin like the good noodle that I am. Okay, this isn't just a cast member pet peeve. Literally, everyone hates this. There are several folks inside the parks who've been to Disney World lots of times before, but there are also those in the parks who are experiencing Disney World for the first time ever. So, even if you do know a ride's pre-show dialogue, word for word, like you might for Haunted Mansion and Magic Kingdom or Saurin in Epcot, please recite it in your heart and not out loud, just to avoid the death glares from everyone in the pre-show room. This isn't some cruel injustice against the Disney ducks, even though our feathered friends might try to convince you otherwise. Disney has it as a rule that feeding the wildlife is not allowed cuz it's not good for the animals tummies. Not to mention, these animals can get too reliant on humans feeding them, which means they stop relying on their natural hunter gatherer skills and start relying on handouts from guests, which could make them even more aggressive in turn. I'm sure that a lot of you have had very aggressive squirrels and birds in Disney World kind of attack your meal. Best not to disrupt the ecosystems natural balance, y'all. No matter how big those malard pleading eyes get. And now we are entering into the character zone of our video. Our fellow cast member Compadres had a lot to say about character interactions and character sightings and meet and greets, too, as well as what not to do during them. So, we've gathered them all up into this special section of the video. So instead of having you search another dimension for them, here's where they are. You might already have the picture perfect idea all planned out for your next photo pass spot. Mickey Mouse cradling your precious bundle of joy. But let me thoroughly squash those dreams of yours real quick, cuz characters are not allowed to hold your baby. Not even for a brief snapshot. That's not because Mickey Mouse doesn't love meeting your baby or anything. It's just an overall safety issue. Characters are also not allowed to help you plan out a gender reveal or hold on to your sonograms for baby announcements. General rule of thumb here, just don't ask the characters to hold on to something important or really anything. They'll sign autograph books, and absolutely they'll hold Disney plushies that look like them. But if you're wanting them to hold a pink and blue ribbon, of which one holds the very gender answers your family is dying to know, then no dice. Not going to happen. Characters are not allowed to do that. Now, that's not to say your perfect photo pass ideas can't be played out whatsoever. You're just going to have to be the main part of them. You can hold your own baby as Mickey Mouse stares down lovingly. You can hold your own baby announcement as Goofy gives you a big old thumbs up, and you can show your pink onesie to Minnie Mouse and have her absolutely ecstatic to celebrate with you. As long as the characters are not directly making these announcements or holding these kinds of items or infants, they'll be more than happy to react to your big news. Some of our former cast members who worked closely with the characters mentioned that it could be really awkward if a guest overstays their welcome with a certain friend. I mean, it's understandable to want to make the most of your time with them, especially if you waited in a long line for the chance to do so. But it's always important to be considerate of other guests who are also waiting patiently for the chance to interact with these pals, too. You may have to prepare your kiddos for meet and greets ahead of time by telling them that they're just going to have a short meeting with their friends, not a full-on playd date. This can help prevent any meltdowns when it's time to leave Cinderella or Goofy behind and let the next guest take their turn. The viral 67 trend that nobody really understands doesn't exist in Arendelle, Neverland, or the 100 Acre Wood, nor does Tik Tok or Roblox. None of it. So, just so we're clear, it's best not to ask a character about anything that doesn't exist in their own universe. Ask Rapunzel about anything around the Kingdom of Corona. From how Flynn's doing to her latest chalk art creation to where Pascal's hiding this time, but don't ask her about who's going to win the Super Bowl, cuz she's not going to know what you're talking about. Snow White might be your favorite character of all time, and you might think that wearing your fullon Snow White cosplay to the park is a form of flattery, but what it is actually is a way for you to get kicked out of the park. Guests who are 14 years old or older are not permitted to wear costumes where you'll be posing as or portraying the Disney characters. This is just to keep younger guests from getting the real Snow White and your version of Snow White confused. Don't worry, your kid can still dress up like Cinderella as long as they're under 14. But here's the important piece to know. Depending on when you're in the parks, those cosplay rules might go out the window for a brief period of time. For instance, if you've got separate tickets purchased for Mickey's Nots So Scary Halloween Party in Magic Kingdom or any of the Run Disney races, Disney costumes aren't just allowed, they're encouraged. But other than that, if you really want to dress like your favorite character, consider Disney bounding instead, where you're going to dress in regular park clothes that simply give a nod to the character instead of full-on becoming the character. One more character point, and this one's ultra important for all of you grown-ups out there. I'm going to answer this question for you so you don't have to waste the question on the characters when you see them. Yes, when you're meeting Belle or Donald or Captain Jack Sparrow or Cinderella, you're meeting that character right off the screen. So, now that we've gotten that out of the way, this is your chance to come up with a super interesting list of questions while you're waiting in line that'll actually trigger some fun character interactions and responses. Because how cool is it that we get the chance to pick our favorite characters brains? For example, ask Belle for her book recommendations or ask Goofy how Max is doing. Ask Sully if he misses his scaring days or ask Tiger how high he can bounce on a good day. It doesn't make sense to ask a character something that they wouldn't understand because it's not in their story. You might have a lot of pride about asking for directions, but cast members wish you didn't. Cast members want to help make your day easier. They want to point you in the right direction toward Tron light cycle run. They want to show you where their favorite place to watch the parades is. They want you to ask the questions about the best lightning lanes to select and they want you to feel like they can take a little bit of that weight off your shoulders. And if they don't know the answer to whatever question you're asking, they'll still be able to point you towards someone who will. Thanks to Disney's cultural representative program, each World Showcase Pavilion in Epcot is staffed with cast members who come from their pavilion's actual country. And that means you can learn a ton from these cultural representatives about their international hometowns, from the language to the dining recommendations to even their own Disney parks. It's also fun to ask cultural representatives about their favorite rides in Disney World or what they're going to miss the most when they have to travel back home at the end of their program. Sure, you don't want to take up too much of a cast member's time if they're super busy with other matters, but what you'll find more often is that the cultural representatives are more than eager to talk to you about something beyond workrelated stuff. Whether you bring your own stroller from home or rent one through the park or rent one through a third party service, your stroller is not going to be able to join you everywhere in Disney World. Strollers will need to be parked outside before getting in lines for rides or going into most indoor show buildings and dining inside restaurants. More than likely, finding where you need to park your stroller in the area will be clearly advertised. You just need to find the massive sea of other strollers nearby. But if you're having trouble knowing where exactly your stroller needs to go, you can always ask a cast member for a bit of extra help. But heed this warning. Your stroller could very well be moved from the place you originally parked it when you come back outside. If a cast member needs to move your stroller for any particular reason, usually to make room for more strollers or to avoid creating a bottleneck, there's no need to panic. Your stroller is never going to be moved all the way over to the other side of the park for an impromptu game of hide-and-seek or anything, but it could be shifted deeper into the stroller sea than you would remember. In order to easily track your stroller down, whether it's shifted from where you last put it or not, give your stroller an easy to identify marker, like a banner with your name on it, or maybe a colorful bandana tied around the handle or something like that. Lots of people say to do balloons, but personally, having been in the park with a stroller with a balloon tied to it, I highly recommend against it because that balloon will just hit you and everybody else in the face all day long and it's a nightmare. So, colorful bandana, let's go with that. Long lines, heavy foot traffic, tired and agitated kids. Things that normally stress someone out tend to get amplified and multiplied in Disney World when you've been walking 20,000 steps in the 90° heat. So, it's very common to see people snap. And it's not a magical sight. Getting frustrated, normal. But getting frustrated and taking it out on a cast member or another guest, that's where everyone's got to draw the line. Unfortunately, our cast member crew has several stories about unruly guests that they've encountered in the past. But that being said, our cast members want to warn y'all that if you see some sort of meltdown happening, it is important that you remove yourself from the situation and track down a nearby cast member so that they can call security ASAP. More than likely, Disney's Planelo security team is probably already spotted what's going on and is getting ready to swoop in to deescalate. But if you feel as if things are starting to get heated, then don't put yourself in harm's way trying to be a hero. Disney's security will take care of things and they'll do a great job with it. Being late and missing your dining reservation that you worked so hard to get is frustrating enough, but what really adds salt to that open wound is getting charged a no-show fee on top of that, which more often than not is $10 per person. Once again, it's not a cast member's fault that this feast is taken out of your account, but if you're way late to your dining reservation, we're talking past that 15-minute grace period, they will have to give up your table to someone else on their walk up wait list to kind of keep the flow going. Most reservations can be cancelled up to 2 hours before it's time for you to arrive at the restaurant. So, if you know you're not going to make it there on time, the sooner you can get that canceled on your My Disney Experience app, the better. And if it's already sort of past that two-hour window, go ahead and call Disney. They'll give you a number to call and they should be able hopefully to cancel it for you. You have lots of opportunities to tell a restaurant about your food allergies. When you make dining reservations online, there's a questionnaire. Disney will ask you to know any allergies that they should know about in advance. And when you arrive at the restaurant itself, servers will ask you about allergies. Again, just a double, triple, and quadruple check on the matter. Even if you have a mild allergy, don't lie and say you don't have any because servers can still point you away from the items that'll trigger mild allergic reactions, too, or let you know that things are cooked or prepared in a kitchen that has the thing that you're allergic to, even mildly. So, speak up and don't forget to look at online menus ahead of time, which will have allergyfriendly items listed toward the bottom. For more information about dining around Disney World with special diets in mind, go ahead and download our free Disney special diets guide by scanning the QR code you see on the screen now or clicking on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/sp specialcial diet after this. Unless your ball cap is super glued to your head, you need to remove hats, glasses, mini ears, you name it, before most of the roller coasters take off. Our former cast members have told us that reminding guests to do this after they board a ride can kind of rub people the wrong way, but that doesn't make it any less of a requirement. Even on slower coasters, loose articles can get caught up in the wind and away they go, which is not only a disappointment to the owner of said loose article, because that's more than likely gone for good now, but it's also a major safety hazard for other folks on the ride. Roller coaster trains should have a front pouch or storage unit in front of you that you can and should use to stow away your stuff for the duration of the ride. Otherwise, you can always have a non-riter hold on to it for you. Or you can invest in a park locker toward the front of the parks to keep your stuff in for the time being. Or in the case of Tron Light Cycle Run in Magic Kingdom, you'll have free lockers midway through the queue to rely on. Cast members aren't all work and no play. This is Disney World after all, a place for making magic. So, if a cast member wants to show you a quick magic trick or show off their impression of Donald Duck, then let them. A little moment like that could become one of the highlights of your day just cuz it's quaint and special and a good reminder that cast members are truly the heart of these parks. Let's get this out of the way. Yes, cast members earn complimentary tickets heavy on the earn. These comp tickets aren't unlimited, so CMS will reserve the ones they have for their close friends and family members. But as our former cast members have told us before, that doesn't exactly stop people from asking for free passes. And it certainly doesn't stop people from sending those, "Hey friend, long time no see ulterior motive text messages from people that they haven't spoken to in years." Just remember, cast members work hard for those extra ticket perks. So they're free in a sense, but they're also paid for through long shifts and magic making. Cast members see this all the time, unfortunately. A guest will reach in their pocket, pull out a vape, take a quick puff when they think nobody's looking, but Disney's got cameras and plain close security and regular security everywhere. One little puff might just lead to a whole lot of trouble. Designated smoking areas still exist around Disney property, but in 2019, all those designated areas that used to exist in the parks were removed. Nowadays, designated smoking areas are all stationed outside of the parks instead of inside. To find a full list of designated smoking areas for the parks and hotels, you can always ask a cast member to help you track them down. Or you can check out the interactive map on your My Disney Experience app. The top of the map, there'll be a list of filters to choose from. Those are very interesting, by the way. Check them all out. And you can scroll until you find the guest services option and select it. Any designated smoking areas will be labeled with a little cigarette icon. When you're walking around Disney, just minding your own business, every now and then you'll find a random taped off square on the ground with cast members standing nearby. This is what cast members call a clap box. And stepping into said box will trigger the thunderous claps and applause and cheers from affforementioned cast members. But as soon as you step out of it, the applause stops. Kiddos and adults alike really get a hoot out of this. So if you see a taped off box along the park path, just step in it. See what happens. Now, during the parades and fireworks, when it seems that every single person in the park is crowding around to watch the show, Disney requires walkways and paths to remain open for those passing by so a major traffic jam doesn't happen and keep folks at a standstill. They also need paths open in case of emergencies. So, this is another way that cast members use tape, and they wish you'd pay attention to it. Cast members create a taped-off area in bounds of the show to keep the walkways clear for traffic. Tape is very, very useful in the world of cast members. Now, if you ignore a taped-off clap box, that's fine. But if you ignore a taped-off area for one of the shows, that's a safety hazard, and a cast member will ask you to leave the area and find a spot within the taped off section to watch the fireworks or parade. The closer it gets to showtime, the more sparse these spaces within the tape become. So, it's best to stake out your spots a little bit early, like 30 minutes or so, before it all kicks off. Getting sick on vacation is the worst. But one of the most important things you can do if you find yourself coming down with a bug in Disney World is to stay put and not force yourself to go to the theme park anyways. Staying back in the hotel to rest and maybe chat with Advent Health via the My Disney Experience app when you get the chance because they do have teaalth options there is the best option for you and also everybody else because if you do have something serious, you don't want to spread anything to other guests and cast members. If you plan on hiding out at your resort for the day, or at least in the morning so you can grab some extra sleep, but you're really needing some over-the-c counter meds, you can always check your resort's gift shop for some basic painkillers, which will be slightly overpriced, but they'll probably get the job done. There for a while, there was this rumor going around saying that Disney World always will give you a free shirt if you come to the park wearing an inappropriate one. But our cast member crew has shot that rumor down real fast. More than likely, if a guest comes up to the park gates wearing something unseemly or inappropriate for the parks based on Disney's rules, one of three things is going to happen. You'll be forced to buy a new shirt from the nearest Disney gift shop. You'll be asked to go back to your hotel and change before you're allowed in the park, or you'll be asked to turn the shirt inside out for the remainder of the day. None of these are fun options, so it's best not to gamble on something that you're not going to win anyways. And hey, if you're really strapped for something to wear for your upcoming Disney World trip, we got a lot of different t-shirts and sweatshirts and tank tops on the DFB store website that are totally appropriate for the parks and you can choose from them so you don't have to pay the uh Disney World gift shop prices. And since we're on the subject of myths, there are a few that cast members would love for us to debunk as well. Myth number one, yelling Andy's coming will not cause the Toy Story characters to fall over. All it does is make the offender look silly. However, if Sarge the toy soldier yells it like he will during Roundup Rodeo Barbecue in Hollywood Studios, then you need to freeze in place until the coast is clear. Myth number two, cast members can control the weather. Some folks have been led to believe that Disney has some sort of a weather dome over the parks that cast members can change at will. I'm not kidding you. People actually believe this. But rest assured, if cast members could control the weather, they certainly would not be choosing to stand out in 90 degree weather for hours at a time. Myth number three, cast members can't say, "I don't know." There's a slight bit of truth to this one. Even if a cast member doesn't know the answer to a question being asked, they're encouraged to say something that's not going to put guests at a dead end. So instead of, "I don't know," or "No, I can't do that," cast members are encouraged to say something like, "Let me go find out for you," or "Let's go find someone who can help you out with that." or even that's a great question. Let's find out the answer together. Okay, back to the fashion faux paw. Even if a guest isn't wearing a t-shirt that's flatout offensive, they've still got to be mindful of other basic Disney dress codes to keep in cast members good graces. For example, if someone's booking a really fancy dinner over at Victoria and Alberts inside the Grand Fian Resort, there is a more formal dress code attached to that experience that guests have to adhere to. Also, if someone's in a public Disney space like the buses or inside the hotel lobby, they can't go walking around in bare feet. Yep, our cast members have seen it all. Disney dress codes aren't hard to follow, and they're a whole lot less strict for guests than they are for cast members, but just make sure that you're following the right dress codes depending on where you are. And save the barefoot parade for when you're back in the comfort of your hotel room, unless that kind of creeps you out, too. Cast members care about your safety, which is why they're begging you to please read the issued warnings posted outside the rides before boarding. While some Disney rides are smooth sailing, others might be dangerous for people with high blood pressure, back and neck problems, expectant mothers, or those with major motion sickness sensitivities. This is especially true for rides like Mission Space and Epcot and Space Mountain and Magic Kingdom. Also, I have a real problem with Expedition Everest in Animal Kingdom, and Rock and Roller Coaster in Hollywood Studios can cause problems with backs and necks. Though, you should never assume that a ride is completely safe to ride if you have any sort of underlying health conditions. So, read up and play it safe rather than taking a risk. So, about that weather dome. Out of all the myths, cast members truly do wish they had the power to keep Orlando rainstorms at bay. If part of a cast member's shift has them stationed outside, they'll likely have to huddle in their ponchos and strategically placed umbrellas to keep dry. Weather dome sounding better and better. If the weather gets too bad, of course, Disney will have their cast members duck for cover in less precarious locations. Now, here's where things can get a little rough. Cast members have to ensure that guests aren't huddling under shelter that could potentially block a ride queue, an entrance, a pathway, etc. So, there are times that a cast member might be standing under a nearby Disney stationed umbrella reserved solely for cast members to help them keep from getting absolutely drenched as much as possible, but other guests will try to huddle under the umbrella and join them. And that's when a cast member will have to tell those guests to find shelter elsewhere, which is never a fun conversation for them to have. So, don't make them have to have that spiel for your group. But much like the cast members, you're going to want to brace yourself for potential downpours, too, by packing your ponchos, your umbrellas, and maybe even a change of dry clothes or socks in your park bag just in case. Nothing worse than a wet sock induced blister. If there's a certain table that you really, really, really want at a sit-down restaurant, like one with a fireworks view, you can make your request known at the host stand when you check in. But that doesn't mean you're going to be guaranteed that table. So, you might just have to settle for whatever is available and count your losses. Now, if you do get seated somewhere else that's not your priority table and you see your priority table become available halfway through your meal, cast members really would rather you not ask them if you can move. For starters, your server isn't in charge of table assignments, and each server is assigned to a certain number of tables each shift. So, moving guests from one table to another midmeal could definitely kind of screw up the server rotation and take away a table from another server who was actually scheduled to work that table. If it's a fireworks view you're after, it's best to book reservations for the restaurants that can help guarantee those views, like California Grill in the Contemporary Resort, where you can literally go out to the fireworks viewing platform no matter where you're seated. It's one thing to walk right up to the register of an Epcot Festival food booth that has zero line, but if you do have to wait in a line before ordering, you might as well use that time to figure out what you actually want to order before you reach the register. Cast members will never rush you if you're still trying to make a decision, but it helps them out a whole lot if you've already got your food and drinks picked out. They also love it if you have your payment method out and ready to use before your order, too, just to keep things moving quickly and efficiently for everybody in line behind you. Remember, there are menus in front of each booth online and in your festival passport, so you never have to wait until the last second to figure things out. And this goes for all quick service locations, too. Sometimes people wait in like a 30 minute line to order their food and then they still don't know what they want when they get to the front. I know it's happened to me. I've done it, too. So, just think about that before you get in line. Cast members are totally cool with you bringing your own picnic-l like snacks into the parks to help save money on dining. In fact, they do it, too. and they enjoy said picnic snacks while they're taking their breaks backstage. But Disney does have rules when it comes to what you pack to munch and sip on. And if you break those rules, cast members have to confiscate those items before you reach the front gate. When packing your lunch or snacks for the day, make sure you don't bring outside alcohol. Foods in glass containers unless it's a jar of baby food. foods that require heating, reheating, processing, or refrigeration. And last, but not least, pungent foods like stinky cheeses or seafood. Cast members don't want anyone to feel like they've been taken advantage of, especially if you've been patiently waiting for a ride or show like you should. And that's why they really don't have a whole lot of tolerance for folks who cut in line. And yes, they're also familiar with the whole my family's toward the front of the line trick. No use trying to pull the wool over their eyes. The only ways that you can skip over the bulk of the main attraction queue is by purchasing Disney's skip the ride line service, Lightning Lanes, which will put you in a whole different much shorter line ahead of the main one, or trying the single rider route for the select few rides that have single rider available. Now, if you need to leave the line for emergency purposes, like a restroom break that cannot wait, this is a completely different scenario, and cast members will help you get back in line after you're finished up with your business. Just let a cast member in the queue know that you'll be leaving the line for a quick restroom emergency, but you'll be returning to catch up with your family when you get back and they'll be understanding about that. Okay, I know the feeling. You scan your park ticket, you scan your finger, and then the blue light around the Mickey head flashes warning you that you lose. You don't get in. You stole fizzy lifting drinks and you are not getting into Disney World today. So, cast members run into this all the time. And even though it's embarrassing and it's panic worthy and you're just freaked out about what everybody around you is thinking or maybe that's just me, I don't know. Don't worry. More often than not, the reason your ticket doesn't give you the all clear is because you chose the wrong finger or your finger wasn't placed flat on the scanner or whatever. Remember, the finger you used to scan the first time you head into a park is the one you use all vacation long. So, don't forget which one you used. And if it's not your fingerprint causing the holdup, then cast members will pull you aside and have guest services help you figure things out. Again, do not panic. Technology can be finicky. Just take deep breaths, work cordially alongside the guest services cast member, and you'll be in the park soon. The one silver lining that comes with the cost of Disney's alcoholic beverages is that bartenders who work at the bars and lounges do not get skimpy on the booze. So, you don't have to worry about getting one of those super sugary cocktails and only getting a drop of alcohol out of them. But, you know what it also means? You got to be careful. Cast members see it all the time. There are the guests who think, "How hard could a Disney beverage really go?" And then they learn the truth. Disney tries to help guests pace themselves by training cast members to limit guests to no more than two alcoholic beverages per transaction at quick service locations. And that goes for Epcot's festival booths, too. But let's say you're in Epcot. You buy two boozy drinks in Mexico. You take a few steps out of the pavilion, and then suddenly you're in Norway where you can once again buy more booze. And just remember to take care of yourself. All right? Limit your consumption. Eat plenty of carbs. Drink plenty of water between the boozy beverages. Maybe swap some cocktails out for mocktails when you can cuz those are cheaper, too. Right. Right. It's not just cast members who hate this. I hate this because I always feel like a victim in this situation. Several times before, I've been searching for a free table at a quick service spot, tray of food already purchased and in hand, only to find that there are no tables, but plenty of people sitting at tables with no food. I get it. Sounds like a good idea to send someone in your group to sit at the first table that you see free up, but if you haven't yet gotten your food, it's better to just wait and let someone who does have their food grab that seat instead. It's not like they're going to be sitting there for 3 hours. They'll probably be there for 20 minutes, which is just about long enough to go wait in line and get your food. Disney's taken action on seat saving in the past, especially during really busy times of year. We've seen this at Connections Eery and Cafe, specifically inside Epcot, where cast members wouldn't allow you to sit until you had your food. And I've also seen it done over at Pinocchio Village House. It was really nice because it kept things moving along and efficient. But even if you come across a restaurant that doesn't have cast members trying to keep the piece, uh, it's best to try to keep it yourself and hopefully others will pay it forward. You'll hear the overhead announcements inside an attraction's queue warning you to not use flash photography whatsoever during the experience. And yet, our team of former cast members told us that flash photography happens anyways all the time. Disney takes this rule very seriously because the flash of a camera could ruin other guests experience, become a major safety concern for live performers, and possibly damage some light sensitive materials in the attractions. Sometimes the flash setting accidentally happens on your phone's camera just because it recognizes you're taking a photo or video in a dark setting. So, if you're worried about it triggering, it's best to just put away the camera altogether and rely on Disney's OnRide photo pass system available inside select attractions to get the picture or videos for you. Disney's rides are ultra sensitive and thank goodness for that. Would rather keep everyone safe then, you know, sorry. So that means if someone reaches a hand too far out of the ride vehicle or tries to stand up or drop something onto the track, the whole ride is probably going to shut down immediately. And getting it to start back up again can take some time. It's not uncommon for Disney rides to break down due to maintenance issues. But Disney rides would have a whole lot less downtime if folks just followed the rules and enjoyed the ride without causing mayhem. So, as the safety spills go, keep your hands, arms, feet, legs, bodies, lounge flies, and third cousins twice removed inside the ride vehicle at all times. So, let's say you do end up on a ride that breaks down and breaks down big time. If you do get stuck on a ride to the point where you'll have to do a full evacuation, there are three rules that cast members need you to follow. First, don't panic. No big deal. It's happened before. You'll get out of there. Two, stay seated. And three, listen to the cast members. Cast members are going to do their best to get you out of there as soon as possible, but more importantly, they want to make sure you get out of there safely. So, you might have to hang tight for a little bit longer just based on where exactly your ride vehicle is stuck on the track. More than likely, after you've evacuated a ride, there'll be cast members toward the exit ready to give you experience redemption passes or something as their way of saying, "Sorry, this happened. Hope this patches it up." Not a guarantee, but it's always worth checking on regardless. How's a cast member supposed to celebrate your special day if they don't even know you're celebrating? If you're going to Disney to celebrate your birthday, your engagement, or even something super niche like getting the lead role in your community theater show, congratulations. Then you need to get a free celebration button so cast members can celebrate with you. Celebration buttons can be picked up at the front desk of your resort or at guest services or at various Disney gift shops. So really, you have no excuse not to get one. And cast members really, really, really love the opportunity to make a guest's day. Okay. Pin trading. Cast members will trade their pins on their lanyards. That's why they have them. But it's crucial that you always ask for permission before reaching out to trade one of your pins for one of theirs. That's probably already a given to you since the idea of someone tugging on your scarf or necklace without permission might be enough to send you into a tizzy. Definitely would be for me. But our cast members have dealt with eager traders before, so it's good to have a refresher on these sorts of things just in case it's valuable for you. Also, remember, only two pin trades per person per cast member. Once you've traded your allotted two, it's time to move things right along and find another cast member to trade with. There are secret cast members working in the parks, and they're not human. If you ever notice the snack cart has been given a giant cast member name tag, then treat them with the utmost cast member respect because they've earned it. And know that this name tag means something significant to one of our human cast member friends. When a cast member receives a cast compliment or does something exceptional that deserves a little extra recognition, they get to name one of the food carts. What would you name a Disney food cart? I'm thinking Reginald, maybe. Or Bill after the best team in the NFL. Sorry. Remember that you can send cast compliments to any cast member who makes your day in Disney World through the My Disney Experience app. Just tap on the three bars at the bottom of the screen, scroll down, and locate the cast compliments option. By the way, for those of you who know my script writer, Bria, she is not a Bills fan like I am. And so, every time she has to put a Buffalo Bills reference in these videos, I get a little eye roll emoji next to it. So, uh, just just understand that for those of you who don't share my preferences for NFL teams, Bria is on your side. Okay. It's not just snack carts that have the ability to become cast members. Service animals who tag along with their human cast members also become honorary cast members. And I know it's tempting. You want to go up and pet that beautiful puppy dog wearing Mickey ears and sporting a name tag. But at the end of the day, these furry cast members are still service animals. and that means they don't need any distractions that could interfere with their job. Always, always, always ask permission to pet a service dog before walking up and doing so. And more importantly, don't be offended if the answer is no, because more than likely, it will be no. Okay, it sounds silly now, but just wait until you're quickly trying to tie your toddler's shoe or pull something out of your park bag and you see a sturdy enough looking trash can lid that makes you think, "Eh, this will do." Rules are rules. And while that trash can looks sturdy for temporary purposes, it is still going to be a safety hazard to put your kid on it. So, if a cast member sees your kid chilling out on the trash can, they're probably going to ask you to get them down from there so they don't go all Humpty Dumpty on you. Talk to any former or current cast member on our team, and they will tell you the same thing. People are not shy about asking for their own magical moments, which kind of defeats the purpose of a magical moment. Now, a magical moment is when a cast member sprinkles a little extra pixie dust onto someone's vacation, totally at random. This could mean a one-way ticket to the front of a ride line, or a free dessert or goodie at a restaurant, or maybe even a hotel room upgrade. It's lovely, but the problem that comes with magical moments is the belief that cast members can and should toss out freebies and special favors and VIP treatment as often as they want. But here's the truth. Magic Owns need approval from a leader, especially if it involves food, merchandise, or anything of monetary value. Disney is a business after all, and Disney can't give cast members complete autonomy when it comes to giving things away for free. So, even if a cast member wants to make a little magic for you, they simply might not be allowed to. So, it's best to not straight up ask for one of these lucky duck moments, because being the squeaky wheel here could work against you. In a standard Disney World hotel room, you'll have the basics, which is usually a coffee pot, a mini fridge, an iron, and an ironing board, and possibly a toaster, too. And that means getting meals prepped from inside your room can be tricky, especially if you've got a room that doesn't include a microwave, either. But this is no time to start getting creative and using the resources you do have to cook your meals. Because if you start using these appliances for means other than the purpose they serve, you could wind up ruining the appliance entirely and Disney's not going to let that slide. For example, using your iron to grill a grilled cheese or trying to heat up soup by using the curig machine. You think it's silly, but our cast members can confirm these things can and do happen. So, if you don't want to have to replace these items, then don't misuse them. Instead, pick up foods to eat back in your room that won't require a whole lot of extra prep work, like PB&J sandwiches and protein bars, fruits and veggies, trail mix, stuff like that. Or plan on investing in a room with a kitchen or kitchenet. Even the half-sized kitchenettes will at least provide you with a microwave for all your instant noodle needs. Kids are squirmy, and that's okay. It's nothing to feel anxious about, and cast members are definitely used to kids being excited in the restaurants. But keep an eye on them cuz if they suddenly get the zooies and take off across the dining room, that can be a major tripping hazard for not just them, but the servers and for characters, too. Pack your park bag with squirmy kids in mind. Get tablets charged up. Bring coloring books. Have little snacks for them to munch on before the main course. And consider booking restaurants that might actually encourage your kids to get up and move around so they don't have to sit and get antsy for the whole meal. For example, Chef Mickey's at Contemporary Resort has napkin twirling parades. Beer Garden at Epcot has an Oktoberfest dance floor that all ages can take advantage of. And ohana during Best Friends Breakfast at Polynesian Village has more character parade entertainment, but this time with Stitch leading the way. Much like the restaurants back in your hometown, Disney cast member servers do work for tips. So, it's important not to mistake the theme park setting as a no tip district when it comes to table service experiences. Also, if you're using the standard Disney dining plan to prepay for your meals around the parks, keep in mind that that tip is not factored into the DDP price. So, you will still need to budget for gratuitities leading up to your vacation. Crying over the happily ever after fireworks? Excited to meet your longtime childhood hero Mickey even though you're in your 30s? Planning on taking a solo trip and staying at your bucket list hotel? Disney's a big deal. It speaks to your inner child. It gives you a chance to step away from the real world for a little bit and is the sole reason why I wanted to write my Disney Adults book in the first place. But cast members want to assure you that no matter what tears are shed, who you travel with, even if it's by yourself, and how many times you ride People Mover in a row, guilty. There's no need to be embarrassed by how much you love these parks. So unashamedly plan the trip and do the Disney things that you want to do without fear of judgment. Okay, thank you. Thank you. Thank you to the cast members both on our team and the cast members in the parks now for all that you do. The DFB team appreciates you so, so much and I hope that you can see that through our content. Remember, if you're thinking about applying for the Disney College Program in the near future, be sure to download our free Disney College Program guide over at disneyfoodblog.com/col. And if you want to learn more behindthe-scenes secrets for the life of a Disney cast member, check out some of our other cast member crafted videos next, like the 11 unbreakable rules that Disney employees must follow. Thanks for listening everyone, and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog, and we'll see you real soon.
