---
video_id: OlVgGa3gjTY
channel: DFBGuide
title: "50 New Disney World Tips for 2026"
published: 2026-01-01
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OlVgGa3gjTY
---
So many things are opening and reopening So many things are opening and reopening So many things are opening and reopening and closing and just overall changing in and closing and just overall changing in and closing and just overall changing in Disney World in 2026. So, it's time for Disney World in 2026. So, it's time for Disney World in 2026. So, it's time for us to give you an updated list, tips and us to give you an updated list, tips and us to give you an updated list, tips and tricks, and recommendations for your tricks, and recommendations for your tricks, and recommendations for your upcoming theme park adventures this upcoming theme park adventures this upcoming theme park adventures this year. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. Now that 2026 is alive and Blog. Now that 2026 is alive and Blog. Now that 2026 is alive and kicking, it is time for us to pull out kicking, it is time for us to pull out kicking, it is time for us to pull out the new tips that'll help you and the the new tips that'll help you and the the new tips that'll help you and the fam when planning out your upcoming fam when planning out your upcoming fam when planning out your upcoming trip. You know, we're in the parks every trip. You know, we're in the parks every trip. You know, we're in the parks every day. You know, we try all the new food. day. You know, we try all the new food. day. You know, we try all the new food. We go to every single restaurant We go to every single restaurant We go to every single restaurant multiple times a year. We are the multiple times a year. We are the multiple times a year. We are the experts, and we can't wait to share with experts, and we can't wait to share with experts, and we can't wait to share with you the updated info you need before you you the updated info you need before you you the updated info you need before you head on your trip in 2026 to Walt Disney head on your trip in 2026 to Walt Disney head on your trip in 2026 to Walt Disney World. All right, let's go. Speaking of World. All right, let's go. Speaking of World. All right, let's go. Speaking of official Disney dates, we might not know official Disney dates, we might not know official Disney dates, we might not know the exact time for when Rock and Roller the exact time for when Rock and Roller the exact time for when Rock and Roller Coaster opens up its Muppets overlay, Coaster opens up its Muppets overlay, Coaster opens up its Muppets overlay, but we do now know that the last day but we do now know that the last day but we do now know that the last day that Aerosmith will be offering up super that Aerosmith will be offering up super that Aerosmith will be offering up super stretch really fast limo rides is March stretch really fast limo rides is March stretch really fast limo rides is March around, Rock and Roller Coaster will around, Rock and Roller Coaster will around, Rock and Roller Coaster will launch literally its new overlay, a much launch literally its new overlay, a much launch literally its new overlay, a much more muppety overlay. So, if you want to more muppety overlay. So, if you want to more muppety overlay. So, if you want to experience Aerosmith's version one last experience Aerosmith's version one last experience Aerosmith's version one last time, you'll want to book your Disney time, you'll want to book your Disney time, you'll want to book your Disney World trip [music] super soon. And if World trip [music] super soon. And if World trip [music] super soon. And if you want to wait until the Muppet you want to wait until the Muppet you want to wait until the Muppet Takeover, then you want to hold off on Takeover, then you want to hold off on Takeover, then you want to hold off on your vacation till the [music] second your vacation till the [music] second your vacation till the [music] second half of the year. Recently, the new half of the year. Recently, the new half of the year. Recently, the new Zootopia Better Z show opened in Animal Zootopia Better Z show opened in Animal Zootopia Better Z show opened in Animal Kingdom. Now, this show is super cute, Kingdom. Now, this show is super cute, Kingdom. Now, this show is super cute, and the team tends to prefer it to the and the team tends to prefer it to the and the team tends to prefer it to the It's Tough to Be a Bug show that used to It's Tough to Be a Bug show that used to It's Tough to Be a Bug show that used to exist inside the tree of life. Remember exist inside the tree of life. Remember exist inside the tree of life. Remember that one? Yep. They stung you. That was that one? Yep. They stung you. That was that one? Yep. They stung you. That was great. However, just as a warning, keep great. However, just as a warning, keep great. However, just as a warning, keep in mind that some of the old effects in mind that some of the old effects in mind that some of the old effects from the Bugs Life show are still being from the Bugs Life show are still being from the Bugs Life show are still being used in the Zootopia show. Now, no wasps used in the Zootopia show. Now, no wasps used in the Zootopia show. Now, no wasps are going to sting you in the back of are going to sting you in the back of are going to sting you in the back of your chairs anymore, thank goodness. But your chairs anymore, thank goodness. But your chairs anymore, thank goodness. But you remember that whole bugs crawling you remember that whole bugs crawling you remember that whole bugs crawling underneath you thing? Yeah, that's still underneath you thing? Yeah, that's still underneath you thing? Yeah, that's still there. It's just not as creepy crawly as there. It's just not as creepy crawly as there. It's just not as creepy crawly as it used to be. Other effects that happen it used to be. Other effects that happen it used to be. Other effects that happen during the show include air blasts and during the show include air blasts and during the show include air blasts and bubbles and smoke and water sprays that bubbles and smoke and water sprays that bubbles and smoke and water sprays that might get you more wet than you'd might get you more wet than you'd might get you more wet than you'd expect, so be aware. And just a little expect, so be aware. And just a little expect, so be aware. And just a little tip that I didn't actually realize until tip that I didn't actually realize until tip that I didn't actually realize until I had a kid [laughter] is that those I had a kid [laughter] is that those I had a kid [laughter] is that those doors when you're in that theater, those doors when you're in that theater, those doors when you're in that theater, those doors do open. You're not like locked in doors do open. You're not like locked in doors do open. You're not like locked in there. So if your kid starts, you know, there. So if your kid starts, you know, there. So if your kid starts, you know, freaking out or if you start freaking freaking out or if you start freaking freaking out or if you start freaking out. Some of us are super sensors and we out. Some of us are super sensors and we out. Some of us are super sensors and we don't necessarily like all of those don't necessarily like all of those don't necessarily like all of those feelings. You can just stand up and walk feelings. You can just stand up and walk feelings. You can just stand up and walk out the doors. Nobody's going to like out the doors. Nobody's going to like out the doors. Nobody's going to like force you to stay in there. Just a heads force you to stay in there. Just a heads force you to stay in there. Just a heads up. I know it was new to me when I had a up. I know it was new to me when I had a up. I know it was new to me when I had a kid and I needed to get out of there. So kid and I needed to get out of there. So kid and I needed to get out of there. So there you go. Now, finally, after 6 there you go. Now, finally, after 6 there you go. Now, finally, after 6 years, we are getting Grand Fian's tea years, we are getting Grand Fian's tea years, we are getting Grand Fian's tea room back. I know. Let's take a little room back. I know. Let's take a little room back. I know. Let's take a little moment for some golf claps. We're very moment for some golf claps. We're very moment for some golf claps. We're very excited. The Garden View Lounge at the excited. The Garden View Lounge at the excited. The Garden View Lounge at the Grand Fian has been closed since 2020, Grand Fian has been closed since 2020, Grand Fian has been closed since 2020, back when the pandemic began, and back when the pandemic began, and back when the pandemic began, and everything closed in Disney World for a everything closed in Disney World for a everything closed in Disney World for a few months. Before its closure, the few months. Before its closure, the few months. Before its closure, the Garden View Lounge was known for its Garden View Lounge was known for its Garden View Lounge was known for its afternoon tea experience, along with afternoon tea experience, along with afternoon tea experience, along with some very special character appearances. some very special character appearances. some very special character appearances. If you booked the specialty morning time If you booked the specialty morning time If you booked the specialty morning time perfectly princess tea party, this was perfectly princess tea party, this was perfectly princess tea party, this was targeted more for the kids and was a tea targeted more for the kids and was a tea targeted more for the kids and was a tea service led by a magical rose lady named service led by a magical rose lady named service led by a magical rose lady named Rose Petal who came straight from Rose Petal who came straight from Rose Petal who came straight from Princess Aurora's garden. During the Princess Aurora's garden. During the Princess Aurora's garden. During the party, Rose Petal would lead the group party, Rose Petal would lead the group party, Rose Petal would lead the group into storytelling, singalongs, and a into storytelling, singalongs, and a into storytelling, singalongs, and a princess parade. And then Princess princess parade. And then Princess princess parade. And then Princess Aurora would make a special appearance Aurora would make a special appearance Aurora would make a special appearance herself. And upon its return, Disney's herself. And upon its return, Disney's herself. And upon its return, Disney's noted that the updated tea offering will noted that the updated tea offering will noted that the updated tea offering will continue to provide whimsical Disney continue to provide whimsical Disney continue to provide whimsical Disney touches. So fingers crossed that we love touches. So fingers crossed that we love touches. So fingers crossed that we love those whimsical Disney touches just as those whimsical Disney touches just as those whimsical Disney touches just as much as we did back in the old days. much as we did back in the old days. much as we did back in the old days. This lounge is set to reopen in early This lounge is set to reopen in early This lounge is set to reopen in early Grand Fian Tea Room isn't open just yet, Grand Fian Tea Room isn't open just yet, Grand Fian Tea Room isn't open just yet, your best bet for a fun little tea party your best bet for a fun little tea party your best bet for a fun little tea party in the meantime is to go to Cake Bake in the meantime is to go to Cake Bake in the meantime is to go to Cake Bake Shop at the Boardwalk Inn. The Roses of Shop at the Boardwalk Inn. The Roses of Shop at the Boardwalk Inn. The Roses of Gold afternoon tea at Cake Bake is very Gold afternoon tea at Cake Bake is very Gold afternoon tea at Cake Bake is very pricey, but you can always skip the pricey, but you can always skip the pricey, but you can always skip the whole tea package and just order whole tea package and just order whole tea package and just order yourself a single pot of whatever tea yourself a single pot of whatever tea yourself a single pot of whatever tea blend you'd like at a much cheaper price blend you'd like at a much cheaper price blend you'd like at a much cheaper price point. That's a tip. very few people are point. That's a tip. very few people are point. That's a tip. very few people are going to let you know about. But forget going to let you know about. But forget going to let you know about. But forget drinking around the world. We're going drinking around the world. We're going drinking around the world. We're going to keep drinking around the Grand Fian to keep drinking around the Grand Fian to keep drinking around the Grand Fian in 2026. Apparently, The Perch at Grand in 2026. Apparently, The Perch at Grand in 2026. Apparently, The Perch at Grand Fian Resort and Spa is officially open. Fian Resort and Spa is officially open. Fian Resort and Spa is officially open. You're going to find this brand new You're going to find this brand new You're going to find this brand new lounge in the deluxe resort's lobby. And lounge in the deluxe resort's lobby. And lounge in the deluxe resort's lobby. And trust me, it is not hard to find. The trust me, it is not hard to find. The trust me, it is not hard to find. The Perch pays tribute to the massive Perch pays tribute to the massive Perch pays tribute to the massive ornamental bird cage that once occupied ornamental bird cage that once occupied ornamental bird cage that once occupied the space where it sits and still clings the space where it sits and still clings the space where it sits and still clings to the hotel's overall Victorian style to the hotel's overall Victorian style to the hotel's overall Victorian style theming just with them getting the theming just with them getting the theming just with them getting the chance to make more money off of chance to make more money off of chance to make more money off of alcohol. Now, if all the bar stools are alcohol. Now, if all the bar stools are alcohol. Now, if all the bar stools are occupied when you swing by this place, occupied when you swing by this place, occupied when you swing by this place, which they very well could be, there's which they very well could be, there's which they very well could be, there's not many of them to choose from, then not many of them to choose from, then not many of them to choose from, then don't fret. You can always grab a drink don't fret. You can always grab a drink don't fret. You can always grab a drink from the bar and find a seat somewhere from the bar and find a seat somewhere from the bar and find a seat somewhere else in the lobby where there's plenty else in the lobby where there's plenty else in the lobby where there's plenty more to choose from that might actually more to choose from that might actually more to choose from that might actually be a whole lot comfier, too. As you can be a whole lot comfier, too. As you can be a whole lot comfier, too. As you can already see, and as you'll see unfold already see, and as you'll see unfold already see, and as you'll see unfold throughout the rest of the video, too, throughout the rest of the video, too, throughout the rest of the video, too, and reopenings for Disney World. And and reopenings for Disney World. And and reopenings for Disney World. And while we know about a select few exact while we know about a select few exact while we know about a select few exact opening dates for things like how opening dates for things like how opening dates for things like how Smugglers Run in Hollywood Studios will Smugglers Run in Hollywood Studios will Smugglers Run in Hollywood Studios will have its new ride scenes and characters have its new ride scenes and characters have its new ride scenes and characters up and running by May 22nd, other things up and running by May 22nd, other things up and running by May 22nd, other things we only know an opening timeline for, we only know an opening timeline for, we only know an opening timeline for, but we don't know exactly when they'll but we don't know exactly when they'll but we don't know exactly when they'll be up and running for us to swarm to. be up and running for us to swarm to. be up and running for us to swarm to. That's why the DFB team and I have That's why the DFB team and I have That's why the DFB team and I have created our free Disney World 12-month created our free Disney World 12-month created our free Disney World 12-month calendar so you can see what's on the calendar so you can see what's on the calendar so you can see what's on the horizon, what's slated to open when, horizon, what's slated to open when, horizon, what's slated to open when, what holidays and special offerings are what holidays and special offerings are what holidays and special offerings are going on each month, and more. We update going on each month, and more. We update going on each month, and more. We update this calendar regularly to reflect any this calendar regularly to reflect any this calendar regularly to reflect any new dates that Disney World shares with new dates that Disney World shares with new dates that Disney World shares with us. So, if you want a free download of us. So, if you want a free download of us. So, if you want a free download of what we know so far, be sure to scan the what we know so far, be sure to scan the what we know so far, be sure to scan the QR code you see on the screen now or QR code you see on the screen now or QR code you see on the screen now or click on the for click on the for click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/wdwcal after this and we're going to send that after this and we're going to send that after this and we're going to send that your way right away. Look, I love your way right away. Look, I love your way right away. Look, I love complimentary bread, like a whole lot, complimentary bread, like a whole lot, complimentary bread, like a whole lot, but a new restaurant on Disney property but a new restaurant on Disney property but a new restaurant on Disney property just introduced us to a new type of free just introduced us to a new type of free just introduced us to a new type of free service that I would love to see become service that I would love to see become service that I would love to see become more of a new trend in 2026. The new more of a new trend in 2026. The new more of a new trend in 2026. The new Bourbon Steak by Michael Mina restaurant Bourbon Steak by Michael Mina restaurant Bourbon Steak by Michael Mina restaurant at Walt Disney World Swan and Dolphin. at Walt Disney World Swan and Dolphin. at Walt Disney World Swan and Dolphin. It replaced Shoulas. If you remember, It replaced Shoulas. If you remember, It replaced Shoulas. If you remember, Shoula's has complimentary fries that Shoula's has complimentary fries that Shoula's has complimentary fries that are brought out after you order. Yes. are brought out after you order. Yes. are brought out after you order. Yes. Hello. Where has fry service been all my Hello. Where has fry service been all my Hello. Where has fry service been all my life? Your fry service comes with three life? Your fry service comes with three life? Your fry service comes with three different fries and three different different fries and three different different fries and three different sauces. The truffle aioli fries with a sauces. The truffle aioli fries with a sauces. The truffle aioli fries with a truffle ioli. Shocker. The regular truffle ioli. Shocker. The regular truffle ioli. Shocker. The regular herbed fries with regular ketchup and herbed fries with regular ketchup and herbed fries with regular ketchup and then paprika fries with the house-made then paprika fries with the house-made then paprika fries with the house-made bourbon barbecue sauce. All three are bourbon barbecue sauce. All three are bourbon barbecue sauce. All three are outstanding, but my love for raioli has outstanding, but my love for raioli has outstanding, but my love for raioli has me leaning towards the truffle aioli me leaning towards the truffle aioli me leaning towards the truffle aioli fries as [music] the best of the bunch. fries as [music] the best of the bunch. fries as [music] the best of the bunch. While Lulu Bar and Grill is the newest While Lulu Bar and Grill is the newest While Lulu Bar and Grill is the newest restaurant to open at Disney's restaurant to open at Disney's restaurant to open at Disney's Polynesian Village Resort, you're going Polynesian Village Resort, you're going Polynesian Village Resort, you're going to find it housed inside the Disney to find it housed inside the Disney to find it housed inside the Disney Vacation Club Island Tower part of the Vacation Club Island Tower part of the Vacation Club Island Tower part of the hotel. Up until just recently, this hotel. Up until just recently, this hotel. Up until just recently, this restaurant's been a strictly first come, restaurant's been a strictly first come, restaurant's been a strictly first come, first served establishment. It was sort first served establishment. It was sort first served establishment. It was sort of like a glorified pool bar, but it's of like a glorified pool bar, but it's of like a glorified pool bar, but it's super popular. So, starting on December super popular. So, starting on December super popular. So, starting on December reservations, which should help make it reservations, which should help make it reservations, which should help make it a bit easier for people who plan to dine a bit easier for people who plan to dine a bit easier for people who plan to dine there to not have to gamble on whether there to not have to gamble on whether there to not have to gamble on whether there'll be any walkup availability the there'll be any walkup availability the there'll be any walkup availability the next time. That being said, you can next time. That being said, you can next time. That being said, you can still join a walk up wait list when still join a walk up wait list when still join a walk up wait list when available via the My Disney Experience available via the My Disney Experience available via the My Disney Experience app if you'd like your chance at a last app if you'd like your chance at a last app if you'd like your chance at a last minute seat here. And I do highly minute seat here. And I do highly minute seat here. And I do highly recommend it. There's great views of the recommend it. There's great views of the recommend it. There's great views of the fireworks and they have one of my fireworks and they have one of my fireworks and they have one of my favorite new burgers as well. Speaking favorite new burgers as well. Speaking favorite new burgers as well. Speaking of reservations, don't forget that of reservations, don't forget that of reservations, don't forget that Disney's newest lounges, [music] GO82 in Disney's newest lounges, [music] GO82 in Disney's newest lounges, [music] GO82 in Epcot and Beacon Barrel in Magic Kingdom Epcot and Beacon Barrel in Magic Kingdom Epcot and Beacon Barrel in Magic Kingdom do take advanced dining reservations do take advanced dining reservations do take advanced dining reservations right now. So, if you want to check out right now. So, if you want to check out right now. So, if you want to check out either of these locations, your best bet either of these locations, your best bet either of these locations, your best bet is to secure advanced dining is to secure advanced dining is to secure advanced dining reservations for them. Though, you can reservations for them. Though, you can reservations for them. Though, you can always check and see if they've got walk always check and see if they've got walk always check and see if they've got walk up weight lists open on the day of two. up weight lists open on the day of two. up weight lists open on the day of two. I would just stick to the ADR strategy I would just stick to the ADR strategy I would just stick to the ADR strategy if either one of these is a musto if either one of these is a musto if either one of these is a musto experience for you because they're still experience for you because they're still experience for you because they're still [music] so new and so small that they [music] so new and so small that they [music] so new and so small that they are packed most of the time. Now, heads are packed most of the time. Now, heads are packed most of the time. Now, heads up, these are not new, but you can also up, these are not new, but you can also up, these are not new, but you can also get advanced dining reservations at the get advanced dining reservations at the get advanced dining reservations at the Space 220 lounge in Epcot and Ogus Space 220 lounge in Epcot and Ogus Space 220 lounge in Epcot and Ogus Cantina at Hollywood Studios. So, if any Cantina at Hollywood Studios. So, if any Cantina at Hollywood Studios. So, if any of those are priority, go ahead and grab of those are priority, go ahead and grab of those are priority, go ahead and grab an ADR. After waiting over a year for an ADR. After waiting over a year for an ADR. After waiting over a year for Big Thunder Mountain Railroad to reopen Big Thunder Mountain Railroad to reopen Big Thunder Mountain Railroad to reopen in Magic Kingdom, it finally will this in Magic Kingdom, it finally will this in Magic Kingdom, it finally will this spring. And when it does reopen, the new spring. And when it does reopen, the new spring. And when it does reopen, the new and improved version will have a and improved version will have a and improved version will have a revamped plot, the return of the Rainbow revamped plot, the return of the Rainbow revamped plot, the return of the Rainbow Caverns, smoother tracks, epic lighting Caverns, smoother tracks, epic lighting Caverns, smoother tracks, epic lighting effects, and an exterior touch-up of the effects, and an exterior touch-up of the effects, and an exterior touch-up of the ride to help it fit into the new Piston ride to help it fit into the new Piston ride to help it fit into the new Piston Peak Cars expansion, which is also Peak Cars expansion, which is also Peak Cars expansion, which is also happening over at Magic Kingdom as we happening over at Magic Kingdom as we happening over at Magic Kingdom as we speak. Though, it definitely won't be speak. Though, it definitely won't be speak. Though, it definitely won't be open in time for a 2026 vacation. Much open in time for a 2026 vacation. Much open in time for a 2026 vacation. Much like Big Thunder Mountain Railroad, Buzz like Big Thunder Mountain Railroad, Buzz like Big Thunder Mountain Railroad, Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin over in Lightyear Space Ranger Spin over in Lightyear Space Ranger Spin over in Magic Kingdom will also be reopening in Magic Kingdom will also be reopening in Magic Kingdom will also be reopening in spring 2026. With that reopening, expect spring 2026. With that reopening, expect spring 2026. With that reopening, expect new blasters that you'll actually be new blasters that you'll actually be new blasters that you'll actually be able to pick up and aim with. A new show able to pick up and aim with. A new show able to pick up and aim with. A new show scene featuring a new character, Buddy scene featuring a new character, Buddy scene featuring a new character, Buddy the Friendly Support Robot. Love him the Friendly Support Robot. Love him the Friendly Support Robot. Love him already. Brand new ride vehicles, already. Brand new ride vehicles, already. Brand new ride vehicles, gameplay enhancements, and more. I want gameplay enhancements, and more. I want gameplay enhancements, and more. I want to shout out one of our DFB readers and to shout out one of our DFB readers and to shout out one of our DFB readers and viewers real quick because without their viewers real quick because without their viewers real quick because without their help, we would have overlooked this help, we would have overlooked this help, we would have overlooked this price hike entirely. Drew Hagen price hike entirely. Drew Hagen price hike entirely. Drew Hagen contacted us recently about a major contacted us recently about a major contacted us recently about a major change in Disney World's souvenir change in Disney World's souvenir change in Disney World's souvenir shipping policy. Thank you, Drew. If you shipping policy. Thank you, Drew. If you shipping policy. Thank you, Drew. If you didn't already know, Disney has shipping didn't already know, Disney has shipping didn't already know, Disney has shipping locations available where you can send locations available where you can send locations available where you can send home souvenirs that you've purchased in home souvenirs that you've purchased in home souvenirs that you've purchased in the parks to save some space in your the parks to save some space in your the parks to save some space in your luggage. Usually, any gift shop will luggage. Usually, any gift shop will luggage. Usually, any gift shop will ship stuff home for you, including some ship stuff home for you, including some ship stuff home for you, including some of the weird shaped items like of the weird shaped items like of the weird shaped items like lightsabers and [music] droids. One of lightsabers and [music] droids. One of lightsabers and [music] droids. One of the more popular shipping spots in the more popular shipping spots in the more popular shipping spots in Disney property is over at Marketplace Disney property is over at Marketplace Disney property is over at Marketplace Co-op in Disney Springs. Previously, the Co-op in Disney Springs. Previously, the Co-op in Disney Springs. Previously, the prices [music] for shipping ranged from prices [music] for shipping ranged from prices [music] for shipping ranged from your merchandise. But [music] now, your merchandise. But [music] now, your merchandise. But [music] now, pricing looks like this. That's a major pricing looks like this. That's a major pricing looks like this. That's a major price increase. So, how can you combat price increase. So, how can you combat price increase. So, how can you combat it? Well, if you can't fit all your it? Well, if you can't fit all your it? Well, if you can't fit all your souvenirs in your suitcase, it might be souvenirs in your suitcase, it might be souvenirs in your suitcase, it might be better to keep the most [music] better to keep the most [music] better to keep the most [music] expensive items with you and ship the expensive items with you and ship the expensive items with you and ship the less expensive items to keep the value less expensive items to keep the value less expensive items to keep the value of the package lower. You can also visit of the package lower. You can also visit of the package lower. You can also visit nearby postal stores just outside the nearby postal stores just outside the nearby postal stores just outside the Disney bubble and pack your own items Disney bubble and pack your own items Disney bubble and pack your own items there. There's a UPS store in Flamingo there. There's a UPS store in Flamingo there. There's a UPS store in Flamingo Crossings, which is directly next to Crossings, which is directly next to Crossings, which is directly next to Disney World, which could offer up a Disney World, which could offer up a Disney World, which could offer up a much cheaper option. If you're watching much cheaper option. If you're watching much cheaper option. If you're watching today's video and you don't actually today's video and you don't actually today's video and you don't actually have a Disney World trip planned for have a Disney World trip planned for have a Disney World trip planned for can still order some of Disney's most can still order some of Disney's most can still order some of Disney's most popular snacks from the comfort of your popular snacks from the comfort of your popular snacks from the comfort of your couch. Yep, Disney snacks minus the couch. Yep, Disney snacks minus the couch. Yep, Disney snacks minus the whole Disney World vacation cost. Okay, whole Disney World vacation cost. Okay, whole Disney World vacation cost. Okay, let me show you. Over at the Boat House let me show you. Over at the Boat House let me show you. Over at the Boat House in Disney Springs, you're going to find in Disney Springs, you're going to find in Disney Springs, you're going to find one of Disney World's most iconic drinks one of Disney World's most iconic drinks one of Disney World's most iconic drinks on the menu, the Duck Duck Raz. But for on the menu, the Duck Duck Raz. But for on the menu, the Duck Duck Raz. But for can buy a mix that makes eight of these can buy a mix that makes eight of these can buy a mix that makes eight of these drinks. All you have to do is add water, drinks. All you have to do is add water, drinks. All you have to do is add water, raspberry, vodka, and blue curissel, and raspberry, vodka, and blue curissel, and raspberry, vodka, and blue curissel, and voila. Not only do you get the drink voila. Not only do you get the drink voila. Not only do you get the drink mix, though, your order is also going to mix, though, your order is also going to mix, though, your order is also going to include eight rubber ducks to top your include eight rubber ducks to top your include eight rubber ducks to top your drinks with, because it's not the same drinks with, because it's not the same drinks with, because it's not the same without the ducks. We've been talking a without the ducks. We've been talking a without the ducks. We've been talking a lot about the cake bake shop as well lot about the cake bake shop as well lot about the cake bake shop as well from Disney's Boardwalk in, but you can from Disney's Boardwalk in, but you can from Disney's Boardwalk in, but you can order an entire cake from Cake Bake Shop order an entire cake from Cake Bake Shop order an entire cake from Cake Bake Shop online, too. Now, these are expensive. online, too. Now, these are expensive. online, too. Now, these are expensive. Cakes range from $60 to $115, which is Cakes range from $60 to $115, which is Cakes range from $60 to $115, which is bonkers. But since each slice at the bonkers. But since each slice at the bonkers. But since each slice at the boardwalk is roughly 20 bucks, it evens boardwalk is roughly 20 bucks, it evens boardwalk is roughly 20 bucks, it evens out in the end and you may actually even out in the end and you may actually even out in the end and you may actually even be ahead. Want to enjoy a fresh cup of be ahead. Want to enjoy a fresh cup of be ahead. Want to enjoy a fresh cup of Joffrey's coffee or tea every single day Joffrey's coffee or tea every single day Joffrey's coffee or tea every single day at home? Then you can hit up the at home? Then you can hit up the at home? Then you can hit up the Joffrey's website. There you're going to Joffrey's website. There you're going to Joffrey's website. There you're going to find lots of different blends and find lots of different blends and find lots of different blends and options that are based around Disney options that are based around Disney options that are based around Disney characters and Disney parks, even Disney characters and Disney parks, even Disney characters and Disney parks, even Disney restaurants. And if you're a real restaurants. And if you're a real restaurants. And if you're a real serious coffee lover who wants to make serious coffee lover who wants to make serious coffee lover who wants to make sure there's never a lull in your sure there's never a lull in your sure there's never a lull in your Joffrey supply, you can sign up for Joffrey supply, you can sign up for Joffrey supply, you can sign up for their subscription services. The Disney their subscription services. The Disney their subscription services. The Disney coffee collection will give you the coffee collection will give you the coffee collection will give you the option to select ground or whole bean option to select ground or whole bean option to select ground or whole bean coffees and receive three specialty coffees and receive three specialty coffees and receive three specialty flavors curated by the team each month. flavors curated by the team each month. flavors curated by the team each month. [music] Okay, one more. Eat by money [music] Okay, one more. Eat by money [music] Okay, one more. Eat by money Shawan and Disney Springs can ship out Shawan and Disney Springs can ship out Shawan and Disney Springs can ship out their small batch handcrafted lemonades their small batch handcrafted lemonades their small batch handcrafted lemonades through the merchandise section of their through the merchandise section of their through the merchandise section of their website, too. If you're going to website, too. If you're going to website, too. If you're going to Hollywood Studios after May 22nd, don't Hollywood Studios after May 22nd, don't Hollywood Studios after May 22nd, don't get disappointed when you're assigned get disappointed when you're assigned get disappointed when you're assigned the engineer role at Millennium Falcon the engineer role at Millennium Falcon the engineer role at Millennium Falcon Smugglers Run. Instead, get hyped. Smugglers Run. Instead, get hyped. Smugglers Run. Instead, get hyped. Smugglers Run is getting a major Smugglers Run is getting a major Smugglers Run is getting a major overhaul to coincide with the release of overhaul to coincide with the release of overhaul to coincide with the release of the new Star Wars film, The Mandalorian the new Star Wars film, The Mandalorian the new Star Wars film, The Mandalorian and Grou. Just like Star Tours is, the and Grou. Just like Star Tours is, the and Grou. Just like Star Tours is, the ride will still feature those three ride will still feature those three ride will still feature those three pivotal roles, pilot, gunner, and pivotal roles, pilot, gunner, and pivotal roles, pilot, gunner, and engineer. But for the first time ever, engineer. But for the first time ever, engineer. But for the first time ever, the engineer is going to get to choose the engineer is going to get to choose the engineer is going to get to choose where you go with the help of the rest where you go with the help of the rest where you go with the help of the rest of the crew, of course. The new Disney of the crew, of course. The new Disney of the crew, of course. The new Disney Starlight nighttime parade in Magic Starlight nighttime parade in Magic Starlight nighttime parade in Magic Kingdom typically happens twice daily. Kingdom typically happens twice daily. Kingdom typically happens twice daily. Once before Happily Ever After and once Once before Happily Ever After and once Once before Happily Ever After and once after Happily Ever After. Those are the after Happily Ever After. Those are the after Happily Ever After. Those are the fireworks in Magic Kingdom, by the way. fireworks in Magic Kingdom, by the way. fireworks in Magic Kingdom, by the way. There's no dining party or dessert party There's no dining party or dessert party There's no dining party or dessert party that'll give you VIP views of this that'll give you VIP views of this that'll give you VIP views of this parade. But if you make an evening parade. But if you make an evening parade. But if you make an evening reservation for Tony'stown Square, and reservation for Tony'stown Square, and reservation for Tony'stown Square, and you time your meal just right, you can you time your meal just right, you can you time your meal just right, you can try asking for an outdoor patio table if try asking for an outdoor patio table if try asking for an outdoor patio table if one's available and get some great views one's available and get some great views one's available and get some great views of the parade while you eat. So, if of the parade while you eat. So, if of the parade while you eat. So, if you're flying with domestic Southwest you're flying with domestic Southwest you're flying with domestic Southwest Airlines, flying into Orlando Airlines, flying into Orlando Airlines, flying into Orlando International Airport, and staying at International Airport, and staying at International Airport, and staying at one of the Value resorts, yep, just the one of the Value resorts, yep, just the one of the Value resorts, yep, just the Values, ironically enough, then you'll Values, ironically enough, then you'll Values, ironically enough, then you'll have the option to skip baggage claim have the option to skip baggage claim have the option to skip baggage claim and instead have your bags delivered and instead have your bags delivered and instead have your bags delivered directly to your resort. This service is directly to your resort. This service is directly to your resort. This service is provided by a third [music] party called provided by a third [music] party called provided by a third [music] party called Bag Check, who facilitate transportation Bag Check, who facilitate transportation Bag Check, who facilitate transportation of luggage from the airport to Disney of luggage from the airport to Disney of luggage from the airport to Disney World hotels within approximately 4 World hotels within approximately 4 World hotels within approximately 4 hours of arrival. All you'll need to do hours of arrival. All you'll need to do hours of arrival. All you'll need to do to use this service is fill out the to use this service is fill out the to use this service is fill out the registration form for the airport registration form for the airport registration form for the airport luggage transfer at Disney service any luggage transfer at Disney service any luggage transfer at Disney service any time from 30 days to 5 days [music] time from 30 days to 5 days [music] time from 30 days to 5 days [music] prior to your departure flight. On the prior to your departure flight. On the prior to your departure flight. On the day before you have to leave and head day before you have to leave and head day before you have to leave and head back home, you can get your luggage back home, you can get your luggage back home, you can get your luggage transferred back to the airport, too. transferred back to the airport, too. transferred back to the airport, too. Once you've checked in for your Once you've checked in for your Once you've checked in for your returning flight home, you can drop off returning flight home, you can drop off returning flight home, you can drop off your bags at luggage assistance in the your bags at luggage assistance in the your bags at luggage assistance in the hotel lobby area by the required drop hotel lobby area by the required drop hotel lobby area by the required drop off time. If you're flying before 1:00 off time. If you're flying before 1:00 off time. If you're flying before 1:00 p.m., drop your bags off by 1:00 a.m. p.m., drop your bags off by 1:00 a.m. p.m., drop your bags off by 1:00 a.m. the night before your flight. But if the night before your flight. But if the night before your flight. But if you're flying after 1 p.m., drop your you're flying after 1 p.m., drop your you're flying after 1 p.m., drop your bags off at least 4 hours before bags off at least 4 hours before bags off at least 4 hours before departure or no later than 100 p.m., departure or no later than 100 p.m., departure or no later than 100 p.m., whichever comes first. You'll need to whichever comes first. You'll need to whichever comes first. You'll need to provide a valid form of photo provide a valid form of photo provide a valid form of photo identification and show your boarding identification and show your boarding identification and show your boarding pass to drop off your bags. [music] You pass to drop off your bags. [music] You pass to drop off your bags. [music] You can also call luggage assistance from can also call luggage assistance from can also call luggage assistance from your hotel room to ask them to help with your hotel room to ask them to help with your hotel room to ask them to help with your bags if need [music] be. Then your bags if need [music] be. Then your bags if need [music] be. Then Disney's third party service takes care Disney's third party service takes care Disney's third party service takes care of the rest. Once your bags are of the rest. Once your bags are of the rest. Once your bags are collected and sent to the airport, you collected and sent to the airport, you collected and sent to the airport, you can track your luggage with the can track your luggage with the can track your luggage with the Southwest Airlines app. All that's left Southwest Airlines app. All that's left Southwest Airlines app. All that's left is to head to the airport, skip the is to head to the airport, skip the is to head to the airport, skip the check-in line, hop on the plane, and check-in line, hop on the plane, and check-in line, hop on the plane, and pick up your bags at baggage claim when pick up your bags at baggage claim when pick up your bags at baggage claim when you get to your destination. If you you get to your destination. If you you get to your destination. If you thought your Disney dining plan strategy thought your Disney dining plan strategy thought your Disney dining plan strategy was set in stone, then think again. In was set in stone, then think again. In was set in stone, then think again. In case you're not familiar with the Disney case you're not familiar with the Disney case you're not familiar with the Disney dining plan, basically this is a dining plan, basically this is a dining plan, basically this is a convenient add-on that lets guests who convenient add-on that lets guests who convenient add-on that lets guests who are booking a vacation package where are booking a vacation package where are booking a vacation package where hotel and park tickets are purchased in hotel and park tickets are purchased in hotel and park tickets are purchased in a bundle prepay for a combination of a bundle prepay for a combination of a bundle prepay for a combination of meals and snacks during their vacation. meals and snacks during their vacation. meals and snacks during their vacation. Her DFB writers and reporters dug Her DFB writers and reporters dug Her DFB writers and reporters dug through each of the participating Disney through each of the participating Disney through each of the participating Disney dining plan restaurants for the upcoming dining plan restaurants for the upcoming dining plan restaurants for the upcoming year to see if there were going to be year to see if there were going to be year to see if there were going to be any major changes between 2025 and 2026. any major changes between 2025 and 2026. any major changes between 2025 and 2026. And what they found uh were a lot of And what they found uh were a lot of And what they found uh were a lot of changes. For starters, Tudto Italia over changes. For starters, Tudto Italia over changes. For starters, Tudto Italia over in Epcot used to accept Disney dining in Epcot used to accept Disney dining in Epcot used to accept Disney dining plan table service credits during lunch plan table service credits during lunch plan table service credits during lunch and dinner, but in 2026, credits can and dinner, but in 2026, credits can and dinner, but in 2026, credits can only be redeemed here during lunch. only be redeemed here during lunch. only be redeemed here during lunch. [music] Terolina Crafted Italian in [music] Terolina Crafted Italian in [music] Terolina Crafted Italian in Disney Springs has the same sort of Disney Springs has the same sort of Disney Springs has the same sort of situation going on. Dining plans will situation going on. Dining plans will situation going on. Dining plans will only be accepted here during lunch only. only be accepted here during lunch only. only be accepted here during lunch only. And via Napoli, also in Epcot, is the And via Napoli, also in Epcot, is the And via Napoli, also in Epcot, is the opposite of Tudo Italia and Terolina opposite of Tudo Italia and Terolina opposite of Tudo Italia and Terolina Crafted Italian. While table service Crafted Italian. While table service Crafted Italian. While table service credits were once redeemable for lunch credits were once redeemable for lunch credits were once redeemable for lunch and dinner, they'll now only be and dinner, they'll now only be and dinner, they'll now only be available to redeem during dinner. As available to redeem during dinner. As available to redeem during dinner. As you start to create your Disney dining you start to create your Disney dining you start to create your Disney dining itineraries, be sure to always double itineraries, be sure to always double itineraries, be sure to always double check what restaurants will and will not check what restaurants will and will not check what restaurants will and will not accept the Disney dining plan and how accept the Disney dining plan and how accept the Disney dining plan and how many credits you'll need to spend to many credits you'll need to spend to many credits you'll need to spend to dine at a certain location. Good news dine at a certain location. Good news dine at a certain location. Good news though, that's not going to be hard to though, that's not going to be hard to though, that's not going to be hard to do because we've got the full updated do because we've got the full updated do because we've got the full updated list of participating Disney dining plan list of participating Disney dining plan list of participating Disney dining plan restaurants all typed up and ready to restaurants all typed up and ready to restaurants all typed up and ready to send your way right now. Just scan the send your way right now. Just scan the send your way right now. Just scan the QR code you see on the screen or head to QR code you see on the screen or head to QR code you see on the screen or head to disneyfoodblog.com/dp disneyfoodblog.com/dp disneyfoodblog.com/dp restaurants after this and we'll send restaurants after this and we'll send restaurants after this and we'll send that list right to your email. Once that list right to your email. Once that list right to your email. Once Dinosaur permanently closes on February Dinosaur permanently closes on February Dinosaur permanently closes on February multipass Lightning Lane to choose from multipass Lightning Lane to choose from multipass Lightning Lane to choose from in Animal Kingdom. And to be honest with in Animal Kingdom. And to be honest with in Animal Kingdom. And to be honest with you, that makes Animal Kingdom Multipass you, that makes Animal Kingdom Multipass you, that makes Animal Kingdom Multipass harder to justify as a purchase. In case harder to justify as a purchase. In case harder to justify as a purchase. In case you're new to the Disney scene or you you're new to the Disney scene or you you're new to the Disney scene or you just need a refresher, Lightning Lanes just need a refresher, Lightning Lanes just need a refresher, Lightning Lanes are Disney World's skip the ride line are Disney World's skip the ride line are Disney World's skip the ride line service that you'll have to pay extra service that you'll have to pay extra service that you'll have to pay extra for if you want to use them during your for if you want to use them during your for if you want to use them during your park day. Multipass gives you multiple park day. Multipass gives you multiple park day. Multipass gives you multiple Lightning Lanes for the parks. And yet, Lightning Lanes for the parks. And yet, Lightning Lanes for the parks. And yet, Multipass and Animal Kingdom throughout Multipass and Animal Kingdom throughout Multipass and Animal Kingdom throughout since the whole Dinoand USA area will be since the whole Dinoand USA area will be since the whole Dinoand USA area will be down for the count as the park works on down for the count as the park works on down for the count as the park works on the new Tropical America's themed PBLO the new Tropical America's themed PBLO the new Tropical America's themed PBLO Asparonza slated to open in 2027. But Asparonza slated to open in 2027. But Asparonza slated to open in 2027. But here's the good news to all that. Even here's the good news to all that. Even here's the good news to all that. Even if you skip the Multipass purchase for if you skip the Multipass purchase for if you skip the Multipass purchase for Animal Kingdom, you can still accomplish Animal Kingdom, you can still accomplish Animal Kingdom, you can still accomplish a ton at this park with minimum weight a ton at this park with minimum weight a ton at this park with minimum weight times just by using your early theme times just by using your early theme times just by using your early theme park entry perk. Early entry gives all park entry perk. Early entry gives all park entry perk. Early entry gives all guests who are staying at a Disney-owned guests who are staying at a Disney-owned guests who are staying at a Disney-owned hotel a 30inut head start for any park hotel a 30inut head start for any park hotel a 30inut head start for any park on any day. While lots of folks will on any day. While lots of folks will on any day. While lots of folks will probably make a beline to Flight of probably make a beline to Flight of probably make a beline to Flight of Passage during that extra half hour, you Passage during that extra half hour, you Passage during that extra half hour, you can always use it to tackle rides like can always use it to tackle rides like can always use it to tackle rides like Expedition Everest or Na'vi River Expedition Everest or Na'vi River Expedition Everest or Na'vi River Journey first [music] since they'll be Journey first [music] since they'll be Journey first [music] since they'll be pretty much walk-ons before the park pretty much walk-ons before the park pretty much walk-ons before the park opens to the general public. Now, on the opens to the general public. Now, on the opens to the general public. Now, on the opposite side of things, Epcot Multipass opposite side of things, Epcot Multipass opposite side of things, Epcot Multipass might be a little more tempting to might be a little more tempting to might be a little more tempting to purchase this year, especially after purchase this year, especially after purchase this year, especially after Frozen Ever After receives its major Frozen Ever After receives its major Frozen Ever After receives its major upgrade. Disney's revealed that Frozen upgrade. Disney's revealed that Frozen upgrade. Disney's revealed that Frozen Ever After will temporarily close for Ever After will temporarily close for Ever After will temporarily close for refurbishment on January 26th and reopen refurbishment on January 26th and reopen refurbishment on January 26th and reopen in February with updates to the Anna, in February with updates to the Anna, in February with updates to the Anna, Elsa, and Kristoff audio animatronic Elsa, and Kristoff audio animatronic Elsa, and Kristoff audio animatronic figures. So, there's a good chance that figures. So, there's a good chance that figures. So, there's a good chance that after this update happens, Frozen Ever after this update happens, Frozen Ever after this update happens, Frozen Ever After will definitely be the Lightning After will definitely be the Lightning After will definitely be the Lightning Lane you'll want to prioritize first Lane you'll want to prioritize first Lane you'll want to prioritize first when making your multi pass pre- when making your multi pass pre- when making your multi pass pre- selections. selections. selections. Instead of a pay to skip the ride line Instead of a pay to skip the ride line Instead of a pay to skip the ride line service, may I offer you a free service, may I offer you a free service, may I offer you a free alternative? Single rider lines are alternative? Single rider lines are alternative? Single rider lines are available at select few rides in Disney available at select few rides in Disney available at select few rides in Disney World, which help cast members fill in World, which help cast members fill in World, which help cast members fill in all the available seats for a ride and all the available seats for a ride and all the available seats for a ride and help you potentially skip over the bulk help you potentially skip over the bulk help you potentially skip over the bulk of a main queue, minus the Lightning of a main queue, minus the Lightning of a main queue, minus the Lightning Lane price point. You just have to be Lane price point. You just have to be Lane price point. You just have to be cool with breaking up your party to make cool with breaking up your party to make cool with breaking up your party to make that happen. Recently, a couple of new that happen. Recently, a couple of new that happen. Recently, a couple of new single rider lines have opened up for single rider lines have opened up for single rider lines have opened up for some of Disney's most popular some of Disney's most popular some of Disney's most popular attractions, including Rise of the attractions, including Rise of the attractions, including Rise of the Resistance in Hollywood Studios and Resistance in Hollywood Studios and Resistance in Hollywood Studios and Remy's Ratatouille Adventure in Epcot. Remy's Ratatouille Adventure in Epcot. Remy's Ratatouille Adventure in Epcot. Rise of the Resistance sees some of the Rise of the Resistance sees some of the Rise of the Resistance sees some of the highest weight times propertywide, so highest weight times propertywide, so highest weight times propertywide, so it's nice to have an option that'll help it's nice to have an option that'll help it's nice to have an option that'll help you cut down on your weight without you cut down on your weight without you cut down on your weight without paying a single pass price per person paying a single pass price per person paying a single pass price per person per single ride through. But if this is per single ride through. But if this is per single ride through. But if this is your first time ever riding Rise of the your first time ever riding Rise of the your first time ever riding Rise of the Resistance, I'm not sure I'd recommend Resistance, I'm not sure I'd recommend Resistance, I'm not sure I'd recommend going the single rider route right off going the single rider route right off going the single rider route right off the bat since it does tend to take you the bat since it does tend to take you the bat since it does tend to take you past all the pre-shows and lead you past all the pre-shows and lead you past all the pre-shows and lead you straight into the hangar bay. There's straight into the hangar bay. There's straight into the hangar bay. There's also the matter of consistency with this also the matter of consistency with this also the matter of consistency with this one because Rise of the Resistance's one because Rise of the Resistance's one because Rise of the Resistance's single rider line is not always single rider line is not always single rider line is not always available. So, there is a chance it's available. So, there is a chance it's available. So, there is a chance it's not going to be an option during your not going to be an option during your not going to be an option during your visit. But, it's also good to check on visit. But, it's also good to check on visit. But, it's also good to check on the status. Much like Rise of the the status. Much like Rise of the the status. Much like Rise of the Resistance, Remy's Ratatouille Adventure Resistance, Remy's Ratatouille Adventure Resistance, Remy's Ratatouille Adventure is a relatively new single rider line is a relatively new single rider line is a relatively new single rider line option. But unlike Riseze, we're not option. But unlike Riseze, we're not option. But unlike Riseze, we're not really missing any big pre-shows when we really missing any big pre-shows when we really missing any big pre-shows when we choose the single rider line at Remy's choose the single rider line at Remy's choose the single rider line at Remy's versus its main queue. Not to mention, versus its main queue. Not to mention, versus its main queue. Not to mention, the single rider line just tends to be the single rider line just tends to be the single rider line just tends to be more reliable and available here. So, we more reliable and available here. So, we more reliable and available here. So, we tend to prefer using this one versus tend to prefer using this one versus tend to prefer using this one versus Rise. But just a quick heads up on this Rise. But just a quick heads up on this Rise. But just a quick heads up on this one. There are six seats in the Remy's one. There are six seats in the Remy's one. There are six seats in the Remy's Ratatouille Adventure ride vehicles, Ratatouille Adventure ride vehicles, Ratatouille Adventure ride vehicles, three in the front [music] and three in three in the front [music] and three in three in the front [music] and three in the back. fitting three people into the back. fitting three people into the back. fitting three people into those rows is a little bit tight those rows is a little bit tight those rows is a little bit tight sometimes. [music] sometimes. [music] sometimes. [music] So, just a heads up that if you're not So, just a heads up that if you're not So, just a heads up that if you're not necessarily comfortable being within necessarily comfortable being within necessarily comfortable being within someone else's personal space, then this someone else's personal space, then this someone else's personal space, then this single rider line might not be the single rider line might not be the single rider line might not be the [music] best choice for you. Just [music] best choice for you. Just [music] best choice for you. Just letting you know. Yeah, we're definitely letting you know. Yeah, we're definitely letting you know. Yeah, we're definitely going to miss Dinoand USA. From its time going to miss Dinoand USA. From its time going to miss Dinoand USA. From its time rovers to its prehistoric playgrounds to rovers to its prehistoric playgrounds to rovers to its prehistoric playgrounds to its paleontology themed restaurants, its paleontology themed restaurants, its paleontology themed restaurants, this has never been a secret that I love this has never been a secret that I love this has never been a secret that I love this area of the park and I am super this area of the park and I am super this area of the park and I am super bummed that it we're losing it. But we bummed that it we're losing it. But we bummed that it we're losing it. But we don't have to completely say goodbye to don't have to completely say goodbye to don't have to completely say goodbye to all of Dino Land snacks and [music] all of Dino Land snacks and [music] all of Dino Land snacks and [music] food. Some, yes, but not all. Select food. Some, yes, but not all. Select food. Some, yes, but not all. Select snacks and entre that used to be offered snacks and entre that used to be offered snacks and entre that used to be offered in Dino Land are now or will soon be in Dino Land are now or will soon be in Dino Land are now or will soon be offered at other Animal Kingdom offered at other Animal Kingdom offered at other Animal Kingdom locations. For example, the Buffalo locations. For example, the Buffalo locations. For example, the Buffalo chicken chips we used to pick up at chicken chips we used to pick up at chicken chips we used to pick up at Trilobites are now [music] at Eight Trilobites are now [music] at Eight Trilobites are now [music] at Eight Spoon Cafe in Discovery Island. Just Spoon Cafe in Discovery Island. Just Spoon Cafe in Discovery Island. Just brace yourself. They're kind of brace yourself. They're kind of brace yourself. They're kind of different. They're not served with different. They're not served with different. They're not served with homemade chips anymore, which is a homemade chips anymore, which is a homemade chips anymore, which is a shame, but that could change. And shame, but that could change. And shame, but that could change. And whenever Harambe Market over in Africa whenever Harambe Market over in Africa whenever Harambe Market over in Africa reopens in early 2026, its revamped menu reopens in early 2026, its revamped menu reopens in early 2026, its revamped menu will offer former restaurantosaurus will offer former restaurantosaurus will offer former restaurantosaurus items instead. So, that's where you're items instead. So, that's where you're items instead. So, that's where you're going to go for your picky eaters. going to go for your picky eaters. going to go for your picky eaters. Burgers, hot dogs, chicken strips, etc. Burgers, hot dogs, chicken strips, etc. Burgers, hot dogs, chicken strips, etc. Hello and welcome to Saurin. My name's Hello and welcome to Saurin. My name's Hello and welcome to Saurin. My name's AJ and I'll be your chief flight AJ and I'll be your chief flight AJ and I'll be your chief flight attendant today. Nah, that doesn't feel attendant today. Nah, that doesn't feel attendant today. Nah, that doesn't feel right. I'll leave the chief flight right. I'll leave the chief flight right. I'll leave the chief flight attendant stuff with Patrick cuz he does attendant stuff with Patrick cuz he does attendant stuff with Patrick cuz he does it way better. But Saurin is bringing an it way better. But Saurin is bringing an it way better. But Saurin is bringing an allnew American adventure to this flight allnew American adventure to this flight allnew American adventure to this flight simulator attraction in 2026 on both simulator attraction in 2026 on both simulator attraction in 2026 on both coasts. This limited time overlay is coasts. This limited time overlay is coasts. This limited time overlay is coming just in time to celebrate coming just in time to celebrate coming just in time to celebrate America's 250th birthday, and it will be America's 250th birthday, and it will be America's 250th birthday, and it will be available at both Epcot and Disney available at both Epcot and Disney available at both Epcot and Disney California Adventure over in Disneyland. California Adventure over in Disneyland. California Adventure over in Disneyland. That being said, Florida and California That being said, Florida and California That being said, Florida and California are getting this update at two different are getting this update at two different are getting this update at two different times. So, you want to be sure not to times. So, you want to be sure not to times. So, you want to be sure not to confuse those if you don't want to miss confuse those if you don't want to miss confuse those if you don't want to miss out. Epcot Sarin Across America overlay out. Epcot Sarin Across America overlay out. Epcot Sarin Across America overlay will be running by Memorial Day, while will be running by Memorial Day, while will be running by Memorial Day, while Disney California Adventures is going Disney California Adventures is going Disney California Adventures is going live July 2nd. Blue and Bingo are coming live July 2nd. Blue and Bingo are coming live July 2nd. Blue and Bingo are coming to Disney World this summer. And if to Disney World this summer. And if to Disney World this summer. And if you're not excited about that, I'll be you're not excited about that, I'll be you're not excited about that, I'll be excited for you because Blue and Bingo excited for you because Blue and Bingo excited for you because Blue and Bingo are some of the coolest dogs on are some of the coolest dogs on are some of the coolest dogs on television. So, where will you be able television. So, where will you be able television. So, where will you be able to meet, greet, and hang with these two to meet, greet, and hang with these two to meet, greet, and hang with these two [music] girls in 2026? They'll be [music] girls in 2026? They'll be [music] girls in 2026? They'll be hanging out at Animal Kingdom. Sounds hanging out at Animal Kingdom. Sounds hanging out at Animal Kingdom. Sounds reasonable. over at the Conservation reasonable. over at the Conservation reasonable. over at the Conservation Station. If you've never been to Animal Station. If you've never been to Animal Station. If you've never been to Animal Kingdom or it's been a hot minute, the Kingdom or it's been a hot minute, the Kingdom or it's been a hot minute, the Conservation Station isn't just Conservation Station isn't just Conservation Station isn't just something you can walk over to inside something you can walk over to inside something you can walk over to inside this park, you'll need to board Animal this park, you'll need to board Animal this park, you'll need to board Animal Kingdom's Wildlife Express train and Kingdom's Wildlife Express train and Kingdom's Wildlife Express train and ride over to this section. The Wildlife ride over to this section. The Wildlife ride over to this section. The Wildlife Express station is located in Africa Express station is located in Africa Express station is located in Africa near the Kilamanjaro Safari's entrance. near the Kilamanjaro Safari's entrance. near the Kilamanjaro Safari's entrance. Just because you're mobile ordering from Just because you're mobile ordering from Just because you're mobile ordering from a quick service doesn't mean you're a quick service doesn't mean you're a quick service doesn't mean you're skipping waiting for food entirely. skipping waiting for food entirely. skipping waiting for food entirely. You're just skipping over the physical You're just skipping over the physical You're just skipping over the physical standby queue to order, but you're still standby queue to order, but you're still standby queue to order, but you're still going to have to choose a return time going to have to choose a return time going to have to choose a return time via the My Disney Experience app for via the My Disney Experience app for via the My Disney Experience app for your food pickup. And those available your food pickup. And those available your food pickup. And those available return times might mesh better with the return times might mesh better with the return times might mesh better with the restaurant's demand, but they're not restaurant's demand, but they're not restaurant's demand, but they're not always going to mesh with your schedule, always going to mesh with your schedule, always going to mesh with your schedule, especially if you're on [music] a time especially if you're on [music] a time especially if you're on [music] a time crunch. Try to book your mobile orders crunch. Try to book your mobile orders crunch. Try to book your mobile orders early, like 30 minutes or more before early, like 30 minutes or more before early, like 30 minutes or more before you plan on [music] actually eating. you plan on [music] actually eating. you plan on [music] actually eating. That way, you've got more control over That way, you've got more control over That way, you've got more control over when you can swing by and pick up your when you can swing by and pick up your when you can swing by and pick up your food versus getting over to the quick food versus getting over to the quick food versus getting over to the quick service ready to eat right then and service ready to eat right then and service ready to eat right then and there only to be met with a 30 minute there only to be met with a 30 minute there only to be met with a 30 minute wait. By the way, I always click I'm wait. By the way, I always click I'm wait. By the way, I always click I'm here, that little button that tells them here, that little button that tells them here, that little button that tells them to start making your food when I'm about to start making your food when I'm about to start making your food when I'm about order snag you're going to want to keep order snag you're going to want to keep order snag you're going to want to keep in mind, specifically if you're trying in mind, specifically if you're trying in mind, specifically if you're trying to mobile order at a hotel, is that you to mobile order at a hotel, is that you to mobile order at a hotel, is that you may not be able to mobile order from a may not be able to mobile order from a may not be able to mobile order from a Disney hotel at all if you're not Disney hotel at all if you're not Disney hotel at all if you're not staying as a guest there and you are staying as a guest there and you are staying as a guest there and you are trying to drive there to park to get in trying to drive there to park to get in trying to drive there to park to get in for mobile order. This doesn't always for mobile order. This doesn't always for mobile order. This doesn't always happen, but it can happen if Disney is happen, but it can happen if Disney is happen, but it can happen if Disney is trying to dissuade people from using trying to dissuade people from using trying to dissuade people from using mobile order as a way to temporarily mobile order as a way to temporarily mobile order as a way to temporarily park at a hotel they're not staying at. park at a hotel they're not staying at. park at a hotel they're not staying at. So, you're going to get a little popup So, you're going to get a little popup So, you're going to get a little popup that says, "This mobile order is not that says, "This mobile order is not that says, "This mobile order is not available for anyone who's not staying available for anyone who's not staying available for anyone who's not staying here." Now, here's the thing. If you are here." Now, here's the thing. If you are here." Now, here's the thing. If you are taking Disney transportation over to taking Disney transportation over to taking Disney transportation over to this location, you should still [music] this location, you should still [music] this location, you should still [music] be able to bypass that warning and be able to bypass that warning and be able to bypass that warning and mobile order. They're just trying to mobile order. They're just trying to mobile order. They're just trying to make sure nobody's coming over and make sure nobody's coming over and make sure nobody's coming over and parking at the hotel who isn't staying parking at the hotel who isn't staying parking at the hotel who isn't staying there. But again, you never know with there. But again, you never know with there. But again, you never know with Disney. They could start making you show Disney. They could start making you show Disney. They could start making you show your room key or something. So, just, your room key or something. So, just, your room key or something. So, just, you know, be forewarned. If you're a big you know, be forewarned. If you're a big you know, be forewarned. If you're a big blind box collector or you're someone blind box collector or you're someone blind box collector or you're someone who likes to watch backto-back short who likes to watch backto-back short who likes to watch backto-back short form videos of other people opening form videos of other people opening form videos of other people opening blind boxes, then you're going to want blind boxes, then you're going to want blind boxes, then you're going to want to check out Disney's newest store. The to check out Disney's newest store. The to check out Disney's newest store. The Disney Drop Shop is located in Disney Drop Shop is located in Disney Drop Shop is located in Marketplace Co-op over at Disney Marketplace Co-op over at Disney Marketplace Co-op over at Disney Springs. And this is where you're going Springs. And this is where you're going Springs. And this is where you're going to be able to find lots of your favorite to be able to find lots of your favorite to be able to find lots of your favorite collectible blind box brands. So, here's collectible blind box brands. So, here's collectible blind box brands. So, here's the catch. Because blind boxes are so the catch. Because blind boxes are so the catch. Because blind boxes are so popular, Disney wants to make sure that popular, Disney wants to make sure that popular, Disney wants to make sure that everyone who wants a certain type of everyone who wants a certain type of everyone who wants a certain type of collectible [music] collectible [music] collectible [music] has the chance to get it. And that means has the chance to get it. And that means has the chance to get it. And that means there's a limit of two single boxes per there's a limit of two single boxes per there's a limit of two single boxes per style per guest and or one full case per style per guest and or one full case per style per guest and or one full case per [music] style per guest. The new [music] style per guest. The new [music] style per guest. The new gashapon machines in Epcot are a gashapon machines in Epcot are a gashapon machines in Epcot are a different story though. You can buy as different story though. You can buy as different story though. You can buy as many of those gashas as your heart many of those gashas as your heart many of those gashas as your heart desires. Right outside the Mitsukoshi desires. Right outside the Mitsukoshi desires. Right outside the Mitsukoshi department store inside the Japan department store inside the Japan department store inside the Japan pavilion, you'll find a lineup of pavilion, you'll find a lineup of pavilion, you'll find a lineup of gashapon machines featuring an gashapon machines featuring an gashapon machines featuring an assortment of collectibles based around assortment of collectibles based around assortment of collectibles based around Japanese pop culture characters. To pay Japanese pop culture characters. To pay Japanese pop culture characters. To pay for your gasha, use the touchscreen for your gasha, use the touchscreen for your gasha, use the touchscreen device sandwiched in the middle of all device sandwiched in the middle of all device sandwiched in the middle of all the machines and then choose which the machines and then choose which the machines and then choose which machine you want to try your luck on machine you want to try your luck on machine you want to try your luck on first. Later this summer, the magic of first. Later this summer, the magic of first. Later this summer, the magic of Disney animation is going to open in Disney animation is going to open in Disney animation is going to open in Hollywood Studios and a big draw for Hollywood Studios and a big draw for Hollywood Studios and a big draw for this new area. Get it? Draw animation. this new area. Get it? Draw animation. this new area. Get it? Draw animation. Yes, if you've never met Bria, that is Yes, if you've never met Bria, that is Yes, if you've never met Bria, that is classic Bria humor [laughter] right classic Bria humor [laughter] right classic Bria humor [laughter] right there. Sometimes she makes me make these there. Sometimes she makes me make these there. Sometimes she makes me make these jokes, you guys. I don't even know. I jokes, you guys. I don't even know. I jokes, you guys. I don't even know. I love her. She's the best. Anyway, a big love her. She's the best. Anyway, a big love her. She's the best. Anyway, a big draw for this new area will be all the draw for this new area will be all the draw for this new area will be all the different characters you can meet who different characters you can meet who different characters you can meet who stepped off their cartoon pages and into stepped off their cartoon pages and into stepped off their cartoon pages and into the real world. Here are a couple of the the real world. Here are a couple of the the real world. Here are a couple of the examples that Disney's teased so far. examples that Disney's teased so far. examples that Disney's teased so far. You're going to be able to meet Mulan in You're going to be able to meet Mulan in You're going to be able to meet Mulan in the story department posing with an the story department posing with an the story department posing with an oversized storyboard panel. And over in oversized storyboard panel. And over in oversized storyboard panel. And over in the layout department, Rapunzel's scene the layout department, Rapunzel's scene the layout department, Rapunzel's scene will be inspired by a multiplane camera. will be inspired by a multiplane camera. will be inspired by a multiplane camera. If you align your photo just right, If you align your photo just right, If you align your photo just right, you'll be able to see layers of you'll be able to see layers of you'll be able to see layers of background and painted cells coming background and painted cells coming background and painted cells coming together like magic. What else is coming together like magic. What else is coming together like magic. What else is coming to this new area of Hollywood Studios, to this new area of Hollywood Studios, to this new area of Hollywood Studios, you might ask? Well, a new Disney Junior you might ask? Well, a new Disney Junior you might ask? Well, a new Disney Junior dance party. Disney Junior Mickey Mouse dance party. Disney Junior Mickey Mouse dance party. Disney Junior Mickey Mouse Clubhouse Live will debut this summer, Clubhouse Live will debut this summer, Clubhouse Live will debut this summer, bringing upbeat tunes and opportunities bringing upbeat tunes and opportunities bringing upbeat tunes and opportunities to dance with Mickey and Minnie Mouse to to dance with Mickey and Minnie Mouse to to dance with Mickey and Minnie Mouse to the park. If the show sounds familiar, the park. If the show sounds familiar, the park. If the show sounds familiar, it's because it's the same show that's it's because it's the same show that's it's because it's the same show that's currently at Disneyland Resort, but it's currently at Disneyland Resort, but it's currently at Disneyland Resort, but it's nice to have a bit of Disneyland magic nice to have a bit of Disneyland magic nice to have a bit of Disneyland magic on this side of the country, too. The on this side of the country, too. The on this side of the country, too. The Meadows swimming pool area at Fort Meadows swimming pool area at Fort Meadows swimming pool area at Fort Wilderness Resort is about to double in Wilderness Resort is about to double in Wilderness Resort is about to double in size. Construction on this one began size. Construction on this one began size. Construction on this one began back in May 2025 and now we know it's back in May 2025 and now we know it's back in May 2025 and now we know it's set to be completed in mid 2026. But the set to be completed in mid 2026. But the set to be completed in mid 2026. But the best part about this refurb, the pool best part about this refurb, the pool best part about this refurb, the pool itself will remain open for guests itself will remain open for guests itself will remain open for guests throughout the project. So you don't throughout the project. So you don't throughout the project. So you don't have to worry about booking a stay at have to worry about booking a stay at have to worry about booking a stay at this resort and being meadow swimming this resort and being meadow swimming this resort and being meadow swimming poolless. So how is that possible, poolless. So how is that possible, poolless. So how is that possible, right? The original pool area staying right? The original pool area staying right? The original pool area staying the same, but it's the additions that the same, but it's the additions that the same, but it's the additions that are really changing things for this are really changing things for this are really changing things for this pool. Disney's adding a zero entry pool pool. Disney's adding a zero entry pool pool. Disney's adding a zero entry pool and deck area as well as a tennis court and deck area as well as a tennis court and deck area as well as a tennis court and two pickle ball courts. Y'all, I and two pickle ball courts. Y'all, I and two pickle ball courts. Y'all, I could speak endlessly about places like could speak endlessly about places like could speak endlessly about places like Columbia Harbor House and Magic Kingdom Columbia Harbor House and Magic Kingdom Columbia Harbor House and Magic Kingdom and Flame Tree Barbecue in Animal and Flame Tree Barbecue in Animal and Flame Tree Barbecue in Animal Kingdom. I in fact have spoken endlessly Kingdom. I in fact have spoken endlessly Kingdom. I in fact have spoken endlessly about them, but many of you probably about them, but many of you probably about them, but many of you probably know those places are good and popular know those places are good and popular know those places are good and popular already. So, in 2026, on top of trying already. So, in 2026, on top of trying already. So, in 2026, on top of trying some of those popular quick service some of those popular quick service some of those popular quick service locations, why not give some of the locations, why not give some of the locations, why not give some of the hidden gems a chance to shine on your hidden gems a chance to shine on your hidden gems a chance to shine on your dining itinerary, too? We talk about all dining itinerary, too? We talk about all dining itinerary, too? We talk about all the different popular and hidden gem the different popular and hidden gem the different popular and hidden gem restaurants in our DFB guide to Walt restaurants in our DFB guide to Walt restaurants in our DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining. You can get it now Disney World dining. You can get it now Disney World dining. You can get it now over at dfbstore.com, over at dfbstore.com, over at dfbstore.com, but just to give you a couple of but just to give you a couple of but just to give you a couple of examples, Pepe by Joseé Andreas in examples, Pepe by Joseé Andreas in examples, Pepe by Joseé Andreas in Disney Springs is attached to the main Disney Springs is attached to the main Disney Springs is attached to the main Halle Sitowndown restaurant. Both of Halle Sitowndown restaurant. Both of Halle Sitowndown restaurant. Both of these serve up authentic Spanish comfort these serve up authentic Spanish comfort these serve up authentic Spanish comfort food, but Pepe is going to be a whole food, but Pepe is going to be a whole food, but Pepe is going to be a whole lot more affordable, faster, and it lot more affordable, faster, and it lot more affordable, faster, and it won't require you to make any dining won't require you to make any dining won't require you to make any dining reservations. Another good one, Trails reservations. Another good one, Trails reservations. Another good one, Trails End Restaurant over at Fort Wilderness. End Restaurant over at Fort Wilderness. End Restaurant over at Fort Wilderness. This is off the beaten path, but the This is off the beaten path, but the This is off the beaten path, but the quick service serves up hearty family quick service serves up hearty family quick service serves up hearty family meals with all the fixings. If you want meals with all the fixings. If you want meals with all the fixings. If you want some fried chicken, macaroni and cheese, some fried chicken, macaroni and cheese, some fried chicken, macaroni and cheese, cornbread, mashed potatoes, and other cornbread, mashed potatoes, and other cornbread, mashed potatoes, and other comfort food favorites with all the comfort food favorites with all the comfort food favorites with all the flavor, but at a lower price point than flavor, but at a lower price point than flavor, but at a lower price point than most Disney restaurants, this is where most Disney restaurants, this is where most Disney restaurants, this is where you're going to find it. If you're ready you're going to find it. If you're ready you're going to find it. If you're ready to learn about more of Disney's hidden to learn about more of Disney's hidden to learn about more of Disney's hidden gem restaurants or even the restaurants gem restaurants or even the restaurants gem restaurants or even the restaurants we just recommend all around, regardless we just recommend all around, regardless we just recommend all around, regardless of popularity, head over to dfbstore.com of popularity, head over to dfbstore.com of popularity, head over to dfbstore.com and pick up your DFB guide to Walt and pick up your DFB guide to Walt and pick up your DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining. Don't forget to Disney World dining. Don't forget to Disney World dining. Don't forget to type in code YouTube before you check type in code YouTube before you check type in code YouTube before you check out to apply a hefty discount to your out to apply a hefty discount to your out to apply a hefty discount to your purchase. And yes, this is the guide purchase. And yes, this is the guide purchase. And yes, this is the guide that we work on all year round. This is that we work on all year round. This is that we work on all year round. This is the guide that we have reporters in the the guide that we have reporters in the the guide that we have reporters in the parks constantly picking up new food for parks constantly picking up new food for parks constantly picking up new food for so that we can get all that information so that we can get all that information so that we can get all that information in there for you. It's basically in there for you. It's basically in there for you. It's basically everything you need to know before you everything you need to know before you everything you need to know before you go to Disney World. On most days, the go to Disney World. On most days, the go to Disney World. On most days, the Disney World parks will close at a Disney World parks will close at a Disney World parks will close at a normal time, like 9:00 p.m. or later for normal time, like 9:00 p.m. or later for normal time, like 9:00 p.m. or later for Epcot, Magic Kingdom, Hollywood Studios, Epcot, Magic Kingdom, Hollywood Studios, Epcot, Magic Kingdom, Hollywood Studios, and 6:00 to 8:00 p.m. for Animal and 6:00 to 8:00 p.m. for Animal and 6:00 to 8:00 p.m. for Animal Kingdom. Yep, that's normal time for Kingdom. Yep, that's normal time for Kingdom. Yep, that's normal time for DAK. However, on some days, the parks DAK. However, on some days, the parks DAK. However, on some days, the parks might close hours earlier than they might close hours earlier than they might close hours earlier than they normally do. And that's not just on normally do. And that's not just on normally do. And that's not just on party days like you'll experience at party days like you'll experience at party days like you'll experience at Magic Kingdom during Halloween and Magic Kingdom during Halloween and Magic Kingdom during Halloween and Christmas season. Other days throughout Christmas season. Other days throughout Christmas season. Other days throughout the year, the parks might close early the year, the parks might close early the year, the parks might close early for other reasons like cast member for other reasons like cast member for other reasons like cast member parties or private group events or show parties or private group events or show parties or private group events or show rehearsals or something like that. rehearsals or something like that. rehearsals or something like that. Granted, shortened park days typically Granted, shortened park days typically Granted, shortened park days typically mean lighter crowd levels. Though, you mean lighter crowd levels. Though, you mean lighter crowd levels. Though, you might not want to completely gamble on might not want to completely gamble on might not want to completely gamble on that if you'd rather have more time in that if you'd rather have more time in that if you'd rather have more time in the park and your chance to see happily the park and your chance to see happily the park and your chance to see happily ever after those fireworks at the end of ever after those fireworks at the end of ever after those fireworks at the end of the night. Always double check park the night. Always double check park the night. Always double check park hours on Disney's 5-day calendar via the hours on Disney's 5-day calendar via the hours on Disney's 5-day calendar via the Disney World website before you go, so Disney World website before you go, so Disney World website before you go, so you don't have to guess when a park you don't have to guess when a park you don't have to guess when a park might be closing on the days you're might be closing on the days you're might be closing on the days you're planning to visit. Or if you're signed planning to visit. Or if you're signed planning to visit. Or if you're signed up for our free DFB newsletter, we'll up for our free DFB newsletter, we'll up for our free DFB newsletter, we'll just send you any and all parkour just send you any and all parkour just send you any and all parkour updates whenever we come across them. So updates whenever we come across them. So updates whenever we come across them. So you don't have to stress over ever you don't have to stress over ever you don't have to stress over ever missing out on a recently announced missing out on a recently announced missing out on a recently announced early closure. It's not just park hours early closure. It's not just park hours early closure. It's not just park hours in general that you'll want to keep on in general that you'll want to keep on in general that you'll want to keep on your radar, though. It's show times, your radar, though. It's show times, your radar, though. It's show times, ride times, snack kiosk times, and ride times, snack kiosk times, and ride times, snack kiosk times, and restaurant times, too, because times can restaurant times, too, because times can restaurant times, too, because times can and will change for lots of Disney World and will change for lots of Disney World and will change for lots of Disney World offerings, often without a whole lot of offerings, often without a whole lot of offerings, often without a whole lot of warning or apparent reason. Don't let warning or apparent reason. Don't let warning or apparent reason. Don't let all these time changes overwhelm you all these time changes overwhelm you all these time changes overwhelm you any, though. All it takes is a little My any, though. All it takes is a little My any, though. All it takes is a little My Disney Experience app search or website Disney Experience app search or website Disney Experience app search or website search to see what times are going to search to see what times are going to search to see what times are going to look like for your musto offerings look like for your musto offerings look like for your musto offerings during your upcoming visit. This sort of during your upcoming visit. This sort of during your upcoming visit. This sort of thing happens to us all the time where thing happens to us all the time where thing happens to us all the time where we're planning to go to a quick service we're planning to go to a quick service we're planning to go to a quick service restaurant and whoops, it closes at 400 restaurant and whoops, it closes at 400 restaurant and whoops, it closes at 400 p.m. when the rest of the park doesn't p.m. when the rest of the park doesn't p.m. when the rest of the park doesn't close until 9:00. Happens on the reg. close until 9:00. Happens on the reg. close until 9:00. Happens on the reg. Now, if you really want to take all that Now, if you really want to take all that Now, if you really want to take all that planning stress off your shoulders, then planning stress off your shoulders, then planning stress off your shoulders, then let our friends at Small World Vacations let our friends at Small World Vacations let our friends at Small World Vacations help you out with [music] that. Their help you out with [music] that. Their help you out with [music] that. Their services are 100% free to use and services are 100% free to use and services are 100% free to use and they're great at helping you build a they're great at helping you build a they're great at helping you build a vacation itinerary with any potential vacation itinerary with any potential vacation itinerary with any potential park hours and time changes applied. park hours and time changes applied. park hours and time changes applied. I'll add their website link down in the I'll add their website link down in the I'll add their website link down in the description if you [music] want to reach description if you [music] want to reach description if you [music] want to reach out for a quote. For those who were out for a quote. For those who were out for a quote. For those who were planning on staying at Contemporary planning on staying at Contemporary planning on staying at Contemporary Resorts Bay Lake Tower in 2026 or even Resorts Bay Lake Tower in 2026 or even Resorts Bay Lake Tower in 2026 or even to break to you. Construction for Bay to break to you. Construction for Bay to break to you. Construction for Bay Lake Tower has just been extended yet Lake Tower has just been extended yet Lake Tower has just been extended yet again. The original timeline for this again. The original timeline for this again. The original timeline for this refurb was set to be completed in summer refurb was set to be completed in summer refurb was set to be completed in summer wasn't going to happen in that time wasn't going to happen in that time wasn't going to happen in that time frame, the refurbishment was officially frame, the refurbishment was officially frame, the refurbishment was officially pushed back to July 2026. And now, well, pushed back to July 2026. And now, well, pushed back to July 2026. And now, well, now it seems construction will continue now it seems construction will continue now it seems construction will continue here through late 2027. So, that means here through late 2027. So, that means here through late 2027. So, that means that by the time Disney finally does that by the time Disney finally does that by the time Disney finally does finish its construction at Bay Lake, finish its construction at Bay Lake, finish its construction at Bay Lake, it'll have been under reurb for going on it'll have been under reurb for going on it'll have been under reurb for going on still be open for guests during this still be open for guests during this still be open for guests during this time. Just note that you'll more than time. Just note that you'll more than time. Just note that you'll more than likely continue to hear and see likely continue to hear and see likely continue to hear and see construction during the day, and some construction during the day, and some construction during the day, and some areas might be closed off for the time areas might be closed off for the time areas might be closed off for the time being. So, this isn't exactly a Disney being. So, this isn't exactly a Disney being. So, this isn't exactly a Disney specific tip, but it is going to be specific tip, but it is going to be specific tip, but it is going to be crucial if you're flying in and out of crucial if you're flying in and out of crucial if you're flying in and out of Orlando in 2026, or literally anywhere Orlando in 2026, or literally anywhere Orlando in 2026, or literally anywhere else. ABC News has reported that else. ABC News has reported that else. ABC News has reported that travelers who don't have that real ID or travelers who don't have that real ID or travelers who don't have that real ID or passport when flying will now be charged passport when flying will now be charged passport when flying will now be charged $45. This change will take place $45. This change will take place $45. This change will take place starting February 1st. If you know starting February 1st. If you know starting February 1st. If you know you'll be traveling without a real ID you'll be traveling without a real ID you'll be traveling without a real ID after February 1st, you'll need to go after February 1st, you'll need to go after February 1st, you'll need to go online at tsa.gov of and follow the online at tsa.gov of and follow the online at tsa.gov of and follow the instructions listed to verify your instructions listed to verify your instructions listed to verify your identity and pay the fees. You'll then identity and pay the fees. You'll then identity and pay the fees. You'll then receive an email confirmation to show receive an email confirmation to show receive an email confirmation to show the TSA officer before you can pass the TSA officer before you can pass the TSA officer before you can pass through the checkpoint, which will be through the checkpoint, which will be through the checkpoint, which will be valid for 10 days. It's extremely valid for 10 days. It's extremely valid for 10 days. It's extremely important to note though that TSA has important to note though that TSA has important to note though that TSA has noted that even with the email noted that even with the email noted that even with the email confirmation, people without a real ID confirmation, people without a real ID confirmation, people without a real ID may not be allowed through the may not be allowed through the may not be allowed through the checkpoint if they stumble upon any sort checkpoint if they stumble upon any sort checkpoint if they stumble upon any sort of verification issues. So, the best of verification issues. So, the best of verification issues. So, the best thing you can really do is get that ID thing you can really do is get that ID thing you can really do is get that ID updated ASAP before you fly. Lightning updated ASAP before you fly. Lightning updated ASAP before you fly. Lightning lanes don't have a set price point, lanes don't have a set price point, lanes don't have a set price point, y'all. Instead, prices eb and flow y'all. Instead, prices eb and flow y'all. Instead, prices eb and flow depending on the predicted crowd levels. depending on the predicted crowd levels. depending on the predicted crowd levels. It's definitely considered surge It's definitely considered surge It's definitely considered surge pricing, but you can check on current pricing, but you can check on current pricing, but you can check on current Lightning Lane prices a few weeks before Lightning Lane prices a few weeks before Lightning Lane prices a few weeks before your trip to see what you'll need to your trip to see what you'll need to your trip to see what you'll need to save for, or even if you'll want to save save for, or even if you'll want to save save for, or even if you'll want to save for this add-on at all. To check on for this add-on at all. To check on for this add-on at all. To check on prices 3 weeks out via your My Disney prices 3 weeks out via your My Disney prices 3 weeks out via your My Disney Experience app, go to the Lightning Lane Experience app, go to the Lightning Lane Experience app, go to the Lightning Lane Multipass/Singleass Multipass/Singleass Multipass/Singleass purchase option, which you should be purchase option, which you should be purchase option, which you should be able to find front and center on the able to find front and center on the able to find front and center on the main screen. They really want you to buy main screen. They really want you to buy main screen. They really want you to buy this. But don't worry, it won't force this. But don't worry, it won't force this. But don't worry, it won't force you to purchase anything. You can go you to purchase anything. You can go you to purchase anything. You can go ahead and tap the purchase button ahead and tap the purchase button ahead and tap the purchase button regardless. Then select a date on the regardless. Then select a date on the regardless. Then select a date on the calendar that pops up. From here, you're calendar that pops up. From here, you're calendar that pops up. From here, you're going to be able to look at multi and going to be able to look at multi and going to be able to look at multi and single pass prices for all four parks on single pass prices for all four parks on single pass prices for all four parks on the dates you'll be there. Now, avoid the dates you'll be there. Now, avoid the dates you'll be there. Now, avoid getting sick is probably easier said getting sick is probably easier said getting sick is probably easier said than done when you're in a park with than done when you're in a park with than done when you're in a park with thousands of other people, often thousands of other people, often thousands of other people, often shoulderto-shoulder with them. I am shoulderto-shoulder with them. I am shoulderto-shoulder with them. I am battling a little bit of the Disney crud battling a little bit of the Disney crud battling a little bit of the Disney crud myself right now. myself right now. myself right now. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; So, if you can hear that, I apologize. &gt;&gt; So, if you can hear that, I apologize. &gt;&gt; So, if you can hear that, I apologize. Now, here are a couple of ways to keep Now, here are a couple of ways to keep Now, here are a couple of ways to keep the germs away when a 2026 virus is the germs away when a 2026 virus is the germs away when a 2026 virus is running a muck and trying to ruin your running a muck and trying to ruin your running a muck and trying to ruin your fun. First, sanitize your hands. Wash fun. First, sanitize your hands. Wash fun. First, sanitize your hands. Wash your hands. Keep your hands clean. You your hands. Keep your hands clean. You your hands. Keep your hands clean. You touch a ride lap bar? Sanitize. Hold a touch a ride lap bar? Sanitize. Hold a touch a ride lap bar? Sanitize. Hold a menu? Sanitize. Helped your kid tie menu? Sanitize. Helped your kid tie menu? Sanitize. Helped your kid tie their shoe after they crawled on the hub their shoe after they crawled on the hub their shoe after they crawled on the hub grass? Yeah, you get it. Keep a travel grass? Yeah, you get it. Keep a travel grass? Yeah, you get it. Keep a travel size bottle of hand sanitizer in or size bottle of hand sanitizer in or size bottle of hand sanitizer in or attached to your park bag. It's pretty attached to your park bag. It's pretty attached to your park bag. It's pretty easy to do. Second, plan for a rest day easy to do. Second, plan for a rest day easy to do. Second, plan for a rest day after you get back. Okay, yeah, it's after you get back. Okay, yeah, it's after you get back. Okay, yeah, it's important to rest up plenty when you're important to rest up plenty when you're important to rest up plenty when you're on vacation, too, whenever you can. But on vacation, too, whenever you can. But on vacation, too, whenever you can. But one of the mistakes I find myself making one of the mistakes I find myself making one of the mistakes I find myself making more often than not is taking a Disney more often than not is taking a Disney more often than not is taking a Disney vacation, and then the very next day, vacation, and then the very next day, vacation, and then the very next day, I'm back, returning straight to the I'm back, returning straight to the I'm back, returning straight to the grind. Disney might mean vacation, but grind. Disney might mean vacation, but grind. Disney might mean vacation, but it's sure not a relaxing one, y'all. Try it's sure not a relaxing one, y'all. Try it's sure not a relaxing one, y'all. Try to plan out your trip to give yourself to plan out your trip to give yourself to plan out your trip to give yourself at least one day of rest once you return at least one day of rest once you return at least one day of rest once you return home. Giving your body a little more home. Giving your body a little more home. Giving your body a little more time to just, you know, heal. In 2026, time to just, you know, heal. In 2026, time to just, you know, heal. In 2026, finding value hotel deals is going to be finding value hotel deals is going to be finding value hotel deals is going to be more important than ever while more important than ever while more important than ever while traveling, which is why turning towards traveling, which is why turning towards traveling, which is why turning towards one of Disney World's partner hotels one of Disney World's partner hotels one of Disney World's partner hotels might be better for your budget. Several might be better for your budget. Several might be better for your budget. Several chain hotels out there will reward you chain hotels out there will reward you chain hotels out there will reward you for your frequent stays on their for your frequent stays on their for your frequent stays on their property. All you got to do is sign up property. All you got to do is sign up property. All you got to do is sign up for their free rewards programs, which for their free rewards programs, which for their free rewards programs, which means you'll have to give them some of means you'll have to give them some of means you'll have to give them some of your information, like your email and your information, like your email and your information, like your email and phone number, and then you'll be phone number, and then you'll be phone number, and then you'll be enrolled to start earning points. The enrolled to start earning points. The enrolled to start earning points. The more rooms you book, the more points more rooms you book, the more points more rooms you book, the more points you'll earn, and eventually you'll be you'll earn, and eventually you'll be you'll earn, and eventually you'll be able to start using your builtup points able to start using your builtup points able to start using your builtup points to save money on your future hotel to save money on your future hotel to save money on your future hotel stays, including stays that are close to stays, including stays that are close to stays, including stays that are close to the Disney World bubble or maybe even in the Disney World bubble or maybe even in the Disney World bubble or maybe even in it. like the Swan and Dolphin are part it. like the Swan and Dolphin are part it. like the Swan and Dolphin are part of the Marriott family of hotels and so of the Marriott family of hotels and so of the Marriott family of hotels and so if you have Marriott points, you can use if you have Marriott points, you can use if you have Marriott points, you can use those at Swan and Dolphin and then walk those at Swan and Dolphin and then walk those at Swan and Dolphin and then walk to two of Disney World's parks. We're no to two of Disney World's parks. We're no to two of Disney World's parks. We're no stranger to Disney World ride lines. But stranger to Disney World ride lines. But stranger to Disney World ride lines. But snack lines, depending on how busy it is snack lines, depending on how busy it is snack lines, depending on how busy it is in the parks on the day of your visit, in the parks on the day of your visit, in the parks on the day of your visit, snack lines can now be just as bad as snack lines can now be just as bad as snack lines can now be just as bad as some of the ride lines. Don't believe some of the ride lines. Don't believe some of the ride lines. Don't believe me? Check out this line we ran into at me? Check out this line we ran into at me? Check out this line we ran into at Epcot's Cringa Bakery Cafe not too long Epcot's Cringa Bakery Cafe not too long Epcot's Cringa Bakery Cafe not too long ago. Now, we love this place, but I ago. Now, we love this place, but I ago. Now, we love this place, but I guess everyone else needed some school guess everyone else needed some school guess everyone else needed some school bread real bad that day. While I bread real bad that day. While I bread real bad that day. While I definitely recommend checking this definitely recommend checking this definitely recommend checking this bakery out, I do not recommend getting bakery out, I do not recommend getting bakery out, I do not recommend getting in line for it if the line's looking in line for it if the line's looking in line for it if the line's looking like this. Sometimes lines like this like this. Sometimes lines like this like this. Sometimes lines like this happen out of nowhere for snacks, fast happen out of nowhere for snacks, fast happen out of nowhere for snacks, fast food locations, rides that are usually food locations, rides that are usually food locations, rides that are usually walk-ons. Normally, even during Disney's walk-ons. Normally, even during Disney's walk-ons. Normally, even during Disney's busier seasons, they'll drop down later busier seasons, they'll drop down later busier seasons, they'll drop down later in the day. So, don't be a sheep and in the day. So, don't be a sheep and in the day. So, don't be a sheep and just jump into this kind of line just jump into this kind of line just jump into this kind of line thinking that's the norm, because it's thinking that's the norm, because it's thinking that's the norm, because it's not. Honestly, part of me wonders if a not. Honestly, part of me wonders if a not. Honestly, part of me wonders if a lot of these people thought this was the lot of these people thought this was the lot of these people thought this was the ride for Frozen Ever After. I don't ride for Frozen Ever After. I don't ride for Frozen Ever After. I don't know. Anyway, not to mention there are know. Anyway, not to mention there are know. Anyway, not to mention there are lots of different snack locations all lots of different snack locations all lots of different snack locations all around Epcot to try. So many. So, if around Epcot to try. So many. So, if around Epcot to try. So many. So, if you're looking for a plan B, C, or XYZ you're looking for a plan B, C, or XYZ you're looking for a plan B, C, or XYZ when it comes to Epcot snacks, check out when it comes to Epcot snacks, check out when it comes to Epcot snacks, check out our ranking every Epcot snack video our ranking every Epcot snack video our ranking every Epcot snack video after this, and we can show you even after this, and we can show you even after this, and we can show you even more of our best recommendations. I can more of our best recommendations. I can more of our best recommendations. I can almost guarantee you that if you mobile almost guarantee you that if you mobile almost guarantee you that if you mobile order that pretzel bread, that pretzel order that pretzel bread, that pretzel order that pretzel bread, that pretzel bread pudding at Summerfest, you will bread pudding at Summerfest, you will bread pudding at Summerfest, you will not have to wait in line, my friends. not have to wait in line, my friends. not have to wait in line, my friends. [music] Not at all. If you don't know [music] Not at all. If you don't know [music] Not at all. If you don't know what you want to wear for your upcoming what you want to wear for your upcoming what you want to wear for your upcoming you pick out a new fit over at you pick out a new fit over at you pick out a new fit over at dfbstore.com. dfbstore.com. dfbstore.com. Heading to Hollywood Studios to ride Heading to Hollywood Studios to ride Heading to Hollywood Studios to ride rock and roller coaster starring rock and roller coaster starring rock and roller coaster starring Aerosmith one last time. Of course you Aerosmith one last time. Of course you Aerosmith one last time. Of course you are, and we got a shirt for that. Going are, and we got a shirt for that. Going are, and we got a shirt for that. Going to the parks with an adults only group. to the parks with an adults only group. to the parks with an adults only group. Got a shirt for that, too. Are you part Got a shirt for that, too. Are you part Got a shirt for that, too. Are you part of DFB's unofficial People Mover fan of DFB's unofficial People Mover fan of DFB's unofficial People Mover fan club? I certainly hope you are. What's a club? I certainly hope you are. What's a club? I certainly hope you are. What's a good club without a good shirt to wear good club without a good shirt to wear good club without a good shirt to wear and support your tribe? Right. Right. and support your tribe? Right. Right. and support your tribe? Right. Right. We've got dozens of designs, sizes, and We've got dozens of designs, sizes, and We've got dozens of designs, sizes, and colors for you to choose from. Lots of colors for you to choose from. Lots of colors for you to choose from. Lots of styles, too. [music] So, don't just styles, too. [music] So, don't just styles, too. [music] So, don't just settle for a Disney tea you're not settle for a Disney tea you're not settle for a Disney tea you're not absolutely in love with when you can absolutely in love with when you can absolutely in love with when you can choose one that'll have other guests choose one that'll have other guests choose one that'll have other guests stopping you halfway down Main Street stopping you halfway down Main Street stopping you halfway down Main Street and asking, "Where did you get that?" and asking, "Where did you get that?" and asking, "Where did you get that?" festival you've always wanted to try. festival you've always wanted to try. festival you've always wanted to try. Per the release of this video, we know Per the release of this video, we know Per the release of this video, we know two confirmed festival dates so far. two confirmed festival dates so far. two confirmed festival dates so far. Epcot Festival of the Arts, which as you Epcot Festival of the Arts, which as you Epcot Festival of the Arts, which as you know I call what? That's right, Farts, know I call what? That's right, Farts, know I call what? That's right, Farts, will be happening January 16th to will be happening January 16th to will be happening January 16th to February 23rd, 2026. And Flower and February 23rd, 2026. And Flower and February 23rd, 2026. And Flower and Garden Festival, we got those dates, Garden Festival, we got those dates, Garden Festival, we got those dates, too. Flower and Garden is March 4th to too. Flower and Garden is March 4th to too. Flower and Garden is March 4th to June 1st. As for Food and Wine and June 1st. As for Food and Wine and June 1st. As for Food and Wine and Festival of the Holidays in 2026, we'll Festival of the Holidays in 2026, we'll Festival of the Holidays in 2026, we'll let you know about those official let you know about those official let you know about those official timelines once we learn more. But what I timelines once we learn more. But what I timelines once we learn more. But what I can tell you right now is that in 2025, can tell you right now is that in 2025, can tell you right now is that in 2025, Food and Wine was August 28th to Food and Wine was August 28th to Food and Wine was August 28th to November 22nd and Festival of the November 22nd and Festival of the November 22nd and Festival of the Holidays was November 28th to December Holidays was November 28th to December Holidays was November 28th to December similar timelines for those in 2026 as similar timelines for those in 2026 as similar timelines for those in 2026 as well. Now, I'm going to have my script well. Now, I'm going to have my script well. Now, I'm going to have my script writer Bria and resident Laurana expert writer Bria and resident Laurana expert writer Bria and resident Laurana expert talk about this one. Take it away, Bria. talk about this one. Take it away, Bria. talk about this one. Take it away, Bria. If you all have been following DFB for a If you all have been following DFB for a If you all have been following DFB for a while, then you might already know that while, then you might already know that while, then you might already know that my favorite Epcot [music] festival is my favorite Epcot [music] festival is my favorite Epcot [music] festival is Festival of the Arts. The food studios, Festival of the Arts. The food studios, Festival of the Arts. The food studios, the Broadway concert series, the the Broadway concert series, the the Broadway concert series, the Chalkwalk, all of the visiting artist. Chalkwalk, all of the visiting artist. Chalkwalk, all of the visiting artist. Ah, it just makes my artsy side oh so Ah, it just makes my artsy side oh so Ah, it just makes my artsy side oh so happy. But in 2026, [music] happy. But in 2026, [music] happy. But in 2026, [music] Festival of the Arts is going to be 10 Festival of the Arts is going to be 10 Festival of the Arts is going to be 10 times better. At least in my opinion, times better. At least in my opinion, times better. At least in my opinion, because this is the first year that two because this is the first year that two because this is the first year that two activities, not one, but two, related to activities, not one, but two, related to activities, not one, but two, related to the Disney Lana trading card game will the Disney Lana trading card game will the Disney Lana trading card game will [music] be offered. And holy cow, I [music] be offered. And holy cow, I [music] be offered. And holy cow, I cannot wait for that. To embark on cannot wait for that. To embark on cannot wait for that. To embark on either or both of these activities, just either or both of these activities, just either or both of these activities, just pick up a festival quest book from the pick up a festival quest book from the pick up a festival quest book from the bridge between World Celebration and bridge between World Celebration and bridge between World Celebration and World Showcase. Okay, I'm back. Roped World Showcase. Okay, I'm back. Roped World Showcase. Okay, I'm back. Roped the parks, aka getting there right when the parks, aka getting there right when the parks, aka getting there right when they open for the day, can be a great they open for the day, can be a great they open for the day, can be a great way to get ahead of the crowds. But way to get ahead of the crowds. But way to get ahead of the crowds. But Apot's World Showcase doesn't totally Apot's World Showcase doesn't totally Apot's World Showcase doesn't totally play by those roped drop rules. Several, play by those roped drop rules. Several, play by those roped drop rules. Several, not all, but lots of Epcot's shops and not all, but lots of Epcot's shops and not all, but lots of Epcot's shops and restaurants and festival booths do tend restaurants and festival booths do tend restaurants and festival booths do tend to open later on, usually around 11:00 to open later on, usually around 11:00 to open later on, usually around 11:00 a.m. So, if you are coming to this park a.m. So, if you are coming to this park a.m. So, if you are coming to this park to check out one of its festivals, just to check out one of its festivals, just to check out one of its festivals, just keep in mind that the first couple of keep in mind that the first couple of keep in mind that the first couple of hours won't typically have festival hours won't typically have festival hours won't typically have festival booths available, meaning this is a booths available, meaning this is a booths available, meaning this is a great time to hit up some of those Epcot great time to hit up some of those Epcot great time to hit up some of those Epcot rides first thing. Remember, World rides first thing. Remember, World rides first thing. Remember, World Showcase might not be completely open in Showcase might not be completely open in Showcase might not be completely open in the morning, but the World Showcase the morning, but the World Showcase the morning, but the World Showcase rides like Remyy's Ratatouille Adventure rides like Remyy's Ratatouille Adventure rides like Remyy's Ratatouille Adventure in France. Frozen Ever After in Norway in France. Frozen Ever After in Norway in France. Frozen Ever After in Norway and Three Cabieros Grand Fiesta Tour in and Three Cabieros Grand Fiesta Tour in and Three Cabieros Grand Fiesta Tour in Mexico will be open. It's been a while Mexico will be open. It's been a while Mexico will be open. It's been a while since Magic Band stopped being included since Magic Band stopped being included since Magic Band stopped being included with your Disney World hotel stay. But a with your Disney World hotel stay. But a with your Disney World hotel stay. But a lot of you don't even know that they lot of you don't even know that they lot of you don't even know that they used to be, [music] but that doesn't used to be, [music] but that doesn't used to be, [music] but that doesn't mean we're not still mourning that mean we're not still mourning that mean we're not still mourning that missing perk in 2026. We're missing it missing perk in 2026. We're missing it missing perk in 2026. We're missing it now more than ever since Magic Bands now more than ever since Magic Bands now more than ever since Magic Bands have recently had another price hike. have recently had another price hike. have recently had another price hike. [music] Now, I love sporting a Magic [music] Now, I love sporting a Magic [music] Now, I love sporting a Magic Band as much as the next Disney Adult, Band as much as the next Disney Adult, Band as much as the next Disney Adult, but they're definitely not necessary for but they're definitely not necessary for but they're definitely not necessary for your 2026 trip [music] if you don't want your 2026 trip [music] if you don't want your 2026 trip [music] if you don't want to invest in one. If you want to save to invest in one. If you want to save to invest in one. If you want to save some cash, then use Magic Mobile some cash, then use Magic Mobile some cash, then use Magic Mobile instead. Disney's Magic Mobile service instead. Disney's Magic Mobile service instead. Disney's Magic Mobile service allows you to connect your group's park allows you to connect your group's park allows you to connect your group's park [music] tickets to your phone's wallet [music] tickets to your phone's wallet [music] tickets to your phone's wallet through the My Disney Experience app. through the My Disney Experience app. through the My Disney Experience app. Then, all you got to do to use them is Then, all you got to do to use them is Then, all you got to do to use them is simply tap your phone at the touch simply tap your phone at the touch simply tap your phone at the touch points and scan in. You can also use it points and scan in. You can also use it points and scan in. You can also use it to get into your room, which I do pretty to get into your room, which I do pretty to get into your room, which I do pretty [music] regularly. The Disney Skyliner [music] regularly. The Disney Skyliner [music] regularly. The Disney Skyliner runs between Hollywood Studios, Epcot, runs between Hollywood Studios, Epcot, runs between Hollywood Studios, Epcot, and the Skyliner hotels, which include and the Skyliner hotels, which include and the Skyliner hotels, which include Caribbean Beach, Riviera, Art of Caribbean Beach, Riviera, Art of Caribbean Beach, Riviera, Art of Animation, and Pop Century. Now, we love Animation, and Pop Century. Now, we love Animation, and Pop Century. Now, we love the Skyliner here on the DFB team, but the Skyliner here on the DFB team, but the Skyliner here on the DFB team, but just so you're aware, there are not a just so you're aware, there are not a just so you're aware, there are not a lot of bus alternatives to get you to lot of bus alternatives to get you to lot of bus alternatives to get you to Epcot or Hollywood Studios from the Epcot or Hollywood Studios from the Epcot or Hollywood Studios from the Skyliner resorts. So, if you've got a Skyliner resorts. So, if you've got a Skyliner resorts. So, if you've got a big fear of heights and you think the big fear of heights and you think the big fear of heights and you think the Skyliner is going to trigger that Skyliner is going to trigger that Skyliner is going to trigger that phobia, these resorts might not be the phobia, these resorts might not be the phobia, these resorts might not be the best fit for you. The only time best fit for you. The only time best fit for you. The only time Hollywood Studios and Epcot buses are Hollywood Studios and Epcot buses are Hollywood Studios and Epcot buses are offered at these resorts is if the offered at these resorts is if the offered at these resorts is if the Skyliner's closed for whatever reason, Skyliner's closed for whatever reason, Skyliner's closed for whatever reason, like for extended refurbishments or like for extended refurbishments or like for extended refurbishments or weather related issues. Otherwise, it's weather related issues. Otherwise, it's weather related issues. Otherwise, it's the Skyliner for you, unless you're cool the Skyliner for you, unless you're cool the Skyliner for you, unless you're cool with taking your own car or paying for a with taking your own car or paying for a with taking your own car or paying for a ride share to get you to those two parks ride share to get you to those two parks ride share to get you to those two parks instead, skipping the Skyliner entirely. instead, skipping the Skyliner entirely. instead, skipping the Skyliner entirely. Who's ready for a little healthy Who's ready for a little healthy Who's ready for a little healthy competition? Nope, I don't mean that competition? Nope, I don't mean that competition? Nope, I don't mean that roped drop race to Flight of Passage. roped drop race to Flight of Passage. roped drop race to Flight of Passage. Level 99 is an interactive social Level 99 is an interactive social Level 99 is an interactive social entertainment experience featuring entertainment experience featuring entertainment experience featuring physical and mental challenges set in physical and mental challenges set in physical and mental challenges set in artistic environments and it's coming to artistic environments and it's coming to artistic environments and it's coming to Disney Springs in 2026. [music] Now, I Disney Springs in 2026. [music] Now, I Disney Springs in 2026. [music] Now, I know what I just said doesn't know what I just said doesn't know what I just said doesn't necessarily sound like super enticing. necessarily sound like super enticing. necessarily sound like super enticing. [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] Basically, it's just a giant interactive Basically, it's just a giant interactive Basically, it's just a giant interactive like video game that you get to just like video game that you get to just like video game that you get to just jump into. Now, per the release of this jump into. Now, per the release of this jump into. Now, per the release of this video, we don't have exact dates for the video, we don't have exact dates for the video, we don't have exact dates for the mega arcade yet, but we do know it'll mega arcade yet, but we do know it'll mega arcade yet, but we do know it'll feature over 60 challenge rooms and feature over 60 challenge rooms and feature over 60 challenge rooms and duels, as well as a menu with various duels, as well as a menu with various duels, as well as a menu with various options, including artisan pizza to fuel options, including artisan pizza to fuel options, including artisan pizza to fuel up before or after your backtoback up before or after your backtoback up before or after your backtoback challenges. I know folks usually say challenges. I know folks usually say challenges. I know folks usually say three is a crowd, but maybe three is the three is a crowd, but maybe three is the three is a crowd, but maybe three is the magic number when it comes to how many magic number when it comes to how many magic number when it comes to how many pairs of shoes you need to pack for a pairs of shoes you need to pack for a pairs of shoes you need to pack for a full-on Disney World getaway. If you're full-on Disney World getaway. If you're full-on Disney World getaway. If you're going to be staying at Disney World for going to be staying at Disney World for going to be staying at Disney World for five or more days, you'll want a five or more days, you'll want a five or more days, you'll want a reliable pair of park shoes. Something reliable pair of park shoes. Something reliable pair of park shoes. Something comfy and broken in, but not so broken comfy and broken in, but not so broken comfy and broken in, but not so broken in that they're worn down and falling in that they're worn down and falling in that they're worn down and falling apart. You need shoes that'll survive apart. You need shoes that'll survive apart. You need shoes that'll survive thousands of steps a day. You also want thousands of steps a day. You also want thousands of steps a day. You also want a pair of pool shoes, like a sandal or a a pair of pool shoes, like a sandal or a a pair of pool shoes, like a sandal or a flip-flop or a croc, something you can flip-flop or a croc, something you can flip-flop or a croc, something you can wear down to your hotel pool and back wear down to your hotel pool and back wear down to your hotel pool and back again without getting your park shoes again without getting your park shoes again without getting your park shoes all soggy. And also potentially rely on all soggy. And also potentially rely on all soggy. And also potentially rely on if your reliable pair of park shoes got if your reliable pair of park shoes got if your reliable pair of park shoes got completely soaked the other day and you completely soaked the other day and you completely soaked the other day and you need something else to wear in the need something else to wear in the need something else to wear in the meantime. and maybe a pair of nice shoes meantime. and maybe a pair of nice shoes meantime. and maybe a pair of nice shoes just in case you book reservations at a just in case you book reservations at a just in case you book reservations at a nice restaurant that requires some sort nice restaurant that requires some sort nice restaurant that requires some sort of a dress code or you want to dress up of a dress code or you want to dress up of a dress code or you want to dress up fancy for a date night in Disney fancy for a date night in Disney fancy for a date night in Disney Springs. Now, if you're like me and even Springs. Now, if you're like me and even Springs. Now, if you're like me and even if you go on a date night in Disney if you go on a date night in Disney if you go on a date night in Disney Springs, you're still going to kind of Springs, you're still going to kind of Springs, you're still going to kind of wear your New Balance sneakers, then you wear your New Balance sneakers, then you wear your New Balance sneakers, then you don't have to bring those. But I'd bring don't have to bring those. But I'd bring don't have to bring those. But I'd bring a second pair of reliable shoes again a second pair of reliable shoes again a second pair of reliable shoes again just in case they get wet because, you just in case they get wet because, you just in case they get wet because, you know, they probably will. Big news, know, they probably will. Big news, know, they probably will. Big news, everyone. Disney's ride share service, everyone. Disney's ride share service, everyone. Disney's ride share service, minivans that are operated by Lyft, can minivans that are operated by Lyft, can minivans that are operated by Lyft, can take you anywhere you need to go around take you anywhere you need to go around take you anywhere you need to go around Disney property. But now, minivans also Disney property. But now, minivans also Disney property. But now, minivans also have added airport service that you can have added airport service that you can have added airport service that you can use if you're staying as a guest of one use if you're staying as a guest of one use if you're staying as a guest of one of the Disney Deluxe hotels. If you want of the Disney Deluxe hotels. If you want of the Disney Deluxe hotels. If you want to book minivan airport service, you can to book minivan airport service, you can to book minivan airport service, you can do that 60 days before your visit and no do that 60 days before your visit and no do that 60 days before your visit and no later than up to 2 days before your later than up to 2 days before your later than up to 2 days before your visit. Now, it is expensive, so just visit. Now, it is expensive, so just visit. Now, it is expensive, so just budget back for that. If you're a Disney budget back for that. If you're a Disney budget back for that. If you're a Disney Visa card holder, then this one's for Visa card holder, then this one's for Visa card holder, then this one's for you. You can find exclusive meet and you. You can find exclusive meet and you. You can find exclusive meet and greet opportunities at Hollywood Studios greet opportunities at Hollywood Studios greet opportunities at Hollywood Studios and Epcot. Now, Studios has an exclusive and Epcot. Now, Studios has an exclusive and Epcot. Now, Studios has an exclusive Olaf meet and greet between 9:00 a.m. Olaf meet and greet between 9:00 a.m. Olaf meet and greet between 9:00 a.m. and 12:00 p.m. And over at Epcot, you and 12:00 p.m. And over at Epcot, you and 12:00 p.m. And over at Epcot, you can find the Disney Visa meet and greet can find the Disney Visa meet and greet can find the Disney Visa meet and greet spot super close to the Journey into spot super close to the Journey into spot super close to the Journey into Imagination with Figment Ride. Often, Imagination with Figment Ride. Often, Imagination with Figment Ride. Often, this meet and greet will host Mickey and this meet and greet will host Mickey and this meet and greet will host Mickey and other Fab Five members, which is more other Fab Five members, which is more other Fab Five members, which is more often than not going to be Minnie Mouse, often than not going to be Minnie Mouse, often than not going to be Minnie Mouse, though she might switch out every now though she might switch out every now though she might switch out every now and then for someone else. This meet and and then for someone else. This meet and and then for someone else. This meet and greet photo op typically takes place greet photo op typically takes place greet photo op typically takes place between 1 and 6:30 p.m. And if that between 1 and 6:30 p.m. And if that between 1 and 6:30 p.m. And if that wasn't a sweet enough deal as is, these wasn't a sweet enough deal as is, these wasn't a sweet enough deal as is, these opportunities will also give you free opportunities will also give you free opportunities will also give you free photo pass downloads of your character photo pass downloads of your character photo pass downloads of your character interactions. No memory maker purchase interactions. No memory maker purchase interactions. No memory maker purchase necessary. Check the Disney World necessary. Check the Disney World necessary. Check the Disney World website for character meet and greet website for character meet and greet website for character meet and greet times before you go since they are times before you go since they are times before you go since they are subject to change. And be sure to bring subject to change. And be sure to bring subject to change. And be sure to bring your Disney Visa card with you. Got to your Disney Visa card with you. Got to your Disney Visa card with you. Got to use that as your ticket in. Disney's use that as your ticket in. Disney's use that as your ticket in. Disney's water parks aren't normally free, but water parks aren't normally free, but water parks aren't normally free, but they are free for anyone staying at any they are free for anyone staying at any they are free for anyone staying at any of the Disney-owned hotels, including of the Disney-owned hotels, including of the Disney-owned hotels, including Disney Vacation Club properties, during Disney Vacation Club properties, during Disney Vacation Club properties, during the summer of 2026. In 2025, this free the summer of 2026. In 2025, this free the summer of 2026. In 2025, this free perk was available all year long, so the perk was available all year long, so the perk was available all year long, so the freebie is a bit more limited now, but freebie is a bit more limited now, but freebie is a bit more limited now, but we're still glad it's being offered in we're still glad it's being offered in we're still glad it's being offered in some way, shape, or form. Now, the catch some way, shape, or form. Now, the catch some way, shape, or form. Now, the catch is you can only use your free water park is you can only use your free water park is you can only use your free water park privilege on your hotel check-in day. privilege on your hotel check-in day. privilege on your hotel check-in day. So, if you need to drop off your luggage So, if you need to drop off your luggage So, if you need to drop off your luggage before you start enjoying all that free before you start enjoying all that free before you start enjoying all that free water park goodness, you can still swing water park goodness, you can still swing water park goodness, you can still swing by your hotel first thing in the by your hotel first thing in the by your hotel first thing in the morning, even before your room is ready morning, even before your room is ready morning, even before your room is ready for you and have Bell Services hold on for you and have Bell Services hold on for you and have Bell Services hold on to your stuff. Just pack all your water to your stuff. Just pack all your water to your stuff. Just pack all your water park paraphernalia in your carry-on so park paraphernalia in your carry-on so park paraphernalia in your carry-on so you can just take that right over to you can just take that right over to you can just take that right over to Blizzard Beach or Typhoon Lagoon and get Blizzard Beach or Typhoon Lagoon and get Blizzard Beach or Typhoon Lagoon and get changed and hit the slopes or the lazy changed and hit the slopes or the lazy changed and hit the slopes or the lazy river, whatever. Unlike the other Disney river, whatever. Unlike the other Disney river, whatever. Unlike the other Disney World parks, you can't park your car World parks, you can't park your car World parks, you can't park your car right near the Magic Kingdom entrance, right near the Magic Kingdom entrance, right near the Magic Kingdom entrance, right? Instead, if you plan on driving, right? Instead, if you plan on driving, right? Instead, if you plan on driving, you'll have to park at the you'll have to park at the you'll have to park at the transportation and ticket center first transportation and ticket center first transportation and ticket center first and then take either a Montreal or a and then take either a Montreal or a and then take either a Montreal or a ferry the rest of the way to the front ferry the rest of the way to the front ferry the rest of the way to the front gate. [music] Sometimes it's a tossup gate. [music] Sometimes it's a tossup gate. [music] Sometimes it's a tossup between which is the better mode of between which is the better mode of between which is the better mode of transportation. Usually all depends on transportation. Usually all depends on transportation. Usually all depends on what the lines look like for these, but what the lines look like for these, but what the lines look like for these, but in the wintertime, the DFB reporting in the wintertime, the DFB reporting in the wintertime, the DFB reporting team tends to be team Montreal. Why? team tends to be team Montreal. Why? team tends to be team Montreal. Why? Because a ferry ride over to Magic Because a ferry ride over to Magic Because a ferry ride over to Magic Kingdom can be real cold right at the Kingdom can be real cold right at the Kingdom can be real cold right at the start of the day or end of the night. start of the day or end of the night. start of the day or end of the night. And if you didn't pack a jacket to And if you didn't pack a jacket to And if you didn't pack a jacket to prepare for that briskness because prepare for that briskness because prepare for that briskness because you're in Florida, that unexpected chill you're in Florida, that unexpected chill you're in Florida, that unexpected chill can get brutal. I'm not saying to not can get brutal. I'm not saying to not can get brutal. I'm not saying to not take the ferry in the winter. I'm just take the ferry in the winter. I'm just take the ferry in the winter. I'm just saying that if you do, make sure to pack saying that if you do, make sure to pack saying that if you do, make sure to pack layers so you can brace yourself for the layers so you can brace yourself for the layers so you can brace yourself for the cold. All's Quincy has a bonus tip. If cold. All's Quincy has a bonus tip. If cold. All's Quincy has a bonus tip. If you want a less crowded ferry ride to you want a less crowded ferry ride to you want a less crowded ferry ride to and from Magic Kingdom, just go and from Magic Kingdom, just go and from Magic Kingdom, just go upstairs. You'll have a little more upstairs. You'll have a little more upstairs. You'll have a little more elbow room on the second floor, though elbow room on the second floor, though elbow room on the second floor, though the windchill will still be pretty the windchill will still be pretty the windchill will still be pretty biting in the winter. When you're biting in the winter. When you're biting in the winter. When you're packing your park bag, you might want to packing your park bag, you might want to packing your park bag, you might want to keep things light, of course, but you keep things light, of course, but you keep things light, of course, but you also want to make your day as convenient also want to make your day as convenient also want to make your day as convenient as you can without having to backtrack as you can without having to backtrack as you can without having to backtrack to the hotel whenever you need to the hotel whenever you need to the hotel whenever you need something. Sure, you've probably already something. Sure, you've probably already something. Sure, you've probably already packed stuff like sunscreen and your packed stuff like sunscreen and your packed stuff like sunscreen and your wallet and a portable charger for your wallet and a portable charger for your wallet and a portable charger for your phone. And if you haven't, you should. phone. And if you haven't, you should. phone. And if you haven't, you should. But along with those lightweight But along with those lightweight But along with those lightweight necessities, you'll also want to pack necessities, you'll also want to pack necessities, you'll also want to pack these lightweight essentials that you these lightweight essentials that you these lightweight essentials that you might not have thought about packing might not have thought about packing might not have thought about packing before. First, a rechargeable fan. This before. First, a rechargeable fan. This before. First, a rechargeable fan. This one's available in several different one's available in several different one's available in several different colors on Amazon and features a colors on Amazon and features a colors on Amazon and features a rechargeable fan with two speeds as well rechargeable fan with two speeds as well rechargeable fan with two speeds as well as a power bank to charge your devices. as a power bank to charge your devices. as a power bank to charge your devices. Has a flashlight and a collapsible Has a flashlight and a collapsible Has a flashlight and a collapsible design making it super easy to pack in design making it super easy to pack in design making it super easy to pack in your park bag. Now, this is one that we your park bag. Now, this is one that we your park bag. Now, this is one that we have tested multiple times in the parks have tested multiple times in the parks have tested multiple times in the parks and against other fans as well. And this and against other fans as well. And this and against other fans as well. And this one's come out on top for us. And one's come out on top for us. And one's come out on top for us. And second, a hairbrush. Now, listen. After second, a hairbrush. Now, listen. After second, a hairbrush. Now, listen. After riding the recently revamped test track riding the recently revamped test track riding the recently revamped test track in Epcot or the soon to reopen Big in Epcot or the soon to reopen Big in Epcot or the soon to reopen Big Thunder Mountain Railroad in Magic Thunder Mountain Railroad in Magic Thunder Mountain Railroad in Magic Kingdom, you're going to be wishing for Kingdom, you're going to be wishing for Kingdom, you're going to be wishing for a brush, especially if you lost the last a brush, especially if you lost the last a brush, especially if you lost the last remaining hair tie that used to be remaining hair tie that used to be remaining hair tie that used to be around your wrist. It's a good idea to around your wrist. It's a good idea to around your wrist. It's a good idea to pack a small hairbrush in your park bag pack a small hairbrush in your park bag pack a small hairbrush in your park bag to tame the mane when need be. That way, to tame the mane when need be. That way, to tame the mane when need be. That way, all your photo pass pictures from here all your photo pass pictures from here all your photo pass pictures from here on out don't look like you just stepped on out don't look like you just stepped on out don't look like you just stepped out of a wind tunnel. Now, I know out of a wind tunnel. Now, I know out of a wind tunnel. Now, I know there's lots to learn about Disney World there's lots to learn about Disney World there's lots to learn about Disney World and so much more we didn't get the and so much more we didn't get the and so much more we didn't get the chance to cover today, too, if you can chance to cover today, too, if you can chance to cover today, too, if you can believe that. If you're ready to keep believe that. If you're ready to keep believe that. If you're ready to keep planning your 2026 Disney World planning your 2026 Disney World planning your 2026 Disney World vacation, then be sure to check out some vacation, then be sure to check out some vacation, then be sure to check out some of our other 2026 specific videos like of our other 2026 specific videos like of our other 2026 specific videos like the ultimate guide to Magic Kingdom in the ultimate guide to Magic Kingdom in the ultimate guide to Magic Kingdom in forget to download that free Disney forget to download that free Disney forget to download that free Disney World calendar if you haven't already World calendar if you haven't already World calendar if you haven't already over at disneyfoodblog.com/wdwcal. I promise you [music] it's going to be I promise you [music] it's going to be I promise you [music] it's going to be super super useful. And even if it's super super useful. And even if it's super super useful. And even if it's not, it's free, so who cares? Thanks for not, it's free, so who cares? Thanks for not, it's free, so who cares? Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for listening everyone and thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for watching. As always, this is AJ for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Vlog and we'll see you real Disney Food Vlog and we'll see you real Disney Food Vlog and we'll see you real soon.
