---
video_id: 9b-9uuDf-qw
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Annoying NEW Problems Disney Cruise Line"
published: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9b-9uuDf-qw
---
New Disney cruise ships. Exciting new Disney cruise ship problems. Annoying. But we're going to expose all the new problems we keep stumbling upon today so that you don't have to get tripped up by them when you're out at sea. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. Disney Cruise Line has been very busy lately. We even learned about another new ship on the horizon. the Disney believe slated to take her maiden voyage next year. That is wild but very exciting. However, new cruise ships don't always mean flawless cruise execution. So, we are here to address the cruising elephants in the room and make sure you know how to navigate around those before you board. But before we get started, we recently updated our free Disney Cruise Ultimate Guide to reflect a lot of the new stuff going on across Disney's newest ships like the Disney Treasure, the Destiny, the Adventure. Not to mention, we talk about all the other ships throughout this free guide, too. Wish, magic, wonder, dream, fantasy, so you can compare and see what makes each one so unique. So, if you want to pick up that guide, scan the QR code you see on the screen, or you can always click on the for Disney foodblog.com/cruise planning and pick it up later. Number one, annoying new problems with DCL. Ride lines get super long. You wouldn't think you'd have to worry about ride lines when you're on a Disney cruise, would you? But Disney cruise ships keep getting rides that are more and more intricate. The Disney Wish was the first to debut the Aqua Mouse, which was not one but two different ride shows you can potentially experience. Then The Treasure brought back the Aqua Mouse with three potential shows instead of two. And then the Disney Destiny said, "You know what? Three shows aren't enough. Let's add four." And then The Adventure said, "Hold my beer." And ditch the Aqua Mouse entirely. and added three full-on rides, one of which is Disney's first ever roller coaster on board a ship. Not to mention, it's currently holding the record for being the longest coaster at sea. But you know what happens when new and innovative rides hit the scene of a Disney vacation? Lines are sure to come with them and really long lines at that, especially if you're in the middle of your sea day. If you're trying to cut down on your cruise line ride weights, you've got to apply the same sort of rules you'd apply to Disney theme park. You got to wake up and you go right when these rides open. Not only will several folks choose to sleep in, but a lot of them will also choose to make a beline to the all-inclusive breakfast buffet instead of starting off the day with back-to-back rides, giving you the chance to get in those cues before everyone else. Ride lines also tend to be more manageable for the rides during port of call days since the majority of folks are going to choose to go out and explore the new locations versus stay on board the ship. This doesn't mean you can't also get off the ship to enjoy the little sightseeing. But if you get back earlier enough, or if you choose to debark later, this could be your chance to hop on a ride with no weights. Note, you're going to need to peep those ride opening times before your port day since the water slides can sometimes close early or open later. For example, rides like the Aqueduck on the Disney Dream and Fantasy and Aqua Dunk on the Magic often won't open until around 2:00 p.m. when they're docked somewhere like Castaway Key or Lookout Key. Extra note, this tip can't be applied to the adventure since it stays out at sea only all cruise long. Another method you can use, prioritize the rides as the first thing you do when you get on the ship. Rides will start to open shortly after passengers begin boarding on embarcation day. And once again, lots of people are going to choose to get a head start on the all you can eat food versus getting in line for rides. Just make sure you pack your swimsuit in your personal carry-on or already have it if you're going to be making a break for the water rides just as soon as you step foot on the ship. Okay, one last line skipping strategy for you. This is one I use all the time. If your kids are way more into rides and water slides than they are stage shows, then you may want to skip the Broadway style shows to sneak in a few more rides with way shorter weights either before or after dinner. Have you seen how big these new ships are? They are massive. When the first ever Disney cruise ship, the Disney Magic, took her maiden voyage back in 1998, and no, I know we're not talking about the big red boat here, not technically a Disney cruise ship. We thought she was pretty hefty back then. The Disney Magic has 11 decks, is 984 ft long, and can hold up to 2,713 passengers. But you fast forward to today, and the ships have gotten way bigger. The newest Disney Adventure has a whopping 20 decks. It's 1,122 ft long, can hold up to, brace yourself, 6,700 passengers. That's triple what the Magic can hold, and if you're someone like me who can get turned around really easily in a new environment, these bigger ships just give you more opportunities to get totally lost. Especially when you're trying to track down your stateateroom again. Those hallways are so winding and so long, it almost feels like a labyrinth. Who knows, you might just see Jarthur trip into the bog of eternal stench. But let's not discredit the sizes of the classic ships either. It's still easy to get lost on a ship like the Disney Magic, too, especially if you're getting on for your first ever Disney cruise. So, here's how to best get around any ship, regardless of which one you board. Strategy number one, use the Disney Cruise Line Navigator app as your guide. The Nav app will have an option where you can explore the ship's deck plans to help you keep track of where everything is. Plus, you should be able to find physical maps of the ships on every ship near the elevator banks. Strategy number two, look at the carpet. Yep, each Disney ship has its own hallway stateroom carpet patterns and colorings that'll work as your northern star to help point you forward. The patterns are different between each ship, though the classic ships do tend to stick with the star motif. But if you're looking at the pattern and it's right side up from where you're standing, that means it's pointing you forward towards the bow. But if you're looking at it and the pattern is upside down, it's pointing you backward toward aft. For the newer Disney Wishcl class ships, they take their carpet directions one step further by showing you exactly what section of the ship you're already in based on the stateateroom hallway carpet colors. If the carpet's red, that means you're currently in the bow. If it's blue, that means you're in the aft. Strategy number three, just ask. Disney's crew members are everywhere. They're in the atriums, the pool decks, the stateateroom hallways, you name it. So, if you're super turned around, just ask them for directions. They're always happy to help. I know this isn't what you want to hear, but it's what you need to hear. While the rotational dinners and buffet lines and pool deck food courts are all included with the price of your stateateroom, Disney saves their highest quality meals for those who want to splurge a little extra for them. Now, that doesn't mean you're not going to get a decent, if not great, dinner experience by sticking to rotational dining. You may even prefer the rotational dining menus to the fancy stuff because of the theming and entertainment alone. And I know for a fact my husband would skip the fancy feats nine times out of 10 to split a basket of chicken tenders with my son over at the pool deck. But Disney really goes all out with their premium adults onlyly restaurants. And as more ships get added to the fleet, more premium dining experiences get added to the lineup. The most classic Disney ships, the Magic and Wonder, only have Paulo as your signature dining option. Then the Disney dream and fantasy came along and included Paulo on their ship lineups as well as a new signature dining experience called Remy inspired by everybody's favorite little chef from the Pixar film Ratatouille. But then the wish started sailing and it introduced us to Anante as well as Paulo Steakhouse for the first time. Ashante is a premium restaurant inspired by Lumiere from Beauty and the Beast with a menu crafted by the three Michelin starred chef Arno Lmont who I absolutely love cuz he likes sauce as much as I do. And by the way, he's also partially responsible for the Remy signature dining menu on the Dream and Fantasy. And Palo Steakhouse is a premium restaurant inspired by Cogsworth, also from Beauty and the Beast with a menu featuring both Italian fair and modern steakhouse cuisine. It's basically everything you love from the old Italian-only Palo menu, but also some solid additional steakhouse options. And then you got the brand new Palo Tredderia on the Disney Adventure, an adults onlyly restaurant themed around Pixar's Luca and featuring Northern Italian cuisine. Plus, the Disney Adventure also has a familyfriendly premium dining experience on board called Mike and Sully's Flavors of Asia, which features four different experiences, including a fullervice Japanese steakhouse, a tanyaki room, a bar with omicas style dining, and outdoor dining with sushi and sashimi. This is basically Harry's. And let's not forget, you'll also have to pay extra if you want any cocktails or bites over at those highly themed lounges. But it's not just the adults who have the premium dining and drinking options here. While soft serve is free on board each of the ships, the ultra over-the-top super cool sundaes will cost you extra at the premium sweet shops. You'll also have to pay extra for whatever else you buy at these premium dessert spots, too, like macaroons and truffles and cake pops, the whole nine yards. So, you really need to think it over and decide if the highest quality food on board is worth sacrificing one of your free dining experiences for, or if you'd rather stick with the included stuff and skip making reservations for what could have been the best meal you've ever had. I love the over-the-top themed lounge trend going on at Disney's latest fleet of ships. We got lounges like Star Wars Hyperspace Lounge on the Disney Wish and the Haunted Mansion Parlor on the Treasure and Destiny, the Marvel themed Sanctum Lounge on Disney Destiny, the Evil Queen inspired Spellbound on the Adventure, and more. But since these lounges are so cool, they're also super popular, which can be kind of an issue when they're not very big to begin with. Not only that, but if you visit one of the lounges earlier on in the afternoon and it's the only lounge currently open on the ship, then you don't have any other lounges that are going to help spread out the boozy drink and entertainment demand, which leads to even more crowds and potentially slower service. In some cases, you might even need to book reservations for specific lounges if the ship is completely packed. But mostly, lounges will be first come, first served experiences. If you want to visit a lounge when things are a little less chaotic, you'll first and foremost want to look at the lounge schedules, which you should be able to find listed on your navigator app or on the signage right outside the lounge itself. If you can go to a certain lounge during a time when more or all of them are open for business, this should help the bulk of the crowds get absorbed by other places. Lounges are also a whole lot quieter if you can visit them on a port of call day when everyone's out exploring. That way you can stay inside the ship and sip away on a cocktail and ring a bell with Madame Leota. When I reached out to our DFB cruise reporters and I asked them, "Hey, what problems have you guys recently run into during these last few Disney cruises you've been on?" Almost all of them responded with what first came to my mind, too. Mustard drill crowds. And I absolutely am right there with them. But let me back up. For those of you new to the cruising scene, a mustard drill is a mandatory safety spiel that you must attend on embarcation day before the ship sets sail. And that's fine. I have no problem having to attend a mustard drill. That's not what I have the beef about. Though, I do have beef with the passengers who don't make it to the mustard drill on time, who we have to wait on. Don't be that person. It's after the mustard drill lets out when the sheer chaos starts to happen. Passengers pile out of the rooms in droves and immediately start crowding around the elevator banks to get to their rooms or to another floor. And that means long elevator waits, cutting in line, screaming kids, or a long ascent up the stairs to reach the top deck. My advice for this, plan ahead. There'll be multiple mustard drills happening across multiple sections of the ship to help space things out as much as possible. And you'll be able to find out where your assembly station is located by checking the back of your stateroom door or by looking at the back of your Key to the World card or by specifically searching for your station in the Disney Cruise Line Navigator app. Once you find it, look and see what activities might be near your assembly station because those might be your best case scenario for helping pass the time and waiting for that initial mustard drill elevator crowd craziness to die down. A private cabana is one of the most useful investments for your day on Disney's private island destination, Castaway Key or Lookout Key at Lighthouse Point, but it can also be very stressful. There are a few different private cabana categories you can choose between on each of the island destinations, but the truth about them all is that they'll hook you up with shaded air conditioned space, stocked refrigerators, dedicated cabana host, plush furniture, and included rental services for things like bikes and snorkel gear and inner tubes, etc. Unfortunately, cabanas are really limited in quantity, and they're super pricey, too. So, you'll not only need to save for one, but you'll also want to make sure you know exactly when you can start booking extras for your cruise because the earlier you're able to try for those reservations, the better your chances of getting one will be. These will be the absolute hardest reservations to lock in. Usually, only people in concierge rooms get these because they book them up immediately. So, you might have to keep checking back on the Navigator app or the DCL website or even over at guest services when you get on the ship to put your name in a cabana weight list just in case a cabin freeze up at the last minute. But now, Lookout Key has a new cabin problem that we've run into. Those family cabanas are real far away from all the main amenities. Take a look at the map on the east side of things. You'll see a lot of happening stuff like the Goomba Cultural Center, the kids water play areas, the various merch shops, and then you'll see Mabria Cove to the west side of the island destination, which is away from all that, and that's where the family cabanas are. Fortunately, because Mabria Cove is not too far away from the bridge leading to the ship port, there are dedicated tram services you can rely on to get you over to those main amenities, but it is a 15-minute ride each time you want to go back and forth from the main area to your cabana and back again. Good news, you don't necessarily have to make that trek if you're looking for lunch since Mabria Cove has its own dedicated quick service window with a lot of the same stuff that you'll find at True True Barbecue and True True 2 Barbecue. And if you're looking to hang out at the beach, again, you don't have to make the trekk over to the family beach since there's plenty of private beach for you to explore right outside your cabana. But anything else that's happening over there during your private island day, it's going to be a track. Rain isn't a new problem that the Disney Cruise Line is just now experiencing, but it sure can mess up your cruise in different ways, like cancelling new excursions over on Lookout Key or shutting down the Iron Cycle test run coaster on the Adventure. First of all, if you're keeping an eye on the weather and you're afraid that your port adventure is going to be majorly impacted, like mine was over at Atlantis, which ended up just being an absolute disaster, cancellations can be made up to 3 days prior to your departure date. But after that time, all sales are final and nonrefundable. That said, on the day that my Atlantis port adventure was an absolute disaster, before we left the ship, crew members actually gave us the opportunity to cancel that day. So, if it looks like it's going to be a wash out and an absolute disaster, find a crew member and see if there is any way that there's a potential to cancel without penalty. Who knows? Never hurts to ask. Now, if that's not an option and you go on the port adventure, try your best to get the most out of those port days. Visit the gift shops, hunker down and go eat somewhere, maybe even enjoy some extra time on the ship back at one of the lounges or something. And third, if it's a pool or a ride you're looking forward to experiencing on board the ship, but it's temporarily closed due to the weather, the good news is that you'll have more chances of the skies clearing up for you later on versus only one day at port. And in the meantime, again, you can just do the indoor activities. And fourth, set expectations accordingly, especially if you plan on cruising during hurricane season. The Disney Adventure is the first ship without an adults dedicated area. Now, there are still select adults only experiences on board like the 18 and over Palo Tritaria Premium Dining or the Infinite Bliss Spa, but as far as having an 18 and over pool or coffee bar or lounge deck is concerned, the Disney Adventure is lacking in that department. That being said, there are still areas around this ship that feel adults only, like the infinity pool area. However, kids are still allowed to hang out here if they want to, which can be great for parents whose littles don't exactly want to hang out in the kids clubs all day, but maybe not so great for other folks who are hoping for just a little sliver of adults only pool and relaxation time. The Broadway style stage shows on board the ships have always been super impressive. But as new ships enter the fleet and technology advances, some of these performances are absolutely jaw-dropping. Disney shows each performance twice on the nights they're being shown to work around everyone's rotational dining schedule. That said, if you wait until the very last second to get to the theater, your group might not be able to sit together, and you'll all have to scatter to find whatever seats are left over. These places get packed. It's a good idea to arrive at the theater 15 to 20 minutes before your performance begins for the best seat selections. Plus, getting here early means you'll have a little time to purchase some popcorn if you want to munch on it during the show. However, if you're running behind or your kid is just pitching an absolute fit and you know they're going to continue to get worked up during the performance, your stateateroom TV will play the show on one of the DCL channels so you don't have to feel like you completely missed out. On past Disney cruise ships, I've been able to eat at every restaurant on board that I wanted to eat at during my time at sea. Sometimes I've eaten at a restaurant multiple times, but with the Disney Adventure, there are like a jillion restaurants and only 3 to 4 days that you'll be out at sea. So, you'll definitely have to wave the white flag and miss out on some. We talk about all the different restaurants during our Disney Adventure video if you want to check that out next. But there are two morals to this story and those are A decide where you want to dine before you get on board this ship so you don't accidentally miss out on something you would have loved and b eat at Mike and Sy's flavors of Asia because it's themed like Harry Housins from the movie and I've always dreamed of eating at Harry Housen. So if you do too, you'll have to tag me in your social pics so that we can share that experience together. If you're wanting to meet Mickey, Minnie, or other members of the Fab Five crew, you can usually just line up for him pretty easily without a whole lot of fuss. You'll most likely be able to do the same with other Disney characters on board the ship, too, like the ones you'll meet during Pixar Day at Sea and Marvel Day at Sea. But this is where it gets annoying. When it comes to more popular characters, like for instance, the royal gathering of Disney princesses that happens at select times in the atrium, you will need a reservation in order to get in line for that type of meet and greet. Thankfully, these reservations are still included with your stateateroom price. You can start booking them 30 days before embarcation. So, be sure to mark that on your calendar because reservations can and will book up. Reservations might also pop up for singular popular meet and greet spots, which we encountered with Shelley May and Baymax on board the Disney Adventure. So, if you see those pop up as reservations on the DCL app, grab them while you can. Now that our new Disney Cruise Line problems have received a one-way ticket to Walk the Plank, let's keep on planning that upcoming cruise vacation of yours. Check out some of our other Disney Cruise Line videos next, like maybe Disney Cruise Line tricks that work every time. We had a whole lot of fun coming up with all the tips and tricks that filled that video. And don't forget to download our free Disney Cruise Ultimate Guide if you didn't already get the chance to before over at disneyfoodblog.com/cruiseplanning. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Foodblog and we'll see you real soon.
