---
video_id: ngOn6gxQbdY
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Annoying New Problems in Disney World"
published: 2026-02-17
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngOn6gxQbdY
---
problems in the most magical place on earth? Surely not. And yet, it seems Disney World has been plagued with all sorts of new, and to be frank, annoying problems for guests lately. Will these rising problems impact your future vacation? We're getting to the bottom of this and coming up with solutions for you, too, here on DFB Guide. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. We got lots of exciting stuff getting ready to show up on the Disney World scene. But along with the newness and excitement, we're also getting our fair share of new problems, which is annoying when you're trying to plan a Disney trip, minus any major upsets. So today, our goal is to warn you about these potential challenges that you might face during your upcoming trip, and show you how to roll with the punches. Recently, Frozen Ever After in Epcot reopened with brand new animatronics, and they're looking really nice. Makes me feel like we're back in Hong Kong Disneyland again. And coming soon, Big Thunder Mountain Railroad, as well as Buzz Light Your Space Ranger Spin, will be reopening in Magic Kingdom with new vehicles, new scenes, new stories, and just a whole lot of newness to update these classic, well-loved Disney World rides. Expect those to be back online again by this spring. Plus, Rock and Roller Coaster in Hollywood Studios will also reopen later this summer with a brand new Muppets overlay. 2026 is the year of the Muppets, I am telling you. But you know what else comes along with new long lines that eat up your park day. Are these rides going to be priority experiences for you during your next visit? Yeah, they're going to be for a lot of people. So, let's make a game plan. As in, you've got to make a beline to these newish rides first thing in the morning. If you're staying at a Disney owned hotel, you can use your early theme park entry perk to get a 30inute head start in any park on any day, which is going to help you get in line for Frozen Ever After, Space Ranger Spin, and Rock and Roller Coaster ASAP. But when it comes to Big Thunder Mountain Railroad, early theme park entry for Magic Kingdom will only grant you a halfhour head start for most rides throughout Tomorrowland and Fantasy Land. Frontier Land likes to sleep in. That being said, you can still use your early theme park entry to at least get as close as possible to Big Thunder Mountain. That way, when it does open right at rope drop, you can still be one of the first people in line for it. Might also be a good idea to prioritize multiass lightning lanes for these new experiences, too, if you want to buy them. Lightning lanes are part of Disney's premium skip the ride line service. And if you're staying at a Disney owned resort, you'll be able to pre-seelelect up to three Lightning Lanes for each park day 7 days before your hotel check-in. All other non-D Disney hotel guests will be able to pre-select their top three Lightning lanes 3 days before their park visits. So, these reopened rides would be good multipasses to pre-select since they're liable to all book up on the day of your visit pretty quickly. At least they're at the beginning when they just opened. But let's say things go horribly wrong, right? The Lightning Lanes book up, you oversleep, or the ride goes down for maintenance, which can be a common occurrence for brand new and newly updated attractions. Well, what do you do then? Well, you don't let these new rides throw off the momentum of your day. Of course, you can overcome this. You can always check the wait times and ride statuses on your My Disney Experience app to keep an eye on things, but I'd recommend getting your other priority experiences done first. Ride all those other rides and then come back to these later on. Yeah, it's a bummer if the new stuff doesn't work out, but what would be even more of a bummer is wasting your whole park day waiting for them to come back online again. or to wait in a two to three hour line when you only have a short amount of time to be in these parks in the first place. If you think you can hold out until the end of the day, you might just want to wait and get in these ride lines right before the park closes. Just keep in mind that you do run the risk of something happening to these attractions and them having to shut down for the rest of the night before you get to ride them. Huge bummer, but might be worth the gamble. Or, I know we got lots of ideas, another premium alternative for you. You can check and see when these parks are doing an after hours event. After hours is a separately ticketed option for select parks on certain nights, granting you three extra hours of park ride time after the parks close for everybody else, which means shorter ride lines, way fewer crowds, and complimentary snacks throughout the evening, too. If we're going to be standing in a room full of elephants today, I guess it's best we address the biggest one first. We have now officially entered into Walt Disney World, the one we've been warning you about for a while now. There will be construction walls around the backside of Magic Kingdom where Tom Sawyer Island and the riverboat used to be. There are walls around the former home of Dino Land USA in Animal Kingdom since the final phase of closures just happened on February 2nd. So long, Dr. Seeker, you are a heck of a paleontologist, if I do say so myself. You know, because of that guy, I found an iguanadon. Pretty cool stuff. And there are two sets of major construction walls interrupting the Hollywood Studios flow right now. The first fortunately should be down later this year since the animation courtyard is busy being transformed into the magic of Disney animation slated to open in 2026. But the ones around the former Muppets courtyard will probably be up for a while since that whole area is currently being transformed into Monstropolis. And those are just the major construction walls erected around the parks right now. I haven't even scratched the surface regarding all the other construction projects popping up around Disney's hotels and attractions, restaurants, even Cinderella Castle. Here's the thing, though. All in all, construction and revamps and what have you are a good sign for the Disney parks because construction means Disney's doing what Walt Disney himself hoped that the parks would continue to do long after he was gone. And that's dare to change, adapt, and explore instead of sit around like museums. But with change comes growing pains. And Disney World is definitely in a growing pain season right now. Not like Maggie Siver growing pain. You get you know what I mean. Okay. It's easy to sit back and be patient during this season if you're not currently planning on going to the parks, but it's a whole lot harder to be understanding when all this construction is about to impact your Disney World plans right now. Like the ones that you just spent, I don't know, tens of thousands of dollars on potentially. the ones that mean this is your one and only trip to Disney World. So, here are a few important things to keep in mind if you're still going to be traveling to Disney World during this Walt Disney World season. Number one, despite construction running rampant, the bulk of Disney's big attractions are still going strong. So, as long as no technical difficulties attempt to work against your group, you should still be able to hit each park's biggest highlights from the A tier rides to the end of the night fireworks spectaculars. thing, too. Aside from some tinkering here and there, Epcot is pretty wall-free at the moment. So, if you're getting kind of burnt out from all the construction, Epcot might become a priority park for you, especially in 2026. And thing number three to remember, as changes and revamps continue to hit the Disney World scene, we're going to continue to update you on the status of all the things through our DFB newsletter, as well as our free DFB 12-month calendar, which you can download the link for right now by scanning the QR code you see on the screen or by clicking the for Disneyfoodblog.com/wdwcal after this. So, join our newsletter. That's free. Download the calendar, that's free, too. But actually, can we talk a little bit about the Cinderella Castle makeover more real fast? Because it's kind of a big deal in my life. Currently, Cinderella Castle in Magic Kingdom is undergoing a huge paint job. Originally, she was a white and blue beauty. In honor of Disney World's 50th anniversary, though, back in 2021, remember Cindy's Castle received a paint job there while the whole park was closed for CO that turned her pink and blue. And this was real cute, but lots of folks didn't feel like it was truly Cinderella's colors. These colors feel a lot more Sleeping Beauty instead. But now, Cinderella is returning to her roots and going back to her white and blue days. The whole painting procedure is really fascinating to me because Disney uses a paint by number technique to make sure they're using the right shades of color in the right places. I'll never forget when I realized this. It was literally on the first day that Disney World opened after the co closures and they were still kind of working on painting the gray part of the castle and I saw that they literally had this like paint by number drawn on the castle and I thought that was the coolest thing ever. Anyway, this technique apparently takes some time which means this paint job still has a ways to go. Also, from what we understand, the motor around Cindy's place will eventually be drained so Disney can get the equipment it needs close to the castle. Thankfully, all the cranes and construction will be lowered and out of sight by noon each day, according to Disney. So, you can still get some clear castle photos if you're visiting Magic Kingdom while this makeover is taking place. You just might have an interesting sort of patchy colored Cinderella castle in the background of your pictures for the time being. Regardless, I'm glad Disney's making it to where we don't have to go into Photoshop and remove a crane or have those big scrims and walls up around the castle like they did before. That's great. But because of the paint procedures, the morning Let the Magic Begin castle show will be postponed until further notice. Mickey's Magical Friendship Fair will reduce their daily showings, and Happily Ever After, the fireworks at night, might have to make minor adjustments to accommodate that transformation process. So, I brought this question up to our DFB reporters, the folks who go into the parks every single day to make sure you are up to date on everything that's going on. I asked them, "What's really annoying you in Disney World lately?" And I'd say 90% of their answers had to do with Animal Kingdom, which is super sad because we love Animal Kingdom. But this park feels sparse and slightly confusing right now. Of course, a big part of our heavy hearts still have to do with the whole Walt Disney World mumbo jumbo since all of Dino Land USA is now MIA. But along with that, Animal Kingdom just closed more stuff recently. So much emotional damage. Starting February 23rd, the affection section at Rafiki's Planet Watch went into temporary closure to make way for the new Bluey Experience coming to the park for Cool Kids Summer. And with that closure, the Wildlife Express train is also closed. So, you're not going to be able to access this entire other area until Cool Kids Summer starts on May 26th. And don't even get me started on snack changes, right? Our seasonal ice cream cookie sandwiches from Dino Bites Snacks are gone. The Buffalo chicken chips from Trilobites. Well, they're sort of at 8 Spoon Cafe in Discovery Island, but they're different from what they were like before. Restaurantosaurus entre. Some of them are now at Harambe Market in Africa. Thank goodness my chicken tenders still exist, which means that several of the rice bowls from Harambe ended up at Kusafiri Coffee Shop and Bakery. It's like a big old jigsaw puzzle. And then that new Pog limeade with the chili lime seasonings and moved from Terara Treats to Smiling Crocodile, which is just as well because Terara Treats has been changing their menu from pizza slices to Columbia style hot dogs to now ice cream, including a new cookie dough brownie ice cream sandwich we're kind of obsessed with that helps heal the hurt of the missing dino bite ones. Not completely, mind you, but a little bit. And the Smiling Crocodile has been changing their menu from tacos to cheesy arapeas. Now, I'm going to stop right there because the whole game of Animal Kingdom snack musical chairs gets to be as frustrating as the actual game, especially when it means you might lose track of where your mustry snacks have ventured off to this time. And the moment I tell you about all these snack changes anyway, they're all going to change again. So, Animal Kingdom is a hot mess right now. Truly. But like, we still love this place. And if you're planning on going soon, don't let these closures and changes scare you or stress you out. Everything's fine. You should still have a really fun day exploring Animal Kingdom's highlights like Flight of Passage, Nomad Lounge, the live stage shows, all the fun animal walking trails, Baxo. We love that little tiger dude. And the brand new Zootopia better attraction inside the tree of life. All good stuff. This is a very fun park. It's just less of a park to date. So, you'll probably want to make plans for what you do after you finish up here, like go to Disney Springs for a little shopping night, or hit up a nearby hotel for a nice dinner, hop to another Disney World park that stays open later and has maybe more to offer, including fireworks. And as far as snack changes are concerned, that's probably going to be the norm for a little while, especially when it comes to limited time seasonal stuff, since Disney will want to use whatever they can to pull people back into Animal Kingdom while they're in their hot mess mode. And sometimes the quickest and easiest solution to bring numbers in is to offer snacks that'll only be available for a short period of time and that instill that sense of FOMO. The good news, we're not going to let any new Animal Kingdom food and drink changes slip through the cracks, y'all. We're going to be covering it every single day. So, if you're signed up for that free DFB newsletter, you'll get those Animal Kingdom snack changes and switcheroos sent straight to your email instead of you having to go on that scavenger hunt when you're in the park to track them down yourself. Oh yes, this is fun. Our least favorite words, price hikes. Disney's become pretty predictable when it comes to their massive wave of price hikes that hit us each year. But that doesn't mean the wave becomes any less impactful. True to tradition, Disney tends to hit us with a lot of price increases at the start of the year and around October. And whenever we see hundreds of items suddenly bump up by an extra buck or two or more, not going to lie, it really starts to give us price hike fatigue. And I know we're not the only ones who feel this way. In January, we saw a lot of price hikes swarm the Disney Springs restaurant scene. But back in October 2025, thousands of price hikes hit the parks and resorts big time. This impacted not just items at restaurants and snack stands, but also parking fees for the theme parks and annual passholder tickets and theme park tickets in general. In a day and age when we're all already on the fence about whether we want to go to the Disney World parks or not, especially with all that construction going on, it's super easy to say, "Forget it." it when more price hikes come on the scene. But then again, is it really going to get any cheaper for us to visit the parks later? I mean, think about it. Even with price hikes, Disney is still trying to coers us back to their parks any way they can. And that means offering more deals on their special offers page, like kids eat free dining plans and free water park tickets on your hotel check-in day that we might not get when all the shiny new stuff is open and everybody wants to go and Disney doesn't have to convince us to spend money anymore. It's a double-edged sword. But if you're looking for the best ways to combat those price increases because you'd still love to take the kids to Disney World, whether it be this year or next, there are strategies you can use beyond Disney World's special promotions that tend to help save on your trip, no matter what year you decide to go. Yes, this is why you follow us here at DFB. Consider staying at a good neighbor hotel or a partner hotel. Though all hotels, Disney owned or not, are affected by seasonal surge prices. Several of Disney's Good Neighbor hotels, which are owned by Disney, but partner with them to give perks and transportation, will give you price ranges that'll be lower than the prices you'll see for Disney's value resorts. Many will also offer you similar hotel perks that you'll receive while staying at a Disney owned resort, like that early theme park entry benefit. You can browse through 40 plus good neighbor hotel options on the Disney World website to shop through all the different offerings that might suit what you're looking for. You can also make late morning dining reservations. If you want to feed two birds with one scone, which is a classic Bria quote, and I love it, or feed your family with one meal, scheduling a dining reservation around brunch can help satisfy both breakfast and lunch, keeping you happy and full until dinnertime, meaning you only have to pay for one meal instead of two. Just pack some snacks in your park bag, so if you get the munchies by midafternoon, you're covered. Trail Mix is perfect. And don't forget about the free stuff, y'all. There are still quite a few experiences you can do around Disney that don't involve spending more money on top of what you're already paying. So, you can do things like resort hop to all the different hotels, maybe take part in an extracurricular activity or two, or you can catch an outdoor concert over at Disney Springs. We got a video that lists 50 different things that are shockingly still free in Disney World, so be sure to check that out when you get the chance. Okay, the good news. We got a handful of fun new restaurants, bars, and dining experiences to try. GO82 opened in Epcot this past summer. Beacon Barrels opened in Magic Kingdom. While Lulu Bar and Grill is at Polynesian Village DVC Island Tower that opened at the end of 2024, but started offering advanced dining reservations at the end of 2025 cuz it's uber popular. And Grand Fian's Garden View Lounge is reopening its tea room with some major refreshes and rethemes after six long years of closures. Now, this tea room will officially reopen on March 19th, but advanced dining reservations are open now. The bad news, with new reservations comes new reservation concerns, as in these bad boys book up quick, shortly after they go live. So, what's the best way to grab reservations for these new locations when the odds feel stacked against you? First up, know when your reservation window is actually going to be open for your trip. You can start booking advanced dining reservations on the Disney World website or on your My Disney Experience app exactly 60 days before your visit. However, if you are staying at a Disneyowned hotel, you'll have a 60-day advanced dining reservation booking window, plus the entire length of your stay up to 10 days. Advanced dining reservation windows open up online at 6:00 a.m. Eastern, if not a little bit before that. You can also call to make reservations at 4:07 WDW dine, but the reservation phone line doesn't open till 7 a.m. And that hour difference could be the difference between getting a reservation for Beacon Barrel and not. Secondly, and maybe most importantly, don't give up. Keep checking back on the Disney website or My Disney Experience app leading up to your trip and even on the day of to see if any last minute availability pops up. I can almost guarantee you that it will. Folks are allowed to cancel their reservations for free at least 2 hours in advance of their dining time. So, there's always the chance you can swoop in and grab someone's cancellation on the spot. It's also not a bad idea to check the My Disney Experience app for potential walk up weight lists as early as you can on the day of your visit. We've got a lot more advanced dining reservation tips and tricks there where that came from. So, if you're interested, be sure to grab our DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining when you get the chance and apply code YouTube for an extra discount on your total purchase cuz that code is just for you guys. Taking a 180 here, but this is an emergency. A cheese emergency. Cheese cheese emergency. Backlot Express over in Hollywood Studios has been one of my favorite places to grab chicken tenders and a big old cup of my wonderful golden hot lava plastic cheese sauce for an extra dollar. But we swung by backlog recently and realized that my plastic cheese is gone. Not on the menu. No more cheese. No more happiness. Don't spiral. Don't spiral. Don't spiral. Now, thankfully, this seems to be an isolated instance. There still seems to be plastic cheese on the menus at Docside Diner in Woody's Lunchbox in Hollywood Studios and Casey's Corner in Magic Kingdom. But if this is a permanent change for Backlot Express, then I am going to miss those oversized cheese cups they used to hand out. Just giving myself a moment to compose myself and wanted to commiserate with y'all. All right. So, this is why we can't have nice things, right? This is why we're limited to having certain nice things. Let's be clear. Unfortunately, resellers have become somewhat of a big issue around the Disney parks, right? And boy, do they give us Disney adults a bad name. So much so that when I conducted a poll alongside journalist Amelia Tate for my Disney adults book, we surveyed over a thousand self-proclaimed Disney adults. And in that survey, the biggest reason, like by 67% that Disney adults said they hated other Disney adults is because they're most apt to scalp merchandise. Whenever a new collection drops or a limited time item is released or something's about to be retired from the store shelves, resellers swoop in like vultures and attempt to purchase these items in bulk for the sole purpose of reselling them online at a way higher price point. This is not cool. Not only does it take away from other guests who want to purchase items for themselves for more genuine reasons, but it also forces Disney to put a purchase limit on certain popular items. If you worry that you'll have a hard time tracking down certain Disney merch that you had your heart set on without paying a stupid expensive amount for it on eBay, here are some extra tips that might help steer you to success. First things first, check online. Not eBay online, but the authentic Disney Store website where this item you're searching for might also be released. Because if you can secure that item before your trip, then you don't have to worry about battling against the resellers during your trip. Now, when you're on the Disney scene, Magic Kingdom is probably where these limited time merch items will sell out the fastest, especially if you're searching for it over at the Emporium on Main Street, USA. You'll probably be better off checking your Disney hotel gift shop first thing in the morning or rope dropping the World of Disney mega store at Disney Springs, which has been known to get new collections before other places around the Disney bubble. And if you're on the hunt for maybe a limited time popcorn bucket that you know is going to sell at Disney like hotcakes, never forget the Figment popcorn bucket incident of 2022, always double check to see if said bucket can be purchased through the My Disney Experience app with mobile order. Still not finding what you're looking for? Don't lose hope just yet. Disney restocks their merchandise pretty frequently. So, even if you're not seeing a certain item pop up at your hotel gift shop, that doesn't mean it's not worth revisiting later on to see if it's returned to the store shelves. So much Imagineering goes into the parks, and yet so much of your time can be taken up by your phone screen that you might just wind up missing some of the coolest parts about that Imagineering. The complaint of how much technology dictates our daily theme park visits has gotten to be more and more of an issue in recent years as guests really start to feel like they're being forced to rely completely on their phone screen to get through their park days. And this especially goes for the free My Disney Experience app. This app is a lifesaver because it's basically going to serve as a Swiss Army knife of your trip. It's got so many functions, but all of those functions are kept securely in one place. But that's also why people feel so burnt out on it. Because the MDE app is so great, the majority of your day can start feeling like it consists of checking on your phone for ride updates and figuring out which lightning lane to grab next and mobile ordering food and just staring at your screen instead of living in the moment of your Disney vacation. And that means you're going to need some major phone relief throughout the day. So, here's an AJ Wolf guide to phone detoxing in Disney 101. And hopefully I can take a few of these to heart myself. One, decide which days you actually need lightning lanes. One of the main reasons you'll find yourself eyeballing your phone more often than not is to keep track of those lightning lanes to skip the line service. But you're not always going to need lightning lanes every day of your trip. So find out which parks and which days you're actually going to want them for. Here's a hint. If you're going to be spending more than one day at a certain park, then you're probably safe to ditch the Lightning Lanes and just stick with other line cut down strategies like getting to the parks early, staying late, using single rider options, or booking an after hours event. And we usually will recommend Lightning Lanes for Magic Kingdom and Hollywood Studios, but you can mostly go without them at Epcot and Animal Kingdom if you're there during a regular crowd time. Two, do a lot of your My Disney Experience research beforehand. Another reason why you might be staring at your screen more than you want to is if you're unfamiliar with how to navigate the My Disney Experience app. So, download the app ahead of time and play around with it before your trip. That way, you can spend less time in the parks trying to figure it out and more time appreciating all the little hidden Mickeys. It's also a good idea to plan ahead and figure out what rides you want to secure Lightning Lanes for and what mobile orders you want to lock in before your visit so you can spend less time scrolling through the app trying to figure out what you want to do next while you're in the middle of your park day. Third tip, recruit another responsible adult. If possible, have another adult or two in your group download the app to their phones, too. That way, y'all can take turns on the app making plans and selecting reservations. And four, recognize that you can do things without the app if you really want to, right? Lightning lanes help you bypass the thick of the ride lines, but you're still more than welcome to stand in those regular cues. Mobile ordering can help you skip the physical queue at quick service restaurants, but you can also stand in the line and order anyways. And if you want to look at a park map, Disney's got physical maps, too. Basically, lots of things on the My Disney Experience app can also be accomplished without you having to drain your battery. So, pick and choose the features that you think will be the most handy for you to use during your park day and then maybe leave the other stuff alone or to keep from getting screen time fatigue on vacation. Problems come and go in Disney World, but you know what always stays the same? We do. We want to help you plan your Disney World vacation, no matter what might be going on that could threaten to derail all of those big vacation goals. So, be sure to stay tuned for more DFB videos to come. Check out one of our other recent planning videos in the meantime, like 50 tips Disney World employees wish you knew. And don't forget to download our free Disney World 12-month calendar if you haven't already over at disneyfoodblog.com/wdwc calendar. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Foodblog and we'll see you real soon.
