---
video_id: _R4BaIW20Rc
channel: DFBGuide
title: "STOP Wasting Money at Disney World Restaurants"
published: 2026-02-19
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_R4BaIW20Rc
---
That's it. You have worked too hard to waste your money on bad Disney restaurants. So, that's why today's video is going to save your wallet and save your peace of mind and save your Disney World experience before it's too late. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. Saving money across Disney World restaurants is a topic I am pretty passionate about because I can't tell you how many times in my early years of taking my family to the parks and going all by myself, I was kicking myself over the meals I shouldn't have been spending money on. But back then, there wasn't as much extensive research on the whole dining and saving topic as we have done now. But fast forward to 2026 with years of experience shared between the whole DFB team and me, and we're ready to tell you all the best ways that we've learned to stop draining our budgets and the wrong Disney dining choices. I wish I could tell you I'm completely cured of my Disney dining tardiness. But alas, to this day, there are still times when I'm caught up looking at all the little trinkets lining the shelves of the Mitsukoshi department store in Epcot, only to suddenly realize that I've got a dining reservation for Liberty Tree Tavern in Magic Kingdom in less than an hour. For those of you who are new to the Disney World scene, those two locations are definitely more than an hour away from each other after all the walking and Montreal riding and scanning into the second park and then walking a lot again. So Disney's cancellation policy for the majority of their restaurants makes it really easy for people to make cancellations as needed, just as long as they cancel those reservations up to 2 hours before it's supposed to take place. But if you don't cancel that and you don't show up for your reservation or you're running really, really late for it, then you will be charged at the very least a $10 per person no show fee. Granted, Disney's restaurants do try to give you a little 15-minute safety net just in case you're running behind, but I definitely wouldn't push that, and I definitely show up to your reservation earlier if you can, just so that the restaurant knows you're accounted for and can prepare for your arrival accordingly. Learn from my mistakes. If you know you've got a dining reservation coming up, but you're currently in another park or hotel from where that reservation is going to take place, you need to at least start traveling in that direction 1 to two hours before the meal, just so you're at least in the area of your restaurant when that return window starts. And if it's a Disney Springs restaurant you've booked, but you're running late because of traffic jams and circling the parking garages, I feel this. Call up the restaurant directly and let them know what's going on. They might not have a whole lot of wiggle room to help you out, especially if they're booked up solid for the evening. But then again, they may also be able to work with you to help adjust your reservation at the last second so you can avoid missing out on your reservation completely. So, let's say you're visiting your parents and they decide to take you to Cracker Barrel for lunch, right? Stick with me here. So, you get the whole nine yards. You get the entree, the sides, the bread, and what the heck, you also throw in a dessert for good measure. But then you go home, you sit around and play Scrabble for a few hours, and suddenly your mom's all, "Okay, I'm going to go pick up some Chipotle for dinner." No, burritos, but you haven't even digested your Cracker Barrel yet. Same thing can go for Disney's quick services. You could eat a full meal at say a Tusker House character dining buffet in Animal Kingdom for lunch, wait a few hours, decide you should probably eat something just to tide you over till dinner, only to learn that so many of those quick service entre at Animal Kingdom are huge. Remember, a quick service doesn't automatically mean a light service at Disney. Those fast food style entre on property can be just as filling as the table service stuff. And because they're just as filling, they can also add up on the cost. Especially when your whole group is ordering full entre and drinks to go along with them. If you're looking for a quick service meal that's not going to waste money or food, consider sharing those bigger entre. You can always eyeball quick service items based on their pictures shown in the mobile order section of the My Disney Experience app. This is going to help you get an idea of whether or not it's going to be a sharable portion. But the description of those items will also help you make that decision too, especially when you see a platter option and the multiple items that come along with it. Second option, order kids meals. Kids meals at quick services tend to be half the price and half the size of a full adult entree. Plus, they often still come with sides and a drink. And yet, adults are able to order them completely okay. Next choice, order the free water cups. Sodas aren't just expensive. The carbonation can also fill you up before you finish a meal. And as a true soda goblin, I speak from personal experience on that front. So consider ordering the waters now and then maybe enjoying a soda pop later that you purchased in bulk from a nearby big box store to help you cut down on those fountain drink costs. And finally, if you're able to remove the side options from the entree at the quick service, it'll allow you to pay less, eat less, and have less waste. This is not a consistent solution to saving money, and you will have to wait in line instead of paying on the mobile app to test it out, but your efforts might reward you in the end. Our DFB reporters went and tried out this money-saving solution around Magic Kingdom's quick services just the other day, and what they found out was that at Cosmic Ray Starlight Cafe, you can't really remove a side from an order at their register, but POS Bill Inn and Cafe can, but you're still going to have to pay the same price for your entree in the end. However, Pinocchio Village House and select Columbia Harbor House items do let you order without a side and your entree will be about $2 less because of it. Now, savings is savings. We'll take what we can get. Speaking of savings, if you scan the QR code you see on the screen right now, you can pick up our free Disney World snack maps. Each map highlights our 10 favorite snack items across each park, as well as where you can find them once you're there. So, go ahead, pick up your maps today or pick them up after this video by clicking on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/bestnacks. They're so pretty. You can also frame them and put them on your wall. Okay, been there, done that. Completely wasted my opportunity for savings on this one. If you're an annual passholder or a Disney Visa card holder, a Disney Vacation Club member, or part of another membership or affinity group that's eligible for Disney savings, don't forget to ask about discounts literally everywhere you go. No, I'm not saying every single Disney restaurant will be one you can receive a discount at. And you can double check on the status of those savings online if you want a better idea of what specific places you can get discounts. But even if you're on the fence, it never hurts to ask because the worst a cast member can say is, "Nope, sorry, not at this spot." And then at least you know. Many times cast members will ask you about these discounts before you check out. But not all the time. They do this a lot more at Disneyland than they do in Disney World. And I can tell you how many times I've been at a Joffrey's kiosk just to quickly purchase a peach iced tea and completely forgot to bring up my annual pass discount because they're trying to quickly take my order and keep the line moving. And I'm trying to quickly give my order so I can keep moving. It happens. Discounts slip through the cracks. But the more you can remember you have them, the more you can save all vacation long. And don't forget, discounts are also available at merchandise locations. And confectionaries are indeed categorized as merchandise. So, you can order a fresh caramel delicacy from Caramel Cusha in Epcot and get it for less than you'd normally have to pay with your discount. It's amazing. Since we're on the merchandise subject, if you forget or didn't have time to purchase a package of bottled sodas from a nearby big box store before your park visit, so you're planning on splurging on some bottles in the parks, cuz you know, we're weak, you know, I get it. Soda goblins have a soft side, then make sure you purchase your bottled sodas at merchandise shops versus snack kiosks. Merch shops that sell bottled sodas will give you a discount, but many of those snack kiosks typically don't have the same type of membership savings. But again, never hurts to ask. Always ask. Sometimes a character dining experience will happen without a hitch. And other times your kids will scream in terror when Winnie the Pooh tries to shake their hand or a character misses your table because you're still all over at the buffet. Or you're single parenting and you can't get up from your table to go back to the buffet because someone needs to stay with the other kids. and yet the other kid is throwing a tantrum as well as their chicken nuggets everywhere and you've just hit your over stimulation limit. It's a lot and the last thing you want to do is pay hundreds of dollars for a meal that just ends up being like a trauma fest for everybody. Before you book a character meal, first test the meet and greet waters back home first just to see how your kid might react to meeting their heroes when you get there. Show your kids YouTube vlogs and Disney promotional videos featuring in-person meet and greets so they can see what these characters look like and how much bigger they are than other kids and kind of what that might feel like. Also, try to track down meet and greets back home like Santa Claus maybe at the mall. Is there a local downtown parade? All those random assortments of characters walking behind the floats. Is there an amusement park or a theme park within an hour or so that has its own meet and greet mascots? Maybe there's one at the local ballpark. maybe the Easter Bunny. See how your kids react to these characters first before investing a lot of time and money into the characters you'll meet at Disney. Now, second, if you don't have another adult with you to help watch the kids, consider booking a family style restaurant instead of a buffet. I've traveled when it's just been me and my kiddo alone. So, believe me when I say having the all you care to enjoy eats brought to your table versus having to go up to the buffet and pile it on yourself is way more convenient when your hands are already full. And three, if a character accidentally skips your table, don't just count it as a loss and go about your business if you want to meet them. That is, reach out to a nearby cast member and explain the situation so that a character attendant can be informed about which characters need to come back around to which tables. Some attendants can pull a character out of rotation real quick if your table misses someone, but during peak dining times of the day, you may have to wait until the characters make their full rotation around the dining room first before they come back around to see you. At either rate, if you're eating at a character restaurant that serves a buffet style meal, keep an eye on where all the characters are currently wandering inside the dining room. Because if you see them nearing your table, just hold off on your next buffet trip so that you don't miss out on a character interaction. Okay, one more quick note about character dining and saving money before we move on. If you want to book a character dining experience strictly for the character meet and greets, and the food is just a happy bonus on top of a one-on-one interaction time, then plan to book your reservations earlier in the morning for breakfast instead of after 11:00 a.m. Breakfast is typically the cheapest dining option for these character experiences, considering they tend to offer up more typical breakfast spreads instead of something a little more unique. But breakfast will still get you filled up and fueled for the park day and provide you with lots of hugs and pictures from some of your favorites. Picture this nightmare scenario, if you will. Let's say you book a meal at the very, very, very, very, very expensive Cinderella's royal table in Magic Kingdom to surprise your family. And they are surprised. I mean, you are eating inside the Cinderella Castle in Magic Kingdom, and that is very cool stuff. But when everyone takes a look at the food, you begin to realize that the entree options on both the adults and kids menus are pretty limited. The plant-based eater of your group suddenly realizes all they have to choose from is a pan roasted cauliflower, and your picky eater kiddo is asking why there's no pizza or cheeseburgers for them to order. Suddenly, a dining experience that was supposed to be the best memory of the trip has been completely destroyed with subpar food options for your family that are still going to cost you $89 per adult and $54 per kid. Now, sure, it's a hypothetical scenario, but it's also not a stretch from a lot of people's reality, including my own. Look, my family's made up of a bunch of chicken tender connoisseurs. How many times do you think we've ended up at a nice restaurant only for my son to ask if we can go to McDonald's afterwards? It's enough to make you want to pull your hair out. I know. Now, this is why you've got to look over those Disney World menus with your whole group before locking in a dining reservation. Even if neighbor Bob can't sing the praises of Cinderella's Royal Table enough, that doesn't mean it's automatically going to be the best fit for your particular travel group and your taste preferences. The DFB team and I have created the DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining with all sorts of these preferences in mind. While there's always going to be restaurants that we can recommend, we also want to make sure to tell you about why our favorite restaurants might not be suitable for everybody and vice versa, because even our least favorite options might be the number one choice for your family. Our DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining also comes packed with so many other budgeting tips and tricks and menu recommendations that our Disney loving team has gathered up through their personal experiences, either traveling and dining as parents or with groups of friends or with their partners or even as a party of one enjoying life as a solo traveler. So, if you want to check out this guide yourself, hit up dfbstore.com after this. Don't forget to type in code YouTube before you check out so you can get that discount. And also know that this is 100% money back guaranteed. If you've heard me talk about this book a few times and you're like, I'm not sure, AJ, go ahead and pick it up. And if you don't like it, just let us know and our support team will give you your money back. No worries. I will scream this from the rooftops if I have to. And I have take advantage of Disney Springs happy hours. This is another thing we talk a whole lot about in that DFP guide to Walt Disney World dining cuz it's one of my favorite ways to save money on dining in Disney Springs. Lots of Disney Springs restaurants have happy hour opportunities where you can save money on both food and drinks and sometimes even full-sized entre just by planning your visit at the right time. Okay, let's do some price comparisons just for funsies. At Cityworks Eater in Porehouse, normally an order of classic sliders will cost you just under $17. A side order of fries will cost you seven and a 14oz domestic beer cost you 9. So the total there 33 bucks. But if you come here on a weekday between 3:00 and 5:00 p.m., you get the sliders and suds happy hour combo, which includes the sliders, fries, and a 14oz beer for $14 instead, less than half the price. At Summerhouse on the Lake, an order of truffle fries puts you back 16 bucks, and a pepperoni pizza costs 22. An espresso tini cost you 16. All those items together, $54. But if you hit up the bar area of Summerhouse on a weekday from 3 to 6 PM, you can get bottomless truffle fries for $10, a pepperoni pizza for 15 or $12 if you just get the traditional cheese, and an espresso martini for $10, bringing your grand total to 35 for all of those items instead. And remember, that's bottomless truffle fries, which means you get as many orders of those as you want. And you can share them between four people. See, this is why I love happy hours. So find them, take advantage of them, and love them. Confession time. I've been known to book fullon prefix dining experiences or buffets just because there's one specific thing there that I am craving. But depending on the restaurant and the food item, there's a chance that you might be able to get those items in on an allocart fashion for way cheaper elsewhere. For example, Polynesian Villages Tamboo Lounge, which is located right next to Ohana, has off-men Ohana noodles and Ohana bread pudding, meaning you can get the noodles for around 14 bucks and the bread pudding for 13 instead of paying $67 for a full Ohana meal. Space 220 in Epcot usually costs $55 per person for lunch and $79 per person for dinner. But if you book reservations for the Space 220 lounge instead, or test your luck to see if there's walk up availability for the bar, you can order lots of the Space 220 flight bites at individual price points instead, which will range between $18 and $28 per item. If you love the Wilderness Lodge Smoky Mushroom Bisque from Artist Point, but you don't want to pay the $69 per person for a full dinner here, the same stuff can be found off menu at the nearby Territory Lounge for $12. Much bigger portion. By the way, Territory Lounge also secretly sells the same barbecue pork ribs that you can get from Whispering Canyon via the Pig Signature Skillet. If you buy the skillet at Whispering Canyon, it'll cost you 45 bucks, but if you buy the ribs separately at Territory Lounge, only 15. And they're really good. And while California Grill over at the Contemporary Resort will put you back a whopping $99 per person for dinner, if you're lucky enough to get a walk up spot at the bar, you can order a few different alle cart bites from their menu like cheese plates or featured desserts while still gaining access to the restaurant's outdoor balcony for the more private view of the happily ever after fireworks. Seriously, great tip there, you guys. Please take advantage. So, the Disney dining plan, super convenient. You pay for essentially all of your meals before your trip so you can handle all your theme park dining in an all-inclusive fashion. And yet some folks take the convenience of the Disney dining plan and run with it, never looking back to see if the snack, quick service, or table service credits they just spent are actually wasting them money or stretching each credit's value as far as it can go. Now, there are two different Disney dining plans you can choose between. The quick service plan will be your cheaper option, providing you with two quick service credits per night of your stay per person. And the standard plan will give you one quick service credit and one table service credit again per night of your stay per person. Along with these, both plans also give you one snack credit, say it with me, per night of your stay per person, as well as a resort refillable mug for everybody under the plan. You can learn all the ins and outs and nuances about both dining plans by picking up our maximizing the Disney dining plan guide, which is also over at dfbstore.com. But here's what I can say about the DDP right now. Dining plan credits are tricky because Disney doesn't really clearly lay out what the value of each credit adds up to be after you pay for the whole thing. But we have for a 2026 dining plan. Every snack credit is around $8. Adult quick service credits are about 26 each. Child quick service credits are about $9 each. Adult table service credits equal about 64 bucks. And child table service credits are just shy of 15. You see where I'm going with this now? When you go to grab a cheap package snack for $5, or you choose the cheapest quick service meal on a menu, or you book a breakfast character dining versus lunch or dinner that usually cost you more, then you're essentially paying more for your food than you would have if you would have just paid for these items out of pocket if you pay for them with a dining plan. And that's where the convenience factor can get you. Not to mention, those standard plans can just be too much food for families in general. I mean, to really stretch your Disney dining plan dollars here, you're going to have to book those really pricey table service locations. And usually that means making reservations for buffets or multicourse menus, family style, all you care to enjoy experiences, lots of character dining, and just tons of food every single day. Again, before you commit to the Disney dining plan, look over the snacks, the quick services, and the table services you actually want to prioritize, as well as the cost of how much your priority meals and munchies are going to cost you if you paid for them out of pocket. Cuz if they end up costing you way less than the Disney dining plan credit values I shared with you just a second ago, then the DDP might end up wasting your money in the end, and honestly does for a lot of people. But then again, there's still a lot to say about the value of convenience. If you're cool with paying for all your meals now instead of having to pay for them in the midst of vacation when you might want to prioritize paying for other things like souvenirs or lightning lanes and other add-on experiences, then it still might be worth the investment. It all depends on what you think is worth the cost. And a lot of people also say that if they pay for the dining plan, then they feel less guilty if they get the lobster or the steak or, you know, indulge in a alcoholic drink with every meal because they've already paid for it and they've dealt with that guilt already. Now, in 2026, we are all about showing you the best values when it comes to your upcoming Disney World vacation. That means we've got a lot of other videos coming your way to help stretch those dollars and save your piggy banks. And good news, we've already got more valuew worthy Disney World videos on our channel right now. So go ahead and check out one of those value videos next, like our top 10 best value quick service restaurants in Disney World. And don't forget to download our free Disney World snack maps over at disneyfoodblog.com/bestnacks. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for DisneyBlog and we'll see you real soon.
