---
video_id: rTkwNhyPVO8
channel: DFBGuide
title: "50 EASY Tricks for Your 2026 Disney Cruise"
published: 2026-02-18
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTkwNhyPVO8
---
So, how do you unlock more Disney Cruise exclusive offerings, the best stateateroom locations, and secret discounts? It's easy. Just watch today's easy tricks video, and you'll learn the Disney Cruise ropes in no time. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. I'm in the mood to talk about the wind in my hair, the sun in my face, and an unlimited supply of Mickey ice cream bars in the middle of the night. Which is why today's video is going to hone in on easy Disney cruise tricks that you can apply toward your 2026 vacation and beyond. Much like Disney World theme parks, cruise vacation destinations also have their peak and their slower or shoulder seasons. Peak seasons are going to be the most crowded that these port destinations get and the most expensive that the cruise ships get, too. But shoulder seasons tend to cost less and be less crowded in the hopes that it'll coers people to cruise during less popular times when the ships aren't as full. You'll want to do some research to find out when your particular cruise destination is going to be experiencing its shoulder season, but just to give you a little shoulder season glimpse into some of Disney's most popular itineraries. Shoulder season for the Bahamas and the Caribbean tends to happen in the fall after kids go back to school, but that does put you there during peak hurricane season. So, you want to keep an eye on the radar for sure. Mediterranean cruises experience shoulder seasons during May before schools are out for the summer, early June, and throughout the month of September. Then, Alaskan cruises tend to experience their shoulder seasons in late April or early May, and September, too. Basically, September can be a real ideal time to cruise all around, especially if you're looking for milder temperatures and cheaper prices, but you will again have to look out for the weather. Now, each of the Disney ships has its own water slide or water ride selection. And once the Disney Adventure opens on March 10th, 2026, we're going to be introduced to the first ever Disney cruise with a full roller coaster and flat rides. But I must warn you, there aren't many rides on the ships. This isn't a Disney theme park on a boat. after all. So, the rides that are available tend to rack up the wait times pretty quickly once your ship leaves the port. That being said, wait times for the rides tend to be at their lowest either right when they open up for the day. Times do vary for this, so check that Disney Navigator app when you're boarding and whenever the ship is at port since everyone else will be out and exploring wherever y'all have docked. Again, ride opening times vary, but when it's a port day versus a sea day, the rides might open a few hours later, like around 1 to 2:00 p.m. Just keep an eye on those times. Recently, we've seen an uptick in the Disney cruise community of people getting on board the ship, getting in their stateateroom, opening their bag, and suddenly realizing Disney has confiscated their hair dryer. Yeah. According to Disney's new rules, haird dryers and other hair styling tools have to be 1500 watts max for 110 volts or 2,000 watts max for 220 volts. It's all for safety reasons, of course, not because the crew members want to have a little styling day with your stuff. But if your haird dryer or something else that you bring accidentally breaks the Disney Cruise Line rules, it'll be confiscated and held at the home port, so you can just pick it up at the end of your cruise before you debark. or to avoid breaking the rules altogether. Check your watts and voltage ahead of time and leave the rule breakers behind. Every single Disney cruise ship has something different. Actually, lots of something's different on offer. But don't just take my word for it. Let each of the ships tell you what they have in store for you. If you scan the QR code you see on the screen right now or click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/cruise planning after this, then you'll be able to pick up our free ultimate guide that'll tell you all the key differences between the Disney Cruise Line ships, even the brand spank and new ones. Plus, you'll get fill-in-theblank planning worksheets, packing lists, extra pro tips, and more. Cuz you know what? We've been on all those ships a lot. The Disney Treasure and the Disney Destiny have added new adults onlyly experiences to their ships, and they are a hoot and a half. On the Disney Treasure, passengers who are 18 and over can visit the Sarabi Supper Club for a jazz performance followed by a comedic retelling of an epic Indiana Jones adventure. And on the Destiny, you can find another 18 and over show, but this one's called With Great Power, a Marvel comedy show led by none other than Deadpool. Hence the um 18 plus age requirement. Don't worry, it's still Disney. They're not going to go too wild with the jokes and gags, but they will tow the line a little bit. Now, there's no restriction on when you can wear formal attire. If you want to dress to the nines, even on night one of your cruise, have at it. But on Disney cruises that are seven nights or longer, there will be one formal and one semiformal night where you and your family can dress up all swanky to take advantage of the ship's onboard photography services. There isn't really any extra entertainment that goes along with these nights and you'll see just as many people not dressed up as you do see dressed up. It's just more of an excuse for everyone to, you know, wear that fancy dress if they want to. But then again, if you book an adults onlyly dining experience at one of your ship's premium restaurants, you can dress fancy there too if you want. Only this opportunity does have a bit of a dress code. Make sure you pack what Disney deems as a polished look for these experiences, like dress pants, jeans in good condition, colored shirts, dressy tops, lifestyle shoes, which just means your regular shoes that are not flip-flops or Crocs or tennis shoes with holes in the toes. It's a pretty casual dress code, but it is still a dress code. In case you're not familiar with how the Disney cruises work, there is free Wi-Fi on board, yes, but it only really works for the Disney Navigator app. Otherwise, you need to pay for a Wi-Fi package to access the rest of your emails and social media accounts or any other online features during your vacation. But before you go start looking up connectivity prices, check and see if the Navigator app covers the things you're wanting to have access to in the first place. One of the app's best and most underrated features is its onboard chat option, which allows you to communicate with crew members across multiple divisions, like guest services, port adventures, dining, and child care. And not only can you use this app to talk with cast members, you can also use it to keep in touch with members of your own cruise group, too. No overseas text message rates and fees necessary. But just to clarify, if you don't want to lose access to the outside world while you're sailing away, then you'll need to come up with a game plan to help you stay connected. I personally stick with the AT&amp;T international plan that automatically notices if I go out of the country, which I do pretty regularly, cuz that costs me around $20 per day on the ships. And $20 per day is way better than being smacked with $400 plus in roaming fees, which has happened to me before by the end of your cruise. So, see if your particular cell phone plan has like an international option that you can add on. Otherwise, make sure that roaming is turned off when you get on the ship. And finally, if you don't want to pay for your ship's Wi-Fi or figure out any sort of roaming plan, then be proactive while you still have Wi-Fi and connectivity before your trip. Download those movies, those shows, those books, and offline games onto your tablet ahead of time. And that way, you and your kids can still have them whenever you want to blow off some steam back in the room or when you want to catch up on your reading when you're lounging out on the pool deck. I will usually download a bunch of books to my Kindle before I get on the ship or get a bunch of movies on my computer or something like that just so that I've got something to watch or something to engage with if I'm having a down day. All Disney cruises with Pirate Night, even the 3-day cruises, can expect an evening full of pirate cosplay and limited time meet and greets with pirate Mickey and friends and two different pirate shows on the upper deck, with the second show ending with fireworks. But if you set sail on a cruise that lasts for over 4 days, your pirate night will also come with a specialty menu featured at one of the rotational dining restaurants with exclusive pirate themed apps and entre and desserts, too. Now, whether it's Mickey's Saila Away Party, Pirate Night, the Marvel Heroes Unite Spectacular, or something else, you're going to want to make sure you and your family can see what's going on over at the cruise deck's main stage. So, let's track down the best places to see these specialty cruise shows. While getting up close to the stage is fun if you can make it over to the pool deck early enough before the show starts, typically, I think I prefer finding a spot on deck 12. Not only is it less crowded, but you'll get a better view of the whole picture, including the stage, the funnel vision screen, the fireworks, and all the people down below. This is a brand new deal that just started up in 2026, and I wanted to bring it to your attention. Disney Cruise Line has officially updated its photo policy to allow US residents to purchase cruise photos after they disembark. Previously, you had to buy your pictures, whether digital downloads or printed keepsakes, before leaving the ship on the last day. Remember how crazy it used to be in there? But now, you got some extra time after returning home to review, select, and purchase your favorite options instead of accidentally getting the one with little Jimmy blinking because y'all were in a hurry. Sure, Disney has some nickel and dime activities aboard their ships like the mixology classes, Bibbidity Bobby Boutique, and Bingo if you want to be directly part of the bingo fun. that is instead of merely a spectator. But they have even more free activities offered up on their daily schedules too for you to take advantage of. So you don't have to stress over paying extra for every little thing you want to do on board. Activities vary by day and ship. But some of the common ones we've seen pop up across all the ships at some point or another include karaoke nights, sketch classes, napkin and animal towel folding lessons. Those ones are super fun. trivia games, inflatable obstacle course races, and more. All of your ship's activities for the whole cruise are going to go live for you to browse once you're in the ship's terminal on embarcation day. So, use that time before you board to scroll through the list and tap that little heart or save all the activities you're interested in. That way, your navigator app can remind you about a certain activity coming up that you gave a heart to earlier on, just in case you'd forgotten about it amongst all the ship sailing and hoopla. The daily activities list is a lot more intensive than you might think. Not only are you going to see those family-friendly offerings for trivia parties and napkin folding, but you're also going to see all the activities listed for the 18 and over crowd, which aren't suggestive or anything, they're just part of the no kids allowed stuff. Plus, you'll find all the different activities going on in the kids, tween, and teens only clubs listed out on the daily itineraries, too. Meaning you can plan your family schedule and when your kid gets dropped off at the Ocean Ear Club around the time where the activities they're most looking forward to doing are actually going to be happening. Like my kid always liked to make sure he was at the foosball tournaments. Once you've sailed with the Disney Cruise Line five times, you're going to reach gold status in the Castaway Club. That's what Disney calls their Disney Cruise Line loyalty program. Once you reach gold status, you'll be able to receive exclusive member discounts on Disney Cruise Line merchandise. But these discounts can't be applied to already discounted items, which yes, does happen. So keep your eye out for the occasional gift shop savings, even if you're not a Gold member yet. But discounts also cannot be applied to Disney's private island gift shops on Castaway Key and Lookout Key due to the Bahamian taxes applied to those purchases. So just keep that in mind. Gratuitities for your dining room server and assistant server and head server and stateroom host can be prepaid ahead of time on the Disney Cruise Line website or navigator app by clicking on the my reservation section and following the gratuitities prompts from there. Disney recommends a gratuitity amount of $16 per night per guest for those staying in a standard stateateroom and 27.25 per night per guest for those in a concierge room. If you forget to add a gratuitity amount before your trip, Disney will just default to the gratuitity amount they recommend. But if you want to change that amount once you're on board, you can still do that by swinging by guest services and asking them to help you make those adjustments. Keep in mind that those prepaid gratuitities do not cover other crew members like room service, adult exclusive dining servers, bartenders, port adventures crew members, census spot and salon crew, and the concierge lounge team. So, if you're going to be taking part in any of those extra activities, it's a good idea to keep some extra cash handy or plan on having those additional gratuitities charged to your onboard account. Cruising with Disney is super fun, but cruising with Disney when there's an extra event going on throughout the entire ship just makes things a little bit more interesting. If you're wanting to cruise with Disney during an exclusive offering for more character entertainment, more limited time eats and treats, more seasonal activities, and just more of everything, then try to book a trip during one of these special themed cruises. Pixar Day at Sea is a one-day event featuring meet and greets with Pixar pals, themed Pixar dining, including the Hey Howdy Hey breakfast with Woody and the gang, entertainment like Crush's Totally Awesome Pool Party, and a fireworks show inspired by your favorite Pixar films. In 2026, Pixar Day at Sea is happening on select five night Disney fantasy cruises during the first part of the year, and our team is going to be on one very soon, so I'm very excited about that. And Marvel Day at Sea is another one-day action-packed event, but instead of Pixar, you're getting Marvel Heroes. And instead of the Disney Fantasy, this event takes place on the Disney Dream for early 2026 sailings. Okay, there were just too many exclusive offerings to spew out in just one video point. So, let's talk about the exclusive Disney Cruise Line holiday stuff. Now, Halloween on the high seas, unlike Pixar and Marvel events, happens all cruise long. You're going to see characters dressed up in costumes, a Mickey Mouse parade party, creepy and not so creepy crafts, and of course, lots of trick-or-treating. Halloween on the High Seas usually starts up in September and is available across every cruise ship on select sailings. Thanksgiving at Sea is an underrated cruise line event that not a lot of people see or know about. If you're planning on cruising with the Disney Dream, Magic, Fantasy, or Wish on Thanksgiving Day, then your Thanksgiving on board the ship will include a fullcourse traditional turkey dinner and live football broadcasts via satellite. The Very Merry Time Cruises are much like Halloween on the high seas in the fact that they happen on all the ships, and you'll run into lots of festive activities and theming for the entire cruise, not just one day. Get ready for a tree lighting ceremony, holiday parties and meet and greets, seasonal crafts, and sightings from the jolly old elf himself, Santa Claus. Finally, if you're cruising with any of the Disney ships on New Year's Eve, you're going to receive a special New Year's dinner, as well as a very exclusive fireworks display. While fireworks shows do happen on the other cruises, this particular show only happens during those New Year's Eve specific itineraries. So, here's the really cool thing about meeting Mickey, Minnie, and the rest of the gang on board the ships, especially if you're planning on boarding one of the specialty cruises. These Disney friends like to switch up their outfits to match with each night's theme. So, it's worth paying your pals a visit multiple times throughout your cruise to catch them sporting multiple costumes. Ready to take unlimited pool deck eats and drinks to the next level? Step one, pick up some all-inclusive soft serve from the pool decks ice cream counter service. I recommend doing this all the time, but in our particular snack hack here, just get your favorite flavors and head to the pool deck beverage station to fill up an all-inclusive soda of choice. Now, you can combine them to make an ice cream soda float for no extra charge. That's vacation. Fireworks on a cruise ship. That's a sight to behold. Now, if your cruise is going to set off fireworks, it'll more than likely happen on pirate night, unless you're on one of those specialty cruises I just talked about. But not all Disney cruise itineraries have fireworks. More often than not, you will not experience fireworks if your ship is taking an Alaskan, European, or transatlantic itinerary. That doesn't mean they'll never happen, but due to environmental restrictions and ship rooting constraints, that'll often be the case for these itineraries. You have much, much, much better chances of seeing ship fireworks if your itineraries in the Bahamas or the Caribbean. But again, fireworks are never a 100% guarantee, especially if the weather looks a little iffy. A really popular and fun thing to do on Disney cruises, and really any cruise, is to decorate your stateateroom door. People will bring cute magnets and little whiteboards along with all other kinds of cool decorative features to make your door stand out. But style isn't the only reason you're going to want to deck out your stateateroom door. Though, it's still an important reason. Another reason is because those stateateroom hallways are twisty and windy and confusing and all the doors look the same. So having a door you can easily spot and identify will help you out when you're feeling kind of turned around when trying to track down your room. It especially helps for little kids, too. And since we're already talking about stateateroom door decor, which by the way, my favorite thing I've ever put on my stateateroom door is a whole bunch of magnets of towel animals, which is really fun. Anyway, this feels like a perfect time to start talking about fish extenders. So, fish extenders are these pouches or felt organizers displayed in front of your stateroom. You can make them yourself or buy them off Etsy or Amazon, but the important thing to remember is that Disney doesn't have a whole lot to do with this extra cruise feature. This is totally fan created. It's a secret Santalike concept created by Disney Cruise Line fans where you can leave little goodies for other cruisers outside their doors and maybe folks will leave stuff for you. Most people find their fish extender friends through Disney Cruise Line forums online, but just make sure the forum you're using to meet these cruise line companions is reliable and safe and that you're not giving away any super personal information through these websites. You do not, I repeat, do not have to participate in this activity if you don't want to. But if you think it'd be kind of fun to drop some cute little stickers and keychains and lanyards as a surprise gift for someone else and hopefully receive some surprise gifts in return, then by all means do your research and find out how you can get involved. Whether you need to plan your vacation dining around certain allergy or dietary restrictions, Disney Cruise Line will work with you to make sure you feel as confident in your dining on board as possible. Here's how it's done. First, you can make any dietary special requests free of charge on the Disney Cruise Line website. Just choose the special requests application under the My Reservations link. You can submit your requests up to 3 days prior to embarcation. But if you're making a request for kosher or halal meals, you do need to make sure those are submitted at least 5 weeks prior to your sale date. Two, dietary requests are automatically applied for sit-down meals, but they are not automatically applied at quick service locations or through in room dining. So, be sure to attend the onboard dining session offered on imbarcation day for more details on those. Three, no matter where you're going, always, always, always notify the dining team while ordering at any dining venue just for your own peace of mind and for theirs. And four, dine with caution. Disney Cruise Line takes a lot of steps to prevent crosscontamination, but they don't have separate allergyfriendly kitchens, meaning they're unable to fully guarantee that a menu item is completely allergenfree. So, pack extra snacks and safe food items with you just in case you need to dip into those. There are four different trams available on Castaway Key, but the most confusing tram system can be found over at the Pelican Point stop. And that's because the trams here could go one of two ways. One is going to take you to Scuttles Cove and back to the ship, while the very next one is going to take you on to Serenity Bay. The last time my script writer, Bria, went to Castaway Key, the crew told her that the Serenity Bay tram was the one with no doors, while the Scuttles Cove tram was the one with doors. But, you know, that could completely change the next time you're there. So, just to cover your bases, I'd recommend asking a cast member nearby about which one you should be on the lookout for, just in case they decide to switch things up on you. It's hard to say goodbye to Disney's Castaway Key or Disney's Lookout Key at Lighthouse Point. But what if I told you you don't have to say goodbye just yet? Some cruise itineraries, typically the longer ones, will take you either to both of Disney's private island destinations, or they'll double dip in an island destination to give you two days to explore the white sandy beaches and do a little snorkeling while you're at it. While you're busy searching for Bahamas Cruises on the Disney Cruise Line website, look for cruise options that include wording that highlights two stops at Castaway Key or something along those lines, then you'll know that the cruise you're selecting is in for double the fun. Disney Cruise Line is getting real creative with their ultra themed lounges lately. But here's the kicker with those. Lounges are not all-inclusive. Even if you choose a non-alcoholic beverage or a lounge bite, you're still going to have to pay extra for those. So, just be prepared to save for those specialty splurges. Just to give you a little glimpse into what drink and food lounge prices tend to look like on board the ships, here are some prices we pulled from the Sanctum Marvel themed lounge on board the new Disney Destiny. During our last visit, the Mystic Waffles were $5. The Vapor of Valour cocktail was $25 and the Multiverse mocktail was 7. So, you're definitely paying big bucks for the boozy stuff. Kids, teens, and tween clubs might be free aboard the ship, but child care for your baby is not. So, if you and your partner are looking to enjoy an evening together alone, gazing into each other's eyes over a meal made by Remy the Rat, I don't know, I don't think he's employed by adults only restaurants, but it's never been proven otherwise. Then you can take your baby, who falls between the ages of 6 months to 3 years, to the It's a Small World nursery on board the ships. Not only will you need to pay $10 per hour for your baby to chill out here for a while, but you'll also need to reserve your baby's spot in the nursery, too. And yes, the nursery can book up just as quickly as a mixology class. Since there's typically a maximum of four infants and 16 toddlers at the nurseries, depending on how many counselors are on deck to help out, reservations for cruising extras will go live for you to book depending on your Castaway Club member status. Basically, that's the cruise lines loyalty program. So, the more cruises you take with Disney, the higher in the ranks your status gets. But firsttime cruisers will be able to start booking those reservations for the nursery as early as 75 days before the ship set sail starting at midnight Eastern. Now, something I'd like to mention just really quickly in here that I don't talk about a lot. When I was actually the mother of a 2year and 9month-old, I think he was like 2 months maybe 3 months away from being three. did book him into the Small World Nursery and he was super mad because he was like, I don't want to be with all these babies. So, if your kid is not quite three, they will still have to go to the nursery. They won't be able to go to the Oceaners Club. So, just a heads up on that that that might be a weird time to cruise when your kid is almost three, but not quite. He will not be allowed into the Oceaners Club, so he may not be wanting to go hang out with the babies either. When you go on a Disney cruise, there's a good chance that your port of call or your future port destinations will put you in a different time zone. That'll be especially true for Disney's new cruise ship, the Disney Adventure, which has its home port in Singapore. Just to put it in perspective for you, Singapore is about 13 hours ahead of New York. If you want to cruise, but you also want to cut back on the jet lag so your first few days on board aren't filled with you simply trying to catch up on your Z's, consider flying into the area a day or two early to get your sleep schedule on track leading up to your saila away date. Now, an extra little warning for you about time zone changes. According to the Disney website, your ship will usually go by the time in the local time zone that you're crossing into. But if that time switch is going to be brief, like overnight or something, then they may not change it over at all. At either rate, you're going to want to keep an eye on your Disney Cruise Line Navigator app since it'll tell you whether or not you're switching time zones on board the ship. This is crucial information since your smartphone might automatically switch for you. And if the ship itself doesn't switch over along with it, then you could accidentally end up running late to a reservation or being real early. Why else should you plan to fly into the city of your port early, even if jet lag isn't going to be an issue? Because you don't want the ship to leave without you, right? This is my anxiety nightmare. Doesn't matter where you're flying into. Flights are always unpredictable. So, if you book a flight for the day of your cruise and your flight gets canceled or delayed or whatever, Disney isn't going to hold the ship to wait for you. So, please don't get risky with it. It's better to just fly in the day before and stay in a hotel nearby to make sure you're in the same city and ready to board. There are lots of things you can take for granted when sailing on a Disney ship. But one of the things you shouldn't take for granted, especially if you're traveling with really small kids, is the fact that Disney Cruise Line staterooms have a bath and a half setup. So families with children, have the ability to take a bath. Most stateooms will have a split bathroom where one room contains a bathtub and shower combination with a sink and the other room has a toilet and sink. The exception to this layout is if you choose an accessible stateateroom and then you're just going to have one large bathroom which will give you space to maneuver wheelchairs or provide support to a family member. Little warning here y'all. Cruise ship elevators can get crowded, especially after a stage show or right before dinner or right after the mustard drill or when a deck part is about to take place. And while the stairs are always open as an alternative, you might be giving yourself quite a workout if you're trying to get from the bottom floor of the ship all the way to the pool deck. on ships like Disney Dream, Wonder, Fantasy, and Magic, I recommend heading to the forward and aft elevators instead of the midship ones since they tend to be less crowded. But for the newer ships like the Wish and Beyond, you don't have those extra elevators to rely on. You've only got elevators in the forward and aft. So, when it comes to those newer ships, well, sometimes it's helpful to go haves on the stairs and elevators. You walk up or down a few flights and then you try one of the elevators on a different floor instead. Of course, you want unlimited free ice cream. That is a silly question, AJ. Now, on the pool deck of your ship, you'll be able to find free softs serve all cruise long. But if you're looking for a classic, genuine Mickey premium bar, much like you'll find in the Disney theme parks, you can always request one through free room service to enjoy a Mickey bar in bed as the good Lord intended. Or you can even request one at your rotational dinner if you're not vibing with the other desserts on the menu. Now, Mickey bars might not be on the room service menu, but they have them, I promise. If you're traveling with a larger group of folks, you don't have to splurge and get the biggest room aboard the ship to fit everybody. All you have to do is book those connecting stateaterooms, which not only have a door that opens into both rooms, but will also have a veranda panel that you can push open to connect your balconies together, transforming two small balconies into one big one. When you're booking these rooms online, adjoining rooms will be indicated by a broken line on their shared wall. It'll look like there's little doors opening on either side. Now, if you're the one in charge of booking both of these connecting rooms and you're worried about forgetting which room you booked first when you go to make the second selection, don't be. When you go to book your second stateateroom, a little reminder will pop up toward the top of the page to let you know where your first stateateroom is. Now, this one's an easy and cute trick that you can use before your cruise. Mickey and Minnie can call your home phone to surprise your kids by either reminding them that your cruise is getting close or to announce that y'all are going on a cruise in the first place. Seriously, it is so much fun to see your kiddos light up when the Mickey Mouse decides to give them a ring. To schedule a character call, head to the Disney Cruise Line website, sign into your account, and select my reservations. Then, scroll down to the bottom of the page where you're going to find on the right hand side a picture of Minnie and Mickey with a heading titled complimentary character call. Select the request a call button and you'll be asked to select a character and enter the date, time, and phone number. Calls are limited to two per reservation, but that means you technically have the chance for both Mickey and Minnie to call leading up to your big cruise vacation. And don't forget, this doesn't have to be for kids. You can have Mickey or Minnie call anybody that's excited about their cruise. Disney doesn't put out discounts for their cruises as often as they put out discounts for their parks. But that doesn't mean cruise discounts don't exist. And the easiest way to track these rare discounts down and apply them to your next vacation is by booking your trip through a reliable travel agent. that's keeping track of all of them. We always recommend Small World Vacations. As you know, their services are free of charge for you, but they already know what discounts are out and available to help you get a good deal on your trip. And even if a promotion or deal gets released after your booking, Small World can often rebook your cruise for you, so you'll end up getting some money back. I'll go ahead and link their info down in the description for you if you want a free quote. When you go to lock in a Disney cruise, you don't have to stress about paying the full amount for said cruise right then and there. You just have to make sure you book your cruise far enough in advance so that you can make easy to manage payments toward your vacation throughout the year. Final payments for a Disney cruise are typically due 90 days before sailing for cruises 1 to 5 nights long and 120 days before for cruises six nights or longer. So, as long as you got your cruise completely paid off by then, you should be good to go. That being said, while Disney Cruise Line does have flexible payment plans to help you pay off your cruise in a way that fits your budget and timeline, you're going to want to make sure you pay off your cruise in full before it's time to book your premium on cruise activities, right? Port Adventures and that nursery and the adults only dining, stuff like that. Because if you still have an outstanding payment, then you're not going to be able to make any other extra reservations until that's cleared. This might not be a one-sizefits-all sort of embarcation solution, especially if you're going on a longer cruise. But if you can skip over the checked luggage procedure and stick with just bringing a carry-on aboard with you, it's so much easier to keep track of. Much like a flight, you can take a carry-on and checked luggage onto the ship with you. But checked luggage will have to go through an extra screening procedure first before it's delivered up to your room. And yet, if you've only got carryons to worry about and that's all, you just have to go through the normal security procedure. After that, you keep everything with you until your room's ready to move into. Honestly, after cruising various different ways, when my kid was little, we brought all kinds of stuff with us, including like, you know, boxes of diapers and all of that stuff. But now, when I cruise, I just take a carry-on and it's so much easier. Let's say you do still bring check luggage with you, though. Seriously. So, not the end of the world and might be way more useful than packing ultra light depending on your group and cruise destination. However, that does mean you'll be without your checked luggage for a while after you board the ship since checked luggage isn't delivered to your stateateroom until, you know, around 2 to 4:00 p.m., sometimes even later than that. You'll still, of course, have your personal item and your carry-on bag with you. So, make sure that you pack either bag with items that you know you're going to need before you and your checked luggage are reunited. This includes stuff like important medications, baby items like enough diapers and formula to get you through the day, swimsuits so you can get to swimming just as soon as you board if you want, portable chargers, sunscreen and sunglasses, and a change of clothes for when you get out of the pool. No, really, you don't have to stuff your carry-on to the brim with shirts and shorts. You just need to pack your eco-friendly detergent. Each Disney ship is equipped with a 24-hour selfservice laundry room, and they're usually pretty decent. The washers and dryers on board the ships do cost extra, about $3 per wash and $3 per dry. There are also laundry detergent packets you can purchase for a dollar if you forgot to bring your own. I highly recommend detergent sheets since they're so light and you don't have to worry about spillage. I always keep a few in my suitcase no matter where I go just in case cuz they take up zero space or weight. But that's not all. You can be updated about the status of your laundry through your Disney Cruise Line Navigator app. So you don't have to like sit next to the dryer the whole time to make sure nobody opens it and takes your stuff out. So go on your merry way, have all the fun and animal towel folding classes and still know exactly when you should start heading back to the laundry room to switch it over or pick it up. Depending on where your ship is sailing, you could be sweating bullets and sunbathing during the day, but have your teeth start chattering at night, which is why packing layers is going to be key. You don't have to overpack those layers, but I definitely recommend bringing maybe a couple of hoodies or cardigans, a pair of longlegged pants, and perhaps a beanie or two just to make sure you can still walk around outside after the sun sets without getting too cold. I'm honestly a huge fan of bringing a scarf everywhere I go because you never know if it's going to be cold in the air conditioning or something like that or on the plane on the way there. And a scarf is super easy to just pull out of your bag and put on. And it also actually makes you feel a lot warmer. I was shocked. I'm always shocked by how much a scarf works when I don't have like a sweater or a jacket or a parka or like a hat or whatever. A scarf can actually make you feel a lot better. Okay, wild discovery alert. Your stateateroom walls might be magnetic. Why is this important though? Well, Disney Cruise Line doesn't allow any over the-do hangers on board their ships due to the tendency to scratch up the paint and do damage to the doors. So, the magnetic hooks you can find online, like through Amazon, can be great alternatives for hanging up your wet clothes or bathroom organizers or tote bags or even your lanyards. That being said, not every stateateroom has magnetic properties. The Disney Magic and Wonder don't have magnetic walls, but the other cruise ships do. So, if you find yourself in a room with no magnetic walls, you can always turn toward the next best thing, your stateateroom clothesline. Disney Cruise Line stateaterooms were designed with two retractable clothes lines above the shower or tub. And there are also pegs and towel bars that can be used to hang items to dry as well. But those magnetic hooks on the newer ships, that is basically a super good tip. Now, wait a second. Didn't your veranda stateateroom say it could sleep more people than this? Where is that fifth sleeper? You want to find it? Just look up. The upper pull down twiniz bed can hold guests who weigh up to 220 lbs. Every evening, your stateateroom host will pull the bed down and attach the ladder for you. And every morning, they'll tug it back into the ceiling again, unless you request for it to be kept down. Your rotational dinner will set you up for a three course meal, including appetizers, entre, and desserts for you to choose from. But you're more than welcome to mix and match these however you want. You want two entre, order two entre. Want an extra appetizer instead of dessert? Go for it. Want your meal to consist of all appetizers? Then what are you waiting for? order away. Be sure to share amongst your group so that no food goes to waste. Typically, your all-inclusive rotational dinner on board the ships, which won't cost you anything extra to experience, will take about an hour to enjoy. But if you book one of the premium adults onlyly dining experiences that do cost extra, like Paulo, Remy, or Shante, those can take longer, like 90 minutes plus at least. And that might be okay with you if that's how you want to wrap up your night. But you'll also want to keep that in mind if you decide to book a premium brunch. somewhere like Paulo or Remy or Anante because those dining experiences might cut into some other morning activities you were hoping to tackle that day. Just make sure that whenever you book a premium meal, it isn't going to interfere with your other musto cruise plans. Just a little extra tip on this one. That's why these brunches and dinners go really, really fast on sea days, right? Because everybody knows they've got extra time that day. They don't have to rush out to a port adventure. So, those are the days that they book first for those adult-only dining experiences. Okay, I'll hand this point over to my script writer, Bria, since she's experienced this trick firsthand. Hey, howdy. Hey. The first time that my husband and I went on the Disney Wish, the new liveaction Little Mermaid movie was playing in the ship theaters throughout the day before it started playing in actual theaters on dry land. Pretty cool stuff. Now, I'm all about watching a Disney movie when I'm in my comfy clothes streaming it back home, but I didn't really want to interrupt my entire cruise to watch a fulllength film in the afternoon when I could be out sunbathing and watching the waters pass by. My husband felt the same way that I did, but he really wanted to see that movie since, as he put it, he'd be one of the first folks to have ever seen it ever. So instead of watching it during the day, he found out when it was going to be playing at the Neverland Theater again at night shortly after our rotational dinner wrapped up. That way he could watch it and not have FOMO that he was missing out on something else. I did not join him. I went back to my stateateroom and I crashed hard. But hey, at least he has the memory to look back on now. Thanks, Bria. Okay, if there's anything you want delivered to your stateateroom, even before you open it up for the first time, you can pre-order bottled water, fun celebratory decor, maybe a bottle of bubbly stuff by going to the onboard gifts page on the Disney Cruise Line website. This stuff's going to cost extra with prices varying depending on what you get. But it's so fun to have stuff waiting in your room for you or to surprise someone else when you get there. And I know it costs a lot of money to get that water there, but I really appreciate having bottles of water in my room when I need them. When you're at one of the Disney Cruise Line bars, ask about the Somalier bin. Just trust me on this. The Somalier bin is designed for open bottles of wine. If a guest orders a particular type of wine that hasn't been opened yet, then the rest of that bottle needs to be used on the same day to guarantee freshness. And that means you sometimes get a really pricey glass of wine for a base price if you order whatever's in the somalier bin during the time of your visit. Your mileage on this may vary because sometimes you'll just end up with a standard wine you could have gotten literally anywhere else. But still, you get wine either way and for potentially cheaper prices, too. Again, it's not a guarantee, but it doesn't hurt to check. If you're in a hurry and you want to avoid those long disembarkation lines, so many people trying to get off the ship at the same time, then you might want to consider using the express walk-off option instead. I always use this without a doubt. Express walk-off means you'll keep all your luggage with you instead of leaving it outside your stateateroom for the crew to pick up the night before in order to disembark as early as 7:00 a.m. You will have to miss your last all-inclusive breakfast if you choose to use this express option, but that might be worth it if you're trying to make it on time to your flight, or if you simply want to get off the ship as soon as you can to continue on with your vacation on dryland, or just avoid all the crowds and the waiting and those long stansion lines back and forth when you're going through passport security. GH, I hate lines. Shopping on a Disney cruise, super fun. Planning to shop when the crowds have dispersed at your next port? Not as fun because it's not possible. Your ship's gift shops will not be open whenever you're docked somewhere. So, if you decide to head back to your ship early on a port of call day, don't expect to do any shopping on board until you're back out at sea. Okay, ready to sail away? Of course you are. Let's go. If you're not, or if you're just having too much fun hanging out with us on the ships, though, we get it. We bring the party. So, go ahead and check out another one of our Disney Cruise Line videos next, like what I learned on my last Disney Cruise. And don't forget to download our free Disney Cruise Ultimate Guide right now over at disneyfoodblog.com/cruiseplanning. Thanks for listening everybody and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for DisneyFood Blog and we'll see you real soon.
