---
video_id: qYRjtYAlhLo
channel: DFBGuide
title: "What I Wish I’d Known BEFORE Booking a Disney World Vacation Package"
published: 2026-01-22
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYRjtYAlhLo
---
As you can probably guess, so many members of the DFB team take Disney World vacations on a regular basis. It's kind of our job. And this is what we wish we'd known before locking into a Disney World vacation package. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog, and today's video is all about the ever important Disney World vacation package. If you don't know what a vacation package is, don't worry. I'm about to get to that. Cuz the goal of today's video is to help you decide whether or not a vacation package is going to save you the most money or provide you with the best deals or offer you the greatest amount of convenience. Cuz otherwise, you might want to go down a different path when planning your dream Disney World getaway. Okay? Can't make any big decisions on something if you don't know exactly what you're supposed to decide on. So, let's talk about what a Disney World vacation package actually is. In short, a vacation package is a bundled up hotel and theme park ticket purchase. Easy enough, right? We'll definitely be diving into the details of what a bundled purchase like that actually means for your vacation. But if you're looking for the quick overview, vacation packages can be a great way to secure the most important parts of your trip in one big old purchase. They also often come with additional perks that you can choose to use during your trip, though you're definitely not required to. And another great part about a vacation package is that they're frequently featured on Disney's special offers pages. So, it's always worth checking the Disney World website for specialty vacation package savings before you hit that purchase button. So, are there any big downsides to a vacation package? Well, there can be. For starters, even with a discount, it's not always going to be your cheapest trip option, especially if you're planning on taking a shorter trip since vacation packages are usually capped off at a three-ight hotel stay minimum. Not to mention, vacation packages tend to have their own set of rules that you might not jive with as much as you would if you were to pay separate accommodations and park tickets out of pocket. I think that's a great segue into our next point. Disney's special offers, deals, and discounts page isn't just for vacation packages. You can often find deals towards just theme park [music] tickets and just Disney hotel rooms, too. And depending on the details of your trip, as well as the current discounts being offered, those separate hotel and ticket deals might end up saving you a lot more money than the bundled up ones. It's all a numbers game and one that you might want some help figuring out if you're not the world's best math wiz like myself. So, if you truly want to figure out if a vacation package discount's going to save you more money than a separate hotel or theme park ticket discount, reach out to a reliable travel agent. We always use our friends over at Small World Vacations and they'll do that number crunching for you and they'll [music] do it for no cost. I'll link their info down in the description for you just in case you want to reach out for a free quote. But let's keep going on those pros and cons of vacation packages right now. One way that Disney kind of carefully manipulates the vacation package situation is with fine print. So, you're going to want to read the fine print on anything you're about to buy. The common thread when it comes to vacation package discounts and potential combined deals to take advantage of is that there are going to be rules and regulations, stipulations, caveats, you know, stuff like that. Disney's going to advertise the most appealing version of the deal in big print, but it's the details of the deal that's going to determine whether you're getting the best bang for your buck here. Depending on the deal you're trying to lock in, you might be required to book a minimum number of nights. Or you might not be able to apply any other discounts that could potentially save you more money in the long run. Or you might have to lock in your vacation package purchase before a specific cutoff date. Or the discount you're seeing advertised is actually only reserved for the higherpriced vacation packages, not necessarily the value or moderate resorts, which will have significantly lower discounts for you to apply. or the hotel you're looking at staying in might not be part of the vacation package discount whatsoever. Or the vacation packages cancellation policy, which we'll talk about more later on, might not give you the peace of mind or flexibility that comes with just booking a straightup hotel room stay only. Disney's fine-tuned marketing might also throw you for a loop when it comes to Disney's vacation package deals. For example, at first these deals that Disney pitches to you may be clearly marketed as a 4night 5-day deal, but when you read the fine print, you actually find you can book that same discount on a shorter trip. You don't have to book four nights in 5 days. So, by using that longer vacation language, guests are often convinced to book more and spend more than they originally planned. The moral here, go to the special offers, deals, and discounts page on the Disney World website. Find the deal you think looks the sweetest, and then click on that deal to get the full rundown of how it works. Read all that fine print and figure out if it's really a good fit for you. Now, this is rare, but every now and then, a vacation package deal can be combined with another savings deal to give you ultra savings towards your big trip. But Disney's not going to tell you about this. A recent example for you. Currently over on the special offers deals and discounts page, you're going to find a vacation package deal that'll provide free Disney dining plan credits for kids ages three to nine that you can use for the whole duration of your 2026 trip, just as long as you make an adults Disney dining plan purchase first. We'll talk more about the dining plan in just a second [music] cuz it serves a crucial role for vacation packages. But in a nutshell, this is a way to prepay for your Disney meals before you go, giving you the chance to make your dining feel more all-inclusive once you arrive. So, free dining for the kids all vacation long could be a great moneysaver for you right there. But best of all, you don't have to choose this deal as your sole vacation package promotion since [music] it can be combined with other select discounts and promotions, too. Free kids dining and hotel and ticket discounts. Say less. We're all about finding the value in your Disney World vacations this year. So, if you're on the hunt for even more ways to save money and stretch your hard-earned dollars, be sure to scan the QR code you see on the screen right now, or click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/discoplans after this, and we're going to send you our free DisneyWorld planning worksheets. [music] These come with fill-in-thelank itineraries, packing lists, and a ton of money-saving strategies, too. Okay, so if you like the sound of prepaying for all your Disney meals before you step across the Disney threshold, [music] great. Awesome. Here's the catch. You can only add the Disney dining plan onto your vacation through a vacation package purchase. You won't be able to add it through those separate hotel and ticket purchases. The only exception to this is if you're an annual passholder, Disney Vacation Club member, or part of another specific amenity group where a vacation package purchase just doesn't make sense for you to invest in because you've already paid for tickets or hotel. But otherwise, if you're just vacationing to Disney World and you don't have any specialty circumstances attached to you, then you've got to lock in a vacation package if you want [music] that Disney dining plan. There are two types of Disney dining plans you can choose from. The quick service one is going to focus on Disney World's fast food scene and fast food scene only and will be [music] your cheapest DDP option. While the standard service will give you one quick service credit and one sitdown restaurant credit to use per day. They call those table service credits. Though you can spend those credits once you have them whenever you want to. It doesn't have to be one per day. Even if you're planning on purchasing a vacation package, that doesn't mean you automatically have to get a Disney dining plan or that you should. This is an add-on opportunity, but definitely not a requirement. We've got a lot of videos about the Disney dining plan, of course, as well as a superdetailed Disney dining plan guide over at dfbstore.com that'll really help you maximize this add-on if you want to use it. And it can help you figure out if you should buy [music] it. I really love this guide cuz we use a lot of specific examples throughout it to show you different travel group scenarios and the [music] best ways to stretch your credits depending on who you're going to be vacationing with. So, if you want to check out our Disney dining plan videos and our full digital guide before you commit to a fairly expensive vacation package add-on, be my guest. Just don't forget to type in code YouTube before you check out at DFB store to save money on your total purchase. Now, you've probably picked up on this already, but vacation packages do still give you a lot of freedom when it comes to planning out the details of your trip. You'll get to choose which Disney hotel room you want to stay in, including value resorts, moderate resorts, and those hefty price tag deluxe resort options, too. According to Disney, select partnering hotels that are in the Disney World bubble, but not directly owned by Disney, might also offer up vacation [music] packages, too. Eligibility does vary, and these partner packages often don't include the same discounts or add-ons that you'll get when you book a Disneyowned hotel package. So, you'll definitely want to double check those details before you commit one way or another. You'll also get to choose your ticket type, ranging from the standard 1-day admission to park hoppers and park hopper plus tickets, [music] too. And then you'll be able to add on those extras if you want them, like one of the dining plans or the memory maker option, which will give [music] you access to photo pass photos you can take throughout the parks. You can also add on ground transportation to help you get to and from the Orlando International Airport during your trip. And you can add a travel protection plan to your vacation if you're looking for some extra peace of mind. This is basically Disney's own vacation insurance option if you don't already have your own on hand, but you still want the little safety net in case something happens that interrupts your trip, like bad weather, mechanical issues, etc. If you're on the Disney World website, you might notice that there's not exactly a clearcut tab that you can click on for a vacation package purchase. If you want a vacation package, you're going to have to hover over the places to stay tab instead and then click on one of the resort options you're interested in learning more about. Once you choose a hotel, you should see a selection of current offers toward the top of the page. That's where you'll choose either a room only or a package option or one of the other promotions that might be available during your trip's timeline. Disney's going to walk you through the rest of the steps from there so that you can lock in your theme park tickets next. So, let's say you purchased a Disney hotel room, but you later decided that you wanted to upgrade to the vacation package for those savings opportunities and the ability to tack on the Disney dining plan. Can you still do that if you've already locked into a room only reservation? More than likely, yes. On the Disney World website, select the My Plans option and scroll down until you see the date of your hotel check-in. From there, you should be able to click on a view more details option to change the reservation as need be. But if you're not finding the option to upgrade to a vacation package at that time, you can contact Disney directly about the matter at 4079347639. [music] If you're using a travel agent like Small World Vacations, you just need to contact your travel agent instead and they can work out all the details for you. Another option you could choose, you can cancel your room only reservation and receive a full refund cuz you can cancel those up until about 8 days before you travel and then rebook your room under a vacation package instead. Hotel only reservations must be cancelled eight days before your scheduled check-in to get a full refund. If you cancel between zero and seven days, you'll lose the cost of a one night stay, which is the deposit, but you'll still be refunded for the rest of it. Now, if you book theme park tickets only first and then change your mind about the vacation package, you might be out of luck. Those standalone theme park tickets are not attached to a vacation package [music] and cannot be refunded. That being said, never hurts to call up Disney and ask about if adjustments can be made. Otherwise, make doubly sure that you just want the tickets, nothing else, before you lock those dudes in. Speaking of cancellations, a vacation package cancellation works differently than a hotel room only cancellation. Vacation packages can be canceled up to 30 days before arrival without penalty and with a full refund, but after the 30-day mark, those fees start to apply. Cancellations made between 3 and 29 days before arrival require a $200 cancellation fee, while the cancellation within two days of arrival means your entire package becomes non-refundable, and that kind of stinks. So, don't put yourself in a tough situation if you already know that your vacation plans have changed. Make the cancellations ASAP while you still have the chance to get all your money back. Honestly, that's often why I book a room only reservation is because the cancellation policy is just that 8 days versus that 30 days. Now, you want to be wary of booking through third parties or at least be aware of all the fine print when you do. Third party sites like Expedia, Kayak, Priceel Line, Travel Velocity, whatever is still around these days are well known for dropping prices for Disney vacation packages lower than what you'll find them listed for on the Disney site. For the most part, the prices you're seeing for these vacation packages are legit. But there are other areas of concern you need to consider when you don't book through Disney directly. The biggest concern is that you sacrifice a lot of flexibility and freedom when you decide to book through a third-party site. Cancellation policies may be completely different than what Disney promises you. So, if you need to cancel or change the date of your trip for whatever reason, Disney may not be able to refund you or make the changes you want them to apply if you booked through a third-party site. Also, when you are on property, and this is a situation that we've run into multiple times, booking through thirdparty sites. When you're on property, if something goes wrong or if there is an issue, Disney can't touch it. They can't do anything. you have to go through the third-party site to make any changes, updates, complaints, etc. And so that can just be a giant hassle and waste an entire day if Disney can't solve the problem directly because you booked through somebody else. So before you book a vacation package through a site other than Disney, read that fine print or have your travel agent read the fine print for you and help you sort out the pros and cons because there are lots of pros and cons. You might have a cheaper opportunity, but that could mean a lot of hassles before, [music] during, or even after your trip. So, much like the cancellation process, paying for a vacation package is also going to look different versus paying for a Disney hotel room only reservation. When you book a hotel room only reservation, you won't pay for the full hotel room right then and there. You'll just put down a deposit, which covers a one night room rate, then the rest will be paid for at check-in. [music] Vacation packages also require you to make a deposit payment, but it'll just be a flat rate of $200. After that, the ball is pretty much in your court when it comes to paying off your remaining vacation package balance. Think of it like layaway. You make a deposit and Disney World agrees to hold the room and park tickets for you on the days you're planning to be there, just as long as you pay off your balance by the deadline, which is that 30 days before your trip. For those who booked their vacation packages way in advance, the freedom to essentially create your own payment plan might be one of the key reasons why you choose the vacation package [music] route in the first place. You can make payments that work best for your financial situation. Meaning, you might want to pay a little more during some months and a little less during others. But if you're planning a lastminute trip with less than 30 days to spare, then you'll be required to make that vacation package payment in full [music] right at checkout, which can be a lot to handle all at once. So, you might prefer going with the room only in this scenario, just so you can break up the vacation payments a little bit more, even by just a week or two. Now, along with your vacation package, you're going to receive extra Disney discounts and freebies that you can use throughout your vacation. We love discounts and freebies, right? [music] So, if you want to get technical about it, you're still paying for all these extras, but many folks may not know that they're included with their vacation package price, and therefore, these don't get used as much as they [music] should. and you should know about them in case they come in handy for you. But if you feel like it's going to eat up time just attempting to go out of your way to use these extras, don't feel obligated to do so. It's not the end of the world. You can find the whole list of magical extras over on the Disney World website. But just to give you a little taste of what to expect, here's some examples. four vouchers for one 18 whole round of miniature golf, four vouchers for a general admission to the ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex, and a 10 to 20% select restaurant and store [music] discount mainly featured around the Disney Springs shopping district. So, lots of pros and cons here for you to juggle. This is kind of a different video than what we normally do, but this is something that a lot of you have been asking for. We wanted to make sure we made it as clear as possible. Even though I know a vacation package is sometimes clear as mud because of all the weird marketing that Disney does with these. [music] Anyway, we are here to help you figure out whatever lingering questions you might still have about any of your Disney World vacations in the future. So, be sure to tune back in here for more planning videos to come. Leave your questions in the comments so we can pull them for new videos. [music] and check out other Disney World planning videos out now, like how to avoid expensive lightning lane mistakes. That one's going to be super helpful. And don't forget to pick up those free planning worksheets today over at disneyfoodblog.com/discoplans. [music] Can you tell we get up in the morning to help you have a good vacation? That's kind of our thing. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real soon.
