---
video_id: ERl_OInOROc
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Annoying New Problems in Disneyland"
published: 2026-03-24
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERl_OInOROc
---
We've got reporters in Disneyland all the time experiencing the best of the parks and the most annoying parts. And today we're covering the annoying so you can spend more time focusing on the best. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. There's a lot to love about Disneyland. Seasonal churros, Robo Walt Disney, and repeat rides on Mr. Toe's Wild Ride. Perfect day right there. But as we get deeper into the year, we've come to realize that a lot of annoying new problems have bubbled up to the surface that you all need to know about before they put a damper on things. Nothing should ruin your enjoyment of Mr. Toad's Wild Ride. Nothing. If you've watched some of our latest videos about what's going on all around the East Coast, you've definitely heard me talk about Walt Disney World before because there's just so much construction happening everywhere. But Disney World isn't the only resort being impacted by big changes on the Disney theme park sphere right now. Disneyland's also got walls and more walls around places like Downtown Disney as it expands its restaurants, parking, and esplanade. Disney California Adventure as it expands Avengers Campus and prepares to add new experiences like Avatar Land and the Pixar Cocoa Boat Ride. and even Main Street USA in Disneyland Park as exterior work is being done on Carnation Cafe, Gibson Girl, the Penny Arcade, and the Candy Palace and Candy Kitchen, meaning you're currently being greeted by a whole lot of scrims and scaffolding the moment you step foot into this park. It's definitely an eyesore, but here's the good news. This type of construction work isn't going to take away those Disneyland experiences. Even all the businesses being impacted by the main street construction are still up and running as usual, though they don't look quite as dapper as they normally do. And the construction being done around DCA this year is still, for the most part, not going to make a huge dent in your DCA plans for 2026, at least from an attraction standpoint. You'll see what I mean later on. And as far as the Downtown Disney construction is concerned, all this construction work will have an impressive end result, bringing in tons of new restaurants like Portorto's Bakery and Cafe, Earl of Sandwich and the Carnaby Tavern, Arthur and Sun Steak and Bourbon, Pearls Roadside Barbecue, and Bobo Go, which is a boba drink stop. But as far as overall Disneyland aesthetics are concerned, yeah, the walls can get annoying when you're looking for an authentic, immersive Disneyland experience. The walls won't be up forever, but we're not sure, at least for now, how long they're slated to last. So, be sure to subscribe to our free DFB newsletter so we can keep you updated on the moment we hear more about exact construction wrap updates. The overall construction happening around Disneyland might not be impacting rides, but you know what is impacting rides? Refurbs, renovations, updates, other synonyms that have to do with TLC. So, while we're glad Disneyland's taken care of these well-loved attractions, that does mean I've got some ride closures to warn you all about. Here's a disclaimer. There is a chance that by the time you actually watch this video and start heading towards your vacation, some of these rides will be back up and running again. So, fingers crossed, but as a reminder, we'll let y'all know as soon as we hear about anything reopening, just as soon as we can, via our DFB newsletter. First up, the Disneyland Montreal, as well as Roger Rabbit's Cartoon Spin inside Disneyland Park. Both are closing for renovations starting on March 30th with no set reopening date per the release of this video. The Jungle Cruise over in Disneyland Park closed back in February and as far as the Disneyland calendar is concerned, it's going to be closed throughout the month of April, too. So, we'll keep an eye on that reopening for you. Grizzly River Adventure over in Disney California Adventure has been closed since January of this year, which isn't abnormal for this family river raft ride since water rides and winter weather don't mix with folks. So that's usually when they do those refurbs, but it's still something you'll want to be aware of since we don't yet know when it's going to reopen. And starting on April 6th, Toy Story Mania over in DCA will temporarily close, possibly to switch out of its 70th anniversary overlay, TBD. Again, not to sound like a broken record here, but we don't know when this one is slated to reopen either. So hopefully that closure won't impact the park too terribly much. Ready for a bit of good news? Now remember in past Disneyland videos, I mentioned that Monsters Inc., Mike and Sully to the rescue would be closing permanently in early 2026. Well, that is no longer the case, my friends. Disney went ahead and pushed back the full closing date of this ride until 2027, which means we've got another full year to spend time with our favorite monsters on the West Coast before they're gone for good. Yay! Time to suit up for Screamer of the Day. So, if you want to see this ride before it's done, you might want to consider making some 2026 Disneyland plans. And Wish Upon a Star that when you do, other rides that have been down for the count will reopen for you to check out, too. By the way, there is such a thing as a screamer of the day. It's the first person who gets to ride that ride. And usually it goes to a family with a little kid, but sometimes if you dress up real cool, they'll let you do it. Well, it's the end of an era. Both blue and green milk have been sold inside Disneyland's Galaxy's Edge since the land first opened back in 2019. I remember it well. But now, Green Milk is disappearing for good, at least from Batu West. At first, we really couldn't believe the rumors, so we had our DFB reporters do a little on-site scouting. The team lead for Galaxy's Edge confirmed that the milk stand would no longer be selling the green milk after they run out of their current supply. since the demand for this citrusy floral drink isn't as great as it is for the blue milk or even the brand new pink milk. And when the news was doubly confirmed for us after we reached out to Disney directly who basically said the exact same thing, green milk is out, pink milk is in. Kind of feels like a retelling of Wicked, right? Don't you think? If you're absolutely shattered by this news though, don't fret too much. Green milk will continue to be served at the milk stand in Hollywood Studios in Disney World. So, if you're really, really, really missing the stuff, you can always hop on a flight to the East Coast and grab a cup there. Or you can head over to Disneyland super soon and grab yourself one last cup of the green stuff while supplies last. To be fair, green milk hasn't always been our personal favorite in Disneyland. However, if you want to learn about what our top favorite Disneyland snacks really are across both parks and the Downtown Disney Shopping District, go ahead and scan the QR code you see on the screen now, or click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/dl Snacks after this, and we'll send you our free Disneyland snack maps featuring our top 10 options in each location. This hotel change has ruffled serious feathers and will continue to do so for the foreseeable future. Back on January 5th of this year, all the Disneyland hotels stopped offering the early entry park for their hotel guests. Before, guests could use this perk to enter either Disneyland Park or DCA each day 30 minutes earlier than the normal posted park opening time, which gave you a really nice head start to some of the more popular rides. But now, the playing field has been evened. So, if you want some sort of head start towards the rides, your best bet is to go to the park right at its opening time, aka rope drop, along with everyone else who's thinking the same thing. Granted, rope drop is still a great strategy since Disneyland tends to be a locals park and the bulk of the crowds really don't pick up until afternoon and evening, so you can still knock out a lot of rides, one right after the other, by getting up and around each morning. But brace yourself for some potentially thicker morning entrance lines, which should break up once you're through the park's tap style and everybody's sort of dispersing. If you are staying at a Disneyland hotel soon, Disney's not going to leave you high and dry without any sort of theme park perk, though. Now, the hotels are offering hotel guests one free multi-pass lightning lane of their choosing per person under the hotel reservation, meaning your group will be able to skip over the main queue of one ride of your choosing just as long as it has a lightning lane available. And as long as it's not part of the alle cart single pass lightning lane options like Rise of the Resistance at Disneyland and Radiator Springs Racers in Disney California Adventure. This whole thing by the way is a very very tricky way to get you all signed up for multipass and basically tease you to go ahead and buy the whole thing. Kudos Disney Marketing kudos. So what happens then if you're staying at a Disneyland hotel and you were already planning on purchasing multipass for your visit? Well, the free multi passes aren't like normal lightning lanes. It's more like a onepass ticket that you can use for any of those multipass attractions at any time during your visit. So, that means you could technically get lightning lanes for, say, Space Mountain and then use your free one pass ticket to bypass the main queue for Space Mountain. Again, Disneyland Lightning Lanes work differently than Disney World Lightning Lanes do. So, if you want to learn more about them, be sure to check out our DFB post covering all things Disneyland Lightning Lanes and how to use them over on our DFB website. I'll go ahead and link it down in the description for you. Want to know another hotel perk that disappeared toward the beginning of this year? Probably not, but I'm going to tell you about it anyways. The Pixar Place shortcut for Disney California Adventure is sadly no more. You know how I mentioned that all the construction currently going on in DCA isn't really impacting the park attractions? Well, the same can't be said for Pixar Place Hotel's dedicated park entrance that used to spit you out right into the Pixar Pier area of Disney California Adventure. This used to be so convenient because it kept Pixar Place guests from having to walk all the way around and through Downtown Disney in order to get to the DCA park entrance. But since some of the big construction specifically for the new Cocoa attraction seems to be impacting that dedicated walkway, Pixar Place guests now have to enter through the front gates of DCA just like everyone else. If having a dedicated Disney California Adventure entrance attached to your Disney hotel stay is still important to you, then you might want to look into booking a room at Grand Californian instead, since that dedicated DCA entrance does still exist and spits you out right into Grizzly Peak. Yep, it's not just a Disney World problem. Disneyland experiences its fair share of price hikes year after year. Prepare yourselves cuz I'm going to give you a few examples that could result in a little bit of sticker shock. Towards the end of 2025, one day Disneyland ticket prices increased by around $20. While ticket prices vary depending on the time of year that you visit the parks, there's surge pricing in place. The most expensive ticket for peak season is up from 206 to 224. Multi-day tickets also got a little more expensive with two-day one park tickets increasing from 330 to $335 and 3-day tickets increasing from $415 to 425. Couple of Disneyland's Magic Key pass, those are their annual passes. Those tiers jumped up in price, too. Just for a brief summary on Magic Key tiers, there are four different tiers available and the higher priced ones are going to get you more benefits and more park pass reservation slots. More on that a little bit later. The enchant key tier, which was more of a middle tier option, was replaced altogether by a new tier called the explore pass. This is pricier than what the enchant key had been, but also has the added perk of allowing keyholder guests to go to the parks on weekdays in June and July, which didn't used to be an option before. Lightning Lane Multipass got a slight price hike recently in Disneyland. Multipass prices do vary depending on when you visit as well, but the base price has gone up from 32 to 34. So, you're going to pay at least $34 per day for multipass in DL. If you'll be driving to Disneyland, parking is also going to cost you more. $5 more to be exact. Daily parking rates are now $40 per car or motorcycle, 45 per oversized vehicle, and 50 per bus or tractor if you know you want to take the tractor out for a spin. Finally, the next time you want to create your own souvenir over at Galaxy's Edge, those customizable options will be a pricier endeavor, too. Building your own droid at the Droid Depot now costs $129.99 instead of $119.99. And building a lightsaber at Savvi's Workshop will now cost you $274.99 instead of $249.99, which is still actually less than what you'd have to pay for them at Disney World, wildly enough. Again, these price hikes might not completely break your budget, but after a while, enough price hikes can certainly create a dent you might have not been expecting. So, much like we tell you about any theme park vacation, budget a little more than you think you're going to need to spend just to give your funds some wiggle room if you wind up needing to stretch them further than you anticipated. This has been a problem around the Disneyland scene for a while now, but things are about to get a whole lot stickier. After a bout of financial hardship over the past few years, the Anaheim Transportation Network or the ATN will stop all operations on March 31st, 2026. This means that the shuttles that once offered off property Disney guests a cheaper ride over to the Disneyland Resort area will cease to exist as well. Several of the Disneyland Good Neighbor hotels already have their own shuttle services to the parks, but not all of them, which is why guests have been concerned about the ATN going away. Thankfully, the city of Garden Grove, located just south of Disneyland Resort, has stepped in and will soon, maybe even by the time you watch this video, be offering a shuttle to go from 10 different Disneyland area hotels to the parks across three different routes. There will be a small fee for the shuttle, so it won't be completely complimentary, but it will likely still be cheaper than a ride share. As our Disneyland reporters have pointed out, Disneyland transportation has been an issue for a while now, even beyond the ATN closure. And that's because park transportation is just so limited. You've got the Montreal that connects Downtown Disney to Disneyland, which is not even operating at the moment. You've got nothing connected to Disney California Adventure. And you really don't have a lot of practical free transportation like Disney World has to help you get around without adding a whole lot of extra steps to your day. To be fair, a lot of Disneyland is indeed very walkable once you're inside the bubble. But now that the Disneyland Forward project is in motion, getting ready to expand Disney's lodging and dining and shopping areas in some major expansions over the next few years, Disneyland might not be as compact as it once was, which means the demand for transportation is going to get even greater. It's not a problem that'll be fixed overnight. So, if you're wondering what you can do for your upcoming trips in the meantime, here are a few options to consider. First, the obvious one. You can always book a Disneyland hotel to keep you inside the Disney bubble and within walking distance to all the resort offerings all vacation long. You might also want to look into a cheaper alternative by booking a good neighbor hotel that's still within walking distance of the Disneyland Resorts. Good Neighbor hotels aren't owned by Disney, but they partner with Disney to give guests a cheaper stay while still keeping them close to all the action. To find this Good Neighbor list, head to the Disneyland website. Click on the places to stay tab. Choose the Good Neighbor Hotel option. Go to filters and choose the distance that you want your good neighbor hotel to be from Disneyland. You even got the option to find some that are right across the street. And as always, you can save extra funds to book ride shares to and from the parks, which can save you from doing a whole lot of extra walking. Anyways, last year, something amazing happened inside Disneyland. For the first time ever, Disney Imagineers brought a Walt Disney animatronic figure to life on stage during the Walt Disney Am I Magical Life stage show that's now inside the Main Street Opera House. When the show opened, the other animatronic show that was here, Great Moments of Mr. Lincoln, was replaced for a long while. But back in midFebruary, Disneyland brought Dearold on a stave back. Now Walt and Abe rotate out on the Opera House stage daily. So Great Moments of Mr. Lincoln kicks off the day with shows that happen from park opening until 1:30 p.m. Then Walt Disney and Magical Life tags back in and performs for guests from 2 to 8:00 p.m. So, if you want to see both shows during your visit, don't forget to pay a visit in the morning and visit Walt in the afternoon. Otherwise, you're going to miss out on one or the other. Also, keep in mind that show times for any Disneyland show really are always subject to change. So, it's a good idea to look at your Disneyland app before the start of your day to make sure the times I just listed off are still going to be true for your park day schedule. So, I'm going to get you all hyped up and then I'm going to make you kind of bummed out again. So, just ride the wave with me, okay? For the longest time, like since after the parks reopened post pandemic closures, Disneyland set up some strict rules when it comes to park hopping and park reservations. Now, let me back up. When you go to purchase a Disneyland park ticket currently, you've got to make a park pass reservation, and that secures your spot in one of the parks for each day of your visit. So, unlike Disney World currently, where as a regular guest, you can purchase a multi-day ticket and decide once you're there which parks you want to visit on which days, you have to lock in which Disneyland parks you want to visit ahead of time, right as you purchase those tickets. Now, yes, you can change reservations as needed leading up to your trip, but you still got to have some sort of reservation ready to go before you're going to get led into the parks. Along with this reservation system, Disneyland also created park hopping rules. While you're free to park hop between both parks however you want to, you cannot start park hopping until after 11:00 a.m. Meaning, you must go to the park you made a reservation for, stick around in there until 11:00. So, here's where the good news comes in. Disneyland is getting rid of their park hopping rule later on this year. We don't know when, but we do know what's happening, which will give us all a whole lot more freedom to go back and forth between the parks, even right at the start of the day. But what about the park pass reservations? What's happening with those? Well, those are sticking around for now at least. So, before you start park hopping, even during those early morning hours, you still have to check into the park you made reservations for first. Then after that, you'll be able to park hop to your heart's content once Disneyland drops those 11:00 a.m. restrictions once and for all. Disneyland After Dark events are some of my favorite events ever. Themed parties, exclusive entertainment, unlimited photo pass downloads, and lighter crowds, plus awesome characters. Call me, beat me if you want to reach me because I am so going to be there. A little Kim Possible reference for all of you going to Disney Channel night this April. Yes, we are excited. For anyone out there who's new to the Disneyland After Dark scene, though, these are separately ticketed events held inside Disneyland after it closes to general admission guests. And while these events typically run from 9:00 p.m. to 1:00 a.m., your after-dark ticket will also allow you to enter the park as early as 6:00 p.m. for kind of a pre-party mixin. In 2026, Disneyland has five after dark themes lined up for select nights leading up till June. And while some of those events have already happened, you've still got time to secure tickets for others that are on the roster. But here's something I got to warn you about. As soon as After Dark tickets go on sale, especially for new Afterdark events, they tend to sell out pretty quickly. These are really popular events, which is what we saw happen for the ultra exclusive 70 years of favorites event that took place on March 3rd and 5th. That's why it's so important to keep close tabs on an event you want to go to since party tickets are limited and days for each event are limited as well. After dark tickets sell out especially quickly for the Star Wars nights that take place specifically on May the 4th for the obvious May the 4th be with you reasons. So here's how to stay ahead of the afterdark game. Historically speaking Disneyland's lineup of afterdark events is usually announced around December. Though of course that's not a 100% guarantee. They could be announced a little earlier a little later. But once those events are announced, tickets for each one tend to drop a few months before the actual event takes place. Now, I would highly recommend getting on the Disneyland website and booking your ticket as soon as you can once those tickets go live, cuz the longer you wait to purchase them, the more likely they are to sell out. This also happens, FYI, for the OogieOogie Bash situation in Halloween time. Like, those tickets go so fast. Now, if you are part of our DFB newsletter, which is totally free to sign up for, I'll make sure to let you know the exact After Dark ticket drops as soon as they're announced. I felt like we once had all the time in the world to check out all the 70th anniversary celebration stuff happening across Disneyland, but now it's 2026 and the months keep flying by and the 70th anniversary cut off date feels like it's staring me down in a rearview mirror. Since May 16th, 2025, Disneyland's been in major celebration mode with all these fun exclusive anniversary offerings like the return of the Paint the Night Parade and Wondrous Journeys Castle Show in Disneyland Park. Limited time tours and tributes to the Disney Imagineers who really helped shape Disneyland into what it is today. Specialty snacks, drinks, and entre across property, the debut of the World of Color Happiness Show in DCA, and so much more. But on August 9th, all the anniversary fun wraps up and we'll feel all sad inside about the things we've lost again. All right, no sad faces yet, though. We have until August, and you've still got time to book a trip out west to see all the festivities. But if it makes you feel any better, shortly after the 70th anniversary wraps up, Disneyland's going to start switching over to Halloween mode, which is a whole lot of fun, too. Okay, I think it's time to steer away from the annoying stuff and return to the best of times happening over in Disneyland, right? So, how's about you check out one of our other happygolucky Disneyland videos next like the 50 things everyone should eat in Disneyland, which is a personal favorite of yours truly. And don't forget to download our free Disneyland best of snack maps today over at disneyfoodblog.com/dln snacks. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for DisneyBlog and we'll see you real soon.
