---
video_id: s_WUzswtsUM
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Latest Disney News: Flower & Garden Festival, Work Starting at Rock 'n' Roller Coaster & MORE!"
published: 2026-03-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_WUzswtsUM
---
A new Epcot festival has begun. We've got lots of construction updates, plus when you need to be in Disney Springs to get the newest over-the-top shake. All the news from Disney theme parks, Universal, and more is coming up right now here on DFB Guide. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. This week has kicked off our massive globe trotting extravaganza. Our team is doing it all. We're reporting to you from Disney World, Disneyland, Universal Studios, Universal Studios Singapore, a cruise ship in Singapore, the new Disney Adventure, and Disneyland Paris with their brand new expansion. We're going to get a preview of it in the coming weeks, and we are excited and exhausted just thinking about it. Let's kick things off in Orlando with the start of Epcot's Flower and Garden Festival. It is officially springtime in Epcot with topiaries and flowers and food booths blooming. We tried everything at this year's festival from the food to the entertainment and we've got our full coverage over at disneyfoodblog.com and in our best of the fest recap video that you can check out. This year's festival runs through June 1st and if you're headed to the fest, we've got the guide for you that is basically your festival BFF so you don't waste a single snack dollar on just me snacks. Our everything bundle has our flower and garden festival guide and every single guide we make for every season at Disney. All the tips for every park. Use code YouTube to get an extra special discount. It's kind of like having us go to the park with you. Free Disney dining plan is back with early access for Disney Visa card members. Now through March 11th, 2026, Disney Visa card members can get exclusive early access to the return of the free Disney dining plan in Disney World. Here's the deal. Book a fournight, 4-day, or longer vacation package with a Disney resorts collection, hotel, and park hopper tickets using your Disney Visa card, and you could score a free dining plan for select travel dates in summer, fall, and the holiday season of 2026, depending on where you stay. That means either the Disney dining plan, that's table service, and quick service meals, or the quick service dining plan at select, moderate, and value resorts. Now, it's very important to note that when you're booking your vacation, the deal is only valid on certain nights. These include January 28th to October 3rd, October 19th to the 31st, and December 6th to December 21st. Of course, since you're booking a Disney World vacation at a Disney World hotel, where you stay specifically matters for the deal. To get free standard dining plan, you'll have to book a room at these hotels. And to get a free quick service dining plan, you can book a room at one of these hotels. Dining plans include prepaid meals and snacks, making it easier to budget for your trip and spend less time worrying about food costs while you're in the parks. If you're a Visa card holder and are considering a Disney World vacation in that time frame, this is seriously a great deal to take advantage of, and you'll want to book as soon as you can before this offer goes to the general public. Some hotels will book up fast. If you're not a Visa card holder and still want the deal, following this early access, the free dining plan offer will be released to everyone. We just have to wait a few more days. We don't know specific timeline on that yet. Disney just confirmed that the new rock and roller coaster starring the Muppets will be a Lightning Lane multipass option once it opens in summer 2026. If you head over to Disney World's website and look at Lightning Lanes for attractions and experiences, you'll see the upcoming ride has joined the Multipass list at Disney's Hollywood Studios. Now, we never doubted that it'd be available as a Lightning Lane experience, but it's nice to know we've got that confirmation. We're excited for the new version of the attraction. It's going to feature animatronics of Scooter and the Penguin Audio engineers who are going to be working hard to get Electric Mayhem to make it on time to their concert. We'll be getting a VIP tour of GeForce Records, but under new management by the Muppets. We've also been told that GeForce Records has a new unique look as Scooter's uncle, real estate tycoon, and owner of the Muppet Theater, JP Gross, has taken over. Cinderella Castle is mid makeover. We caught crews hard at work during early entry this week. Cherry pickers were up with paint teams actively transforming the castle in real time. Now, here's the current look. The side facing Liberty Square is now completely gray. The opposite side is half pink, half gray. Paint is still in progress across multiple turrets. Disney's really moving quickly with this paint project. If you're wondering about those construction cranes, Disney's been sticking to their goal of keeping equipment out of guest view by midday. Usually by 11:30, they start coming down. So, you can still get your pretty castle pics. What do you think of the progress so far? And just like the castle, we've got another construction project that we're keeping you updated on regularly. Disney's wasting zero time at Rock and Roller Coaster. Rock and Roller Coaster starring Aerosmith took its final bow on Sunday, and we're already starting to see the Muppets move in. The car at the ride's entrance is already getting a groovy Electric Mayhem inspired paint job. Rock and Roller Coaster starring the Muppets is set to open this summer. Epic Universe at Universal Studios Orlando has been open for over a year, but Super Nintendo World still remains super popular with Nintendo fans, and for good reason. Some new Super Mario experiences are going to be coming to Super Nintendo World and Universal Studios Hollywood in just a few days. A limited time experience is coming to Super Nintendo World and Universal CityWalk to celebrate the release of the upcoming The Super Mario Galaxy movie. This new experience launches on March 10th, of course, and will continue through April 13th. You'll be able to get in on some exclusive limited time offerings and special photo ops. For starters, you won't just get a chance to ride Yoshi's Adventure in Super Nintendo World. You'll get a chance to meet Yoshi at both Universal Studios Hollywood and Universal Epic Universe in Orlando. New movie themed snacks are also coming to both parks, including the Rosalina cupcake, a blue velvet cupcake filled with blueberry cheesecake and lemon buttercream topped with a chocolate crown and star. You'll also be able to get Galaxy Popcorn, a multicolored berry flavored popcorn with edible glitter, which will be available later. Both parks will also have limited time merchandise inspired by the movie, including firstofits-kind interactive shoulder pals themed to Luma in both blue and yellow. These will feature light and sound and will even interact with other shoulder pals. Of course, you'll also be able to see the Super Mario Galaxy movie at Universal Cinema and Universal CityWalk Hollywood and Universal Cineark at Universal CityWalk Orlando starting on April 4th. Tickets are on sale now for one of Disney World's best and sometimes under the radar annual events, the Swan and Dolphin Food and Wine Classic. The 2026 edition is scheduled for November 20th and 21st from 5:00 p.m. until 9:00 p.m. each day. Advanced purchase evently tickets, including unlimited food and beverage tastings on the causeway for Friday or Saturday night, are available for $215 per person. And remember, that's getting all the food you want, all the drinks you want. A twoight event bundle is also available, which offers a savings of 10% off of individually priced one night tickets. Twoight bundle is 3.87 87 per person. Furthermore, a room reservation discount for the Swan, Dolphin, and Swan Reserve is available for guests attending the Food and Wine Classic as well. Walt Disney Imagineering posted a reel that takes you behind the scenes of the Avengers Campus expansion in Disney California Adventure. This expansion will double the size of the existing land and bring two new rides to the park. In the sneak peek, we got to see the construction of the building that will become a new ride, Avengers Infinity Defense. Avengers Infinity Defense will have riders join the Avengers in their epic battle against Thanos. The expansion is currently under construction and is expected to open in 2027. Moving over to Universal Orlando, we've got some new aerial shots of the Fast and Furious Hollywood Drift Coaster thanks to our buddy Bio Reconstruct. Hollywood Rip Ride Rocket is completely gone and concrete is being installed for the new coaster. And this new ride will be a high-speed coaster featuring 360 degree drifting vehicles and 170 foot vertical spike. It's actually opening in Universal Hollywood next year, so we'll get a chance to check it out before it even gets to Orlando. Universal is also continuing construction on another new theme park. First up, we've got some new photos of the Universal Kids Resort in Frisco, Texas, opening later this year. We got a peek at the Spongebob area of the park, including some ride photos and a look at the splash pad. We can't believe it, but the carrot cake cookie sandwich is officially back at Caramel Cusha in Epcot's Germany pavilion. Now, this is a different carrot cake cookie from what you get over in Hollywood Studios, but still delicious. The treat is made of carrot cake whoopy pie sandwiched with Worther's original caramel and salted caramel buttercream frosting. The center salted caramel frosting is mixed with the sweet taste of the carrot cake sandwich, and it's just something we need to eat again and again. Over in Epcot's Mexico pavilion, Lava Del Tequila is serving up a new cocktail. This drink is called the Vakeros's falsetto sketched by Brett Iwin, the voice of Mickey Mouse. It's made with Bard Stown bourbon, reposada tequila, mole bitters, orange oil, turbo ranch, rosemary, and bourbon soaked cherries, and was inspired by Turbo Ranch, the ranch that Brett himself owns. It was easy to drink, even if you're not a big fan of hard alcohol, which was very impressive, as this is an old-fashioned. The main flavor profile here was bourbon with a slight kick from the tequila, but the additional flavors helped to balance it out so it wasn't too intense as well as gave it a slight smoky flavor. We tried some of the exclusive 70th anniversary treats at the Disneyland 70 years of favorites after hours event and a few of them seriously surprised us. Gumbo fries from the Hungry Bear were $14.99. Basically Disneyland's newest version of poutine. Warm, hearty, and loaded with meaty gumbo flavor with a little kick of spice. We even got a good cheese pull on the first bite. Super comforting, though. We wish the cheese had been melted a little bit more so we could replicate that cheese pull. Gaston's Brew from Red Rose Tavern was $779. This one shocked us in the best way. It's a lightly carbonated butterscotch soda with a doulce de leche topper. It starts off subtle and bubbly. Then that sweet caramel butterscotch flavor hits on the finish. If you love caramel flavors, this one's worth trying. The Burria Mac and Cheese in a Bread Bowl is from Refreshment Corner. It's $12.99. This is hearty and cheesy and very spicy. The salsa verde on top brings serious heat. Our first bite had our eyes watering. Once mixed together though, the tender buria savory beef flavors and the melty mac made for a super satisfying meal. And the maple bacon cinnamon roll from Jolly Holiday was $10.99. The frosting really carried this one with hints of maple, chocolate, vanilla, and cream cheese. The bacon added a salty sweet balance, though the cinnamon roll itself was a little on the dry side. From spicy comfort food to sweet caramel drinks, there's a lot of fun anniversary stuff popping up around the park right now. The March Dole Whip Sampler has dropped at Swirls on the Water in Disney Springs, and it might be one of our favorite combos yet. Here's what you get in this trio. Classic pineapple Dole Whip with vanilla swirl with pineapple garnish. This is super creamy with that iconic pineapple vanilla flavor combo. This is the OG, and you're going to find it in every single one of the Swirls on the Water samplers. The peach and raspberry dolip with raspberry crisps and peach pie filling. This was a standout. The peach flavor really shines with the raspberry brightening it up and those crunchy raspberry crisps add a fun texture. The peach pie filling gives it a little extra sweetness and chew that works really well with the soft whip. The strawberry and lemon swirl is a holdover from the Valentine sampler, and we're glad it stuck around. It's incredibly refreshing and tastes just like a frozen strawberry lemonade. We also grabbed the peach raspberry sundae for $7.29. 29. It might be one of the most refreshing treats at Disney Springs right now. If you get a spoonful with the Doe Whip, whipped cream, peach filling, and streusel all together, it seriously tastes like raspberry peach pie. The waffle bowl adds that extra crustlike bite to pull the whole thing together. If you're looking for something fruity, sweet, and refreshing, this one's a winner. The spring popcorn mix has arrived at Main Street Confectionary. Again, this might be one of the tastiest mixes they make. The base is caramel popcorn, which I love, and it has crushed villa wafers on it. It's also topped with mini marshmallows, M&amp;M's, and white chocolate drizzle. It's sweet without being overly sweet, and all the colors in this one are very pretty. These popcorn mixes are 100% sharable and nice to snack on during your park day. Black Top Craft Burgers and Shakes has a location in Disneyland's Downtown Disney that we frequent. We love their crazy shakes. They're super extra over-the-top milkshakes that are both instaorthy and delicious. And now you can get some of them at Disney Springs for the first time. There are five over-the-top loaded shakes, as well as several more subdued and standard shake concoctions. This location will only be open until June 1st, so plan your visit accordingly. It's in the old Sprinkles building. That's not the only new thing in Disney Springs. We headed over to the Polite Pig first to try the Ryita Margarita for $13.99. This is made with Elijah Craig rye, tequila, citrus, and agave nectar. There's a refreshing take on a classic margarita. The rye creates a spicy, warmer feeling that sort of lingers on the palette for just a second. So much so that the drink feels slightly autumal due to the warm spices. It's a very pleasant contrast to the lime flavors we normally associate with a margarita, especially because that classic light citrusy flavor is balanced out by the rye. Then we headed over to Goofy's Candy Company for a completely different type of drink, the seasonal frozen cocoa for $8.99. This time of year, it's made of Joffrey's frozen cocoa topped with mini marshmallows, whipped cream, a fresh strawberry, sprinkles, and a chocolate dipped Mickey marshmallow with freeze-dried strawberry bites. However, ours unfortunately didn't come with a fresh strawberry as the location was all out. This really does taste like frozen hot chocolate, and it's pretty rich. The whipped cream lightens the flavor a little bit, which we appreciated, but the mini marshmallows did get a little soggy sitting under all that whipped cream. The Cake Bake Shop on the boardwalk has announced that on Easter weekend and Mother's Day weekend, all locations of The Cake Bake Shop will serve breakfast until 2:00 p.m. Perfect for brunch lovers. Also, starting on March 11th, the location will be extending breakfast service until 11:30 a.m. every day, making it one of the later running breakfast offerings in Disney World. Okay, if you're headed to Disney World this week, here's what you need to know. Magic Kingdom is shuffling nighttime entertainment times again. So, here's what you need to know before you're standing on Main Street wondering why nothing's happening. Starting tomorrow, March 8th, Happily Ever After moves from its usual 9:00 p.m. start to 9:30 p.m. Likely because of the time change that same night, and then beginning April 19th, it shifts even later to 10:00 p.m. The new nighttime parade, Disney Starlight Dream, the Nightway, is also adjusting its schedule. Tonight, it's going to run at 7:45 and 10:00 p.m., but starting tomorrow, it drops to just one showing at 8:15 p.m. Then on March 12th, it returns to two performances at 8:15 and 10:30. Those single showing nights will draw big crowds, so plan to grab a spot early if you want a good view. And if you're flexible on location, watching from Frontier Land is a great way to avoid the heaviest Main Street crowds while still catching the magic. And remember, we're right in the middle of spring break here, so crowds are going to be even more extended right now. Speaking of, while those crowds are heavier than you might expect, that means long waits, not only for rides, but also for transportation, dining, even mobile order pickup. I need to stress that spring break requires real strategy and patience. Lightning lanes can sell out, they can book up quickly, and dining reservations disappear fast. So having a plan and being ready to pivot is essential. Weather can swing wildly from chilly mornings to hot afternoons and sudden storms making layers and rain gear pretty important right now. Prices also surge during this period from hotels to flights to park tickets. With the combination of heat and crowds and high prices, please take breaks to avoid that afternoon burnout and that stress. Ultimately, you just need to adjust your expectations. Since you most likely won't get everything done, but with patience and a focus on your personal must dos, you can still have an awesome time. The shopping experience for new pins released on disneystore.com can be crazy with limited edition and exclusive pins being released. Disney reached out to say they've heard the requests and are working on changes to improve the pin buying process. In the next few weeks, customers will be required to log in before joining the queue to buy new pins when they drop. Limited edition pins can go so fast. So, it's nice that Disney's listening to collectors on what needs to change in order to make the shopping experience better and more fair. And that's going to wrap up today's Disney news. Make sure you're following us over on social media so you don't miss a single update. Remember, we have some big travel plans this week. Our team is on route to Singapore for the maiden voyage of the Disney Adventure and then off to Disneyland Paris for a super exclusive preview of the new Disney Adventure World. Don't forget to sign up for our free DFA newsletter. That's the easiest way to stay ahead of all the big changes and all the fun stuff we've got coming your way very soon. It's easy to sign up, totally free. The link is in the description. Also, don't forget to follow us on social media. We're over on Instagram, we're on Tik Tok, we're on Facebook, we're everywhere. You need to be to capture all of the updates that we're going to be spreading all over the place as soon as we get onto that new cruise ship. Thanks for listening, everyone, and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog, and we'll see you real soon.
