---
video_id: d4-xJf3bbn8
channel: DFBGuide
title: "How Disney's New CEO Could Change Everything"
published: 2026-02-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4-xJf3bbn8
---
Walt Disney Company has named its new CEO and the transition is happening a lot sooner than anyone expected. What's happening behind the scenes and how might this change Disney theme parks? We got all the details in this special edition of DFB Guide. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. Disney has officially announced that Josh Dearo will be the next CEO. Disney parks fans love this guy, but will he deliver on all their hopes and expectations? And what about this new chief creative officer role created for Dana Walden? Is the Disney company going to split into a Parks V Studios division? Will it help the parks improve? Will fans be left paying more? We're diving into all the info, the conjecture, the analysis, and what this new era of Disney might look like. Josh Dearo has been on Disney parks fans radar since his days as president of Disneyland when the viral videos of him picking up trash around the parks were making the rounds. He cemented himself as somewhat of a Disney park sweetheart with fans rejoicing the news of his rise to CEO. He has been with the company for quite some time starting at Disneyland in 1998 with succeeding positions in finance for global licensing, Adventures by Disney, and commercial strategy at Hong Kong Disneyland. He stepped into the more public spotlight in 2018 when he became president of Disneyland and quickly moved to Disney World as president in 2019. In 2020, he became chairman of Disney Experiences, overseeing all Disney theme parks, Disney Cruise Line, Imagineering, and Consumer Products when former chairman Bob Cheek was promoted to the CEO position. And on March 18th, Josh Dearo will officially take over the top spot as CEO of the Walt Disney Company after an extended search to find the best successor to current CEO Bob Iger. Now, why is this such a big deal? After an incredibly tumultuous CEO turnover in 2020, Disney is looking to keep things a bit more status quo. Quick recap for those of you who may have been busy with other things that year. Bob Chapeek took over the role of CEO after Bob Iger, CEO since 2005, retired, but his time in the role was brief. After a rough few years for the company's financials, particularly surrounding Disney Plus and streaming services, Bob Cheek was ousted and Bob Iger returned as CEO at the end of 2022. Iger was much more cautious about selecting a successor this time around, agreeing to stay in the position until the end of 2026 in order to find the right candidate. This decision is a big deal for the company and the shareholders. Who's the right person to uphold the values and positive growth of this massive and growing company. People are feeling pretty good about Josh tomorrow's chances. Now, outside of the business, fans are incredibly excited about this CEO choice. In our YouTube comments, you've been saying, "It's the most hope I've had in a while for Disney, and we needed a parks guy at head of company." This is good news for us Parks fans, and I was secretly rooting for him. I feel like he is the people's CEO. That's all from our subscribers. Now, Josh Dearo has really endeared himself to the fan base, which is great for enthusiasm, but I think people may be a little disappointed when he doesn't suddenly reduce prices and bring back free fastass, which to be honest, he was in charge of the parks when that was taken away. So, what can we really expect to happen when Josh Dearo takes over? On the park side of things, people are really hoping that having a parks guy at the helm will mean more innovation and lower prices in Disney's theme parks, but that's probably not going to be the case. Dear has overseen major expansions, helming that $60 billion investment into the parks and cruise line. He's been in charge of the Galaxy's Edge expansions in Disneyland and Disney World, Avengers Campus in Disneyland, World of Frozen in Hong Kong in Paris, and those future Disney World projects. Tropical Americas, Piston Peak, Villains Land, and Monstropolis. These are some of the largest park expansions in company history, and fans have shown serious enthusiasm for these new additions. Disney Cruise Line has also experienced massive growth in the past few years with so many new ships joining the fleet. But Demaro is also responsible for one of the most contentious changes in the Disney parks. During his tenure as Disneyland president, he initiated the first foray into paid skip the line services with Max Pass. This $20 paid add-on proved profitable, which opened the door to expand the paid offering to Disney World and invested new technology to revamp the Disney World app with planning and itinerary capabilities powered by AI. Disney Genie and the paid Genie Plus, which would later be known as just lightning lanes, launched in 2021, ending the days of free fastass. His paid Skip the Line service proved a success financially with park guests continuing to purchase the add-on despite the massive backlash online. Lightning Lanes along with the AI powered Genie itinerary builder gave Disney a whole lot more metrics on how people tour their parks as well, which is incredibly valuable for marketing and future expansion planning decisions. So now, not only did the Disney World app generate direct revenue through sales, but Lightning Lanes also began providing data points on people visiting the parks, which is just as valuable, if not more. For all of you hoping he'll do away with paytoplay and bring back free fastass, it is not going to happen. Technology seems to be at the forefront of Disney's future plans, showcased most recently by their $1 billion investment in open AI, allowing fans to create their own content using Disney characters. Demarro is all for using technology in the parks and throughout the company. So, we'll likely see more of this in the future as AI expands to Disney Plus and other consumerf facing products. In an interview with Good Morning America, Bob Iger noted that one of the reasons tomorrow is right for the job is because he views technology as an opportunity and not a threat. And that's critical. Tomorrow seems very in line with the types of company decisions Bob Iger has made, which may mean we see a lot more of the same. More expansions, more sequels, more IP in the parks because those things are guaranteed to make money. It does certainly seem that tomorrow will be focused on the theme parks and other experiences as this part of the company delivers growing revenue year after year. But where does that put Disney's movies on the list of company priorities? Despite Bob Iger's best efforts, a Disney Plus and streaming is proving to be less profitable than the company hoped for. In Disney's most recent earnings, Call Iger announced that operating income for the previous quarter decreased due to higher costs, including higher subscription and affiliate fees and increase in content sales revenue due to theatrical releases. And there has been a push to dial in the profitability of Disney's movie making side. And a brand new position seems to be a part of that plan. Dana Walden has been promoted to chief creative officer, a brand new role for the Walt Disney Company and one that may include a bit of a split in the role of CEO after rumors of a co-CEO situation didn't come to fruition. Dana Walden started at Disney in 2019 after their acquisition of 21st Century Fox. She's managed Disney Plus and Hulu along with other programming, marketing, and disruption and operations of other brands like ABC Entertainment, ABC News, Disney branded television, Disney television studios, FX, Hulu Originals, and National Geographic Content. We've started seeing other companies move to a co- captain type of setup. Recently, Lucasfilm has announced President Kathleen Kennedy's successor as both Dave Filona and Lynwin Brennan, with Filelona overseeing the creative and Brennan handling the business side of things. DC Studios also works under a similar model with James Gunn and Peter Saffron as co-CEOs, leading the creative and business divisions, respectively. Disney Split isn't quite the same as Dana Walden will be reporting directly to Josh tomorrow, but it does indicate that she will likely be leading the movie making and streaming portions of the company. So, what can we expect over there? By the way, a lot of analysts and fans are interested in this kind of echoing the Walt and Roy division of responsibilities back when Walt Disney Company first started. Okay, based on Disney's last earnings call, sequels are the name of the game, my friends, as honestly they have been driving revenue for the past several years. This is something I actually talked about at length in my book Disney Adults that people love sequels and Disney is absolutely leaning into those. The top performing movies for 2025 were Zootopia 2 and Avatar Fire and Ash. And it was noted that Disney Plus received a huge lift from people watching previous movies in those franchises prior to the sequel theatrical releases. At the earnings call, all movie talk was exclusively sequels focused. There wasn't even a mention of the new Pixar film Hoppers. Only the sequels, including Toy Story 5, which if they're trying to drive revenue on Disney Plus, I imagine a lot of kids are going to have to watch Toy Story 1 through 4 before they see five. Now, Bob Iger has previously mentioned how liveaction remakes can bolster new technologies that help Disney's classic stories reach new generations of viewers. And it ultimately boils down to money and nostalgia. Many of the kids who grew up with classic Disney movies are now adults with their own kids. And they want to share their love for these movies and the Disney parks with them. That in turn brings in more money for Disney, both at the box office and at the parks by adding more IP. Seems as though Disney is operating under an if it ain't broke, don't fix it sort of mentality with these sequels, especially given the upcoming slate of movies that are almost entirely that. We'll have to wait and see how long this strategy works long term, but for now, don't expect the sequel train to slow down anytime soon. During this transition, tomorrow has been drawing comparisons between himself and Bob Iger, saying, "Bob's a big risktaker. I'm a big risktaker." And that's been true my whole life. After the upheaval the last time a new CEO stepped into the role, the company stakeholders, and the fans are looking for a calm, no drama handover. This likely means we won't see anything dramatically different happening within the Walt Disney Company for some time. Michael Eisner even gave Josh advice to continue Bob Iger's strategy. Demarro does appear to be a lot like Bob Iger. He's nice and company-minded, but does that equal innovative? Disney is putting a lot of money into diversifying itself even further with those investments with Open AI as well as Epic Games. The company is looking to position itself favorably in other markets outside of films and theme parks. This is where we may see that innovation, but many fans are skeptical about Disney's foray into the AI sector. Making streaming profitable is still a massive priority for the company, and that's why they brought in a second in command, Dana Walden, who has a strong background in film business, unlike tomorrow. But Disney likely won't be straying from what is guaranteed to make them money. That means fewer new and original movies and shows and instead a focus on proven franchises through sequels and spin-offs. By going with tried andrue titles, Disney also renews interest in current park IP. And it's way easier to add a new character to a pre-existing land as opposed to build a whole new thing. And then there's the word on all Disney parks fans lips, affordability. We've recently seen PepsiCo cutting prices on chips to appease consumers, but could we see Disney follow suit? We're starting to see the groundwork for this movement with the down payment for Florida annual passes dropping in price and Disney testing the waters on future annual pass renewal discounts. It's likely that we'd see price breaks in the form of deals and discounts rather than outright price reductions when it comes to the theme parks. Dear doesn't break rules. He optimizes the system that the rules are a part of. The Walt Disney Company is a welloiled machine with a few pinch points and lots of opportunity to expand and generate more revenue. Dear's history indicates that he seeks out opportunity rather than innovation, tapping into proven money makers and doing it better than the competition. Disney has some strong competition when it comes to streaming, video games, and AI, and tomorrow has some big shoes to fill. So, time will tell if this company's strategy pays off or if the fans eventually want something new. While Josh Demoral's rise to CEO isn't really surprising for those of us following Disney for years, it will be very interesting to see what direction he takes the company and what changes we may see in the theme parks going forward. If you want to be the first to know about the latest breaking Disney news, be sure to sign up for our free newsletter. The link is right down in the description. Those subscribers get the news in their inbox as soon as we have it. And let us know in the comments if you're excited or apprehensive about the new tomorrow Disney era. Thanks for listening, everyone. And thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog, and we'll see you real soon.
