---
video_id: 5w22346CT-I
channel: DFBGuide
title: "What First-Time Disney World Visitors Always Get Wrong"
published: 2026-03-18
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5w22346CT-I
---
Welcome to Disney World, a place where dreams come true and major mistakes happen. Wait, hold up. That doesn't sound right. Let's fix those things that first time guests always get wrong before it's too late. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Vlog. I am so excited for you. It's finally happening. You're finally getting the full Disney World experience. Just let that sink in because that's a big deal. Huge. But what's also a big deal is making sure that what you do inside Disney World once you're there is going to help your trip instead of hurt it. Which is why today we're taking some common firsttime mistakes and nipping them in the bud for you. Early theme park entry is a glorious thing. This is a perk available for all Disney hotel guests, giving you the chance to visit any theme park on any day 30 minutes before the parks open for the general public. aka people not staying at a Disney owned hotel. So, let's say you want to take advantage of this perk, as you should. It's not enough to get to the park right as that 30 minutes of extra time starts up, though, because you also have to think about walking across the parking lot and walking through security and then getting up to the tap style after that along with everyone else who wants to use their early theme park entry perk. Plus, everyone who's just getting in line early for the parks in general to be there when they open. Not to mention, if you're trying to use early theme park entry for your Magic Kingdom day and you also decided to drive yourself to Magic Kingdom instead of take one of the Disney buses, then you've got the added challenge of parking at the transportation and ticket center first, then having to take either the Montreal or the ferry boat just to reach the park's front gates, which could take up your whole early entry theme park time just for that journey alone. What I'm trying to say is don't accidentally squander your early theme park entry perk by assuming you can just park and walk right into the front park gates as soon as the clock strikes early entry the way you maybe could at other theme parks. There will be lines, there will be crowds, there might even be extra setbacks, like if for some reason the metal tin of mints you forgot to take out of your bag sets off the security sensors and you got to be pulled over to a different line for a more thorough bag check. Trust me, it's better to be early for early theme park entry than on time. And heaven forbid, late. In general, Disney's free transportation services, which I'll talk about more in the next point, tend to open up about 45 minutes before early theme park entry begins, besides the Skyliner, which opens 1 hour before early theme park entry time. And I would absolutely recommend boarding that free transportation you've got at your disposal just as soon as they start taking passengers for the day. That way, you can get over to the front gates ASAP and have a little safety net to work with, which will help you take full advantage of that early entry benefit. One of the great things about being inside the Disney World bubble is that despite this whole place being the size of San Francisco, no, literally, you don't have to drive yourself around or pay extra to get ride shares if you don't want to. You can always rely on Disney's free transportation services. buses, boats, Skyliner, gondilas, Montreal trains, even walking paths depending on your starting point or destination. But if you're a late night party person and you're planning on perhaps dancing the night away at Atlantic Dance Hall on the boardwalk, which stays open until 1:00 a.m., or you're planning on having a couple of enchanted drinks over at Trader Sam's Gro Grotto in Polynesian Village Resort, which stays open till midnight, then it's crucial that you know when Disney's transportation services are going to stop because it's not going to pull an allnighter for you. And a lot of people get this wrong. We have a whole free Disney World transportation guide if you want to pick that up from disneyfoodblog.com/transport after this. It'll give you all the details you need. But transportation tends to stop running 1 hour after the parks and Disney Springs Shopping District close. Besides the Epcot Montreal, which will run for two hours after Epcot closes, if you're at a park that's doing extended evening hours, which is a deluxe hotel perk, giving those guests an extra 2 hours in certain parks, transportation will continue to run from that park for one more hour after extended evening hours wraps up. So, you don't have to worry about being stranded at the parks for taking advantage of your hotel benefits. However, I will throw a little caveat in here. Not all of the transportation might be running. For example, I was at extended evening hours at Disney's Hollywood Studios. I expected to take the Skyliner back to my Epcot area resort and it was not running and so I had to take a bus back to the Epcot area resort that I was headed to. So that was kind of a surprise. For the most part, missing Disney transportation probably won't be something you run into since your night owl tendencies might dissolve as soon as you accomplish that first 20,000 step park day. But if you do happen to miss it, that's why having a ride share budget saved is going to come in very handy. Those paid services are 24/7. Thank goodness for Disney mobile order. How did we survive without it back in ye olden days? Mobile Order is available at pretty much any Disney World quick service or fast food restaurant, except for some of the third-party options around Disney Springs. This gives you the chance to use your free My Disney Experience app to order fast food versus having to stand in line for it and order in person. Then when your food's ready for you, you just head over to the designated mobile order window at said restaurant and pick it up and start chowing down. Super easy. But mobile ordering in Disney World isn't like the digital kiosks that you'll find at your local Mickey D's where you'll order and the food is just ready to pick up when it's prepared. When you go to place a mobile order for Disney World, you'll choose your preferred pickup time, either for right then and there or for later in the day. But no matter what return window you select, you have to let the restaurant know when you arrive. That way, they can make sure to prepare your food fresh. Typically, the I'm here, prepare my order button will pop up on the My Disney Experience app about 5 minutes before your mobile order time frame begins. But if you forget to press that button during your mobile order pickup window, your mobile order will disappear on you before you get the chance to pick up your food. Yep, you got to tell them that you're there or they won't start making your food. Thankfully, there is a way to get it back. Simply tap on the three horizontal lines there in the bottom right corner and select the order food option. You should be able to find your order history there, waiting on you to claim it. As long as it hasn't been too long past your return window expiring, you should be able to take your mobile order up to the restaurant's mobile order pickup counter and have the cast members there help you get everything squared away. But we often tell folks, don't forget to tell the restaurant that you're there. They won't just make your food on time. You have to let them know you're there to pick it up. Some of my favorite Disney World days are, honest to goodness, the ones where I hop around between hotels and never even go to a Disney park. Anyone is free to visit the Disney World hotels. You don't even have to be staying at a Disney-owned hotel during your trip, period. And you can still visit them. You're still allowed to dine and shop and take part in a resort's various activities. But there are a few catches you'll need to keep in mind before you start resort hopping. First, the big one. The only folks who are allowed to park their cars at one of the Disney hotels are the people who are actually staying at the hotel itself, as well as the people who've made advanced dining reservations for one of the resort restaurants. So, if you've booked a hotel room over at the value level Pop Century Resort, for instance, then you'll be able to keep your car parked there, but you're not going to be able to park your car at say the Grand Fian or Caribbean Beach. Now, there will be people out there and there will probably be comments on this video with people saying that they were able to park just fine at a resort they weren't staying at. But not leading you astray here. The official Disney rules say that you can't do this. And more and more and more they are cracking down on this rule. So, I wouldn't gamble. This actually happened to a friend of mine not too long ago. We had a reservation, a dining reservation at the Contemporary. I was already parked for the dining reservation. They wouldn't let her come in and park her car because her specific name was not on the reservation. So, she couldn't even park her car. Ended up having to go back home and we never got to have dinner together, literally. So, this does happen. So, you don't want to kind of assume that you're going to be able to park your car. Now, the easiest way to do this, to get from resort to resort without running into any issues, is by hopping on a resort bus over at the Disney Springs Shopping District or getting on a resort bus outside one of the Disney theme parks or taking the Montreal or the Skyline or the boats or other free Disney transportation over to one of the neighboring hotels. On the Montreal, you can easily make a loop around to Polynesian Village Resort, Contemporary, and Grand Fidian. On the Skyliner, you can fly on over to resorts like Art of Animation, Pup Century, Riviera, Caribbean Beach, and the three Epcot area resorts, as well as Swan and Dolphin. Another important caveat to keep in mind, though, while you're able to do like 90% of the things in a resort without booking a room, you will not be able to swim in a resort pool or use the fitness centers while you're just visiting. Those remain resort guest only features to keep them from getting too crowded. Want to know how to plan the perfect Disney World Day with no park ticket purchases and all Disney Springs and hotel hopping activities only? Just scan the QR code you see on the screen right now or click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/ resort day after this and we'll send you our nonpark day at Disney World quick guide today. And by the way, that's totally free. Okay, maybe sometimes this works in your favor, especially if you have a super chill out kid, but you know your kids better than anyone. Disney World is super fun, but it's also going to mess with everyone's schedules. And if you've got a kid who's a real stick to the script sort of child, then messing with their morning routines and meal times and afternoon naps and bedtimes is really going to throw them off. And that might just not be worth it for you. It doesn't matter how many times Mickey gives you a high five or you get to wave at the winking hippo and it's a small world. A messed up sleep routine could really make or break a kid's day in a way they can't even fully wrap their heads around. Even the kids who are generally good noodles might fall into an afternoon meltdown after one too many attempted and failed naps in the stroller. So, it's hard to completely stick to your schedule that you follow back home when you're in the middle of a Disney World vacation. I totally get that. But it's also important to stick with it as much as you can for your sanity's sake. Try to keep meal times the same or pack snacks in your park bag if you know things are going to run a bit later. Find a nice quiet area for a quick afternoon catnap. The free baby care centers in each of the parks are great for that. And try to pace out your park days as much as possible. Maybe even splitting up a park like Magic Kingdom into two or more days so you don't have to push those little feet to their limit all in one go. Some folks will just get in a line cuz it's long and it's there. I know that sounds weird, but it's very true. People panic. They just notice that everybody's getting in line for something and suddenly they feel like if they're not doing the same thing, then they must be doing something wrong. That's why you'll see families piling into the Tron light cycle run line over in Magic Kingdom, even when it's spiked up to a wild 200 plus minute wait. I even see this sort of thing happen at the start of the day when people are all gathering around the front gates to get in line for the entrance tap styles. So many folks will just get in line for the middle tap styles even though the ones on the far edges are much less crowded. It's all herd mentality, but that's easier to combat than you think. We recently released a video talking about how Disney World is packed. But just to give you a few examples on how to avoid being a sheep and instead take on Disney World to the beat of your own drum and avoid the most crowds. One, find out if the merch location you're in has a mobile checkout. The My Disney Experience app has a merchandise mobile checkout feature for the most popular Disney gift shops on site. Press the button and scroll through the store list to see if you can find the store you're in. The app will walk you through the rest of the checkout process from there. Just make sure all your payment information is linked to your Disney profile beforehand. Two, consider using those lightning lanes. You may not want to hear it, but it is the truth. If you want a surefire way to bypass major ride lines all day long, you'll want to invest in multiass or single pass lightning lanes, or both. Multi passes give you lightning lane access for over 40 attractions in Disney World, while single passes cost per person per ride and give you all cart lightning lanes access to the most popular rides in the park. You can refer to our free Lightning Lane catchall guide over at disneyfoodblog.com/multipass for a complete list of Lightning Lane rules and price changes and best executed strategies. And three, keep an eye on weight times before you reach the attraction. The wait times and shows times board via the My Disney Experience app will let you see current and forecasted wait times for rides and other experiences, so you can figure out the best time to get in a certain Q- line during the day. I'd recommend getting an early start and checking out wait times before your trip kicks off. That way, you've already got a good feel for when certain ride lines tend to drag more than others. And of course, you're in the right place. Watching us here at DFB Guide is absolutely going to help you not be a sheep and instead do everything according to best practices of the experts. Us. We're there every single day, man. We don't want to wait in those lines either. So, we're going to help you understand the best ways to avoid them. We're not going to make you wait an hour for Haunted Mansion because you got in line just following everybody else right after the parade. Not on our watch. The DFP team and I have a lot of different opinions on stuff, but the one thing that remains the same for all of us is we all have some sort of horror story about sore, aching, throbbing feet after a full Disney day. And many of those stories are gathered up from our earlier Disney years. And they all have to do with wearing the wrong shoes. Now, don't get me wrong, I still end up getting blisters in Disney World. There's always new ways to do this. But the easiest way to keep yourself from getting blisters and having feet issues in Disney World is to be wearing the right shoes. So, we've had reporters who've been caught in those torrential Orlando downpours and then had to walk around in soggy socks all day or even worse soggy sandals, which if they're rubbing the wrong way on certain parts of your feet, that is absolutely a blister in the making. We've had writers who wore flip flops or Tomms with no arch support, which caused sore feet, not just for the end of the night, but for the rest of the vacation. We've had editors who purchase brand new shoes only to learn that those shoes rub their heels the wrong way, causing major blisters by lunchtime. We've had graphic designers pack up their old reliable sneakers that they've worn diligently for years and years and years, only to have them fully fall apart by day two. And I personally have walked around the parks before with I guess maybe too much arch support. I don't know. I have to wear heels in Disney World sometimes for media events and for other meetings that I'm having. And oh my word, y'all, when you realize you're late for a meeting and you have to run across the entirety of Epcot and those shoes are rubbing you the wrong way, especially if you're wearing heels, it was just agonizing. I ended up having to buy flip flops and like five pairs of socks and just layer them on because I couldn't walk because of the blisters. Anyway, the moral here, what you pack shoewise is probably the most important article of clothing you're going to pack for your trip. So, really, really, really think about your footwear carefully. You want to Goldilocks those shoes. You don't want them too old. You don't want them too new. You want a pair that's just right. Even if you do need a newer pair of shoes before your trip, break them in before you start slapping them across Disney pavement. So, take your dog for a bunch of walks in them or jog on your treadmill with them. Make laps around your local mall with them. Just make sure to use them first. Maybe get like a 100,000 steps on those babies before you pack them. Also, make sure to pack multiple pairs of shoes so you're not just relying on one pair for all trip long. That's what saved me when I got all those blisters is that I had a different pair of shoes I could wear which weren't rubbing in the wrong places where I already had blisters so I could actually wear those for the next couple of days. Okay, I wish I was kidding about Barf Alley. For everyone who's brand new to this channel, here's the truth behind what the DFB team and I have appropriately deemed as Barf Alley. Inside Epcot's World Discovery Area, there are two rides next to each other that spin. The first is Guardians of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind. Now, this coaster is less about spinning for the sake of spinning and more about spinning for the sake of seeing everything that's going on around you. Regardless, the mix of spinning and screen projections and backwards momentum and helix twists can be a recipe for an upset stomach. It's why even though I love this ride, I cannot ride it twice in a row. Sometimes I'll even skip it if I haven't eaten already that day just cuz I know myself and I know when a ride like that is going to cause my mouth to pull up with saliva and cause me to book it to the nearest bathroom. Yes, it has happened to me many a time. The second spinny ride here in Barf is Mission Space. Now, there are two versions of Mission Space. The green version is the less intense one that doesn't do any spinning. But the orange version, now this makes Cosmic Rewind spinning look more like the slowly rotating garden grill restaurant over in the land pavilion. You will spin and you will spin fast inside an enclosed capsule that's dark and has a screen showing how you're blasting off into space. When I say this thing is intense, even Disney knows it. They literally provide barf bags in the ride capsules just in case. So yeah, that's Barf Alley for you. Tons of fun, but also complete day ruiners if you're not careful. So, if you want to try for either or both of these rides, but you know your stomach has a tendency to hate you for things like that, be sure to pack some non-drowsy Dramamine or those motion sickness patches before your trip and start taking them a couple of days before you ride. Also, be sure to take a break between these rides instead of hitting up one after the other immediately, which could increase your chances of turning your stomach. And remember, each of the Disney World parks also has first aid stations you can visit if you need free sample sized over-the-counter meds, like motion sickness medicine, just in case you forgot to pack yours. Now, here is a piece of advice from actual astronauts that have trained on those G forces the same way that Mission Space is kind of created and based on. They said, "Eat a banana before you ride." Currently creating a budget for your Disney World vacation. Awesome. It's so good to lay out how much you need to save when it comes to hotels and tickets and restaurants and flights and, you know, souvenirs. Oh, and food. It's only right to take a few Disney pins home, right? And treat your family to a few snacks. Now, we've even created free Disney World budgeting worksheets that any of y'all can use anytime you want, which you'll find over at disneyfoodblog.com/discoplans. As you can see, we love giving away freebies. But here's the thing about budgeting. If you only budget for the main stuff, you might still be under budgeting without realizing it. Hidden costs will sneak up on you in Disney World. For example, you may need to rent something right as you enter the park or you officially start your day, like a stroller, a wheelchair, ECV, locker. You'll definitely want to give gratuitities to your restaurant servers and hotel housekeepers. Remember those ride share costs I mentioned earlier? Yep, definitely going on to save for any impromptu premium rides. And you never know when you might need to splurge on something for emergency purposes, like a new tire or an extra night in your hotel if your flight gets postponed or canceled or missed for whatever reason. I've had to do both of these. We've got more hidden costs that we lay out for you during our other hidden costs videos. We've got a couple of them, but the most important takeaway right now is that you should always create a safety net budget just in case an extra splurge you weren't expecting to pay for suddenly pops up during your vacation. My rule of thumb is usually to budget an extra $100 to $200 over what I think I'm going to spend during my trip. But you'll want to adjust that based on what's going to feel like the biggest weight off of your shoulders and how many people you're going with. Okay, listen. You may think you're not going to be one of those folks who keeps pulling out their phone in the middle of their Disney World vacation, but after multiple pictures and videos and FaceTime calls to show grandma and grandpa the Cinderella Castle, mindless social media scrolls while you're waiting in ride lines, and My Disney Experience uses for mobile orders, waittime updates, and more. Mixed in with the intense heat that no electronic device really fancies, you're going to be shocked to see how quickly your phone battery drains. That's why you're going to need to bring portable batteries, charging cords, charging phone cases, whatever you want to use. Bring it in your park bag for when your phone starts getting desperate for the jaws of life. Some of our favorite portable charging banks that we've been using around the parks lately include the Anker Nano portable charger for iPhone if you're looking for something lightweight, the Juu Life handheld if you're looking for a charger and a flashlight and a portable fan allin-one, and the Anker magnetic portable charger if you're looking for a wireless option. Just keep in mind that it's still a good idea to bring a charging cord even if you're carrying around a cordless charger just because several of Disney's restaurants and lounges and hotels, even the occasional tree stump, like you'll find in Magic Kingdom's Tangled area, have freeto use outlets that'll save you from having to use precious portable battery life. Forgot to bring a portable charger? This is another one of those hidden fees you're going to want to save for since Disney does have fuel rod kiosks stationed around the parks that you can use to juice up your phone on the fly. But these fuel rods can be a little costly, especially the new fuel rod Max 10, which costs 80 bucks for the initial kit. But once you buy the fuel rod, you'll be able to swap it out for free at any other fuel rod kiosk for a new fully charged one. I know that Mickey pretzels and Mickey premium bars are iconic and probably the two most pictured items you'll see advertised along with a Disney World vacation, but you guys, there are so many more snacks in Disney World just waiting for you to discover them. Let me show you some of our favorites that we highlight in our DFB snack guide bundles. In Epcot, you can find some impressive internationally inspired snacks like fresh caramel delicacies at Caramel Lusha. Everything there is good, ice cream macaroons at Lardis Gloss in France, and the school bread filled with vanilla custard and dipped in coconut at Kringa Bakery Og Cafe in Norway. In Hollywood Studios, you got some red carpet snack winners like the car cookie from Trolley Car Cafe. This is my boyfriend. Ronto wraps. Think Intergalactic Hot Dog but better from Ronto Roers. And the Play-Doh cookie, which is a funfetti sugar cookie topped with an iced animal cracker from the Joffre Kiosk in Pixar Plaza. In Animal Kingdom, the snacks get adventurous with stuff like the Night Blossom frozen non-alcoholic drink at Pangu Pangu, the loaded baked mac and cheese bowls at Eight Spoon Cafe, and Mr. Kimal's seasoned fries with Sriracha mayo dipping sauce on the side. In Magic Kingdom, I tend to rely on sweet and savory favorites like the cheeseburger spring rolls at the Adventureland spring roll cart, creme brulee croissant from Gaston's Tavern, or a mac and cheese hand pie from Frier's Nook. Now, I was scouring through our snack guides to pick out snacks I wanted to feature in this section of the video, and I literally lost track of time just looking at everything. So, between you and me, I've spent way too much time on this section of the script. But if you want to walk through all the different snack locations and kiosks and quick services and you name it and see literally pictures of every single snack in Disney World because you know we've had them all multiple times. Be sure to pick up our DFB snack bundles over at dfbstore.com. It's really fun to look through these cuz it's just giant fullcolor pictures of snacks all day long. Now don't forget to type in code YouTube before you check out for a discount. I know the bundles are already discounted as is, but I do appreciate y'all being here. So, more discounts for you, okay? So, you will want everything to go according to plan during your Disney World vacation, but it won't. It never does. It doesn't for me, and I go there all the time, and I know all the tricks and all the planning tools and all of that stuff. So, this is just me telling you to cut yourself some slack. I have yet to take a Disney World trip where I was able to accomplish every single thing I set out to accomplish. And yet, here I am still loving Disney because of all the things I am able to do when I visit. Disney's a lot and things will happen that'll force you to toss some of your original plans aside for the sake of other stuff or for the sake of your sanity in general, your family sanity. Just make sure to factor in those plan B plans and never be afraid to deviate from your OG itinerary if you need to. Usually the deviations are when you get to live out some of the best vacation stories anyways. So go easy on yourself. You're doing the planning right now. You're in the right place. You're watching our videos. You're going to have a great trip. And as long as you reconcile yourself to the fact that not everything's going to be perfect and you're still going to have a great time anyways, things are going to be perfect. See what I did there? Yeah. So, this is just the beginning of your vacation planning. If you're ready to keep on rolling, be sure to check out some of our other Disney World planning videos next, like 50 easy tricks for your 2026 Disney World vacation. And don't forget to download one of our free guides if you haven't already, like our nonpark Disney World Day guide over at disneyfoodblog.com/ resortday. Thanks for listening, everyone, and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog, and we'll see you real soon.
