---
video_id: yRIg3b6APeI
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Surprising NEW Disney World Restaurant Changes"
published: 2026-02-12
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yRIg3b6APeI
---
We blinked and suddenly Disney World's restaurants were completely different. So get ready for a roundup of the latest changes, including the good, the really good, the slightly upsetting, and the totally unexpected. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog, and this is the part of the video where I tell you that Disney World restaurants are consistently inconsistent. Right? as the only thing that's consistent about Disney World restaurants is that they're always changing. And you chuckle to yourself and you think, "Okay, AJ, but how different can theme park restaurants really be?" Well, [music] guess what? We're about to find out. Launching in with a brand new restaurant coming to Disney Springs. So, Gideon's Bake House is the most popular dessert stop in all of Disney Springs. The line can be 4 hours long to get in here. But now, the owners of Gideonss are about to embark on a new food adventure and a much more savory one at that. Six Ravens will be opening in the landing this year, just a few doors down from Gideon's Bake House. Now, this menu is going to feature all new offerings, including potatoes. What? Local draft beer, a few desserts, cuz they just can't help themselves. And these hand pies called coffins, which will be house-made yeast rolls stuffed with savory fillings created in partnership with other Central Florida chefs. So, bringing in like James and Julie Petraus from The Polite Pig, etc. We don't know too much more about this one, but I'm very excited to see savory options from Gideon's Bake House or the folks who run Gideon's Bake House, that's going to be kind of exciting. Now, whenever we learn about the official opening date for Six Ravens, or really whenever we learn the official opening date for anything happening around Disney World, we add it to our free 12-month Disney World calendar, which you can access anytime you want to be informed and stay informed about the things happening around Disney World. To get a link to that calendar, just scan the QR code you see on the screen now, or click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/wdwcalendar after this. All right, this one's been a long time coming. On March 19th, 2026, Grand Fian Resort's Garden View Lounge will finally reopen after six long years of dark indeno. But is anything going to be drastically different when it opens? Yes. For starters, the tea room has been rethemed with Alice and Wonderland inspired touches from the loung's decor to the cute little teac cakes and very Marian birthday vibes. And as far as the whole tea experience is concerned, Disney's partnering with Twinings to select premium tea blends with options like London Strand breakfast, spicy chai, nutty chocolate flavored Assam black tea, the caffeine-free black currant and lavender herbal tea, as well as a Disney World exclusive flavor called orangeery of Lady Gray. A unique black tea featuring bright orange notes with what looks like it's probably going to be a little base of Earl Grey, but a lighter Earl Grey. There'll be a couple cocktail options available for you to order as well, but really tea is the main name of the game here. Along with your tea experience, you'll also receive three tiers of sweet and savory bites. And if you're feeling extra fancy, you can try one of the enhancement options, too, like the seasonal cheese selection or the royal oretra caviar with mini chai biscuits and traditional accompaniments. But what about the kiddos? Back before the Garden View Lounge closures, there was a full tea experience just for kids that you could book. lots of singing and dancing and storytelling and visits from Sleeping Beauty. But it seems the lounge is going to pull away from all of that for now. Maybe not forever, but at least for now. And instead, they're going to offer up a children's afternoon tea featuring adorable bites, including savory minis like the Queen of Hearts Cheese Toasty, a fanciful turkey wrap, and a sunflower seed butter and jelly bun. For dessert, there'll be a cheshure cat raspberry macaron, the chocolate brownie branch, and a vanilla white rabbit cupcake. [music] To the surprise of nobody, expect this tea experience to be an investment. Prices for the tea experience, not including optional enhancements or cocktails and champagne, starts at $79 for adults and $49 for children ages 3 to nine. So, let's rip off the first band-aid of many in today's video. At the start of the year, it was announced that every Sprinkles Cupcake location everywhere would be closed for good on January 1st. Our DFB reporting team was a bit in denial about that. But of course, our first stop in Disney Springs in the new year was the old Sprinkle storefront just to see if the news was true. And sure enough, it was closed. Now, just because our denial was running deep that day, we had a slight glimmer of hope that maybe this was going to be a temporary thing since the sign on the door said closed for today, not forever. But we soon realized that Sprinkles had put that sign out because they literally had no other option. The closure announcement was that out of the blue that they had to use what they had on hand. So long sprinkles. I'll miss your cupcake ATM and frosting shots, but I'm sure another business will be ready to take over this baked goods former location in the near future. We'll just have to wait and see. Now, we got a lot of surprising restaurant changes to tackle in today's video, not unlike that random Sprinkles closure. But I do want to mention that any and all changes that do happen across Disney World's dining scene are reflected in our DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining, which you can find on dfbstore.com. So, if you're on the hunt for the most up-to-date tips and tricks, reviews, and savings opportunities, you don't have to worry about our fully detailed guide giving you outdated information. Oh, and if you want to save extra money on our digital guides while you're at it, be sure to type in the promo code YouTube before you check out. It's a bird. It's a plane. No, it's another savory spring roll location. Toy Story Land in Hollywood Studios had all these construction walls up for a really long time, and we weren't quite sure why. We just knew we were sick of them. But the walls have come down, revealing a new popcorn and snacks kiosk. For the most part, this snack kiosk serves up those staple Disney World snacks we've come to know and rely on, like premium ice cream bars, frozen lemonades, churros, and popcorn. But the most noteworthy item featured here are the Pizza Planet spring rolls, stuffed with pepperoni and cheese and served with a side of marinara sauce. These are pretty much the exact same thing you can find at the Adventureland spring roll cart in Magic Kingdom. But the spring rolls served at popcorn and snacks come with an order of two pepperoni ones instead of one and one cheeseburger or two cheeseburgers or whatever. Just keep in mind that spring rolls aren't served until 10:30 a.m. each day, which is fine with me. I'll just grab some breakfast tacos over at the neighboring Woody's lunchbox first. What's this now? More Disney World snack stands? Don't mind if I do. Back in November last year, Tomorrowland opened up a new snack stand called Astro Fizz, which mainly sells the classic theme park stuff like popcorn and cotton candy, cinnamon glazed nuts, ices, and Mickey Premium bars. But there is a specialty item here, too, that you're not going to find anywhere else. The cherry cola churro. So, what's the verdict? Is this churro finally going to help Disney World compete against Disneyland's churros? No. However, it's not bad either. The vanilla is very subtle and the cherry is tart and definitely the most prominent feature. And the Coca-Cola drizzle is kind of strange on its own, but it's tasty and not super overwhelming when you eat it along with the churro. Oh, and the cherry popping candies on top. A nice touch and a great way to imitate that fizzy experience of drinking a soda. Polynesian Village Resort is going to pop up on today's list quite a bit, but let's start with what on earth is going on over at Ohana first. As of January 15th, portions of the exterior of the Polynesian Village started undergoing refurbishments. But like, when isn't Polynesian Village Resort undergoing some sort of refurb nowadays, right? Unfortunately, these particular refurbs are obstructing or at least partially obstructing depending on where you're seated. Ohana's window views that usually look out at Cinderella Castle and Seven Seas Lagoon, giving you a clear view of the Happily Ever After Fireworks if you time your reservations right. And that can be a giant bummer if one of the main reasons you wanted to dine here was for a dinner fireworks experience. We'll make sure to bring you more updates as construction continues to take place, and we'll let you know when the reverb obstructions finally ease up. But in the meantime, you definitely have better dinner and fireworks views at the other Montreal Resort restaurants like Narcus at the Grand Fian and California Grill at the Contemporary. Or if you don't want to leave Polynesian Village Resort, Wulu Bar and Grill can also continue giving you those fireworks views too over at the Disney Vacation Club Island Tower. Dude, the France Pavilion over in Epcot is like fine wine. It just keeps getting better over time. But how has it improved lately? by offering up giant sweet and savory snack options that are just as tasty as they are I don't know shocking. Back in October 2025, Leel Balerie Petisserie introduced us to their new crosa. Seriously, this thing was nearly as big as our reporter's head when she tried it. They told us that there's enough dough in here to make nine croissants. Now, it's the same delicious, buttery, flaky croissant dough you normally get at Leol, only super sized and chocolate dipped. Nothing offensive about that. Just beware, people will stop you and ask you where you got it. And even more recently, crepes are imported offering up the leete crepe, which translates to the beast crepe. This dude's aptly named because yeah, it's a beast. All right, a savory beast filled with cheese, mushrooms, ham, and arugula. The real star of the show, though, is the cheese. And yeah, I know that's what you expect AJ Wolf to say, but hear me out. There's a layer of cheese that gets baked right on top of the gallette, creating a super crunchy, tangy crust and adding the most satisfying texture to every bite. Brace yourselves, gang. My wonderful, glorious, tender, juicy, beautiful, whatever other adjectives you want to add to describe them as prime rib sliders are gone. Or at least they will be very, very soon depending on when you watch this video. Cruise Cup Lounge will be closing for refurbishment on February 23rd and isn't slated to reopen until May 2026. Now, I don't know what changes Disney's planning on making to this place, but as long as they bring back my prime rib sliders safe and sound, I'll be okay cuz I already lost them once before after co and I'm not ready to lose them again. Also, around the same time, I'm assuming as Cruise Cups reopening, by the way, this is um at Yach Club we're talking about. I know it was in the headline, but I didn't say it yet in the script. You can blame Bria for that. The attached Yachtsman steakhouse will close sometime in May for a refresh and is expected to reopen in August 2026. Look, update these locations as you will, Disney, and add takeaway menu items as you see fit. But if you cut my beloved prime rib sliders, we are going to have to have a talk you and me. Okay, I got to stop thinking about prime rib sliders because it's really stressing me out. So, let's go back to talking about all those Polynesian resort changes again. Trader Sam's Grog Grotto is a bar and lounge hidden inside Polynesian Village. And I promise this is a good change. Previously, you'd have to wait until 300 p.m. to try hopping onto the walk up wait list for this place, and it didn't take reservations, but the hours here have recently changed. Now, you can get into the Grog Grtrot 4 hours earlier from 11:00 a.m. to 12:00 a.m. Just keep in mind that if you want to come here after 8:00 p.m., then all your guests have to be 21 and over to enter. But before 8, families are welcome. Now, this is a really, really popular place, which is why we're so excited they're adding an extra 4 hours. But you still will probably need to get over there during a non busy time. Don't try to like get in there at 700 p.m. without having quite a long wait. Now, we're not done with Polynesian Village yet. We've still got another big change to tell you about. Why Lulu Bar and Grill located at the Disney Vacation Club Island Tower features great views across 7C's Lagoon, breakfast, lunch, and dinner options, and one of the best burgers on property, the Wayfinder Burger. When this bar opened at the end of 2024, it was first come, first serve. But just this past December, W Lulu started taking advanced dining reservations to help secure your spot here before you go instead of gambling on a seat and hoping for the best. This is really great because you can't get into Wulu's parking lot unless you have a room key or a reservation. There's not even a security stand here. So, you kind of just have to use your Magic Mobile or your Magic Band or your room key or something. it has to recognize that you can get in in order to even get in. So, that's really great that now they're offering reservations so you don't have to sort of like totally gamble, try to get a parking spot over at Polynesian Village or take a bus over and maybe or maybe not get into Hulu. Very exciting. Now, Disney doesn't just update its menu items regularly. It also updates its prices. Now, on average, we usually see Disney do this wave of menu price increases twice a year. Once at the start of the new year and another one around Octoberish. Now, the second price overhaul, that October one, is usually when we see thousands and thousands of price increases take place across every menu. And while price increases tend to only bump up items by a few cents or dollars, you take into account that thousands of items have been impacted and suddenly your dining budget wasn't prepared for such a dent. If you're planning on going to Disney World this year during or after October, brace your vacation budget for these kinds of sneaky price spikes. Create a safety net budget, like saving an extra$100 to $200 for food, just in case you need to dip into it if the cost of things drains your trip savings a little faster than you thought it would. Happens every year. Okay. Disney Springs refuses to slow down with the changes, but one of the biggest changes we're on pins and needles about is level 99. The former home of both Disney Quest, Rust Its Soul, and the NBA Experience, NH, didn't have enough time to bond with that one, will soon be home to a new tenant, Level 99. This is an interactive social entertainment experience known for its highly immersive challenge rooms, and the location at Springs will be Level 99's fifth location overall, but it's first ever in Florida. So, why is an immersive arcade experience on today's restaurant changes list? Because level 99 is also going to feature dining with a chef crafted menu, including this arcade's award-winning Detroit style pizza. And we know per the release of this video that Level 99 should be opening sometime in 2026. So, we'll keep you on the loop when we learn more. We've never really hidden the fact that Coral Reef Restaurant in Epcot isn't exactly our favorite place to dine in Disney World, though I know several people who've really enjoyed their experiences at the seafood establishment, which I love to hear. But we've got to bring this one to your attention today because Coral Reef has recently taken away its lunch hours and is just focusing on serving dinner [music] instead. Is that going to be the case for all of 2026? Well, maybe it's at least the case for Coral Reef for now. So, if you were wanting to dine in this aquarium surrounded establishment during your next Epcot visit, plan to book a meal here for the evening time between 4:00 and 9:00 p.m. If you were to ask me, AJ, which Disney World park has had the most drastic restaurant changes lately, I would without hesitation say Animal Kingdom. [music] No contest. But a good portion of that has to do with the fact that an entire land in this park along with all its food locations is now shuttered permanently. Fair thee well, Dino Land USA. You have been good to us. And honestly, I loved Dino Land, so I'm very, very sad. But we are bidding it ado as the new PBLO Espironza Tropical America's area starts to take shape and is slated to open in 2027. Now, with this tropical America's themed land, we're not only getting new attractions themed around Encanto and Indiana Jones, but we'll also be getting a classic Spanish style large hosienda that will serve as one of the largest quicks service restaurants in Disney World, which is really exciting. But have Dinoand USA's Eats been completely wiped off the map, or is there some sort of lingering impact from this prehistoric snack [music] scene? Well, in a surprising turn of events, Harambe Market over in the Africa section of the park has decided to continue Restaurantosaurus' legacy. And by continue it, I mean offer up classic theme park eats like cheeseburgers and chicken strips and salads and a few more unique options like the Harissa chicken wrap and the souped-up Kuba cookie. Harambe Market was slated to reopen on March 1st, but it reopened early and is available to eat at right now. We of course went to check out the new food scene shortly after Harambe's reopening, and it's certainly not the most exciting meal of the park, but it'll feed you. Our favorite item was honestly the cookie, which was made with chocolate cream cookies, potato chips, M&M's, and some incredible douls de leche. While I'll still probably prefer picking up a dessert from Zuri's sweet shop over ordering this again, kiddos are going to get a kick out of this [music] one. Harambe Market won't be the same as Restaurantosaurus in all its paleontology theming, but we'll take what we can get to hang on to the memories. Meanwhile, over at Eight Spoon Cafe in Discovery Island, a version of the Buffalo chicken chips that I used to love picking up from Trilobyte Snacks back in the day is now available. The only problem is that as of right now, the snack uses like a classic bag chip base instead of those homemade chips that are a whole lot fresher and more sturdy. But let's be real here. If I'm visiting Eight Spoon Cafe, nine out of 10 times I'm really here for the loaded mac and cheese. Anyways, the members of the Toy Story gang are finally getting their own character dining experience. Kind of maybe. Can you guess where? Cuz if you guessed Roundup Rodeo Barbecue in Hollywood Studios, which is a whole Toy Story themed restaurant, you would be wrong because they're actually apparently coming to the Diamond Horseshoe in Magic Kingdom in honor of Cool Kid summer, which makes zero sense. Now, to be fair, we're still not sure if this is going to be an actual character dining experience or if Jesse and the crew are going to take over Diamond Horseshoe kind of temporarily for lots of crafting and dancing and yodelling fun, minus the all you care to enjoy food. We've asked a lot of cast members who've gotten all different answers. But either way, it's taking place in a restaurant. Therefore, it's going to be a major restaurant change that'll probably last throughout the whole duration of Cool Kids summer from May 26th to September 8th. But we'll let you know once we learn more about that, y'all. Well, Disney World's snack scene has been on the move lately. So, let's take a look at some of the biggest snack changes that that have popped up over the last month or so. First up, the key lime pie pop is back once again on the Flame Tree barbecue menu over in Animal Kingdom. But don't expect it to stick around for too long. What we've noticed lately is that Flame Tree likes to switch out its pie/ cheesecake pops to fit in with the season. And while I wouldn't say that key lime is exactly a winter flavor by any means, something tells me this sweet treat is acting as a placeholder for whatever dessert on a stick decides to pop up next. Meanwhile, over at Marketplace Snacks in Disney Springs, three new savory bubble waffles have been added to the menu. This includes the hot honey chicken waffle, the cheeseburger waffle, and our personal favorite, the barbecue brisket mac and cheese waffle. Unfortunately, the addition of these three new waffles did take away the Donald, Goofy, and Pluto themed sweet waffles, which is a shame because the Goofy one was always our favorite, but you can still pick up Mickey and Minnie's sweet waffles to satisfy your sugar cravings. And then here's the big one for yours truly. Magic Kingdom recently updated the peanut butter cookie pie from the Main Street Confectionary to make it a peanut butter and jelly cookie pie. I mean, I'm going to have to order this one a few more times to really solidify my feelings about it since I'm still a little salty. that Magic Kingdom is trying to fix something that wasn't broken, but the jelly adds a nice fruity flavor profile to this super sweet treat, but I'll always choose chocolate over jelly. I don't know. This change also happened just before this video was set to release on the channel, so we had to add it in at the last second to fill you in on what's going on. But Bria and I have your back that way. Before, when you would go to book your advanced dining reservations, you were able to put in dietary and accessibility requests, which would give the restaurant a heads up if you're coming in with any allergies that they need to be aware of. And while the accessibility request is still on the app, it seems you're no longer able to select dietary requests before you book. Instead, you're going to be greeted with a message stating guests must notify their server about any allergyfriendly requests, etc., etc. Now, before this change, Disney servers would ask about any special diet information that they needed to know about before your meal, even if you already noted it in your dining reservation. But with this change, it's even more important to speak to your server about your dietary needs. On most Disney World menus, which you can typically find online or in the app, there should be a section dedicated to allergyfriendly options toward the bottom of the page. When it comes to allergyfriendly choices, these are going to be the meals that Disney chefs are most familiar with. And while you should always clarify special diets with your server, no matter what, these dishes can give you an idea of where to start when booking your meal to make sure there's going to be options available for you. And now we're coming to the point of the video where I'm going to tell you about some slightly older restaurant updates that could really impact your trip if you haven't visited for a while. Okay, number one, California Grill is now strictly a prefix restaurant. Back in the day, you could dine at the Contemporary Resort's signature restaurant in all cart fashion. But if you want to dine at this swanky spot now, you're gonna have to pay a prefix price, which is $99 per adult for a specialty three course meal. Or you could always try seeing if there's any walk up availability at the restaurant's bar. Bites are much more limited, of course, here, but you might be able to order an alle cart cheese board at the very least and still be able to take advantage of the fireworks views. Two, no more breakfast at Be Our Guest restaurant. Now, Be Our Guest has experienced lots of changes since it first opened in Magic Kingdom back in 2012. And while the restaurant is toyed with us when it comes to offering breakfast and brunch hours, as of right now, lunch and dinner are the only dining options available, and those are prefix, too. Three, only two Disney dining plan options are available right now. Disney brought back its prepaid dining plan service at the start of 2024, and while we're glad to see the option on the table, there are only two plans available currently. the standard plan and the quick service plan versus the four plans including the deluxe one that Disney used to offer before the co closures. So, if you're heading back to Disney for the first time in a while and you're thinking you're going to get the deluxe dining plan, nah, no, you're not. If you want to learn more about Disney's current dining plans, check out some of our Disney dining plan videos on the channel next. Or for a real deep dive to see if the plans are really going to be the right fit and save you money, pick up a digital copy of our maximizing the Disney dining plan guide over at dfbstore.com. Four cancellation policies have been updated. Once upon a time, not so very long ago, you would have to cancel most advanced dining reservations in Disney World at least 24 hours before your scheduled meal to avoid being charged any cancellation fees. But nowadays, you can cancel your dining reservations two hours in advance without any sort of no-show punishment. It is amazing, especially if you have a little kid that you just have no idea what they're going to do. [laughter] I had I had to pay so many cancellation fees when my son was a toddler and would just like decide to lose his mind. And we were well into the 24-hour cancellation fee time frame. Now, keep in mind that a few restaurants on property, like the real high-end ones like Victoria and Alberts and the Grand Fian, will have different cancellation policies from the norm. So, make sure to research your restaurant specific no-show penalties before you lock in those reservations. Okay, can you believe all these restaurant changes have happened just recently? Like, just imagine what the rest of the year has in store for us. Don't worry, though, you never have to be out of the loop. We are here to keep you informed and keep your dining plans looking sharp. So, go ahead and check out some of our other recent Disney World dining videos next, like our 50 restaurant secrets that only the pros know. And don't forget to download our free Disney World 12-month calendar over at disneyfoodblog.com/wdwcal. Thanks for listening, everyone, and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Foodblog, and we'll see you real soon.
