---
video_id: 4ABLRaUq-cE
channel: DFBGuide
title: "The Best Disney World Snacks for 2026"
published: 2026-01-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ABLRaUq-cE
---
It's time to take Disney World snacking It's time to take Disney World snacking It's time to take Disney World snacking to a whole new level. Today's DF video to a whole new level. Today's DF video to a whole new level. Today's DF video is all about the best snacks to try in is all about the best snacks to try in is all about the best snacks to try in the brand new favorites that have the brand new favorites that have the brand new favorites that have captured our hearts super fast. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. Now, when you come to the Disney Blog. Now, when you come to the Disney Blog. Now, when you come to the Disney World parks in 2026, you're going to World parks in 2026, you're going to World parks in 2026, you're going to want to get the best value for your want to get the best value for your want to get the best value for your dollar. And yes, that goes for the dollar. And yes, that goes for the dollar. And yes, that goes for the Disney World snacks, too. There are Disney World snacks, too. There are Disney World snacks, too. There are thousands of snacks to choose from thousands of snacks to choose from thousands of snacks to choose from around the parks, hotels, and Disney around the parks, hotels, and Disney around the parks, hotels, and Disney Springs. And we've eaten all of them. Springs. And we've eaten all of them. Springs. And we've eaten all of them. And while a lot of them are going to And while a lot of them are going to And while a lot of them are going to give you a great deal and a great give you a great deal and a great give you a great deal and a great flavor, you might spend your money on flavor, you might spend your money on flavor, you might spend your money on others and feel like you've made a huge others and feel like you've made a huge others and feel like you've made a huge mistake. I'm sad just thinking about it mistake. I'm sad just thinking about it mistake. I'm sad just thinking about it because like I said, we've eaten them because like I said, we've eaten them because like I said, we've eaten them all and a lot have been mistakes. And I all and a lot have been mistakes. And I all and a lot have been mistakes. And I don't want that to happen to you. That's don't want that to happen to you. That's don't want that to happen to you. That's why today's DF video is all about the why today's DF video is all about the why today's DF video is all about the top tier best bang for your buck snacks, top tier best bang for your buck snacks, top tier best bang for your buck snacks, including our classic favorites, as well including our classic favorites, as well including our classic favorites, as well as the new options that, as Dame Judy as the new options that, as Dame Judy as the new options that, as Dame Judy Dench would say, we happen to know Dench would say, we happen to know Dench would say, we happen to know about. We're going to start with about. We're going to start with about. We're going to start with breakfast, of course. Donuts. A great breakfast, of course. Donuts. A great breakfast, of course. Donuts. A great snack, a great dessert, a great snack, a great dessert, a great snack, a great dessert, a great breakfast allin-one multi-tool player. breakfast allin-one multi-tool player. breakfast allin-one multi-tool player. So, where can you get some of the best So, where can you get some of the best So, where can you get some of the best donuts the next time you're in Disney donuts the next time you're in Disney donuts the next time you're in Disney World? I will point you in the right World? I will point you in the right World? I will point you in the right direction. You'll count a Mickey Beignet direction. You'll count a Mickey Beignet direction. You'll count a Mickey Beignet as a donut, right? I mean, they're both as a donut, right? I mean, they're both as a donut, right? I mean, they're both sweet. They're both made out of fried sweet. They're both made out of fried sweet. They're both made out of fried dough and they're both worthy enough to dough and they're both worthy enough to dough and they're both worthy enough to be featured on a DFB best of snacks be featured on a DFB best of snacks be featured on a DFB best of snacks video. The Mickey beignetes from Scat video. The Mickey beignetes from Scat video. The Mickey beignetes from Scat Cats Club and Cafe in Port Orleans Cats Club and Cafe in Port Orleans Cats Club and Cafe in Port Orleans French Quarter Resort are golden pillows French Quarter Resort are golden pillows French Quarter Resort are golden pillows of delicious dough and happiness covered of delicious dough and happiness covered of delicious dough and happiness covered in powdered sugar, but they taste even in powdered sugar, but they taste even in powdered sugar, but they taste even better because they're Mickeyshaped. better because they're Mickeyshaped. better because they're Mickeyshaped. Mickey beignetes can come in their Mickey beignetes can come in their Mickey beignetes can come in their purest powdered sugar form, or you can purest powdered sugar form, or you can purest powdered sugar form, or you can order the seasonal exclusive flavors order the seasonal exclusive flavors order the seasonal exclusive flavors instead. And don't forget, they've even instead. And don't forget, they've even instead. And don't forget, they've even got those boozy beignes. If you head got those boozy beignes. If you head got those boozy beignes. If you head into the Scat Cats Club lounge, those into the Scat Cats Club lounge, those into the Scat Cats Club lounge, those will be available in the evenings. But will be available in the evenings. But will be available in the evenings. But what do we have that's new for you what do we have that's new for you what do we have that's new for you donut-wise? Well, Everglaze Donuts and donut-wise? Well, Everglaze Donuts and donut-wise? Well, Everglaze Donuts and Cold Brew, they're your go-to spot for Cold Brew, they're your go-to spot for Cold Brew, they're your go-to spot for all sorts of gourmet doughnut flavors in all sorts of gourmet doughnut flavors in all sorts of gourmet doughnut flavors in Disney Springs, right? And now, lots of Disney Springs, right? And now, lots of Disney Springs, right? And now, lots of those flavors stick around all year, but those flavors stick around all year, but those flavors stick around all year, but others change up pretty frequently, so others change up pretty frequently, so others change up pretty frequently, so there's always something new here to there's always something new here to there's always something new here to try. So, if you've been to Everglaze try. So, if you've been to Everglaze try. So, if you've been to Everglaze before, head on back because there's before, head on back because there's before, head on back because there's probably going to be something new in probably going to be something new in probably going to be something new in the case. Some of the DFB team's the case. Some of the DFB team's the case. Some of the DFB team's personal doughnut favorites tend to be personal doughnut favorites tend to be personal doughnut favorites tend to be the Nutella Boston cream, the icon the Nutella Boston cream, the icon the Nutella Boston cream, the icon doughnut, which is just a classic doughnut, which is just a classic doughnut, which is just a classic doughnut but glazed and everglazed doughnut but glazed and everglazed doughnut but glazed and everglazed signature blue color, or one of the signature blue color, or one of the signature blue color, or one of the toppers, which comes with a donut on top toppers, which comes with a donut on top toppers, which comes with a donut on top of cold brew. The best of both worlds. of cold brew. The best of both worlds. of cold brew. The best of both worlds. Why just have a normal hot dog when you Why just have a normal hot dog when you Why just have a normal hot dog when you can have one that makes you question can have one that makes you question can have one that makes you question everything? Okay, let's hang out and eat everything? Okay, let's hang out and eat everything? Okay, let's hang out and eat space hot dogs from Ronto Roers in space hot dogs from Ronto Roers in space hot dogs from Ronto Roers in Hollywood Studios. So, a space hot dog Hollywood Studios. So, a space hot dog Hollywood Studios. So, a space hot dog might not sound too terribly appealing might not sound too terribly appealing might not sound too terribly appealing to you, but this isn't just some hot dog to you, but this isn't just some hot dog to you, but this isn't just some hot dog covered in a galactic glowing goo. covered in a galactic glowing goo. covered in a galactic glowing goo. Classic Ronto wraps are actually really Classic Ronto wraps are actually really Classic Ronto wraps are actually really tasty, and there isn't any glowing goo tasty, and there isn't any glowing goo tasty, and there isn't any glowing goo anywhere to be found. They're made with anywhere to be found. They're made with anywhere to be found. They're made with roasted pork, grilled pork sausage, roasted pork, grilled pork sausage, roasted pork, grilled pork sausage, peppercorn sauce, tangy slaw, and peppercorn sauce, tangy slaw, and peppercorn sauce, tangy slaw, and wrapped in a pa. Now, we call them a wrapped in a pa. Now, we call them a wrapped in a pa. Now, we call them a snack, but you could easily make this snack, but you could easily make this snack, but you could easily make this into a full-blown lunch if you want to. into a full-blown lunch if you want to. into a full-blown lunch if you want to. After 3:00 p.m., Ronto Roers does close After 3:00 p.m., Ronto Roers does close After 3:00 p.m., Ronto Roers does close for the day. But once the clock strikes for the day. But once the clock strikes for the day. But once the clock strikes service will start selling the classic service will start selling the classic service will start selling the classic Ronto wraps instead. That way, you don't Ronto wraps instead. That way, you don't Ronto wraps instead. That way, you don't have to miss out if you were waiting for have to miss out if you were waiting for have to miss out if you were waiting for one of these space dogs for dinner. Now, one of these space dogs for dinner. Now, one of these space dogs for dinner. Now, for a new hot dog option that maybe for a new hot dog option that maybe for a new hot dog option that maybe you've never seen and never tried you've never seen and never tried you've never seen and never tried before, Blue Ribbon Corn Dogs opened at before, Blue Ribbon Corn Dogs opened at before, Blue Ribbon Corn Dogs opened at Disney's Boardwalk Inn back in 2023, and Disney's Boardwalk Inn back in 2023, and Disney's Boardwalk Inn back in 2023, and ever since it's been showing us a whole ever since it's been showing us a whole ever since it's been showing us a whole new world of just how interesting corn new world of just how interesting corn new world of just how interesting corn dogs can be. For instance, you can dogs can be. For instance, you can dogs can be. For instance, you can always get the pickle dog here, which is always get the pickle dog here, which is always get the pickle dog here, which is a hot dog wrapped in a dill pickle, a hot dog wrapped in a dill pickle, a hot dog wrapped in a dill pickle, fried in cornmeal batter and rolled in fried in cornmeal batter and rolled in fried in cornmeal batter and rolled in panko breadrumbs and served with peanut panko breadrumbs and served with peanut panko breadrumbs and served with peanut butter dipping sauce because of course butter dipping sauce because of course butter dipping sauce because of course it is. You can also pick up the Mexican it is. You can also pick up the Mexican it is. You can also pick up the Mexican street dog made with jalapeno cheddar street dog made with jalapeno cheddar street dog made with jalapeno cheddar sausage fried in cornmeal batter and sausage fried in cornmeal batter and sausage fried in cornmeal batter and topped with garlic mayo, corn kernels, topped with garlic mayo, corn kernels, topped with garlic mayo, corn kernels, kotilla cheese, cilantro, and garnished kotilla cheese, cilantro, and garnished kotilla cheese, cilantro, and garnished with a lime wedge. But if you're feeling with a lime wedge. But if you're feeling with a lime wedge. But if you're feeling really adventurous, Blue Ribbon also has really adventurous, Blue Ribbon also has really adventurous, Blue Ribbon also has rotating specialty items that you might rotating specialty items that you might rotating specialty items that you might want to try, or you might want to file a want to try, or you might want to file a want to try, or you might want to file a restraining order against. I don't know, restraining order against. I don't know, restraining order against. I don't know, depends on who's ordering. Recently, we depends on who's ordering. Recently, we depends on who's ordering. Recently, we tried a salmon corn dog from Blue Ribbon tried a salmon corn dog from Blue Ribbon tried a salmon corn dog from Blue Ribbon made with a piece of salmon, a slab of made with a piece of salmon, a slab of made with a piece of salmon, a slab of cream cheese on top, tempura, battered cream cheese on top, tempura, battered cream cheese on top, tempura, battered and fried, and top of Sriracha mayo, and fried, and top of Sriracha mayo, and fried, and top of Sriracha mayo, sushi sauce, and sprinkled with sesame sushi sauce, and sprinkled with sesame sushi sauce, and sprinkled with sesame seeds. Not our favorite, but we ate the seeds. Not our favorite, but we ate the seeds. Not our favorite, but we ate the whole thing, so I don't even know what whole thing, so I don't even know what whole thing, so I don't even know what to say about that. But you never know to say about that. But you never know to say about that. But you never know what might show up on the menu here, so what might show up on the menu here, so what might show up on the menu here, so it's worth checking out just in case a it's worth checking out just in case a it's worth checking out just in case a surprise new favorite hits the scene. surprise new favorite hits the scene. surprise new favorite hits the scene. Also, I know this technically isn't a Also, I know this technically isn't a Also, I know this technically isn't a corn dog/h hot dog, but if you're here corn dog/h hot dog, but if you're here corn dog/h hot dog, but if you're here when the deep fried Hawaiian rolls are when the deep fried Hawaiian rolls are when the deep fried Hawaiian rolls are at Blue Ribbon, literally the best thing at Blue Ribbon, literally the best thing at Blue Ribbon, literally the best thing served at this place, 1,000%. I mean, served at this place, 1,000%. I mean, served at this place, 1,000%. I mean, fried Hawaiian rolls covered in cinnamon fried Hawaiian rolls covered in cinnamon fried Hawaiian rolls covered in cinnamon and sugar and sweetened condensed milk. and sugar and sweetened condensed milk. and sugar and sweetened condensed milk. I don't know how else to sell you on I don't know how else to sell you on I don't know how else to sell you on that. They are absolutely incredible. that. They are absolutely incredible. that. They are absolutely incredible. only here seasonally, though. So, buy only here seasonally, though. So, buy only here seasonally, though. So, buy them when they're there so that maybe them when they're there so that maybe them when they're there so that maybe they'll decide they need to be there they'll decide they need to be there they'll decide they need to be there full-time. Okay, we're going to talk full-time. Okay, we're going to talk full-time. Okay, we're going to talk about a lot of Disney World snacks about a lot of Disney World snacks about a lot of Disney World snacks today, but we're not going to talk about today, but we're not going to talk about today, but we're not going to talk about them all. That being said, we do have a them all. That being said, we do have a them all. That being said, we do have a place where we talk about every single place where we talk about every single place where we talk about every single Disney World snack across all of the Disney World snack across all of the Disney World snack across all of the parks, and that's in our DFB snack parks, and that's in our DFB snack parks, and that's in our DFB snack guides over on dfbstore.com. guides over on dfbstore.com. guides over on dfbstore.com. Now, when I say every single one, I know Now, when I say every single one, I know Now, when I say every single one, I know you don't believe me. Please believe me. you don't believe me. Please believe me. you don't believe me. Please believe me. Every single time there's a new snack, Every single time there's a new snack, Every single time there's a new snack, we go, we get it, we try it, it goes in we go, we get it, we try it, it goes in we go, we get it, we try it, it goes in the snack guides. Also, we revisit old the snack guides. Also, we revisit old the snack guides. Also, we revisit old snacks just so that we have updated snacks just so that we have updated snacks just so that we have updated photos and updated reviews of those. We photos and updated reviews of those. We photos and updated reviews of those. We do not want you wasting your money on do not want you wasting your money on do not want you wasting your money on snacks in Disney World. We want to make snacks in Disney World. We want to make snacks in Disney World. We want to make sure you're getting the best stuff and sure you're getting the best stuff and sure you're getting the best stuff and so we are very, very serious about so we are very, very serious about so we are very, very serious about updating those guides. Anyway, you can updating those guides. Anyway, you can updating those guides. Anyway, you can purchase an individual snack guide for purchase an individual snack guide for purchase an individual snack guide for one park or you can pick up snack guide one park or you can pick up snack guide one park or you can pick up snack guide bundles. Either way, you'll always be bundles. Either way, you'll always be bundles. Either way, you'll always be able to use code YouTube before you able to use code YouTube before you able to use code YouTube before you check out to add a discount to the check out to add a discount to the check out to add a discount to the individual and bundle guides alike. Or individual and bundle guides alike. Or individual and bundle guides alike. Or if you're not ready to invest in one of if you're not ready to invest in one of if you're not ready to invest in one of these guides just yet, no worries. these guides just yet, no worries. these guides just yet, no worries. You're still more than welcome to pick You're still more than welcome to pick You're still more than welcome to pick up the samplesized versions of them for up the samplesized versions of them for up the samplesized versions of them for free by scanning the QR code you see on free by scanning the QR code you see on free by scanning the QR code you see on the screen or by clicking on the link in the screen or by clicking on the link in the screen or by clicking on the for the description for the description for Disneyfoodblog.com/bestnacks Disneyfoodblog.com/bestnacks Disneyfoodblog.com/bestnacks after this. This gives you our top 10 after this. This gives you our top 10 after this. This gives you our top 10 snacks in each park, plus detailed snack snacks in each park, plus detailed snack snacks in each park, plus detailed snack maps so you can find them all. And maps so you can find them all. And maps so you can find them all. And they're very pretty. So, I'm gonna have they're very pretty. So, I'm gonna have they're very pretty. So, I'm gonna have you go ahead and get those because you go ahead and get those because you go ahead and get those because they're free. Anyway, moving on to they're free. Anyway, moving on to they're free. Anyway, moving on to cookies. When you're in the mood for cookies. When you're in the mood for cookies. When you're in the mood for something sweet, it's hard to beat a something sweet, it's hard to beat a something sweet, it's hard to beat a freshly baked cookie. And I know just freshly baked cookie. And I know just freshly baked cookie. And I know just the place you're going to want to hit up the place you're going to want to hit up the place you're going to want to hit up to find classic and new cookie options to find classic and new cookie options to find classic and new cookie options alike. Gideon's Bake House opened its alike. Gideon's Bake House opened its alike. Gideon's Bake House opened its Disney Springs storefront back in 2021, Disney Springs storefront back in 2021, Disney Springs storefront back in 2021, and the hype never really died down. But and the hype never really died down. But and the hype never really died down. But why do people keep returning to this why do people keep returning to this why do people keep returning to this bakery in droves? I mean, [music] for a bakery in droves? I mean, [music] for a bakery in droves? I mean, [music] for a few different reasons. They've got few different reasons. They've got few different reasons. They've got specialty cold brews, giant cake slices specialty cold brews, giant cake slices specialty cold brews, giant cake slices with those [music] thick buttercream with those [music] thick buttercream with those [music] thick buttercream layers. But the main reason people come layers. But the main reason people come layers. But the main reason people come here is for the fresh half-PB cookies here is for the fresh half-PB cookies here is for the fresh half-PB cookies made daily. Some of the classic options made daily. Some of the classic options made daily. Some of the classic options that are always on the menu are the that are always on the menu are the that are always on the menu are the original chocolate chip, the peanut original chocolate chip, the peanut original chocolate chip, the peanut butter crunch. That's my favorite. Well, butter crunch. That's my favorite. Well, butter crunch. That's my favorite. Well, it's one of my favorites. The cookies it's one of my favorites. The cookies it's one of my favorites. The cookies and cream, the pistachio toffee and cream, the pistachio toffee and cream, the pistachio toffee chocolate chip, and dozens of others, chocolate chip, and dozens of others, chocolate chip, and dozens of others, too. Now, while some cookies and cakes too. Now, while some cookies and cakes too. Now, while some cookies and cakes tend to stick around month after month, tend to stick around month after month, tend to stick around month after month, lots of Gideon's other flavors are only lots of Gideon's other flavors are only lots of Gideon's other flavors are only available during certain seasons or available during certain seasons or available during certain seasons or certain times of day or even on specific certain times of day or even on specific certain times of day or even on specific days of the week, which is why this days of the week, which is why this days of the week, which is why this place is so unique. You never know quite place is so unique. You never know quite place is so unique. You never know quite what you're going to get. Kind of like a what you're going to get. Kind of like a what you're going to get. Kind of like a box of chocolates. [music] For example, box of chocolates. [music] For example, box of chocolates. [music] For example, each month Gideon releases a new variety each month Gideon releases a new variety each month Gideon releases a new variety of cookies and cakes and cold brews with of cookies and cakes and cold brews with of cookies and cakes and cold brews with flavors specific to that one month only. flavors specific to that one month only. flavors specific to that one month only. In the past, we've seen seasonal flavor In the past, we've seen seasonal flavor In the past, we've seen seasonal flavor options like the maple walnut chocolate options like the maple walnut chocolate options like the maple walnut chocolate chip, the strawberry delight, the lemon chip, the strawberry delight, the lemon chip, the strawberry delight, the lemon poppy seed crumble, that's one of my poppy seed crumble, that's one of my poppy seed crumble, that's one of my very favorites, and so many others very favorites, and so many others very favorites, and so many others beyond [music] those. Just keep in mind beyond [music] those. Just keep in mind beyond [music] those. Just keep in mind the monthly flavors aren't guaranteed to the monthly flavors aren't guaranteed to the monthly flavors aren't guaranteed to come back around, so it's best to try come back around, so it's best to try come back around, so it's best to try them while you can. The dark coffee cake them while you can. The dark coffee cake them while you can. The dark coffee cake cookie is only available at Gideonss cookie is only available at Gideonss cookie is only available at Gideonss from sunset to sellout. When it's still from sunset to sellout. When it's still from sunset to sellout. When it's still light out, you'll only be able to buy light out, you'll only be able to buy light out, you'll only be able to buy the regular coffee cake cookie, which the regular coffee cake cookie, which the regular coffee cake cookie, which features a vanilla base instead of the features a vanilla base instead of the features a vanilla base instead of the chocolate one that the dark coffee cake chocolate one that the dark coffee cake chocolate one that the dark coffee cake cookie has. And from 2:00 to 3:00 p.m. cookie has. And from 2:00 to 3:00 p.m. cookie has. And from 2:00 to 3:00 p.m. and 7:00 to 8:00 p.m., it'll be hot and 7:00 to 8:00 p.m., it'll be hot and 7:00 to 8:00 p.m., it'll be hot cookie hour. So, you'll have the option cookie hour. So, you'll have the option cookie hour. So, you'll have the option to order a warm chocolate chip cookie to order a warm chocolate chip cookie to order a warm chocolate chip cookie served with a cool scoop of vanilla bean served with a cool scoop of vanilla bean served with a cool scoop of vanilla bean ice cream. [music] And while I know this ice cream. [music] And while I know this ice cream. [music] And while I know this isn't a cookie thing, I still feel the isn't a cookie thing, I still feel the isn't a cookie thing, I still feel the need to tell you that on occasion, need to tell you that on occasion, need to tell you that on occasion, Gideonss has secret cake slices that Gideonss has secret cake slices that Gideonss has secret cake slices that you'll only be able to order if you know you'll only be able to order if you know you'll only be able to order if you know the secret password, which Gideonss will the secret password, which Gideonss will the secret password, which Gideonss will release on their socials whenever these release on their socials whenever these release on their socials whenever these very limited time cake slices come back very limited time cake slices come back very limited time cake slices come back around. But what's better than a cookie? around. But what's better than a cookie? around. But what's better than a cookie? A cookie shoved inside a flaky, fluffy, A cookie shoved inside a flaky, fluffy, A cookie shoved inside a flaky, fluffy, [music] [music] [music] buttery quissant. Right now, the cookie buttery quissant. Right now, the cookie buttery quissant. Right now, the cookie croissant at Contempo Cafe in croissant at Contempo Cafe in croissant at Contempo Cafe in Contemporary Resort is a quasissant Contemporary Resort is a quasissant Contemporary Resort is a quasissant topped with powdered sugar and milk topped with powdered sugar and milk topped with powdered sugar and milk chocolate drizzle, then filled until chocolate drizzle, then filled until chocolate drizzle, then filled until plump with chocolate chip cookie dough. plump with chocolate chip cookie dough. plump with chocolate chip cookie dough. It's also served warm, so all that It's also served warm, so all that It's also served warm, so all that chocolate drizzle and chocolate chip chocolate drizzle and chocolate chip chocolate drizzle and chocolate chip goodness is even more satisfying to bite goodness is even more satisfying to bite goodness is even more satisfying to bite into. I know this feels a little over into. I know this feels a little over into. I know this feels a little over the top, but if we didn't give you the the top, but if we didn't give you the the top, but if we didn't give you the overthe-top stuff, then we wouldn't be overthe-top stuff, then we wouldn't be overthe-top stuff, then we wouldn't be DFB, would we? No. Okay, now that I'm DFB, would we? No. Okay, now that I'm DFB, would we? No. Okay, now that I'm done bragging on Gideon's Bake House, done bragging on Gideon's Bake House, done bragging on Gideon's Bake House, let's talk about a different kind of let's talk about a different kind of let's talk about a different kind of cookie. or rather two cookies with sweet cookie. or rather two cookies with sweet cookie. or rather two cookies with sweet frosting sandwiched between them. I've frosting sandwiched between them. I've frosting sandwiched between them. I've loved the carrot cake cookie or rather loved the carrot cake cookie or rather loved the carrot cake cookie or rather the carrot cake whoopy pie, whatever the carrot cake whoopy pie, whatever the carrot cake whoopy pie, whatever they're calling it these days since I they're calling it these days since I they're calling it these days since I first took a bite of it back in 2010. first took a bite of it back in 2010. first took a bite of it back in 2010. And even though it changed significantly And even though it changed significantly And even though it changed significantly over the years, I still love it. We had over the years, I still love it. We had over the years, I still love it. We had a little falling out a while back where a little falling out a while back where a little falling out a while back where I griped and groaned about the cream I griped and groaned about the cream I griped and groaned about the cream cheese frosting in the middle being too cheese frosting in the middle being too cheese frosting in the middle being too gummy. But I take it all back. The icing gummy. But I take it all back. The icing gummy. But I take it all back. The icing just needed a little time to warm up is just needed a little time to warm up is just needed a little time to warm up is all. No harm, no foul. I just got one all. No harm, no foul. I just got one all. No harm, no foul. I just got one last week and I left it in my car for a last week and I left it in my car for a last week and I left it in my car for a little while so it could [laughter] warm little while so it could [laughter] warm little while so it could [laughter] warm up and then it was perfect. You can pick up and then it was perfect. You can pick up and then it was perfect. You can pick up my favorite Hollywood Studios dessert up my favorite Hollywood Studios dessert up my favorite Hollywood Studios dessert over at Trolley Car Cafe. Now, more over at Trolley Car Cafe. Now, more over at Trolley Car Cafe. Now, more cookie sandwiches that you might not cookie sandwiches that you might not cookie sandwiches that you might not have heard about. You cannot go wrong at have heard about. You cannot go wrong at have heard about. You cannot go wrong at Caramel Cusha in Epcot. You just can't. Caramel Cusha in Epcot. You just can't. Caramel Cusha in Epcot. You just can't. If you love fresh caramel, there's so If you love fresh caramel, there's so If you love fresh caramel, there's so much of it to go around here. Caramel much of it to go around here. Caramel much of it to go around here. Caramel cupcakes, caramel butter bars, caramel cupcakes, caramel butter bars, caramel cupcakes, caramel butter bars, caramel apples, caramel boozy squares. But the apples, caramel boozy squares. But the apples, caramel boozy squares. But the rotating lineup of caramel cookie rotating lineup of caramel cookie rotating lineup of caramel cookie sandwiches has had my team buzzing ever sandwiches has had my team buzzing ever sandwiches has had my team buzzing ever since they started. One of the limited since they started. One of the limited since they started. One of the limited time favorites that likes to come and time favorites that likes to come and time favorites that likes to come and go, but mostly show up around the go, but mostly show up around the go, but mostly show up around the holidays is the caramel gingerbread holidays is the caramel gingerbread holidays is the caramel gingerbread cookie sandwich made with two cookie sandwich made with two cookie sandwich made with two gingerbread cookies and salted caramel gingerbread cookies and salted caramel gingerbread cookies and salted caramel buttercream. Recently, we've been seeing buttercream. Recently, we've been seeing buttercream. Recently, we've been seeing the caramel snicker doodle cookie the caramel snicker doodle cookie the caramel snicker doodle cookie sandwich in the bakery display case, sandwich in the bakery display case, sandwich in the bakery display case, featuring two snicker doodle cookies featuring two snicker doodle cookies featuring two snicker doodle cookies layered with salted caramel buttercream layered with salted caramel buttercream layered with salted caramel buttercream frosting and caramel drizzle. Now, over frosting and caramel drizzle. Now, over frosting and caramel drizzle. Now, over the holidays, a Mickeyshaped caramel the holidays, a Mickeyshaped caramel the holidays, a Mickeyshaped caramel cookie pops up here every once in a cookie pops up here every once in a cookie pops up here every once in a while, featuring two chocolate cookies while, featuring two chocolate cookies while, featuring two chocolate cookies and of course that divine tasting salted and of course that divine tasting salted and of course that divine tasting salted caramel buttercream. And there's even caramel buttercream. And there's even caramel buttercream. And there's even been a carrot cake caramel cookie m been a carrot cake caramel cookie m been a carrot cake caramel cookie m competition attempting to take over the competition attempting to take over the competition attempting to take over the trolley car caf's throne, but it doesn't trolley car caf's throne, but it doesn't trolley car caf's throne, but it doesn't stick around. So, Trolley Car's carrot stick around. So, Trolley Car's carrot stick around. So, Trolley Car's carrot cake cookie is still the carrot cake cake cookie is still the carrot cake cake cookie is still the carrot cake cookie winner [music] for now. When it cookie winner [music] for now. When it cookie winner [music] for now. When it comes to Epcot's festival food booths, comes to Epcot's festival food booths, comes to Epcot's festival food booths, you are bound to find classic returning you are bound to find classic returning you are bound to find classic returning favorites paired with the newest snacks favorites paired with the newest snacks favorites paired with the newest snacks and booths every time they're offered. and booths every time they're offered. and booths every time they're offered. So Epcot's got four festivals that So Epcot's got four festivals that So Epcot's got four festivals that happen throughout the year. Festival of happen throughout the year. Festival of happen throughout the year. Festival of the Arts, Flower and Garden Festival, the Arts, Flower and Garden Festival, the Arts, Flower and Garden Festival, Food and Wine, and Festival of the Food and Wine, and Festival of the Food and Wine, and Festival of the Holidays. And along with their limited Holidays. And along with their limited Holidays. And along with their limited time entertainment and merchandise, time entertainment and merchandise, time entertainment and merchandise, you're going to find a ton of fun and you're going to find a ton of fun and you're going to find a ton of fun and unique food booth options around the unique food booth options around the unique food booth options around the entire World Showcase and a few beyond entire World Showcase and a few beyond entire World Showcase and a few beyond it, [music] too. Foods and food booths it, [music] too. Foods and food booths it, [music] too. Foods and food booths come and go for festivals, which is why come and go for festivals, which is why come and go for festivals, which is why to me listening to the festival food to me listening to the festival food to me listening to the festival food booth lineups for this season is like a booth lineups for this season is like a booth lineups for this season is like a sports fan listening to football sports fan listening to football sports fan listening to football drafting. I love hearing about what's drafting. I love hearing about what's drafting. I love hearing about what's returning or what new players going to returning or what new players going to returning or what new players going to be featured on the field this season, be featured on the field this season, be featured on the field this season, who got drafted where, because a lot of who got drafted where, because a lot of who got drafted where, because a lot of those booths will take each other's menu those booths will take each other's menu those booths will take each other's menu items. I know we're getting a little items. I know we're getting a little items. I know we're getting a little deep into the metaphor right now, but deep into the metaphor right now, but deep into the metaphor right now, but hey, it is football season and I am a hey, it is football season and I am a hey, it is football season and I am a big fan. But it's also sad to see some big fan. But it's also sad to see some big fan. But it's also sad to see some previous favorites not return uh traded. previous favorites not return uh traded. previous favorites not return uh traded. Which is why the next time you're at an Which is why the next time you're at an Which is why the next time you're at an Epcot festival, you need to order the Epcot festival, you need to order the Epcot festival, you need to order the festival items you really want to try festival items you really want to try festival items you really want to try while you're there and not take any of while you're there and not take any of while you're there and not take any of those dudes for granted. Because even those dudes for granted. Because even those dudes for granted. Because even longtime festival favorites, can longtime festival favorites, can longtime festival favorites, can suddenly be retired. We'll always fill suddenly be retired. We'll always fill suddenly be retired. We'll always fill you in on the latest festival favorites, you in on the latest festival favorites, you in on the latest festival favorites, both new and classic, whenever an Epcot both new and classic, whenever an Epcot both new and classic, whenever an Epcot festival first launches. Believe me, festival first launches. Believe me, festival first launches. Believe me, here at DFB, we take our festivals very, here at DFB, we take our festivals very, here at DFB, we take our festivals very, very seriously. They are our Super Bowl. very seriously. They are our Super Bowl. very seriously. They are our Super Bowl. Sorry, I had to. So, be sure to check in Sorry, I had to. So, be sure to check in Sorry, I had to. So, be sure to check in on our Epcot Festival videos that'll on our Epcot Festival videos that'll on our Epcot Festival videos that'll release on the channel immediately after release on the channel immediately after release on the channel immediately after a festival goes live, like usually the a festival goes live, like usually the a festival goes live, like usually the next day or maybe the next couple of next day or maybe the next couple of next day or maybe the next couple of days. If you want a super detailed Epcot days. If you want a super detailed Epcot days. If you want a super detailed Epcot Fest snack update [music] and lots of Fest snack update [music] and lots of Fest snack update [music] and lots of recommendations, recommendations, recommendations, if you know me, then you already know if you know me, then you already know if you know me, then you already know this won't be the only time I talk about this won't be the only time I talk about this won't be the only time I talk about cheesy stuff in today's video. But if cheesy stuff in today's video. But if cheesy stuff in today's video. But if you're like me, then you also know that you're like me, then you also know that you're like me, then you also know that Disney's cheesy stuff is some of its Disney's cheesy stuff is some of its Disney's cheesy stuff is some of its best stuff. For the record, these loaded best stuff. For the record, these loaded best stuff. For the record, these loaded fries from Flame Tree Barbecue in Animal fries from Flame Tree Barbecue in Animal fries from Flame Tree Barbecue in Animal Kingdom aren't actually called birthday Kingdom aren't actually called birthday Kingdom aren't actually called birthday fries. They're just called French fries fries. They're just called French fries fries. They're just called French fries with pulled pork and cheese, which you with pulled pork and cheese, which you with pulled pork and cheese, which you can get from the sides portion of the can get from the sides portion of the can get from the sides portion of the menu. But I like to order them when I'm menu. But I like to order them when I'm menu. But I like to order them when I'm at Animal Kingdom on my birthday because at Animal Kingdom on my birthday because at Animal Kingdom on my birthday because I like to treat myself a little bit that I like to treat myself a little bit that I like to treat myself a little bit that day. So, if you see a gal wearing one of day. So, if you see a gal wearing one of day. So, if you see a gal wearing one of those free Disney birthday buttons and those free Disney birthday buttons and those free Disney birthday buttons and happily munching away on these fries happily munching away on these fries happily munching away on these fries during the month of September, just know during the month of September, just know during the month of September, just know there's a good chance I'm out there there's a good chance I'm out there there's a good chance I'm out there living my best birthday life. So, what's living my best birthday life. So, what's living my best birthday life. So, what's so special about these fries? Aside from so special about these fries? Aside from so special about these fries? Aside from the fact that I associate them with my the fact that I associate them with my the fact that I associate them with my natal day now, well, they're doused in natal day now, well, they're doused in natal day now, well, they're doused in plastic cheese, a giant mount of pulled plastic cheese, a giant mount of pulled plastic cheese, a giant mount of pulled pork, and a healthy slathering of pork, and a healthy slathering of pork, and a healthy slathering of barbecue sauce. If you pair these bad barbecue sauce. If you pair these bad barbecue sauce. If you pair these bad boys with one of Flame Tree's lovely boys with one of Flame Tree's lovely boys with one of Flame Tree's lovely tables that'll put you right next to the tables that'll put you right next to the tables that'll put you right next to the water and give you a nice view of water and give you a nice view of water and give you a nice view of Expedition Everest in the distance, then Expedition Everest in the distance, then Expedition Everest in the distance, then you've got yourself a birthday well you've got yourself a birthday well you've got yourself a birthday well spent. [music] But have you heard about spent. [music] But have you heard about spent. [music] But have you heard about these? Recently, somewhere else on the these? Recently, somewhere else on the these? Recently, somewhere else on the lake over in Disney Springs started up a lake over in Disney Springs started up a lake over in Disney Springs started up a new martini hour. I know you're like, new martini hour. I know you're like, new martini hour. I know you're like, "AJ, why are you talking about martinis? "AJ, why are you talking about martinis? "AJ, why are you talking about martinis? We're talking about fries right now." We're talking about fries right now." We're talking about fries right now." Hold on, I'll get there. On Monday to Hold on, I'll get there. On Monday to Hold on, I'll get there. On Monday to Friday from 3:00 to 6:00 p.m. at the bar Friday from 3:00 to 6:00 p.m. at the bar Friday from 3:00 to 6:00 p.m. at the bar area only, Summerhouse will hand over area only, Summerhouse will hand over area only, Summerhouse will hand over their specialty martini hour menu, where their specialty martini hour menu, where their specialty martini hour menu, where you're going to find $10 martinis, you're going to find $10 martinis, you're going to find $10 martinis, discounted glasses of wines and beers, discounted glasses of wines and beers, discounted glasses of wines and beers, and a selection of discounted bites, and a selection of discounted bites, and a selection of discounted bites, too. Now, our favorite of these bites, too. Now, our favorite of these bites, too. Now, our favorite of these bites, the bottomless truffle fries. For 10 the bottomless truffle fries. For 10 the bottomless truffle fries. For 10 bucks, you can get a large cup of bucks, you can get a large cup of bucks, you can get a large cup of bottomless fries for up to four people. bottomless fries for up to four people. bottomless fries for up to four people. These are relatively thin cut fries, These are relatively thin cut fries, These are relatively thin cut fries, which is great because that makes them which is great because that makes them which is great because that makes them nice and crispy. And the parmesan nice and crispy. And the parmesan nice and crispy. And the parmesan sprinkled on top gives them additional sprinkled on top gives them additional sprinkled on top gives them additional sharpness that I appreciate. But then sharpness that I appreciate. But then sharpness that I appreciate. But then there's the aioli. There should be a law there's the aioli. There should be a law there's the aioli. There should be a law where ioli is served with everything. where ioli is served with everything. where ioli is served with everything. The truffle aioli that's served The truffle aioli that's served The truffle aioli that's served alongside these fries is so good I could alongside these fries is so good I could alongside these fries is so good I could eat it by the spoonful. It adds an eat it by the spoonful. It adds an eat it by the spoonful. It adds an earthy layer with each bite. And before earthy layer with each bite. And before earthy layer with each bite. And before you ask, yes, I did ask for another you ask, yes, I did ask for another you ask, yes, I did ask for another ramkin of it. Why not? The Aioli is ramkin of it. Why not? The Aioli is ramkin of it. Why not? The Aioli is bottomless, too, after all. Ooh, ooh, bottomless, too, after all. Ooh, ooh, bottomless, too, after all. Ooh, ooh, ooh. But I also want to give a quick ooh. But I also want to give a quick ooh. But I also want to give a quick shout out to the Daily Poutine in Disney shout out to the Daily Poutine in Disney shout out to the Daily Poutine in Disney Springs for its seasonal poutine Springs for its seasonal poutine Springs for its seasonal poutine varieties, including its limited edition varieties, including its limited edition varieties, including its limited edition brand new option. I hope this is still brand new option. I hope this is still brand new option. I hope this is still there when you're listening to this there when you're listening to this there when you're listening to this video, the truffle mushroom freaks, video, the truffle mushroom freaks, video, the truffle mushroom freaks, which are fries loaded up with wild which are fries loaded up with wild which are fries loaded up with wild mushroom ragu, griier cheese, truffle mushroom ragu, griier cheese, truffle mushroom ragu, griier cheese, truffle aioli, parmesan po crumble, and parsley. aioli, parmesan po crumble, and parsley. aioli, parmesan po crumble, and parsley. [music] Now, you know me, I love that [music] Now, you know me, I love that [music] Now, you know me, I love that aioli. I love griier. And this aioli in aioli. I love griier. And this aioli in aioli. I love griier. And this aioli in particular is wonderful. It's earthy, particular is wonderful. It's earthy, particular is wonderful. It's earthy, umammy, just the right amount of umammy, just the right amount of umammy, just the right amount of saltiness. [music] saltiness. [music] saltiness. [music] Regular cake is fine, but if you want a Regular cake is fine, but if you want a Regular cake is fine, but if you want a cake that's velvety smooth with just a cake that's velvety smooth with just a cake that's velvety smooth with just a little bit of tang on the back end, little bit of tang on the back end, little bit of tang on the back end, Disney's Cheesecake is your go-to. Now, Disney's Cheesecake is your go-to. Now, Disney's Cheesecake is your go-to. Now, wouldn't you know, a Value Resort food wouldn't you know, a Value Resort food wouldn't you know, a Value Resort food court is the keeper of one of my court is the keeper of one of my court is the keeper of one of my nostalgic favorite [music] Disney nostalgic favorite [music] Disney nostalgic favorite [music] Disney cheesecakes. The tie-dye cheesecake at cheesecakes. The tie-dye cheesecake at cheesecakes. The tie-dye cheesecake at Everything Pop in Pop Century Resort is Everything Pop in Pop Century Resort is Everything Pop in Pop Century Resort is just as fun to look at as it is to just as fun to look at as it is to just as fun to look at as it is to [music] eat. I've been getting this [music] eat. I've been getting this [music] eat. I've been getting this thing since like 2005. It's a classic thing since like 2005. It's a classic thing since like 2005. It's a classic cheesecake dyed in psychedelic colors on cheesecake dyed in psychedelic colors on cheesecake dyed in psychedelic colors on top of a red velvet cake crust. It's the top of a red velvet cake crust. It's the top of a red velvet cake crust. It's the perfect combo of familiar flavors perfect combo of familiar flavors perfect combo of familiar flavors presented in a totally unique way. But presented in a totally unique way. But presented in a totally unique way. But next, let's check out this brand new next, let's check out this brand new next, let's check out this brand new popup in the cheesecake arena in Disney popup in the cheesecake arena in Disney popup in the cheesecake arena in Disney World. Now, I know Flame Tree Barbecue's World. Now, I know Flame Tree Barbecue's World. Now, I know Flame Tree Barbecue's already made an appearance on today's already made an appearance on today's already made an appearance on today's list, but what can I say? This place list, but what can I say? This place list, but what can I say? This place knows how to make my taste buds happy. knows how to make my taste buds happy. knows how to make my taste buds happy. This past summer, Flametree added a This past summer, Flametree added a This past summer, Flametree added a chocolate dipped key lime pie pop to its chocolate dipped key lime pie pop to its chocolate dipped key lime pie pop to its dessert options. But the key lime didn't dessert options. But the key lime didn't dessert options. But the key lime didn't stick around. As it turns out, this is stick around. As it turns out, this is stick around. As it turns out, this is just the start of a whole Flame Tree just the start of a whole Flame Tree just the start of a whole Flame Tree line of rotating pops. And most line of rotating pops. And most line of rotating pops. And most recently, these have been of the recently, these have been of the recently, these have been of the cheesecake variety, featuring limited cheesecake variety, featuring limited cheesecake variety, featuring limited time options like the pumpkin cheesecake time options like the pumpkin cheesecake time options like the pumpkin cheesecake pop for the fall and the cranberry pop for the fall and the cranberry pop for the fall and the cranberry cherry cheesecake pop for the holidays, cherry cheesecake pop for the holidays, cherry cheesecake pop for the holidays, which honestly is one of our favorites. which honestly is one of our favorites. which honestly is one of our favorites. Although the lime will always be my Although the lime will always be my Although the lime will always be my favorite favorite, but cranberry cherry favorite favorite, but cranberry cherry favorite favorite, but cranberry cherry cheesecake is so pretty. Okay, chicken. cheesecake is so pretty. Okay, chicken. cheesecake is so pretty. Okay, chicken. Great. Love chicken. Chicken dowsted in Great. Love chicken. Chicken dowsted in Great. Love chicken. Chicken dowsted in buffalo sauce, that's my favorite. And buffalo sauce, that's my favorite. And buffalo sauce, that's my favorite. And I'm glad that Disney World agrees with I'm glad that Disney World agrees with I'm glad that Disney World agrees with me because that means I never have to me because that means I never have to me because that means I never have to travel too far on property before I travel too far on property before I travel too far on property before I stumble upon this tangy, zingy, slightly stumble upon this tangy, zingy, slightly stumble upon this tangy, zingy, slightly spicy Buffalo themed snack, which you spicy Buffalo themed snack, which you spicy Buffalo themed snack, which you guys know I'm from Buffalo and that's guys know I'm from Buffalo and that's guys know I'm from Buffalo and that's why I love it. It's not why I love it. I why I love it. It's not why I love it. I why I love it. It's not why I love it. I love it cuz it tastes good, but I am love it cuz it tastes good, but I am love it cuz it tastes good, but I am also from Buffalo and so it's kind of in also from Buffalo and so it's kind of in also from Buffalo and so it's kind of in my blood. Okay, if you're a Buffalo fan my blood. Okay, if you're a Buffalo fan my blood. Okay, if you're a Buffalo fan like me, a classic that you got to try like me, a classic that you got to try like me, a classic that you got to try is the Buffalo chicken waffle bowl. Now, is the Buffalo chicken waffle bowl. Now, is the Buffalo chicken waffle bowl. Now, I can't believe I'm calling this a I can't believe I'm calling this a I can't believe I'm calling this a classic because I feel like savory classic because I feel like savory classic because I feel like savory waffle bowls just popped up at Fairfax waffle bowls just popped up at Fairfax waffle bowls just popped up at Fairfax Fair not too long ago, but honestly, it Fair not too long ago, but honestly, it Fair not too long ago, but honestly, it was back in 2022. And I do brag about was back in 2022. And I do brag about was back in 2022. And I do brag about them a lot, so I guess I can consider them a lot, so I guess I can consider them a lot, so I guess I can consider these a DFB classic now, right? Out of these a DFB classic now, right? Out of these a DFB classic now, right? Out of the waffle bowls offered up at Fairfax the waffle bowls offered up at Fairfax the waffle bowls offered up at Fairfax Fair, the Buffalo chicken option tends Fair, the Buffalo chicken option tends Fair, the Buffalo chicken option tends to be my favorite and our DFB reporter's to be my favorite and our DFB reporter's to be my favorite and our DFB reporter's favorite, too. These waffle bowls are favorite, too. These waffle bowls are favorite, too. These waffle bowls are filled with chicken breast nuggets, filled with chicken breast nuggets, filled with chicken breast nuggets, tossed in buffalo sauce, and then topped tossed in buffalo sauce, and then topped tossed in buffalo sauce, and then topped off with kleslaw and served on top of off with kleslaw and served on top of off with kleslaw and served on top of fluffy mashed potatoes. Expect a strong fluffy mashed potatoes. Expect a strong fluffy mashed potatoes. Expect a strong buffalo spice, a nice crunchy kleslaw buffalo spice, a nice crunchy kleslaw buffalo spice, a nice crunchy kleslaw for texture, and some light creamy for texture, and some light creamy for texture, and some light creamy potatoes that steal the spotlight. But, potatoes that steal the spotlight. But, potatoes that steal the spotlight. But, but, but recently, Disney World decided but, but recently, Disney World decided but, but recently, Disney World decided to give its chicken tenders some extreme to give its chicken tenders some extreme to give its chicken tenders some extreme makeovers across property. There's like makeovers across property. There's like makeovers across property. There's like Disney World and I am still on cloud9 Disney World and I am still on cloud9 Disney World and I am still on cloud9 about it. But the Buffalo chicken strips about it. But the Buffalo chicken strips about it. But the Buffalo chicken strips now at Cosmic Ray Starlight Cafe in now at Cosmic Ray Starlight Cafe in now at Cosmic Ray Starlight Cafe in Magic Kingdom topped the chicken tender Magic Kingdom topped the chicken tender Magic Kingdom topped the chicken tender charts for me. I was just talking about charts for me. I was just talking about charts for me. I was just talking about them again today to my husband. I love them again today to my husband. I love them again today to my husband. I love them. So during my last Disney World them. So during my last Disney World them. So during my last Disney World visit when I was doing a Disney Adults visit when I was doing a Disney Adults visit when I was doing a Disney Adults book signing in the Orlando area, I made book signing in the Orlando area, I made book signing in the Orlando area, I made a trip out to Magic Kingdom literally a trip out to Magic Kingdom literally a trip out to Magic Kingdom literally just for these. Well, for these and to just for these. Well, for these and to just for these. Well, for these and to ride the People Mover, because of course ride the People Mover, because of course ride the People Mover, because of course I cannot let my fellow members of the I cannot let my fellow members of the I cannot let my fellow members of the unofficial People Mover fan club down. unofficial People Mover fan club down. unofficial People Mover fan club down. Now, these chicken strips are coated in Now, these chicken strips are coated in Now, these chicken strips are coated in buffalo sauce and topped with an buffalo sauce and topped with an buffalo sauce and topped with an additional kind of ranch rub. The sauce additional kind of ranch rub. The sauce additional kind of ranch rub. The sauce is not too spicy, but it's got so much is not too spicy, but it's got so much is not too spicy, but it's got so much good flavor. The ranch seasoning helps good flavor. The ranch seasoning helps good flavor. The ranch seasoning helps sort of balance all of that out. It's sort of balance all of that out. It's sort of balance all of that out. It's actually a really good addition. Now, actually a really good addition. Now, actually a really good addition. Now, some other noteworthy specialty chicken some other noteworthy specialty chicken some other noteworthy specialty chicken strip options that Disney recently strip options that Disney recently strip options that Disney recently released include the seaside chicken released include the seaside chicken released include the seaside chicken strips at Columbia Harbor House in Magic strips at Columbia Harbor House in Magic strips at Columbia Harbor House in Magic Kingdom, top of seasoned ioli, crushed Kingdom, top of seasoned ioli, crushed Kingdom, top of seasoned ioli, crushed pretzels and crispy garlic, the lemon pretzels and crispy garlic, the lemon pretzels and crispy garlic, the lemon pepper parmesan chicken strips at pepper parmesan chicken strips at pepper parmesan chicken strips at Pinocchio Village House in Magic Pinocchio Village House in Magic Pinocchio Village House in Magic Kingdom, and the jerk barbecue chicken Kingdom, and the jerk barbecue chicken Kingdom, and the jerk barbecue chicken strips with pineapple salsa at a bunch strips with pineapple salsa at a bunch strips with pineapple salsa at a bunch of different Disney hotel quick of different Disney hotel quick of different Disney hotel quick services. But honestly, those buffalo services. But honestly, those buffalo services. But honestly, those buffalo ones with ranch seasoning are kind of ones with ranch seasoning are kind of ones with ranch seasoning are kind of living rentree in my brain right now, living rentree in my brain right now, living rentree in my brain right now, and I cannot wait for my next Magic and I cannot wait for my next Magic and I cannot wait for my next Magic Kingdom visit so I can get them. I'm Kingdom visit so I can get them. I'm Kingdom visit so I can get them. I'm known by many titles. Cheese queen, soda known by many titles. Cheese queen, soda known by many titles. Cheese queen, soda goblin, buffalo sauce fan, someone who goblin, buffalo sauce fan, someone who goblin, buffalo sauce fan, someone who eats aoli with a spoon when no one's eats aoli with a spoon when no one's eats aoli with a spoon when no one's looking. But let the record show that looking. But let the record show that looking. But let the record show that I'd also like to hold the peanut butter I'd also like to hold the peanut butter I'd also like to hold the peanut butter connoisseur title if you'll allow it. I connoisseur title if you'll allow it. I connoisseur title if you'll allow it. I am presenting that for your thoughts. am presenting that for your thoughts. am presenting that for your thoughts. Now, a classic peanut butter item in Now, a classic peanut butter item in Now, a classic peanut butter item in Disney World that we love and you know Disney World that we love and you know Disney World that we love and you know we love is the peanut butter cookie pie. we love is the peanut butter cookie pie. we love is the peanut butter cookie pie. It's at the Main Street Confectionary It's at the Main Street Confectionary It's at the Main Street Confectionary and it's been there ever since the big and it's been there ever since the big and it's been there ever since the big confectionary remodel back in 2021. Can confectionary remodel back in 2021. Can confectionary remodel back in 2021. Can you believe it was that long ago? you believe it was that long ago? you believe it was that long ago? Anyway, I've loved this ever since. It's Anyway, I've loved this ever since. It's Anyway, I've loved this ever since. It's been consistently reliable, unlike some been consistently reliable, unlike some been consistently reliable, unlike some of the other stuff at the confectionary of the other stuff at the confectionary of the other stuff at the confectionary ngl. Now, this one's made with peanut ngl. Now, this one's made with peanut ngl. Now, this one's made with peanut butter cookie, a big fat peanut butter butter cookie, a big fat peanut butter butter cookie, a big fat peanut butter cookie, chocolate frosting on top, and cookie, chocolate frosting on top, and cookie, chocolate frosting on top, and peanut butter M&amp;M's. Yes, you will be in peanut butter M&amp;M's. Yes, you will be in peanut butter M&amp;M's. Yes, you will be in peanut butter heaven. I promise. This peanut butter heaven. I promise. This peanut butter heaven. I promise. This cookie is soft and rich and dense. And cookie is soft and rich and dense. And cookie is soft and rich and dense. And since the Main [music] Street USA shops since the Main [music] Street USA shops since the Main [music] Street USA shops remain open for an extra hour after remain open for an extra hour after remain open for an extra hour after Magic Kingdom closes each day, you can Magic Kingdom closes each day, you can Magic Kingdom closes each day, you can also mobile order this peanut butter also mobile order this peanut butter also mobile order this peanut butter delight while you're waiting for the end delight while you're waiting for the end delight while you're waiting for the end of night crowds to clear out. And then of night crowds to clear out. And then of night crowds to clear out. And then either eat it right there on Main Street either eat it right there on Main Street either eat it right there on Main Street as everything's sort of slowing down, a as everything's sort of slowing down, a as everything's sort of slowing down, a lovely little detox of the day, or just lovely little detox of the day, or just lovely little detox of the day, or just bring it with you back to your hotel and bring it with you back to your hotel and bring it with you back to your hotel and eat it in secret like I do. That's not eat it in secret like I do. That's not eat it in secret like I do. That's not unhealthy, is it? That's fine. But the unhealthy, is it? That's fine. But the unhealthy, is it? That's fine. But the other peanut butter treat that I'm going other peanut butter treat that I'm going other peanut butter treat that I'm going to get on every trip is that chocolate to get on every trip is that chocolate to get on every trip is that chocolate peanut butter mousse pie cup. The Cake peanut butter mousse pie cup. The Cake peanut butter mousse pie cup. The Cake Bake Shop Bakery might be tempting you Bake Shop Bakery might be tempting you Bake Shop Bakery might be tempting you with those giant grab-and-go cake with those giant grab-and-go cake with those giant grab-and-go cake slices, but if you want a cheaper slices, but if you want a cheaper slices, but if you want a cheaper dessert that I honestly prefer over a dessert that I honestly prefer over a dessert that I honestly prefer over a lot of the cakes on display here, then lot of the cakes on display here, then lot of the cakes on display here, then do yourself a favor and grab that do yourself a favor and grab that do yourself a favor and grab that chocolate peanut butter mousse pie cup. chocolate peanut butter mousse pie cup. chocolate peanut butter mousse pie cup. This is made with a Calibo Belgian This is made with a Calibo Belgian This is made with a Calibo Belgian chocolate cookie crust filled with chocolate cookie crust filled with chocolate cookie crust filled with creamy peanut butter mousse. And I I creamy peanut butter mousse. And I I creamy peanut butter mousse. And I I don't even want to call this mousse. I don't even want to call this mousse. I don't even want to call this mousse. I want to just call this like peanut want to just call this like peanut want to just call this like peanut butter pie filling. You know what I'm butter pie filling. You know what I'm butter pie filling. You know what I'm saying? Like really rich. There's saying? Like really rich. There's saying? Like really rich. There's clearly some sort of cream cheese or clearly some sort of cream cheese or clearly some sort of cream cheese or cream situation going on here. It's very cream situation going on here. It's very cream situation going on here. It's very thick and and hearty. And it's topped thick and and hearty. And it's topped thick and and hearty. And it's topped with a chocolate ganache, like a very with a chocolate ganache, like a very with a chocolate ganache, like a very significant layer of it, not just like a significant layer of it, not just like a significant layer of it, not just like a little like drizzle. [music] Like it's little like drizzle. [music] Like it's little like drizzle. [music] Like it's got a whole like layer of chocolate got a whole like layer of chocolate got a whole like layer of chocolate ganache. And then freshly roasted ganache. And then freshly roasted ganache. And then freshly roasted chopped peanuts. So basically, it's a chopped peanuts. So basically, it's a chopped peanuts. So basically, it's a giant version of a Reese's peanut butter giant version of a Reese's peanut butter giant version of a Reese's peanut butter cup with way more peanut butter. So, cup with way more peanut butter. So, cup with way more peanut butter. So, that's the biggest compliment I can give that's the biggest compliment I can give that's the biggest compliment I can give it. The texture of the filling is gooey it. The texture of the filling is gooey it. The texture of the filling is gooey and thick, but it's got good structure, and thick, but it's got good structure, and thick, but it's got good structure, so it's easy to scoop up out of the cup. so it's easy to scoop up out of the cup. so it's easy to scoop up out of the cup. And as is the way with 99.999% And as is the way with 99.999% And as is the way with 99.999% of cake bake shop treats, this one's got of cake bake shop treats, this one's got of cake bake shop treats, this one's got edible glitter sprinkled on top to make edible glitter sprinkled on top to make edible glitter sprinkled on top to make it extra shiny, which may or may not be it extra shiny, which may or may not be it extra shiny, which may or may not be something you're looking for. But if something you're looking for. But if something you're looking for. But if you're not looking for it, [music] then you're not looking for it, [music] then you're not looking for it, [music] then it doesn't cause a problem really. It's it doesn't cause a problem really. It's it doesn't cause a problem really. It's it's it's very inoffensive. But if you it's it's very inoffensive. But if you it's it's very inoffensive. But if you do love glitter or have someone who do love glitter or have someone who do love glitter or have someone who loves glitter and that's going to be the loves glitter and that's going to be the loves glitter and that's going to be the difference between them getting this or difference between them getting this or difference between them getting this or not, then you know definitely let them not, then you know definitely let them not, then you know definitely let them know there's glitter. Okay, this next know there's glitter. Okay, this next know there's glitter. Okay, this next part is for my 21 and over crowd who part is for my 21 and over crowd who part is for my 21 and over crowd who loves mixing their desserts with a loves mixing their desserts with a loves mixing their desserts with a little boozy treat. Lardis and Gloss in little boozy treat. Lardis and Gloss in little boozy treat. Lardis and Gloss in Epcot is more than a place for dessert Epcot is more than a place for dessert Epcot is more than a place for dessert cocktails. They've got some of the best cocktails. They've got some of the best cocktails. They've got some of the best artisan ice cream flavors around that artisan ice cream flavors around that artisan ice cream flavors around that the whole family can enjoy, but the ice the whole family can enjoy, but the ice the whole family can enjoy, but the ice cream martini from Lardison is an cream martini from Lardison is an cream martini from Lardison is an absolute delight and a great afternoon absolute delight and a great afternoon absolute delight and a great afternoon pickme up. This treat comes with two pickme up. This treat comes with two pickme up. This treat comes with two scoops of your choice of ice cream along scoops of your choice of ice cream along scoops of your choice of ice cream along with your choice of Grand Marier, with your choice of Grand Marier, with your choice of Grand Marier, whipped cream, vodka, or rum. Of course, whipped cream, vodka, or rum. Of course, whipped cream, vodka, or rum. Of course, as I already mentioned, you're more than as I already mentioned, you're more than as I already mentioned, you're more than welcome to just get the ice cream here welcome to just get the ice cream here welcome to just get the ice cream here on its own, minus the alcohol by the on its own, minus the alcohol by the on its own, minus the alcohol by the single or double scoop. But you pair single or double scoop. But you pair single or double scoop. But you pair that rich, creamy ice cream with a that rich, creamy ice cream with a that rich, creamy ice cream with a little something extra from the alcohol, little something extra from the alcohol, little something extra from the alcohol, and you got yourself a refreshing and you got yourself a refreshing and you got yourself a refreshing grown-up treat to enjoy all around the grown-up treat to enjoy all around the grown-up treat to enjoy all around the France pavilion and beyond. Now, I'm France pavilion and beyond. Now, I'm France pavilion and beyond. Now, I'm kind of going to go rogue here, but I kind of going to go rogue here, but I kind of going to go rogue here, but I hate talking about the artist song hate talking about the artist song hate talking about the artist song without giving you a shout out for the without giving you a shout out for the without giving you a shout out for the Croak Gloss. So, that's what I'm going Croak Gloss. So, that's what I'm going Croak Gloss. So, that's what I'm going to do right now. The Crow Gloss is once to do right now. The Crow Gloss is once to do right now. The Crow Gloss is once again made with your choice of ice again made with your choice of ice again made with your choice of ice cream, but this time it's pressed cream, but this time it's pressed cream, but this time it's pressed [music] between a warm homemade bio. [music] between a warm homemade bio. [music] between a warm homemade bio. You'd think that'd be soggy, right? And You'd think that'd be soggy, right? And You'd think that'd be soggy, right? And it probably will be if you don't eat it it probably will be if you don't eat it it probably will be if you don't eat it right then and there. But when that right then and there. But when that right then and there. But when that croak gloss is fresh, it is a great croak gloss is fresh, it is a great croak gloss is fresh, it is a great compliment of two sweet flavors working compliment of two sweet flavors working compliment of two sweet flavors working together despite their clashing together despite their clashing together despite their clashing temperatures, which actually makes it temperatures, which actually makes it temperatures, which actually makes it even better. Now, if you want something even better. Now, if you want something even better. Now, if you want something new to try, if you're in the 21 and over new to try, if you're in the 21 and over new to try, if you're in the 21 and over crowd, in honor of the new Avatar Fire crowd, in honor of the new Avatar Fire crowd, in honor of the new Avatar Fire and Ash film, you can now order the and Ash film, you can now order the and Ash film, you can now order the Traitor's Tailwind from Satuli Canteen Traitor's Tailwind from Satuli Canteen Traitor's Tailwind from Satuli Canteen and Animal Kingdom. This is made with and Animal Kingdom. This is made with and Animal Kingdom. This is made with Captain Morgan original spiced drum, Captain Morgan original spiced drum, Captain Morgan original spiced drum, bulls, triple sack, mango puree, bulls, triple sack, mango puree, bulls, triple sack, mango puree, minuteade orange juice, shamoy, and minuteade orange juice, shamoy, and minuteade orange juice, shamoy, and ginger beer, complete with a chili lime ginger beer, complete with a chili lime ginger beer, complete with a chili lime rim, and garnished with a dehydrated rim, and garnished with a dehydrated rim, and garnished with a dehydrated blood orange wheel. I know a lot going blood orange wheel. I know a lot going blood orange wheel. I know a lot going on with this one, but the best way I can on with this one, but the best way I can on with this one, but the best way I can explain it is it's a souped-up margarita explain it is it's a souped-up margarita explain it is it's a souped-up margarita with a nice low heat mixed with sweet with a nice low heat mixed with sweet with a nice low heat mixed with sweet tangy juiciness. Now, if you're looking tangy juiciness. Now, if you're looking tangy juiciness. Now, if you're looking for a new Pandora inspired beverage for a new Pandora inspired beverage for a new Pandora inspired beverage that's non-alcoholic, head to Pangu that's non-alcoholic, head to Pangu that's non-alcoholic, head to Pangu Pangu instead. There you're going to Pangu instead. There you're going to Pangu instead. There you're going to find the Night Wraith Blaze featuring find the Night Wraith Blaze featuring find the Night Wraith Blaze featuring blood orange litechi and wild berry blood orange litechi and wild berry blood orange litechi and wild berry slushie topped with the glow cube and slushie topped with the glow cube and slushie topped with the glow cube and and passion fruit juice filled pearls. and passion fruit juice filled pearls. and passion fruit juice filled pearls. Don't worry, the OG Night Blossom and Don't worry, the OG Night Blossom and Don't worry, the OG Night Blossom and Rum Blossom are still on the Pongu Pangu Rum Blossom are still on the Pongu Pangu Rum Blossom are still on the Pongu Pangu menu, too. So, if you'd rather stick menu, too. So, if you'd rather stick menu, too. So, if you'd rather stick with Pandora's classic frozen beverages with Pandora's classic frozen beverages with Pandora's classic frozen beverages made with layers of apple and desert made with layers of apple and desert made with layers of apple and desert pear, you're still more than welcome to pear, you're still more than welcome to pear, you're still more than welcome to do that instead. So, Dole Whip has been do that instead. So, Dole Whip has been do that instead. So, Dole Whip has been a Disney World staple for years and a Disney World staple for years and a Disney World staple for years and years and years. But that doesn't mean years and years. But that doesn't mean years and years. But that doesn't mean you won't find fun, new, and innovative you won't find fun, new, and innovative you won't find fun, new, and innovative versions of this icy treat popping up on versions of this icy treat popping up on versions of this icy treat popping up on the scene constantly. It's hard to beat the scene constantly. It's hard to beat the scene constantly. It's hard to beat a simple Dole Whip float from Magic a simple Dole Whip float from Magic a simple Dole Whip float from Magic Kingdom's Aloha Isle. It's just Kingdom's Aloha Isle. It's just Kingdom's Aloha Isle. It's just pineapple Dole Whip swirled into pineapple Dole Whip swirled into pineapple Dole Whip swirled into pineapple juice. Simple execution, but pineapple juice. Simple execution, but pineapple juice. Simple execution, but it works every [music] time. You can it works every [music] time. You can it works every [music] time. You can also choose to xnay the pineapple juice also choose to xnay the pineapple juice also choose to xnay the pineapple juice and simply go with the classic Doeh Whip and simply go with the classic Doeh Whip and simply go with the classic Doeh Whip itself if you prefer. Or you can try a itself if you prefer. Or you can try a itself if you prefer. Or you can try a custom Dole Whip float over at the custom Dole Whip float over at the custom Dole Whip float over at the neighboring Sunshine Tree Terrace window neighboring Sunshine Tree Terrace window neighboring Sunshine Tree Terrace window instead. [music] Pair your Dole Whip instead. [music] Pair your Dole Whip instead. [music] Pair your Dole Whip with anything you want. But when Swirls with anything you want. But when Swirls with anything you want. But when Swirls on the Water opened in Disney Springs on the Water opened in Disney Springs on the Water opened in Disney Springs back in 2022, [music] back in 2022, [music] back in 2022, [music] we were introduced to the wonderful we were introduced to the wonderful we were introduced to the wonderful world of Dolehip Flights where we could world of Dolehip Flights where we could world of Dolehip Flights where we could sample three featured flavors all in sample three featured flavors all in sample three featured flavors all in one. And to this day, these flights one. And to this day, these flights one. And to this day, these flights continue to be the best way for us to continue to be the best way for us to continue to be the best way for us to try out new Dole whip flavors each and try out new Dole whip flavors each and try out new Dole whip flavors each and every month. Doip flights rotate out every month. Doip flights rotate out every month. Doip flights rotate out often to highlight the current seasonal often to highlight the current seasonal often to highlight the current seasonal flavors, though you'll usually always flavors, though you'll usually always flavors, though you'll usually always have the more traditional pineapple Dole have the more traditional pineapple Dole have the more traditional pineapple Dole Whip swirled with soft serve vanilla as Whip swirled with soft serve vanilla as Whip swirled with soft serve vanilla as one of your three options on the flight. one of your three options on the flight. one of your three options on the flight. This is great for those who really can't This is great for those who really can't This is great for those who really can't make up their mind about which flavor to make up their mind about which flavor to make up their mind about which flavor to try and is also great to split amongst try and is also great to split amongst try and is also great to split amongst the fam. But if there's a for sure the fam. But if there's a for sure the fam. But if there's a for sure flavor you know you're going to want a flavor you know you're going to want a flavor you know you're going to want a full serving of like me with lime, it's full serving of like me with lime, it's full serving of like me with lime, it's best to go ahead and buy the full size best to go ahead and buy the full size best to go ahead and buy the full size rather than settle with just a sample rather than settle with just a sample rather than settle with just a sample portion and be sad when it's gone. Been portion and be sad when it's gone. Been portion and be sad when it's gone. Been [music] there, done that. I also want to [music] there, done that. I also want to [music] there, done that. I also want to quickly highlight the dolip margaritas quickly highlight the dolip margaritas quickly highlight the dolip margaritas here, which technically should have been here, which technically should have been here, which technically should have been added to the grown-ups only section, but added to the grown-ups only section, but added to the grown-ups only section, but better late than never, I suppose. The better late than never, I suppose. The better late than never, I suppose. The dolip marks here are something special. dolip marks here are something special. dolip marks here are something special. Why? Because along with the Patron Why? Because along with the Patron Why? Because along with the Patron Margarita [music] Margarita [music] Margarita [music] itself, you'll be able to choose what itself, you'll be able to choose what itself, you'll be able to choose what flavor of Dolehip gets added to your flavor of Dolehip gets added to your flavor of Dolehip gets added to your cocktail, including all the seasonal cocktail, including all the seasonal cocktail, including all the seasonal options currently on offer. I know it's options currently on offer. I know it's options currently on offer. I know it's hard to steer away from the snacks that hard to steer away from the snacks that hard to steer away from the snacks that are shaped like Mickey Mouse's face, but are shaped like Mickey Mouse's face, but are shaped like Mickey Mouse's face, but I promise you, better pretzel snacks I promise you, better pretzel snacks I promise you, better pretzel snacks exist in Disney. You just have to know exist in Disney. You just have to know exist in Disney. You just have to know where to look for them. The warm stuffed where to look for them. The warm stuffed where to look for them. The warm stuffed pretzel with cream cheese likes to pretzel with cream cheese likes to pretzel with cream cheese likes to meander. We've seen it at the snack cart meander. We've seen it at the snack cart meander. We've seen it at the snack cart near Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway near Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway near Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway at Hollywood Studios, [music] but we've at Hollywood Studios, [music] but we've at Hollywood Studios, [music] but we've also seen it at the lunching pad in also seen it at the lunching pad in also seen it at the lunching pad in Magic Kingdom. Wherever this snack pops Magic Kingdom. Wherever this snack pops Magic Kingdom. Wherever this snack pops up for you, be prepared for a doughy up for you, be prepared for a doughy up for you, be prepared for a doughy pretzel stuffed with sweet cream cheese pretzel stuffed with sweet cream cheese pretzel stuffed with sweet cream cheese and dusted with breadcrumbs. It's a and dusted with breadcrumbs. It's a and dusted with breadcrumbs. It's a great option for those who want to pick great option for those who want to pick great option for those who want to pick up something slightly sweet but still up something slightly sweet but still up something slightly sweet but still substantial. And yes, [music] we're substantial. And yes, [music] we're substantial. And yes, [music] we're pretty sure these are the same ones you pretty sure these are the same ones you pretty sure these are the same ones you can pick up at your local Waw Wa gas can pick up at your local Waw Wa gas can pick up at your local Waw Wa gas station. So, those are probably a lot station. So, those are probably a lot station. So, those are probably a lot cheaper. But if you want something brand cheaper. But if you want something brand cheaper. But if you want something brand new to the Disney World scene over at new to the Disney World scene over at new to the Disney World scene over at Block and Hans in Epcot's American Block and Hans in Epcot's American Block and Hans in Epcot's American Adventure Pavilion, you could really Adventure Pavilion, you could really Adventure Pavilion, you could really treat yourself by ordering the soft and treat yourself by ordering the soft and treat yourself by ordering the soft and chewy pretzel nuggets with beer cheese. chewy pretzel nuggets with beer cheese. chewy pretzel nuggets with beer cheese. These have a coating of barbecue spices These have a coating of barbecue spices These have a coating of barbecue spices across each bite, but it's really the across each bite, but it's really the across each bite, but it's really the house-made beer cheese that knocks this house-made beer cheese that knocks this house-made beer cheese that knocks this snack out of the park. The dip is served snack out of the park. The dip is served snack out of the park. The dip is served warm, just like my precious melty warm, just like my precious melty warm, just like my precious melty plastic cheese I love so much. Though plastic cheese I love so much. Though plastic cheese I love so much. Though some of y'all will probably like this some of y'all will probably like this some of y'all will probably like this beer cheese much better than the plastic beer cheese much better than the plastic beer cheese much better than the plastic stuff since it feels a little less stuff since it feels a little less stuff since it feels a little less processed, but I don't know. I still processed, but I don't know. I still processed, but I don't know. I still love them both. Fair warning, you only love them both. Fair warning, you only love them both. Fair warning, you only get one little serving of beer cheese get one little serving of beer cheese get one little serving of beer cheese sauce with your pretzels. So, you might sauce with your pretzels. So, you might sauce with your pretzels. So, you might have to pay a little extra if you want have to pay a little extra if you want have to pay a little extra if you want more, and you will want more. Okay, no, more, and you will want more. Okay, no, more, and you will want more. Okay, no, we're not done with cheese yet. This is we're not done with cheese yet. This is we're not done with cheese yet. This is DFB. Just heads up. Our next category is DFB. Just heads up. Our next category is DFB. Just heads up. Our next category is cheese stuffed items. Yay. [laughter] cheese stuffed items. Yay. [laughter] cheese stuffed items. Yay. [laughter] The crispy mac and cheese bites from The crispy mac and cheese bites from The crispy mac and cheese bites from Wine Bar George and Disney Springs have Wine Bar George and Disney Springs have Wine Bar George and Disney Springs have been a favorite of mine for years and been a favorite of mine for years and been a favorite of mine for years and years, ever since Wine Bar George years, ever since Wine Bar George years, ever since Wine Bar George opened. These golden breaded nuggets are opened. These golden breaded nuggets are opened. These golden breaded nuggets are stuffed with creamy mac and cheese stuffed with creamy mac and cheese stuffed with creamy mac and cheese noodles and served on top of a tomato noodles and served on top of a tomato noodles and served on top of a tomato nage and pecorino. And what makes these nage and pecorino. And what makes these nage and pecorino. And what makes these even better, you don't have to have a even better, you don't have to have a even better, you don't have to have a whole sitdown meal at the Wine Bar in whole sitdown meal at the Wine Bar in whole sitdown meal at the Wine Bar in order to try them. Winebore George has a order to try them. Winebore George has a order to try them. Winebore George has a to-go window called the basket that also to-go window called the basket that also to-go window called the basket that also serves these cheesy nuggets of goodness. serves these cheesy nuggets of goodness. serves these cheesy nuggets of goodness. So even when you don't have time to stop So even when you don't have time to stop So even when you don't have time to stop and eat for a spell, you can still grab and eat for a spell, you can still grab and eat for a spell, you can still grab an order and munch while you window an order and munch while you window an order and munch while you window shop. And this is another thing I love shop. And this is another thing I love shop. And this is another thing I love about Wine Bar George. This place is so about Wine Bar George. This place is so about Wine Bar George. This place is so unpretentious. unpretentious. unpretentious. They love wine, but they also love mac They love wine, but they also love mac They love wine, but they also love mac and cheese bites, and they understand a and cheese bites, and they understand a and cheese bites, and they understand a lot of us love both as well. But brand lot of us love both as well. But brand lot of us love both as well. But brand new on the scene over at the Smiling new on the scene over at the Smiling new on the scene over at the Smiling Crocodile in Animal Kingdom, they keep Crocodile in Animal Kingdom, they keep Crocodile in Animal Kingdom, they keep on changing their menu. And that's fun on changing their menu. And that's fun on changing their menu. And that's fun and games, but now they've got new and games, but now they've got new and games, but now they've got new cheese stuffed arapas on the menu. And cheese stuffed arapas on the menu. And cheese stuffed arapas on the menu. And these need to stay put. You can choose these need to stay put. You can choose these need to stay put. You can choose from two arapas at the Smiling from two arapas at the Smiling from two arapas at the Smiling Crocodile. Either the pulled pork cheese Crocodile. Either the pulled pork cheese Crocodile. Either the pulled pork cheese arapa made with pulled pork, queso arapa made with pulled pork, queso arapa made with pulled pork, queso fresco, and salsa verde, or the pulled fresco, and salsa verde, or the pulled fresco, and salsa verde, or the pulled chicken cheese arrapa made with pulled chicken cheese arrapa made with pulled chicken cheese arrapa made with pulled chicken and avocado dressing, [music] chicken and avocado dressing, [music] chicken and avocado dressing, [music] queso fresco, and salsa verde. So, we queso fresco, and salsa verde. So, we queso fresco, and salsa verde. So, we have a hard time here at DFB choosing have a hard time here at DFB choosing have a hard time here at DFB choosing between the two. They both have strong between the two. They both have strong between the two. They both have strong flavors, high quality meat, and lots of flavors, high quality meat, and lots of flavors, high quality meat, and lots of melty cheese. The chicken is tender and melty cheese. The chicken is tender and melty cheese. The chicken is tender and juicy without being grizzly. And the juicy without being grizzly. And the juicy without being grizzly. And the pulled pork had a fantastic slightly pulled pork had a fantastic slightly pulled pork had a fantastic slightly smoky flavor to it. Just keep in mind smoky flavor to it. Just keep in mind smoky flavor to it. Just keep in mind that the Smiling Crocodile is kind of that the Smiling Crocodile is kind of that the Smiling Crocodile is kind of mercurial. It's typically only open for mercurial. It's typically only open for mercurial. It's typically only open for to 3. So, if you want to try one of to 3. So, if you want to try one of to 3. So, if you want to try one of these, you're going to need to head over these, you're going to need to head over these, you're going to need to head over to the kiosk during lunchtime and before to the kiosk during lunchtime and before to the kiosk during lunchtime and before dinner. And if you don't get to the dinner. And if you don't get to the dinner. And if you don't get to the Smiling Crocodile before it closes, no Smiling Crocodile before it closes, no Smiling Crocodile before it closes, no worries. You can always hit up Eight worries. You can always hit up Eight worries. You can always hit up Eight Spoon Cafe instead for another favorite Spoon Cafe instead for another favorite Spoon Cafe instead for another favorite cheesy Animal Kingdom snack of ours. a cheesy Animal Kingdom snack of ours. a cheesy Animal Kingdom snack of ours. a loaded baked mac and cheese. It's bacon, loaded baked mac and cheese. It's bacon, loaded baked mac and cheese. It's bacon, but not just any bacon. These bacon but not just any bacon. These bacon but not just any bacon. These bacon snacks are going to give you the best of snacks are going to give you the best of snacks are going to give you the best of both worlds. Savory and sweet. If you're both worlds. Savory and sweet. If you're both worlds. Savory and sweet. If you're looking for a less traditional theme looking for a less traditional theme looking for a less traditional theme park snack that the team and I have been park snack that the team and I have been park snack that the team and I have been recommending for years, try the candied recommending for years, try the candied recommending for years, try the candied bacon skewer from Westward Hoe in Magic bacon skewer from Westward Hoe in Magic bacon skewer from Westward Hoe in Magic Kingdom. Now, if you're someone who Kingdom. Now, if you're someone who Kingdom. Now, if you're someone who prefers their bacon thin and crispy, prefers their bacon thin and crispy, prefers their bacon thin and crispy, this isn't that type of bacon. Like if this isn't that type of bacon. Like if this isn't that type of bacon. Like if you're like my mom who basically tells you're like my mom who basically tells you're like my mom who basically tells people to burn her bacon when they bring people to burn her bacon when they bring people to burn her bacon when they bring it to the table, that is not what we're it to the table, that is not what we're it to the table, that is not what we're looking for here. This is more of a pork looking for here. This is more of a pork looking for here. This is more of a pork belly fans kind of bacon, if you know belly fans kind of bacon, if you know belly fans kind of bacon, if you know what I'm saying. It's like a thicker what I'm saying. It's like a thicker what I'm saying. It's like a thicker kind of fatty cut on a stick coated with kind of fatty cut on a stick coated with kind of fatty cut on a stick coated with brown sugar glaze. And I know that brown sugar glaze. And I know that brown sugar glaze. And I know that probably that's the least appetizing way probably that's the least appetizing way probably that's the least appetizing way to describe it, but seriously, the to describe it, but seriously, the to describe it, but seriously, the flavor is juicy and salty. That little flavor is juicy and salty. That little flavor is juicy and salty. That little bit of sweet coating, it's just sweet bit of sweet coating, it's just sweet bit of sweet coating, it's just sweet enough to add a new layer of flavor to enough to add a new layer of flavor to enough to add a new layer of flavor to the whole thing. This thing's complex the whole thing. This thing's complex the whole thing. This thing's complex over there in the middle of Frontier over there in the middle of Frontier over there in the middle of Frontier Land. Okay, and speaking of bacon, what Land. Okay, and speaking of bacon, what Land. Okay, and speaking of bacon, what do we have that's new for you? Well, a do we have that's new for you? Well, a do we have that's new for you? Well, a new cinnamon roll has recently entered new cinnamon roll has recently entered new cinnamon roll has recently entered into the Magic Kingdom scene, and that's into the Magic Kingdom scene, and that's into the Magic Kingdom scene, and that's the Mickeyshaped bacon pecan caramel the Mickeyshaped bacon pecan caramel the Mickeyshaped bacon pecan caramel cinnamon roll from Westward Hoe. And cinnamon roll from Westward Hoe. And cinnamon roll from Westward Hoe. And yes, Westward Ho does like its sweet and yes, Westward Ho does like its sweet and yes, Westward Ho does like its sweet and savory bacon. Granted, you can only pick savory bacon. Granted, you can only pick savory bacon. Granted, you can only pick up this cinnamon roll during breakfast up this cinnamon roll during breakfast up this cinnamon roll during breakfast time, but if you do get the chance to time, but if you do get the chance to time, but if you do get the chance to try it, then prepare yourself for a soft try it, then prepare yourself for a soft try it, then prepare yourself for a soft and plushy baked good that's covered and plushy baked good that's covered and plushy baked good that's covered with loads of caramel sauce. As for the with loads of caramel sauce. As for the with loads of caramel sauce. As for the candied bacon and pecans on top, the candied bacon and pecans on top, the candied bacon and pecans on top, the bacon gives this roll a nice added chew bacon gives this roll a nice added chew bacon gives this roll a nice added chew since those thicker bacon cuts are still since those thicker bacon cuts are still since those thicker bacon cuts are still being used for this treat, too, just in being used for this treat, too, just in being used for this treat, too, just in much smaller sprinkle-ized quantities, much smaller sprinkle-ized quantities, much smaller sprinkle-ized quantities, while the pecans give this roll a nice while the pecans give this roll a nice while the pecans give this roll a nice added crunch. Now, usually a Mickey added crunch. Now, usually a Mickey added crunch. Now, usually a Mickey cinnamon roll is super dry and kind of cinnamon roll is super dry and kind of cinnamon roll is super dry and kind of boring, but this Mickey cinnamon roll is boring, but this Mickey cinnamon roll is boring, but this Mickey cinnamon roll is a winner. 10 out of 10 for this one. a winner. 10 out of 10 for this one. a winner. 10 out of 10 for this one. Okay, it's finally cinnamon roll time. Okay, it's finally cinnamon roll time. Okay, it's finally cinnamon roll time. And of course, we're going to talk about And of course, we're going to talk about And of course, we're going to talk about Gastons first, right? Hitting up Gastons first, right? Hitting up Gastons first, right? Hitting up Gaston's Tavern in the morning to start Gaston's Tavern in the morning to start Gaston's Tavern in the morning to start off my day in Magic Kingdom is one of my off my day in Magic Kingdom is one of my off my day in Magic Kingdom is one of my favorite Disney World pastimes. The favorite Disney World pastimes. The favorite Disney World pastimes. The cinnamon rolls here are huge with tons cinnamon rolls here are huge with tons cinnamon rolls here are huge with tons of ooey gooey icing drizzled on top. So, of ooey gooey icing drizzled on top. So, of ooey gooey icing drizzled on top. So, be sure to ask for extra napkins and be sure to ask for extra napkins and be sure to ask for extra napkins and maybe that extra cup of icing, too. If maybe that extra cup of icing, too. If maybe that extra cup of icing, too. If you've got a sweet tooth like me that you've got a sweet tooth like me that you've got a sweet tooth like me that just can't be tamed. If I hadn't already just can't be tamed. If I hadn't already just can't be tamed. If I hadn't already talked about that new Mickey cinnamon talked about that new Mickey cinnamon talked about that new Mickey cinnamon roll from Westward Hoe, I would have roll from Westward Hoe, I would have roll from Westward Hoe, I would have added it to this category cuz it's added it to this category cuz it's added it to this category cuz it's definitely one of the best ones on definitely one of the best ones on definitely one of the best ones on property right now. But since I did talk property right now. But since I did talk property right now. But since I did talk about that one, that means I get to tell about that one, that means I get to tell about that one, that means I get to tell you about another new cinnamon roll that you about another new cinnamon roll that you about another new cinnamon roll that I've recently fallen head over heels I've recently fallen head over heels I've recently fallen head over heels for, which is the cinnamon roll with for, which is the cinnamon roll with for, which is the cinnamon roll with orange cream cheese icing from Cringa orange cream cheese icing from Cringa orange cream cheese icing from Cringa Bakery Cafe in Epcot. The cinnamon roll Bakery Cafe in Epcot. The cinnamon roll Bakery Cafe in Epcot. The cinnamon roll itself is a classic Disney cinny roll, itself is a classic Disney cinny roll, itself is a classic Disney cinny roll, but it's that creamy orange spread on but it's that creamy orange spread on but it's that creamy orange spread on top with the unique citrus snow. It's top with the unique citrus snow. It's top with the unique citrus snow. It's basically like a scoop of frosting on basically like a scoop of frosting on basically like a scoop of frosting on top of this. It reminds me of the old top of this. It reminds me of the old top of this. It reminds me of the old Disneyland cinnamon rolls. You know how Disneyland cinnamon rolls. You know how Disneyland cinnamon rolls. You know how they used to have just like a giant they used to have just like a giant they used to have just like a giant scoop of frosting on top of them? scoop of frosting on top of them? scoop of frosting on top of them? Anyway, it really sets this one apart Anyway, it really sets this one apart Anyway, it really sets this one apart from the other cinnamon rolls from the other cinnamon rolls from the other cinnamon rolls propertywide. And the orange [music] propertywide. And the orange [music] propertywide. And the orange [music] icing isn't like cloyingly or icing isn't like cloyingly or icing isn't like cloyingly or offensively orange. You can just see a offensively orange. You can just see a offensively orange. You can just see a little bit of the orange zest in there. little bit of the orange zest in there. little bit of the orange zest in there. It just gives this tiny little citrus It just gives this tiny little citrus It just gives this tiny little citrus vibe. So, you know us here at DFB and we vibe. So, you know us here at DFB and we vibe. So, you know us here at DFB and we always have that our little honorable always have that our little honorable always have that our little honorable mention section that we can't live with mention section that we can't live with mention section that we can't live with ourselves if we don't include this stuff ourselves if we don't include this stuff ourselves if we don't include this stuff in videos like this. And so, here's our in videos like this. And so, here's our in videos like this. And so, here's our little section. Bria has named this little section. Bria has named this little section. Bria has named this clashing recommendations clashing recommendations clashing recommendations because she and I, we do not have the because she and I, we do not have the because she and I, we do not have the same taste. Now, Bria, for those of you same taste. Now, Bria, for those of you same taste. Now, Bria, for those of you who don't know, is my script writer here who don't know, is my script writer here who don't know, is my script writer here at DFB Guide. I always joke that she at DFB Guide. I always joke that she at DFB Guide. I always joke that she knows me better than I know myself. We knows me better than I know myself. We knows me better than I know myself. We have very, very different tastes. But have very, very different tastes. But have very, very different tastes. But then again, our whole DFB team has very then again, our whole DFB team has very then again, our whole DFB team has very different tastes, which is the way I different tastes, which is the way I different tastes, which is the way I prefer it. That way, all our guide books prefer it. That way, all our guide books prefer it. That way, all our guide books can be written completely unbiased and can be written completely unbiased and can be written completely unbiased and from all sorts of different from all sorts of different from all sorts of different perspectives. If all of us like perspectives. If all of us like perspectives. If all of us like something, it's probably pretty good. something, it's probably pretty good. something, it's probably pretty good. [laughter] [laughter] [laughter] Anyway, I decided to throw a curveball. Anyway, I decided to throw a curveball. Anyway, I decided to throw a curveball. So, we're going to talk about some of my So, we're going to talk about some of my So, we're going to talk about some of my personal favorite snacks that Bria personal favorite snacks that Bria personal favorite snacks that Bria doesn't agree with, and she's going to doesn't agree with, and she's going to doesn't agree with, and she's going to do the same just to add a little spice do the same just to add a little spice do the same just to add a little spice and maybe make sure we're hitting all of and maybe make sure we're hitting all of and maybe make sure we're hitting all of our bases here. Okay, so going back our bases here. Okay, so going back our bases here. Okay, so going back really quickly to Cringa Bakery Cafe in really quickly to Cringa Bakery Cafe in really quickly to Cringa Bakery Cafe in Epcot, the place that can hook you up Epcot, the place that can hook you up Epcot, the place that can hook you up with a bunch of fresh baked desserts and with a bunch of fresh baked desserts and with a bunch of fresh baked desserts and that awesome cinnamon roll and pastries that awesome cinnamon roll and pastries that awesome cinnamon roll and pastries and stuff. One of the staple items of and stuff. One of the staple items of and stuff. One of the staple items of this little sweet shop is the school this little sweet shop is the school this little sweet shop is the school bread, which is a fluffy sweet roll bread, which is a fluffy sweet roll bread, which is a fluffy sweet roll filled with custard and dipped in filled with custard and dipped in filled with custard and dipped in coconut. It's like a cardamom roll. Now, coconut. It's like a cardamom roll. Now, coconut. It's like a cardamom roll. Now, Bria thinks this tastes like suntan Bria thinks this tastes like suntan Bria thinks this tastes like suntan lotion. I love that it's light and extra lotion. I love that it's light and extra lotion. I love that it's light and extra creamy, and the coconut just makes it creamy, and the coconut just makes it creamy, and the coconut just makes it that much better. I love it. Now, if that much better. I love it. Now, if that much better. I love it. Now, if you're not a fan of coconut, there are you're not a fan of coconut, there are you're not a fan of coconut, there are still plenty of iconic items you can still plenty of iconic items you can still plenty of iconic items you can pick up from this display case instead. pick up from this display case instead. pick up from this display case instead. Now, the Pongu Lubia over at Pongu Now, the Pongu Lubia over at Pongu Now, the Pongu Lubia over at Pongu Pongu. This is something I'll pick up Pongu. This is something I'll pick up Pongu. This is something I'll pick up almost every time I'm in the Pandora almost every time I'm in the Pandora almost every time I'm in the Pandora area. It's one of those things that if I area. It's one of those things that if I area. It's one of those things that if I go get one and I haven't had it in a go get one and I haven't had it in a go get one and I haven't had it in a while and Bria's been filling my head while and Bria's been filling my head while and Bria's been filling my head with all kinds of lies and I go and I with all kinds of lies and I go and I with all kinds of lies and I go and I get one and I'm like, "No, this is get one and I'm like, "No, this is get one and I'm like, "No, this is really good. I love it." Anyway, it's a really good. I love it." Anyway, it's a really good. I love it." Anyway, it's a fried spring roll filled with pineapple fried spring roll filled with pineapple fried spring roll filled with pineapple cream cheese filling and it checks off cream cheese filling and it checks off cream cheese filling and it checks off all the boxes for me. It's sweet and all the boxes for me. It's sweet and all the boxes for me. It's sweet and it's creamy. It's little bit got that it's creamy. It's little bit got that it's creamy. It's little bit got that little crunch to it. It's not going to little crunch to it. It's not going to little crunch to it. It's not going to cost you more than four bucks to try. cost you more than four bucks to try. cost you more than four bucks to try. But this treat really does have the DFB But this treat really does have the DFB But this treat really does have the DFB team split. I mean, you've really got to team split. I mean, you've really got to team split. I mean, you've really got to love pineapple and cream cheese. And if love pineapple and cream cheese. And if love pineapple and cream cheese. And if you don't, then this treat is not for you don't, then this treat is not for you don't, then this treat is not for you. Okay, one more that I want to you. Okay, one more that I want to you. Okay, one more that I want to mention real quick, just because we mention real quick, just because we mention real quick, just because we haven't mentioned it already. I love and haven't mentioned it already. I love and haven't mentioned it already. I love and adore the Hush Puppies from Columbia adore the Hush Puppies from Columbia adore the Hush Puppies from Columbia Harbor House in Magic Kingdom. Love Harbor House in Magic Kingdom. Love Harbor House in Magic Kingdom. Love them, love them, love them. Whenever I them, love them, love them. Whenever I them, love them, love them. Whenever I can find those fried cornbread spheres can find those fried cornbread spheres can find those fried cornbread spheres of goodness, I'm a happy camper. Now, I of goodness, I'm a happy camper. Now, I of goodness, I'm a happy camper. Now, I don't think Bria disagrees with this don't think Bria disagrees with this don't think Bria disagrees with this one. It's just she's from South Carolina one. It's just she's from South Carolina one. It's just she's from South Carolina and hush puppies seem to be more of a and hush puppies seem to be more of a and hush puppies seem to be more of a thing around those parts than they are thing around those parts than they are thing around those parts than they are in the places where I'm from. Like, I in the places where I'm from. Like, I in the places where I'm from. Like, I grew up in New York and I live in Dallas grew up in New York and I live in Dallas grew up in New York and I live in Dallas right now. I just not find a bunch of right now. I just not find a bunch of right now. I just not find a bunch of hush puppies, so I got to get them when hush puppies, so I got to get them when hush puppies, so I got to get them when I can. I can. I can. &gt;&gt; Okay, now it's my turn. When I'm on the &gt;&gt; Okay, now it's my turn. When I'm on the &gt;&gt; Okay, now it's my turn. When I'm on the hunt for a sweet treat, I tend to steer hunt for a sweet treat, I tend to steer hunt for a sweet treat, I tend to steer clear of the marcapone cheesecake stuff. clear of the marcapone cheesecake stuff. clear of the marcapone cheesecake stuff. But I do love a good Disney mousse But I do love a good Disney mousse But I do love a good Disney mousse dessert, which AJ is sometimes less than dessert, which AJ is sometimes less than dessert, which AJ is sometimes less than thrilled about. But oh my goodness, thrilled about. But oh my goodness, thrilled about. But oh my goodness, there's so many good mousse desserts out there's so many good mousse desserts out there's so many good mousse desserts out there, you guys. Like the cookies and there, you guys. Like the cookies and there, you guys. Like the cookies and cream chocolate mousse from Sunshine cream chocolate mousse from Sunshine cream chocolate mousse from Sunshine Seasons in Epcot. and the enchanted rose Seasons in Epcot. and the enchanted rose Seasons in Epcot. and the enchanted rose made with cherry and dark chocolate from made with cherry and dark chocolate from made with cherry and dark chocolate from Catalina Eddies and Hollywood Studios. Catalina Eddies and Hollywood Studios. Catalina Eddies and Hollywood Studios. And the weird and wonderful Satuli And the weird and wonderful Satuli And the weird and wonderful Satuli canteen mousse desserts, including the canteen mousse desserts, including the canteen mousse desserts, including the brand new Monguan mousse that just hit brand new Monguan mousse that just hit brand new Monguan mousse that just hit the menu, featuring a cinnamon milk the menu, featuring a cinnamon milk the menu, featuring a cinnamon milk chocolate mousse, caramelized banana chocolate mousse, caramelized banana chocolate mousse, caramelized banana cake, banana sesame [music] caramel, and cake, banana sesame [music] caramel, and cake, banana sesame [music] caramel, and chocolate sesame crumble. So good. And chocolate sesame crumble. So good. And chocolate sesame crumble. So good. And when it comes to the savory things, I when it comes to the savory things, I when it comes to the savory things, I really don't like hot dogs like at all. really don't like hot dogs like at all. really don't like hot dogs like at all. I'm sorry. I used to like them when I I'm sorry. I used to like them when I I'm sorry. I used to like them when I was younger, but then I grew up and the was younger, but then I grew up and the was younger, but then I grew up and the texture just gets me. That being said, I texture just gets me. That being said, I texture just gets me. That being said, I still love going to Ronto Roers because still love going to Ronto Roers because still love going to Ronto Roers because they have a plant-based version of the they have a plant-based version of the they have a plant-based version of the Ronto Wrap called the Zuki Wrap. The Ronto Wrap called the Zuki Wrap. The Ronto Wrap called the Zuki Wrap. The Zuki Wrap is grilled zucchini, smoky Zuki Wrap is grilled zucchini, smoky Zuki Wrap is grilled zucchini, smoky chickpea onion sllo, creamy garlic chickpea onion sllo, creamy garlic chickpea onion sllo, creamy garlic tahini sauce, and fresh cilantro. It's a tahini sauce, and fresh cilantro. It's a tahini sauce, and fresh cilantro. It's a good adventurous alternative for those good adventurous alternative for those good adventurous alternative for those who are like me and love a variety of who are like me and love a variety of who are like me and love a variety of veggies, but [music] aren't too keen on veggies, but [music] aren't too keen on veggies, but [music] aren't too keen on the hot dog style stuff. Warning, unlike the hot dog style stuff. Warning, unlike the hot dog style stuff. Warning, unlike the Ronto Wrap, the Zuki Wrap does not the Ronto Wrap, the Zuki Wrap does not the Ronto Wrap, the Zuki Wrap does not transfer over to Docking Bay 7 after transfer over to Docking Bay 7 after transfer over to Docking Bay 7 after Ronto Roers closes at 300 p.m. So, if Ronto Roers closes at 300 p.m. So, if Ronto Roers closes at 300 p.m. So, if you want to try it, you will have to go you want to try it, you will have to go you want to try it, you will have to go get this snack before 300 p.m. Okay, so get this snack before 300 p.m. Okay, so get this snack before 300 p.m. Okay, so here are things we can both agree on, here are things we can both agree on, here are things we can both agree on, and we can mutually agree that these are and we can mutually agree that these are and we can mutually agree that these are worth your stomach space and your money. worth your stomach space and your money. worth your stomach space and your money. For instance, take us to Vivy Gelato in For instance, take us to Vivy Gelato in For instance, take us to Vivy Gelato in Disney Springs, and I guarantee you we Disney Springs, and I guarantee you we Disney Springs, and I guarantee you we will both find something that we are will both find something that we are will both find something that we are going to love. There are only two going to love. There are only two going to love. There are only two Vivvily Ill Gelato stores in the world. Vivvily Ill Gelato stores in the world. Vivvily Ill Gelato stores in the world. The original is in Italy while the The original is in Italy while the The original is in Italy while the second is in Disney Springs. Vivival second is in Disney Springs. Vivival second is in Disney Springs. Vivival serves various flavors of gelato made serves various flavors of gelato made serves various flavors of gelato made with fresh seasonal ingredients. But in with fresh seasonal ingredients. But in with fresh seasonal ingredients. But in addition to the gelato, you can addition to the gelato, you can addition to the gelato, you can generally find some sweet and savory generally find some sweet and savory generally find some sweet and savory baked goods nestled in the bakery case, baked goods nestled in the bakery case, baked goods nestled in the bakery case, too, like canoli and bombellinis. That's too, like canoli and bombellinis. That's too, like canoli and bombellinis. That's an Italian doughnut filled with an Italian doughnut filled with an Italian doughnut filled with something like Nutella or vanilla cream. something like Nutella or vanilla cream. something like Nutella or vanilla cream. There are also croissants and more. There are also croissants and more. There are also croissants and more. Anyway, it's a great spot to visit if Anyway, it's a great spot to visit if Anyway, it's a great spot to visit if you've never been there. Over in Epcot, you've never been there. Over in Epcot, you've never been there. Over in Epcot, most of the things in the Leal Bulerie most of the things in the Leal Bulerie most of the things in the Leal Bulerie petissery display case are items that petissery display case are items that petissery display case are items that Bria and I can agree on. Leal is a small Bria and I can agree on. Leal is a small Bria and I can agree on. Leal is a small bakery filled with house-made artisan bakery filled with house-made artisan bakery filled with house-made artisan and authentic French bakery [music] eats and authentic French bakery [music] eats and authentic French bakery [music] eats and treats like kiche and pastries, and treats like kiche and pastries, and treats like kiche and pastries, sandwiches, macaroons, soups, sandwiches, macaroons, soups, sandwiches, macaroons, soups, cappuccinos, and giant just out of the cappuccinos, and giant just out of the cappuccinos, and giant just out of the oven baguettes for less [music] than $5. oven baguettes for less [music] than $5. oven baguettes for less [music] than $5. And finally, let's talk about the item And finally, let's talk about the item And finally, let's talk about the item that all you DFB veterans more than that all you DFB veterans more than that all you DFB veterans more than likely jotted down at the beginning of likely jotted down at the beginning of likely jotted down at the beginning of the video. The cheeseburger spring rolls the video. The cheeseburger spring rolls the video. The cheeseburger spring rolls from Magic Kingdom. You were waiting for from Magic Kingdom. You were waiting for from Magic Kingdom. You were waiting for that one, weren't you? Yep. Bria and I that one, weren't you? Yep. Bria and I that one, weren't you? Yep. Bria and I can definitely both agree on this savory can definitely both agree on this savory can definitely both agree on this savory snack. Take a bit of Big Mac snack. Take a bit of Big Mac snack. Take a bit of Big Mac cheeseburger, fry it up, give it some cheeseburger, fry it up, give it some cheeseburger, fry it up, give it some mayo based dipping sauce to dip it in, mayo based dipping sauce to dip it in, mayo based dipping sauce to dip it in, and you've got yourselves a really and you've got yourselves a really and you've got yourselves a really savory snack winner in our book. The savory snack winner in our book. The savory snack winner in our book. The cheeseburger spring rolls have made a cheeseburger spring rolls have made a cheeseburger spring rolls have made a name for themselves over the years at name for themselves over the years at name for themselves over the years at Magic Kingdom, but if you want to try a Magic Kingdom, but if you want to try a Magic Kingdom, but if you want to try a different spring roll entirely, this different spring roll entirely, this different spring roll entirely, this little cart also offers up rotating little cart also offers up rotating little cart also offers up rotating seasonal options you can try out, too. seasonal options you can try out, too. seasonal options you can try out, too. If you're ready for even more DFB food If you're ready for even more DFB food If you're ready for even more DFB food videos to pile on top of all your new videos to pile on top of all your new videos to pile on top of all your new wealth of best Disney World snack wealth of best Disney World snack wealth of best Disney World snack knowledge, consider checking out one of knowledge, consider checking out one of knowledge, consider checking out one of our more recent releases, like every our more recent releases, like every our more recent releases, like every Disney World Resort breakfast [music] Disney World Resort breakfast [music] Disney World Resort breakfast [music] best value. And don't forget to download best value. And don't forget to download best value. And don't forget to download our free sample DisneyWorld snack guide our free sample DisneyWorld snack guide our free sample DisneyWorld snack guide if you haven't already over at if you haven't already over at if you haven't already over at disneyfoodblog.com/bestnacks. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks Thanks for listening everyone and thanks Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. It's going to be an for watching. It's going to be an for watching. It's going to be an awesome awesome time in Disney World in awesome awesome time in Disney World in awesome awesome time in Disney World in Food Vlog and we'll see you real soon.
