---
video_id: O_dGqY7PULo
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Latest Disney News: Flower & Garden Menus, is Villains Land Scrapped?? And MORE!"
published: 2026-02-21
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_dGqY7PULo
---
Flower and garden menus are finally here. We've already spotted some returning favorites and a few surprises you're definitely going to want on your must eat list at the next Epcot Festival. Meanwhile, the internet is buzzing about rumors that Villain's Land might be getting scrapped. Don't panic. We're breaking down what's actually being said and what it means. And over in Magic Kingdoms, Cinderella Castle's paint refresh just hit a new milestone and it looks wild. All the latest Disney and theme park news is coming up right now here on DFB Guide. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. We've got important updates from around Disney World that will affect your trip. But first, we're starting with our favorite kind of news to share, festival menus. Let's dive in. This is not a drill. We officially have menus for the Epcot International Flower and Garden Festival. Thank goodness because it starts like in a week and a half. Anyway, the 2026 Epcot Flower and Garden Festival runs from March 4th to June 1st. The festival's full of gorgeous flowers and topiaries, special entertainment, and lots of delicious food and drinks. We've been eagerly awaiting the full menus for this year's festival, and the time has officially arrived. Some fan favorites are returning like the trio of dips and chips, lemonchello sparkling cocktail with basil this time, avocado toast, ceviche, hibiscus lemonade cocktail, and chicken and waffles. But there are over 70 new items coming to the festival this year, including a brand new booth called Nectar. Here's a sneak peek at their dessert. The coconut panacotta is made with cherry gel and matcha crumb topped with a citrus cookie, plant-based mering, and flour confetti. Other new items or newish twists on old items include a black and fish slider, strawberry basil lemonade, cola miso ribs, and coconut chocolate fla. Cannot wait for opening day to try all the amazing food. Be sure you're following us on social media to see all of our opening day coverage. You know, we go to every single booth, we eat everything, and we get you the best of the fest immediately. We've got a progress update on Cinderella Castle herself. You can now see the new grave from the front of the castle. It's not super obvious just yet from the front, but if you're really looking for it, you will find it from the side. You can clearly see the split between the two colors. Depending on what's next in the repainting process, the castle might be entering its awkward phase from the front, but it's all part of the process. You ready for the nostalgic gray to be back, or are you already missing that pink? A new snack spot just opened in the Norway Pavilion in Epcot. It's located right at the front of the pavilion with a mossy green roof. Can't miss it. They're serving up the iconic school bread, which you can also grab at Cringa Bakery. It tasted absolutely delicious, as usual. This one's a forever favorite. That soft coconut coating with a cold vanilla custard inside, is such a good combo. We also tried the troll cream for $5.79. It's a frozen blend of cranberry and vanilla that was sweet without being overpowering and had just the right hint of tartness. Kids are going to love this one and honestly, it's the perfect refresher for those hot Florida days coming up. They're also serving a few different beers and ice cream treats and sodas. In fact, Disney's calling this the Norway beer cart, so there's a little something for everyone. Two huge changes were just announced for Disneyland. This got in just at the last minute of me recording for this latest news. Park hopping rules are changing over there on the West Coast. Later this year, Disneyland is eliminating the 11:00 a.m. park hopping rule, which we are all celebrating about. Previously, you had to start in the park tied to your reservation and wait until 11:00 a.m. to hop. Soon, you're going to be able to hop freely between Disneyland Park and Disney California Adventure at any time. We don't have an exact start date yet, but it's expected later this year. And Monsters, Inc. is sticking around longer. Yep, Monsters Inc. Mike and Sully to the Rescue will now stay open through 2026 and close in 2027 instead of early 2026. So, that has been taken off of the chopping block for this year. The ride will eventually close at Disney California Adventure to make way for the Avatar expansion, but it's gotten a little reprieve, y'all. So, be sure to dress up and get there first so you can be screamer of the day. There is so much construction happening around Disney World right now, it's time for an update. First, let's look at the progress at Piston Peak National Park in Magic Kingdom. The new Piston Peak National Park area in Magic Kingdom is inspired by the movie Cars. Piston Peak is going to invite guests to enter the world of cars with a national park twist. So far, Disney has announced that this new area will feature two new Cars attractions. The newest photos show concrete forms with rebar being placed in the new area. These are the first foundations for the ride route for one of the new attractions. We can also see some of the elevation changes being added to this area. A plateau is being built in the middle of Piston Peak National Park. There's also additional land clearing happening near the Haunted Mansion and the It's a Small World Ride buildings. Beyond Big Thunder Mountain, we can also see work being done on what will eventually become the new Villains Land in Magic Kingdom, which speaking of Villains Land, I've got some news on that one in just a second. Next park over in Disney's Hollywood Studios, the new Monsters Inc. Monstropolis is making headway. We recently visited the construction site of the new Monsters Inc. land which is located where the Muppets courtyard used to be. We got a look at one building which will be the Glob Theater where we believe a new Monsters Inc. show will be performed. Right now, Disney has stripped away the signs and marquee from the previous Muppet Vision 3D building. According to the concept art for the new land, a new marquee and signage will go in those spaces. Construction seems to be moving at a pretty quick pace here, so we'll have to keep checking for updates to see how things are moving along. Disney has not yet released an opening timeline for the new land, but we're hoping it's sooner rather than later. Next park. Told you lot is happening right now. Now, my dino fans, this one will be a sad update. Disney has wasted no time in beginning the demolition of Dino Land USA. And new photos show how quickly the company's moving on this. Disney World really said, "Let's go get that dino." But not in a fun way. If you were a fan of that iconic iguanadon, you should brace yourself. The dinosaur fountain and much of the ground concrete has been removed from Dino Land. In front of the restaurantosaurus building, Disney has completely ripped up the ground and even laid out orange safety fencing. We can also really see the progress of the Encanto ride building. This building has been going up pretty quickly and will be home to a ride, which is probably a boat ride. It will begin just as Antonio has received his special gift and his room becomes a beautiful rainforest. you go explore with him and according to Disney, you never know what member of the family you might bump into. In addition to the Encanto ride and the carousel, the land will also feature that brand new Indiana Jones attraction which is coming into the old dinosaur building. It'll be an original story line, making it different from Disneyland's version of the ride, Tokyo Disneyland's version of the ride. So, it's going to be a completely different ride from what you've ridden if you've gone to other parks around the world. The land will also be home to a large quick service, one of the biggest in Disney World, as well as new shopping and a play area. Can't wait to see it all come to life when the land opens sometime in 2027. Have you ever searched around Disneyland looking for that very specific merchandise item? It can be timeconuming and tiring and frustrating at times. Well, this new feature on the Disneyland app might change everything when it comes to shopping. Now you can use the app to see what Disneyland merchandise is in stock in stores and at what stores it's available. Check out the find merchandise feature, a brand new limited time test run specifically for Lunar New Year merch items. Once you click on the feature, it'll have a popup letting you know that it's just a trial run. It also has a description of the details of the brand new feature. Once you get in, you'll see a section with top products to inspire you, as well as a section with merchandise items that are trending. If you know exactly what you're looking for, you can use the search bar. We searched for where the Lunar New Year Mickey plush might be, and it gave us a list of detailed results. It included which stores had it in stock, which stores didn't have it in stock, and even the store's hours. We're hoping this becomes a permanent feature. It would be such a gamecher for shopping at Disneyland. The feature has also been in the testing stage for the Disney World app since November. Testing has limited the feature to only showing stock at World of Disney and Disney Springs, but can you imagine if this gets expanded? That would be great. You all know how obsessed we are with that one show. So, we had to make this happen with the castle because that is my cottage. And we had to make two rivaling designs so you could pick the one that fits your cottage castle vibes. We've got one rustic and snowy and a pink and gold version for a classic castle look. Grab yours or another fun Disney design over at dfbstore.com. The owner of Gideon's Bake House is opening a new restaurant at Disney Springs. Now, this isn't news. It was announced a while ago, but we do have an update for you. Six Ravens is going to be a fast casual concept that will specialize in savory hand pies. It's going to open sometime in 2026, but we've got an update that means work is happening, and we're crossing our fingers that means we'll be getting new savory treats sooner than later. The First Raven LLC just filed a construction permit with the state of Florida. These construction permits indicate that the company will be doing $5,000 or more in renovation work that requires government approval. The construction is for a kitchen renovation. Six Ravens will be in the storefront previously occupied by the art of shaving. So, we're expecting it to look pretty different when there's a restaurant inside. Not every space in Springs has a full kitchen. Some use other spaces and bring in their products to the storefront. So, we're excited to see the new setup and this kitchen renovation could add an oven to warm treats fresh and other food safety features like sinks and fridges. And the menu already has us drooling. They're going to specialize in savory hand pies called coffins. It's a housemade yeast roll stuffed with fillings created in partnership with other Central Florida chefs. Creator Steve Lewis has hinted that one hand pie will be made with Disney Springs barbecue restaurant, The Polite Pig. Now, those two have definitely collaborated before. Also on the menu are smashed potatoes, local beer, and some tasty desserts. So, we cannot wait to see it open. Disney is currently developing its first ever Villains Land. It's going to be located in the Magic Kingdom, and fans absolutely lost their minds when it was first announced at D23 in 2024. Since then, we've seen work begin on the land, and Disney's even teased some of the details coming. As we eagerly await new details, rumors have started circulating that Disney has scrapped Villains Land. But what does that mean? Let's break it down. If you're seriously into Disney, you might be on the side of the internet where different rumors and theories and more circulate. Now, we love theorizing and hearing what might be coming to Disney. But lately, we've seen people worry that Disney's scrapping the upcoming land. What's really interesting is that there might be some truth to it, but not in the way you're thinking. Disney's remained pretty tight- lipped about what we can expect over in Villains Land, and that's very intentional. While rumors continue to swirl about the land's fate, the truth is that Disney is still an early development for this land. They have a huge legacy to live up to, especially when it comes to the Disney theme parks and villains brand combined. We have no doubt that Disney's trying to deliver the best of the best on all of their upcoming projects, especially the highly anticipated Villains Land. Now, it's no secret that expectations from Disney fans are high. And Josh Dearo, Disney's current experience as chairman and upcoming CEO, has said this land will be pushing creative boundaries on an incredibly twisted grand scale. Demarro or Iger or whoever is calling the theme park shots right now is reportedly pushing the team to think bigger, which has led to the rumors about things being scrapped. Supposedly, the initial plans for the land are being reconsidered for bigger ideas. This is no cause for concern. This is pretty standard for Disney projects and we would argue that this is watching creative genius at its finest. I guarantee you this same sort of getting rid of old ideas and pushing for even more creative ideas is happening across all of the expansions going on around the Disney parks right now. It's not only expected but guaranteed that Disney will change their plans along the way to truly raise the bar and overachieve compared to our expectations. This is Disney after all. They've created the bar, so they will continue to raise it. While the concept of villains land ideas getting scrapped might sound scary, it shouldn't be. Disney right now is getting rid of old ideas and pushing the envelope at PBlo Espironza and Monstropolis and Avengers Campus and the upcoming Coco attraction in Disneyland. There are lots of changes going on within these projects all the time that we don't even know about. This is how good ideas get even better when it comes to creatives dreaming up what might feel impossible. Concept art will change. Big ideas will shift. That's to be expected during times like these. We would say that you should expect a few more scrapped ideas before any of these new lands open throughout the theme parks. At the time of this video, Disney hasn't shared an opening timeline for Villains Land, and it might be so that they can make it even bigger and more villainous. In case you missed it, Disney recently announced who would become the next CEO of the company. Chairman of Disney Experiences, Josh Dearo, is taking over the big job. and he's not holding back ahead of that takeover. Rumors have been swirling that he's already pushing the Walt Disney Imagineering team to go above and beyond expectations. Now he's getting real about things fans like but they don't really love. One example is Millennium Falcon Smugglers Run. This is over in Disneyland and Disney World in Galaxy's Edge tends to see higher weight times. Josh is aware though that a fix is needed. In regard to the ride, Dearo said guests like it, but they don't love it. He believes the main issue is that it really is a six-person ride, but only the two pilots in the front control the experience. The gunner and the engineer positions are less active, leading those guests to have a lesser experience than those who get to sit in the front. Now, we know a lot of changes are coming to this ride on May 22nd, and guests will now be able to select their destination. The engineer is also going to be able to communicate with Grou through the new mission, which is a huge improvement on this otherwise limited ride seat. While there's no guarantee these changes will impact the way that Disney wants them to, it's clear that Tomorrow and his team are focused on taking some experiences from liked to loved. We'll see what happens. Disneyland Resort has just added two more refurbishments to their list, both starting on the same day. Currently, the Disneyland refurbishment calendar only goes out to March 30th at this time, but from what we can see, both the Disneyland Montreal and Roger Rabbit's Cartoon Spin over there in Toontown will be going under refurbishment on the same day. Jungle Cruise will also be closed in Disneyland as well, and Grizzly River Run will be unavailable in California Adventure. This is all in addition to the major construction happening over in Avengers Campus with the new parking deck going in and the entirety of the Disneyland Forward project. If you're visiting this year, you'll want to pack your patience and prepare yourself for some serious walls. Exciting news, y'all. Blacktap Craft Burgers and Shakes is having a popup at Disney Springs. Starting March 2nd, they'll take over the former Sprinkles location and serve their iconic Crazy Shakes for 90 days. They'll have the special edition Mickey Shake, the Bam Bam Shake, the Cookie Shake, the Cookies and Cream Supreme, and the Brooklyn Blackout. Now, as you know, BlackTap has a location over in Disneyland, and so this is the first time you're actually going to see the Mickey Crazy Shake on the East Coast. We stopped by Hollywood Brown Derby this week in Hollywood Studios to try several of the brand new menu items. And while it's still the fanciest spot in the park, some of the restaurant's best dishes aren't on the menu at the moment, and that left us a little disappointed. If you want the full rundown of what impressed us and what didn't, you can check out our complete review over on disneyfoodblog.com. I'll even link the review for you down below. As always, we are constantly eating our way through Disney World restaurants, usually twice a year for all of them, so we can keep the DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining updated with the most accurate, up-to-date advice for your trip. If you're interested, head to dfbstore.com to check out all of our guides to Disney World. And don't forget to use code YouTube for a discount. A big snack change has been, I don't know, I guess confirmed for Galaxy's Edge in Disneyland. We have chatted with cast members who confirm that the green milk is being discontinued at the milk stand in Galaxy's Edge due to low demand. Now again, this is just in Disneyland, not Disney World. Once the current supply runs out, they won't be ordering more. If you're a green milk fan, this is your sign to grab it while you still can. Blue milk and pink milk are sticking around in Disneyland. And if you're heading to Florida, green milk is still available at Galaxy's Edge and Hollywood Studios. Disney snacks come and go. Sometimes they disappear quietly. So, this is one of those get it before it's gone moments. Say hello to Epcot's newest and cutest little sweet treat over at Leol in the France Pavilion. You can grab the new chocolate marshmallow bear for 5.95. And he might be the cutest treat we've seen in a long time. This one's made with dark chocolate, so it's a little more bitter and not overly sugary. If you're not a dark chocolate fan, you might not love it as much, but if you are, you're going to really appreciate that it's not as crazy sweet as a milk chocolate bear would be. Inside is a super soft squishy marshmallow. And if you let it melt just a tiny bit in the sun, then the chocolate gets this soft bite instead of a hard shell. It's more of a smooth coating around the marshmallow, which actually makes it even better. At the end of the day, it tastes exactly like what you'd expect. A marshmallow covered in nice, not too sweet, dark chocolate, but in the cutest possible form. If you're heading to Disney World soon, I've got to remind you of an update. The Cruise Cup lounge is closing very soon at Disney's Yacht Club. Yep. Our beloved dark and vibe lounge is closing temporarily and our beloved prime rib sliders will be a memory for now. This popular spot will be closing on February 23rd and will stay closed until Mayish 2026 for a big refurb. While we will truly struggle without the sliders for a few months, we're just relieved it's only a temporary closure. Disney's shared that this is part of a refurbishment process at Disney's Yach Club through late 2026. As far as the changes to the lounge go, Disney hasn't shared exactly what's changing at the cruise cup. I'm hoping not too much because I'm pretty nostalgic about this place, but we know how it goes, right? We're anticipating some refreshed interior changes, updated finishes, possibly some menu or layout adjustments, hopefully just a few upgrades, but Disney did warn that guests staying at the resort might hear construction during the day. Cruise Cup is one of our favorite ways to unwind after a long abcot day, so it'll be missed over the next few months. The Shaken and Stirred cocktail series has returned to the Edison in Disney Springs. These hands-on classes allow guests to explore premium spirits and learn cocktail making techniques and have a late lunch. These classes take place on select Saturdays throughout 2026. If you're heading to Disney World this week, there are a few deadlines and closures that you need on your radar. Rock and Roller Coaster is officially closing for refurbishment on March 2nd. So, you've only got a little bit of time left to get in one last limo ride with Aerosmith. Annual passholders also have a ticking clock. The last day to pick up the free passholder magnet with Nick and Judy is March 15th. And over in Animal Kingdom, starting on February 23rd, the affection section at Rafiki's Planet Watch will be temporarily closing. The affection section is where you encounter a variety of adorable animals at Disney World's one and only petting zoo. Now, affection section will be closing to make way for a new Bluey experience coming to the park for Cool Kids Summer. And this will be the first Bluey experience at Disney World. We wish we could say it's the only closure, but that's not the case. Of course, Disney also announced that this temporary closure will affect the Wildlife Express train over there in Animal Kingdom, which is the only way to get from the main part of Animal Kingdom over to Rafiki's Planet Watch. So that means this entire section of the park will be closed until summer. The one thing we can breathe about is that these closures are only temporary. There's no indication of when they'll reopen, but Cool Kid summer officially kicks off on May 26th. And starting Thursday, February 26th, the Run Disney Princess half marathon weekend kicks off, which means early morning road closures, heavier resort traffic, and noticeably higher crowds in the parks as runners and their families arrive. Anyone running this year? Let me know in the comments. It's definitely a week where a little extra planning will go a long way. You're walking past one of the best souvenirs in Epcot. Did you know about this free souvenir upgrade? At the Mitsukoshi department store in the Japan Pavilion, you can get any fan you purchase customized with your name on it. There are a ton of different colors and designs to choose from, and the fans are around $16 each. All you have to do is ask at the register when you're checking out and a cast member will write your name or whatever you want them to write within reason in Japanese right on your fan. And like I said, you don't have to put your name on it. We got Disney adults written on ours. It's such a fun little upgrade that makes your souvenir feel extra special. It's never been a better time to be a Star Wars fan. Not only do we have Star Wars Galaxy's Edge in the Parks, but we also have shows to look forward to on Disney Plus, including a second season of Ahsoka, upcoming movies, and so much new merchandise. Speaking of the merch, we also have the release of The Mandalorian and Grou to look forward to on May 22nd. And Disney's about to drop a ton of new merchandise to celebrate the release of that film. If you collect action figures, you'll want to get your hands on these new Black Series and the Vintage Collection figures inspired by the film. The new Black Series collection features the Mandalorian and Grou figure, the Colonel Ward aka Sigourney Weaver figure, and the vintage collection IG11 figure, and more. Great news for LEGO fans, too. New sets are themed around the Mandalorian and Grou. Lego Star Wars and Zelen Starship building set, the Lego Star Wars New Republic X-Wing Starf Fighters coming out, and the Lego Star Wars the Mandalorian and Grou allies and villains building set are on their way. New plushes and toys are also coming to stores soon. You're going to be able to grab the brand new Action Buddy Grou, which is available for pre-order now. There's also the Grou Deluxe Basics Plus from Mattel, which has a soft body for cuddling. But here's the big one. For those who miss Furbies, well, a Furby Furlitz Grou is on the way. It will include interactive sound and movement and fill you with loads of nostalgia. If you like to wear your Star Wars fandom, a lot of new Mandalorian and Grou tees and hats and more will be hitting stores soon. You'll even find a movie inspired tote bag. But that's not all. Disney's promising even more product drops to accompany the Mandalorian and Grou, so we'll be keeping an eye out for more. We've got fantastic news for Doney and Burke fans out there. There's a new collection online that you don't want to miss. We think this new style will be perfect for a lot of fans, but especially if you love the classics Mickey and Minnie. First up is the Mickey and Minnie Mouse Doney and Burke tote bag, which features Mickey and Minnie exploring Main Street and all its iconic stores. The design is mostly in black and white artwork style, but there are pops of black and red all over as well. The bag also features a magnetic snap top closure, interior zip pocket, which I can't live without, two interior slip pockets, a cell phone pocket, and an interior key hook. This is great to fit everything you need, then the design is just very, very cute. And is it really a Doneyi and Burke collection if there aren't matching ears? The Mickey and Minnie Mouse ears are also online, and they feature the same pattern on the ears. The earband is black leather, as is the bow in the middle, and it's complete with a gold Doneyi and Bberg badge in the middle as well. We have a feeling these will sell out pretty quickly, so grab them while you can. We're trying to make the whole Disney World planning process a little easier for you. And if you're looking for a good park bag, we've tried a few and now we're going to tell you about one of our favorites. Now you can officially cross the get park bag off your planning list because we've tried them all and we found the best. Yep, we know lounge flies are cute to carry around and a lot of folks love backpacks, but when we switched to this sling bag for our park bag, we were sold. This one might be small, but it's mighty and it offers a great deal of organization, which is always important when you need to find things quickly. There's also a handy front pocket and back pocket for storing additional items. We were surprised at just how much this bag could hold. It has adjustable straps so you can wear it comfortably, and it's a very comfortable bag to wear. But mostly it was just nice visiting the parks with such a small bag that could still carry everything we needed. We were also impressed with the quality of the bag. Anyway, we put this one through its paces and it passed all our tests. It's a great option for a park bag and it comes in a variety of colors and patterns if you want to get multiple ones to match outfits. The link is down below if you want to check it out for yourself. And that's the latest from Disney World today. We're already tracking the next round of updates. So, hit that subscribe button to stay ahead of every change in Disney World, Disneyland, Disney Cruise Line, and abroad because guess what? We're going to Singapore. We're going to Paris. Lots is coming up next month. So, you need to stay tuned. And don't forget to follow us on social media and subscribe to the newsletter to get even more breaking news, planning tips, and food updates delivered straight to you. Thanks for listening, everyone, and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog, and we'll see you real soon.
