---
video_id: p-7J7ZtdTd4
channel: DFBGuide
title: "The ULTIMATE Guide to Disneyland Paris -- Plus BRAND NEW World of Frozen"
published: 2026-04-10
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-7J7ZtdTd4
---
Champagne on Main Street, drone shows, and Robo Loft. Disneyland Paris just expanded and opened a whole new land. And we were there. We're here to tell you everything we learned during our last visit, as well as what we wish we'd known before we got there. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. Disneyland Paris is looking way different lately. We've got a revamped park, new rides, new restaurants, and just a whole lot of new stuff going on in general. But the goal of today's video is to show you what you can expect from a Disneyland Paris visit before you go, which includes the good and maybe the not so good. Let's get the 101 details out first. The whole Disneyland Paris resort isn't actually located in Paris. Rather, it's located just east of central Paris, right next to Marne Laval Chessie Transit Station. Disneyland Paris has two parks that are within walking distance to each other, much like Disneyland out in Anaheim, California. And the first is the Disneyland Paris Park itself, which is deeply inspired by romantic fairy tales and real life castles of its European setting. Then there's Disney Adventure World, which is a whole new revamp of the former Walt Disney Studios Park, but we'll go more into all that in our next point. Lots to cover there. Again, much like Disneyland out in California, Disneyland Paris has its own shopping district called the Disney Village, located right outside the two parks. It's not big, but you will find shopping, dining, entertainment, and a big old tethered hot air balloon, just like Disney Springs has in Orlando. The Disneyland Paris Resort area is also home to seven different Disney hotels. Most are within walking distance to the parks and shopping district, except for the Davy Crockett Ranch, but again, I'll talk more about that later on. For the Disney hotels that have shuttle services, which is most of them, shuttles will drop you off at the Marley Valet Chassis train station, which is right there next to Disney Village. Shuttles show up at your hotel or at the train station every 15 to 20 minutes, starting at 6:30 a.m. and going till 11:45 p.m. unless you're visiting during the summer. Then they're going to keep operating until 1:00 a.m. Once upon a time, it was known as Walt Disney Studios Park. Now, it's Disney Adventure World, which made its official debut with its new branding on March 29th, 2026. Disney Adventure World currently features five distinct lands. World Premiere Plaza is like Main Street USA, but this place rolls out the red carpet for you, literally. Right from the get-go, you'll still be able to find classic rides that have carried over from the Walt Disney Studios park, like Tower of Terror. Plus, this is where you'll also be able to ride the new Ripon Tangled Spin, which is a spinning Tangled themed ride that's cute and artsy, but you know, it's still basically the teacups. No reinventing the wheel here. To the left of World Premiere Plaza, you're going to find Avengers Campus, which houses all the different Marvel rides and attractions. To the right of World Premiere Plaza, you're going to find Worlds of Pixar with attractions themed around Toy Story, Finding Nemo, Cars, and more. Straight ahead from the plaza, you'll cross into the revamped Adventure Way, which is a new spacious walking path where you might just stumble upon Minnie Mouse leading a Disney marching band. Speaking of characters, Disney Adventure World has a brand new Regal View Restaurant and Lounge on Adventure Way, where you'll not only get to meet a lot of Disney princesses, but you'll get to meet them in their more casual wear, which doesn't really happen a whole lot for our Disney gals. Plus, this is where you're also going to be able to ride the new Ripon Tangled Spin, which is a spinning Tangled themed ride that's cute and artsy, but you know, it's still the teacups at its core. No reinventing the wheel here. And finally, the land we were most excited to see. We've got the brand new world of Frozen. This is very similar to the one over in Hong Kong Disneyland with the same Frozen Ever After dark ride that you might already know and love if you've been to Epcot out in Orlando. Overall, the world of Frozen inside Disney Adventure World was actually smaller than the version inside Hong Kong, but it's still a lot of fun. You get to meet Mossi, the rock troll, who's adorable, and you still get to dine and shop around Arendelle, which you could fill up a good chunk of your park day with. But our two favorite parts about going to World of Frozen during this past visit were meeting Olaf. He didn't even need a snow cloud to follow him around. He was just completely alive. and watching a celebration in Arendelle, which is a fun boat show that happens on the fjord in front of Arendelle Castle. World of Frozen also has a new quick service called Nordic Crowns Tavern, which features lots of decorations and craftsmanship that tell the story of the Kingdom of Arendelle through galleries of paintings and royal artifacts. We didn't love the food here when we tried it, but if you want to try some Nordic cuisine and eat with sparkly silverware, then maybe you'll still want to give this place a go. So, what's our overall review of the new Disney Adventure World? It's a great step up, but let's be real, the bar wasn't super high to begin with. No offense, Walt Disney Studios Park, but you just never really had a whole lot to offer. Not when compared to the other Disney parks around the world, so any sort of expansion or improvement was going to be major. And this is just the beginning for Disney Adventure World. Currently, the park's working on building a Lion King themed area that is highly anticipated. It's going to include a flume ride that according to the concept art is going to be very reminiscent of Tiana's Bayou Adventure and a spinning carousel ride themed around Pixar's Up is in the works as well. There's so much on the horizon for Disney Adventure World and we cannot wait to see that take shape. But as Imagineers continue to flesh out this park, I do have to warn you about something that threw some of our reporters off during this last visit. Since France labor laws are different from the United States, you'll often see painting and construction work happening inside the parks during the day rather than how the parks over in the states work on the main stuff at night to keep from breaking the magic any more than the scrim and scaffolding already do. This isn't going to impact the rides or restaurants any, but it may be kind of distracting when you're exploring some sections of the park. Okay, there are drone shows. They are back and up and running in Disneyland Paris. Over in Disney Adventure World, you can now watch the new Cascade of Lights show, which happens nightly on the lake. During this show, you'll watch Disney and Pixar heroes embark on a quest for destiny, which is all brought to life using fireworks, watercreen projections, and of course, those drone displays. And the best part is, similar to, say, watching Luminous over in Epcot, there's really not a bad angle for this show. Just as long as you're standing somewhere with a view of the lake, you should be able to see it all unfold. Meanwhile, over in Disneyland Paris Park, the latest fireworks castle show going on is called Tales of Magic, which similar to our domestic fireworks castle shows features not just fireworks in Disney music, but also state-of-the-art projections on the castle itself that stretch down Main Street USA. But the first version of Tales of Magic used to feature drones as well, but per the release of this video, the drones are no longer being used in that particular show. If you go to the Disneyland Paris parks thinking that all the food you try is going to be on par with other Disney theme park restaurants, you might be setting yourself up for disappointment. It just doesn't quite hit the same way. And while some places are decent, nothing really makes you forget that you're dining at a theme park, especially with those food prices. But if you're looking for the best places to dine and snack and drink around Disneyland Paris, here are some of our personal favorites. Beastro Sha Remy inside Disney Adventure World at Worlds of Pixar is adorable. This place feels like you've been shrunk down to the size of a rat, and you're inside a kitchen run by everyone's favorite little chef, Remy from Pixar's Ratatouille. Adults can choose between two prefix menus, the Remy menu or the Emil menu. The Remy menu is €45, around $52, and comes with a starter and main course, while the Emil menu is $55, about $62, and comes with a starter, main course, and dessert. The food here is good with options like seasonal soups, grilled steak, a froage blanc raspberry on traé shaped like a slice of cheese and more, but you're definitely paying more for the overall atmosphere here. Also, in Worlds of Pixar, you can order the Krog McQueen from a cute little snack stand called the laugh and go. This is a ham and lavash kurit. Basically, the laughing cow melted cheese sandwich toasted to order in a flash. Get it, Lightning McQueen. Flash. Yeah. Is it the best croak misure you're going to get in Paris? No, but it's melty cheese, hot ham, and toasted bread. Hard to go wrong there. The web food truck, also in Disney Adventure World at Avengers Campus, serves various noodle bowls for lunch and different treats, desserts, and drinks. Though, our favorite dessert was definitely the Flora Colossus Biscuit, the chocolate hazelnut, which is a Grootshaped biscuit with a chocolate hazelnut flavor. We like this more for the Groot shape than anything. It's a good cookie, but nothing I'd go out of my way for again. The Royal Banquet at Disneyland Hotel is a higherend buffet with fun, creative options, but the Royal Character meet and greets with Mickey and friends are really where the fun begins here. Agraba Buffet is probably our favorite sit-down location at the moment over in Disneyland Paris Park. You'll find this one over in Adventureland, and it serves up all you can eat Middle Eastern cuisine. But Waltz, an American restaurant also in Disneyland Paris Park on Main Street, USA, is one of the most noteworthy restaurants for guests. Waltz is a Victorian style tribute to the life and work of Walt Disney, featuring a menu filled with contemporary American cuisine and European influences. Atmospherically, the restaurant is beautiful. The rooms are decorated with a mix of Disney family photos and memorabilia, as well as concept art that inspired the OG park's various lands. But for $60 per adult, the food overall really doesn't live up to the hype in our opinion. Everything just felt like it needed more salt and seasoning overall. But that was just our takeaway and you might still want to try this place out if you're looking for that quintessential Disneyland Paris dining experience. Roseri Rosalie inside Disney Village is a bar and cafe with a pretty extensive menu of options ranging from things like an oyster bar, seafood platters, soups, cheese plates, and more. And last but not least, brace yourself for this one. It's time for me to recommend McDonald's inside Disney Village. I know the McDonald's here not only gives us a taste of home, but it's also one of the best places to eat. And that's why it's always slammed with guests. So, be prepared to wait in long lines for those chicken nugs. Honestly, the best things you're going to find across these parks to munch on are not surprisingly, the ice cream and pastry selections. The Cookie Kitchen on Main Street USA in Disneyland Paris Park has chocolate hazelnut stuffed Mickey beignes, Mickeyshaped cookies, and lots of fresh baked goods like croissants and muffins and more. As far as ice cream goes, make your way over to March Hair Refreshments in Fantasy Land, and pick up the Unbirth ice cream, which is a normal vanilla ice cream, but it's topped the salted butter caramel sauce, popcorn, and a cute little Madhatter chocolate piece. The ice cream creations over in Disney Adventure World's Premier Plaza have Magnum ice cream bars that have been customized to represent some of your favorite Disney characters, like Lightning McQueen, Sheriff Woody, and Elsa. Oh, and don't forget Disneyland Paris is the only Disney park in the world where you can enjoy a flute of bubbly champagne on Main Street USA in front of the castle. To find the Main Street cart that sells champagne on the go, just head to the end of the street toward the castle and turn right. A lot of Disneyland Paris's rides might seem familiar, but they're not all cookie cutters of what you can find in the domestic parks. Here are the rides we'd prioritize in Disneyland Paris that we think you'll want to prioritize, too. In Disneyland Paris Park, Big Thunder Mountain Railroad in Frontier Land is a much longer roller coaster ride with some very unexpected thrills that made it one of the best Big Thunder versions we've ever ridden. The Hyperspace Mountain in Discovery Land is way different from our domestic space mountains. This one has a permanent Star Wars overlay, a 44 mile hour launch, and not one, not two, but three upside down inversions. It's a Small World over in Fantasy Land is fun to experience no matter what Disney park you go to, just to see how all the different countries are represented in each domestic and international park. But the one over in Disneyland Paris is extra impressive due to its colorful clock tower facade. Every 15 minutes, a musical parade of animated toys comes out to greet everyone, and it's absolutely adorable. The Pirates of the Caribbean over in Adventureland is very similar to the one you're going to find in Magic Kingdom in Orlando, but it does have a few standout effects that you won't want to miss, like Captain Barbosa transforming from a human animatronic to a skeleton animatronic before your eyes. Adventureland is also home to the Indiana Jones themed roller coaster Indiana Jones and the Temple of Peril, which is a runaway wagon that'll send you on twists and turns and through dark tunnels within ancient ruins. And Phantom Manor over in Frontier Land is Paris's version of Haunted Mansion, but the storyline for this one is much different and actually focuses on the ghostly bride as the main character instead of her being just a side character that you pass in one of the many rooms like you'll experience during the other versions. Phantom Manor is also known for being the darkest version of Haunted Mansion. And instead of coming across a graveyard at the conclusion of the ride, you'll travel through the Phantom Canyon, which is like Frontier Land if it were taken over by ghosts and ghouies. Meanwhile, in Disney Adventure World, Tower of Terror has an amped up scare factor with three different randomized fright experiences. The malevolent machine with a spooky little ghost girl, the shaft creatures who apparently feast on the cries of the human soul. A nice bit of Disney magic for you there. And finally, The Fifth Dimension, which is a big old psychedelic journey between worlds. While Hollywood Studios Inside Orlando is busy upgrading their version of Rock and Roller Coaster with the Muppets, Disney Adventure World already has an updated version of this ride. But instead of Muppets, you're getting Iron Man. And instead of Muppet animatronics in the queue, you get to see an impressive Iron Man animatronic in the queue. And instead of it being called Rock and Roller Coaster at all, this ride's now called Avengers Assemble Flight Force, located in Avengers Campus. Car's road trip inside Worlds of Pixar is nothing like Radiator Springs Racers and Disney California Adventure, but during the Catastrophe Canyon scene specifically, it actually starts to look a whole lot like the Studio Backlot tour that used to be in Orlando's Hollywood Studios way back when it was still called MGM. Remember that? So, if you're a classic Disney fan, you'll probably really enjoy at least this section of the ride. But otherwise, Cars Road Trip tends to be pretty notorious with Disneyland Paris regulars as being a pretty dull attraction overall. And yet, the trip down memory lane may still be worth it for us MGM kids. Crush's Coaster is probably the most popular ride inside Disney Adventure World, which is a spinning roller coaster themed after that totally righteous sea turtle from Finding Nemo. The ride starts almost like a dark ride, taking you through some scenes that might make you feel like you're on the seas with Nemo and friends back at Epcot. But then you're lifted up the track and plunged into darkness in a coaster ride that feels like the classic version of Space Mountain transformed into a wild mouse coaster. Crush's Coaster is the one we often paid to skip the main ride line queue for, but I'll talk more about that add-on possibility in just a sec. And of course, you got to check out the newbies while you're here, like Rapon Tangled Spin and Frozen Ever After. Though again, if you've ever been on a version of Frozen Ever After before, this is basically the exact same thing. Truthfully, we really enjoyed using Disney Premier Access around Disneyland Paris. And here's why. There are two different ways to skip ride lines in Disneyland Paris. You can buy one pass that lets you skip the lines for some of the resort's most popular attractions, Disney Premiere Access Ultimate. Or you can pay per ride, receiving a skip the line pass for one attraction one time, Disney Premiere Access 1. The Premier Access Ultimate is a lot like Disney's Lightning Lane Premiere Pass over in the States. You pay one price per day per person, and you can scan into every eligible ride once without having to worry about showing up at a designated time. Just show up, scan in, and go. It's also pretty expensive, which again reminds me of Lightning Lane Premier Pass 2. Meanwhile, the Premier Access 1 is more like Disney's single pass lightning lanes in the states with that more alle cart feel. But instead of having only one or two single pass options in the parks, you can pay per ride for any of those skip the line eligible rides. And that ended up being super convenient during our past trip and a way more affordable option than Premier Access Ultimate. Just to give you a quick price comparison, Premier Access Ultimate has fluctuating prices that on average cost you around €130 or around $150. Meanwhile, prices for the Premier Access One typically range from €5 to €25 per person per ride. And because you can only purchase Premier Access One options on the day of your visit, it's super easy to get to the parks, eyeball the wait times, and say, "Ah, it looks like this one's going to have some high weights today." and you can just buy whatever access one passes you want from there. Again, really painless stuff that gives you the freedom to pay for as many or as few skip the line options as you think you're going to need. As cool as Disneyland Paris's rides can be, those aren't the only attractions you need to prioritize here. When it comes to walkthroughs, Disneyland Paris is the only Disney park where you can walk under the castle and see the Maleficent Dragon just lurking and waiting, probably waiting to be invited to a Princess Aurora's big birthday bash. You can also go up on the balcony of the castle for a bird's eye view of the park. And nope, it's not going to cost you a single euro extra to experience. La Pante de Aladdin, that's Aladdin's Enchanted Passage, is located inside Disneyland Park's Adventure Land and features various interactive show windows that tell the story of Aladdin from discovering the lamp to becoming Prince Ali. The Mist LA's Day Nautilus is a 20,000 leagues under the sea walkthrough inside Discovery Land. So, get ready for dimly lit corridors and steampunk vibes and the unveiling of secrets that maybe were better kept below sea level. Then there's Alice's Curious Labyrinth in Fantasy Land. That's a big old super trippy hedge maze straight out of Alice in Wonderland where your main goal is to reach the Queen of Hearts Castle without, you know, losing your head. As for the shows, many Disneyland guests actually tend to prioritize these over the rides since they're really considered the stars of these parks. Sets are amazing. stories are goosebump worthy, effects are mind-blowing, and performers really pull everything together in a jaw-dropping way that makes you understand why these performances are so highly acclaimed. Some of the most noteworthy shows that you'll want to keep at the top of your mustwatch list include Disney Stars on Parade and The Lion King, Rhythms of the Pride Lands inside Disneyland Paris Park, and Frozen, a musical Invitation, Mickey and the Magician, Minnie's Dream Factory, and Together A Pixar Musical Adventure inside Disney Adventure World. The problem with all these shows is that they're so good the theaters for them fill up fast. So, you do have to start lining up 30 minutes before a performance begins at minimum if you want a seat. But for select more popular performances, you can buy guaranteed show access, similar to how you'd pay to skip over the mid-ride cues per ride. Except in this case, your payment will save you a seat for the show in a VIP dedicated section. Then there are the Disneyland Paris meet and greets, which happen across both parks. Sometimes you'll be able to see characters walking about just chilling, but most of the time the meet and greets are a little more underlock and key just because they are very popular. The most popular meet and greets across both parks will require you to enter a free virtual queue, which you can do through your Disneyland Paris app or by asking a cast member at the meet and greet entrance to set you up with one. You can join up to five virtual cues per day, but you can only hold one virtual queue at a time and you can't book a virtual queue for the same character twice. If you go to book a virtual queue for a character and they're all booked up, don't start stressing just yet. According to the Disneyland Paris website, booking waves open several times a day. So, if at first you don't succeed, try again later. When it comes to Disney hotels, Disney World has really set us up with high expectations. So, how do the Disneyland Paris hotels stack up? They tend to be a little bit lacking on some fronts depending on where you stay. Disneyland has seven hotels, most of which are a 10 to 20 minute walk away from the parks, except for the Disneyland Hotel itself, which has a dedicated entrance straight into Disneyland Park. Much like I mentioned at the start of this video, most of the Disneyland hotels have shuttle services. So, if you don't want to make the journey to and from your hotel room by foot, you don't necessarily have to. Now, the Disneyland Hotel, we love that place. It's been recently updated with a whole lot of refreshed rooms and restaurants and overall theming that truly makes you feel like you've stepped inside one of the Disney Princess movies, but in real life. If you have the chance, I'd highly recommend at least going over to check out the lobby, even if you're not planning on booking a pricey room there. Since there are several characters that walk around the resort during the day, including a bunch of Disney princesses and princes, as well as Mickey and Co in their royal outfits, you won't be able to meet them, but it's still fun to wave at them as they pass by. But as far as the others that we've stayed in so far, well, there's just something to be desired. Even the Disney Hotel New York, the Art of Marvel Hotel, which we were really excited for, just felt way too expensive for what it actually gave you. I mean, yes, the theming was impressive, especially for all you comic book fans. But it's also one of the closest hotels to the Disneyland Paris parks, meaning it's easy to walk to and from, but there are other hotels right nearby that are way cheaper and also pretty walkable. However, the best parts about the Art of Marvel rooms, Bluetooth connection in the bathrooms and mirror TVs with free Disney Plus access. But even then, we'd still probably choose the Art of Marvel over hotels like Disney Hotel Santa Fe or Disney Davy Crockett Ranch. Granted, these have more affordable rooms than what you can expect from the likes of Disneyland Hotel and Art of Marvel, but you are making some pretty extreme sacrifices for those price drops. For instance, Davy Crockett is made up of cabins that do not have shuttle services over to the park. And since we didn't have our own set of wheels, we had to walk all the way over to the front lobby every day, which was quite the trek out in the woods in the dark to reach our ride shares. And then when we had to travel back to our cabin at night, we felt like we were traveling in complete darkness because the lights along the path were barely lit. So, I'd say this sort of cabin stay is definitely geared more toward the road trippers with their own cars versus those of us who are flying in and are at the complete mercy of ride shares and shuttle services. The cabins here also don't have haird dryers. And while they do have a coffee pot, there's no complimentary coffee that comes along with it. That being said, the pool here is indoors and really, really awesome. Santa Fe, a Pixar Cars meets American Southwest style hotel, does have shuttle services, thank goodness, but it also feels like a time capsule of the early 2000s. pretty dated. No coffee makers in the rooms. No pool either, something that can be a major bummer for the kids to discover. The three other Disneyland hotels you can stay at are Disney's Sequoia Lodge, which was designed by French architect Antoine Grumbach and hearkens back to a time when rustic ins were being built in the American national parks. Disney Hotel Cheyenne, which is all about cowboys and cattle drives and stage coaches and all things Wild West, and Disney Newport Bay, which was designed by the same team who designed the yacht and beach club resorts at Disney World in Orlando. So, expect major nautical similarities. In conclusion, the Disneyland Paris hotels can have really cool theming and amenities, but I definitely read up on each one via the Disneyland Paris website, so you get a better feel of what you're really paying for. Pricing at the Disneyland Paris resort hotels can get a little confusing if you're not used to it. When you go to book your tickets, you'll notice that you can really only buy your park tickets and hotel reservations together. And because of that, it often masks how expensive the hotel is. This is exactly what happened to us at the Art of Marvel Hotel. When you're looking at the price, you're looking at a per person per night rate for both tickets and hotel. So, we initially saw that our bundle was going to be $350 per night. And when we did the math and realized that the park ticket was about $75 of that, we were all like, "Okay, $275 a night isn't bad at all." But that's only if you're planning on flying solo. During our Art of Marvel stay, we were traveling with a group of three, meaning it was $350 per night per person, bringing our total to nearly $1,000 a night, just for the hotel alone. So, watch out for those bump ups and know exactly what you're paying for to avoid the sticker shock. Another important thing to note, you can do split stays with luggage transfers, just like you can in Disney World, where you can stay at one Disney hotel at the start of your trip, then swap over to another towards the second half, and Disney will move your luggage for you. But do not try to book a split stay online. Otherwise, you'll pay more than you needed to and end up with duplicate park tickets. Instead, call Disneyland Paris for booking assistance, and they can help you book a split stay without accidentally double booking anything. Calling hours do vary since you've got time zone differences working against you. But in French time, they're open Monday to Friday from 9:30 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. and on Saturdays from 9:30 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. And yes, they can set you up with an English-speaking cast member if you need one. I've had to call several times and they have been just absolutely lovely. So, what do you think? Are you ready to check out Disney Adventure World? We love talking about our international park friends, so be sure to check out one of our other overseas park videos next, like maybe our Fantasy Springs videos for Tokyo Disney Sea. And stay tuned for more international Disney content to come. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real soon.
