---
video_id: m5AzybeHCkk
channel: DFBGuide
title: "How Disney Controls People in the Parks"
published: 2026-03-09
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5AzybeHCkk
---
You're being brainwashed by the Disney parks. How? Well, we're exposing the truth today on DFB Guide. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Vlog. Ready to learn about a whole lot of stuff Disney' rather you not know anything about? because I'm going to teach you a thing or two about Disney's masterful art of manipulation, which can be useful to you while you're in the parks, but it's always going to be extremely useful to them. Y'all remember Disney Genie? If you do, then you probably remember it best as Disney Genie Plus, the first My Disney Experience add-on that introduced us to the premium skip the ride line service, aka paid fastpass or lightning lanes. Disney Genie Plus no longer exists. It's been replaced by multiass and single pass. Premiere pass since then, but the free version of Disney Genie is actually still around. No, seriously. Go to the home screen of the My Disney Experience app and scroll down just a tad and you'll see towards the top of the page an option to summon Disney Genie services, which is a complimentary tool to keep tabs on your daily itinerary. Dot dot dot. This function can actually be pretty cool. It helps craft an itinerary for you based on your personal preferences and reservations. And if your plans happen to change on the day of your visit or as the day changes regarding what's going on in the parks, Genie can adjust your schedule while you're still on the go. And if you allow the app to send you push notifications to your phone, then your Genie will provide you with realtime tips and updates and recommendations to help you pivot when you need to. Sounds great, right? So, here's where the whole sneaky controlling part comes into play. According to the Wall Street Journal, each of the Disney parks has an operation center with a heat map, which tells operators where Lightning Lane users are in the parks using GPS technology. Park operators then use this information to direct traffic by alerting guests via push notifications about the shortest lines and food and merchandise promotions to spread crowds out around the park. For example, let's say you're in Magic Kingdom and everyone is just hovering around Frontier Land because the Festival of Fantasy Parade just wrapped up and now everybody's heading into the lines for Tiana's Bayou Adventure and Big Thunder Mountain Railroad. Disney Genie and the My Disney Experience app in general can suggest that you check out an attraction or restaurant in Tomorrowland for fewer crowds and immediate service, which is on the far opposite end of where Frontier Land is. This could help alleviate bottlenecked pathways and keep one or two attractions from being completely overwhelmed with guests. Now, this actually does happen. There's plenty of times that we've been in the parks and one area of the park is completely overwhelmingly crowded and packed and another area of the park is like a ghost town. Now, I wasn't lying when I said Disney Genie can be very, very cool. Knowing where the crowds aren't is great if avoiding crowds is what you're after. But before you go and completely rely on every single thing that this service is telling you, remember that its true purpose is to help disperse guests on the day of your visit. So take Genie's advice with a grain of well, sand, but don't rely on it fully to schedule out your best day ever. Now, real quickly, if you want to always be in control of your Disney World vacation itinerary and your must dos and your overall planning, we've got something that'll make sure your theme park priorities stay a priority. Scan the QR code you see on the screen right now or click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/discoplans and we're going to send you our completely free Disney World planning worksheets. A lot of people get these. They absolutely love them. I think you will too. We're going to make pro recommendations for you just like Jeanie does, but our rerecks are there to help you save money, secure your dream reservations, pack what you need without overpacking, and more. Now, this is seriously so fascinating for me. I delved pretty deep into this whole world of psychological manipulation used in Disney parks in my book, Disney Adults. So, if you've got that chapter 2, that's where you want to go for all this information. But if you haven't worked for Disney or for any major company that knows a thing or two about advertising like McDonald's, Coca-Cola, Target, you might not realize the role color plays in influencing our emotions and decisions. But that's exactly what color theory is. It's a framework that combines science and art to help people like Imagineers create effective color palettes that can also passively impact the way you actually feel. Here, let me show you green as an example. If you combine green with blue, you create this sense of calm. That's why a lot of the World Nature Area inside Epcot uses blues and greens in their pallets to make us feel less anxious and more secure in an area that's sole purpose is to connect us with our environment. If you combine green with red, however, you get Christmas. Okay, not just Christmas, you also get colors that are on the opposite sides of the color wheel. So, shades of green are naturally going to pop out more when paired with this color. Notice how several of the world showcase paths and architecture use a shade of red in their design. That helps make the surrounding greenery look all the more vibrant and lush, which is super helpful, especially during Epcot's flower and garden season. Oh, and then when you add a blue sky on top of that, the whole palette just absolutely pops and all your photos look fantastic. Disney knows that, too. Notice green being paired with purple. Now, we're getting a little spooky. Disney uses this color pairing to commonly highlight ghosts and villains in their stories, which is why we're expecting a lot of that color combo to pop up whenever Magic Kingdom's new Villains Land opens. What about if green is left alone? Well, then it might be serving another purpose. If you've heard of the term go away green, that's an actual color that refers to a particular shade of green that Disney uses during its construction projects to help these torn up areas blend in with the background of the parks. To be fair, it's not going to completely camouflage these places, but it does prevent your eyeballs from zeroing in on the one area that Disney doesn't want you to focus on. Imagineers also use Go Away Green to hide other things around the park like utility boxes, cast member doors to backstage areas, anything else that pulls you away from the story and the immersiveness of a land. I mean, this isn't just a way Disney controls people. This is a way that businesses control people. Period. The more money you spend at Disney, the better your experience is going to be. It's as simple as that. You decide to stay at a Disney owned hotel versus staying off property. Awesome. then you'll get free transportation to the parks, early entry and early openings for reservations. And if you really splurge on a deluxe resort, then you get the added bonus of extended evening hours for certain parks. You want to buy Lightning Lanes? Perfect. Then you'll be able to bypass the main cues in exchange for much shorter ride lines. And if you really splurge on the Premier Pass, then you'll also get the convenience of not having to think about selecting more Lightning Lanes on the day of your visit or booking reservations. is you'll just be handed all the lightning lanes for a single park on a silver platter that you already paid for. Want to invest in the Disney dining plan? Right on. Now you don't have to worry about paying for any of your meals out of pocket and you can treat Disney dining like an all-inclusive experience. And if you pay for the standard dining plan versus the quick service one, you'll be able to dine even more all-inclusively around Disney's table service locations, too. Steak and lobster every night, no problem. Okay, you get the idea. Spend more, get more. While the add-ons of Disney World are definitely convenient, thanks to Disney's extra incentives that they give away whenever you throw more money their direction, they're not always necessary to have. So, don't let anyone try to twist your arm if you don't feel comfortable spending more money than you need to. Instead of staying at a Disneyowned hotel, you might feel more comfortable spending less on a good neighbor hotel that partners with Disney but isn't owned by them, just to give you similar theme park perks and amenities for a potentially cheaper price point. Instead of lightning lanes, you might want to stick with hitting up the most popular rides at the very start or very end of the day to avoid getting in Q lines during a ride's peak afternoon times. And there's literally nothing wrong with paying for Disney food out of pocket. In fact, that's more than likely always going to be your cheapest route anyways. The Disney dining plan might let you feel like you're eating all-inclusive, but it definitely will cost you. It's all about finding balance. So study up on different add-ons and incentives to find out which extra purchases are actually going to be the most worthwhile in the end. And you're in the right place here at DFB Guide. That's something we focus on a lot in our videos. Disney uses a lot of marketing language. They make things sound great that maybe aren't right for you. So it's our job to make sure you know all the fine print and the details. Along the same lines, sometimes a key strategy that Disney uses to control our spending habits isn't necessarily with a reward system, but a fear system. Tell me if this sounds familiar. You can only get this piece of merchandise for a limited amount of time, or this snack is exclusive for this month only. Half the food and wine booths are being released now, but the rest of them will be released later on, so you'll have to come back to try them all. You can only order this seasonal menu item or magnet or spirit jersey if you're an annual passholder. The fear of missing out runs through our veins, y'all. And Disney fuels that fear by lighting a match under our feet to make sudden purchase decisions by inventing a false urgency. The advice here is the same advice I had before. A little extra planning and budgeting can help you combat making impulse purchases that might lead to buyer's regret. That doesn't mean you shouldn't get this stuff if you want it. Absolutely. I've got tons of stuff that was a limited time item. I've got a t-shirt I've never worn from Epcot's 35th anniversary cuz you could only get it on that specific day. So, I get it, man. I'm just letting you know FOMO is a very, very powerful marketing tactic. But Disney's messing with all five of our senses. If you've ever caught a whiff of warm vanilla sugar seemingly pouring out from a Disney confectionary or fresh buttery popcorn wafting around the snack carts, those strong aromomas aren't always all natural. Disney actually pumps artificial scents through smellits or machines to make the atmosphere feel even more immersive and to make you start craving those sweet and salty treats even more. Smells play a big part for more than just food, though. It plays into Disney's overall storytelling, too. Think back to the sense that when you catch a whiff of them, they take you back to your childhood, like a candle on the store shelf that smells like what your grandma's kitchen used to smell like around the holidays. Smell nostalgia is strong, and when it appeals to our emotions in such a huge way, we're more apt to buy the things that take us back to happier times. And Disney knows this. That's why they make it a point to add as many memory burning smells into their parks as possible. From the burning of the Library of Alexandria inside Spaceship Earth to the rose scented puff stirring Saurin around the world to even the Disney resort lobbies that make you take one long whiff and think, "Man, it's good to be back home." Disney takes their park smells so seriously that they've even created rules about what you can and can't bring into the parks to make sure you're not messing with their nostalgia in the making. While Disney does allow you to bring your own food into the parks if you'd rather have a picnic somewhere versus spending more money on a theme park lunch, there are restrictions to what you can bring. And one of those is you cannot bring pungent foods. While the Disney World website doesn't give specific examples of what pungent foods they're talking about, Hong Kong Disneyland has a nearly identical food policy, and their website does expand on that definition a little bit. According to their list, you want to avoid things like stinky tofu, strong smelling cheese, or strong smelling fish or seafood in general. Basically, if you open your lunchbox and the smell immediately hits you, that's not going to fly at Disney World. So, yes, it might feel weird getting in trouble for trying to smuggle tuna salad into the park, but Disney has to protect their smells or smells and protect our good memory of those smells, too. We all like to be told that we did a good job on something. And we especially like if the good job rewards us with a prize because that doubly confirms that we are awesome. But Disney knows how good it feels to be given a pat on the back for something that we've done successfully. Which is why they've turned accomplishments into business endeavors. Exhibit A. Epcot Festival snack crawls. When you pick up one of the free festival passports at the start of your Epcot day, you'll find a list of five different sweets and eats that you can order around the food booths. Each time you order one of these items, you'll get a stamp. And after you get five stamps in your booklet, you can redeem your booklet for a completer prize, which is usually another snack. But hey, at least this one's free. But it does come with a strong helping of accomplishment. Exhibit B, annual passholder punch cards. Recently, Joffrey's had this deal where annual passholders could receive a free limited edition Joffrey's coffee koozie by purchasing five specific themed beverages at various Joffrey's locations. So again, we're using the term free very loosely here. Exhibit C, gift shop promotions. Okay, so this one's less about you actively doing a game inside the parks and more rewarding you for simply spending more money. Yay for you. If you're at, say, the World of Disney inside Disney Springs, you might notice that behind the counter there are extra incentives for you to spend more money in the shop. This could be anywhere from a free bag for spending X amount of dollars, a highly discounted fleece blanket if you spend X amount of dollars again, or maybe even an exclusive prize if you purchase a certain item. Being rewarded for accomplishing things is very fun, but not every Disney scavenger hunt or promotion is always going to cost you something. Be on the lookout for Disney's free scavenger hunt opportunities that might also come with prizes like a pirates adventure, treasures of the seven seas in Magic Kingdom, which comes with a collectible adventure map. Wilderness Explorers and Animal Kingdom rewards you with those awesome sticker badges. Using your Star Wars data pad on the Play Disney Parks app earns digital rewards as you explore Galaxy's Edge in Hollywood Studios. And literally several different things in Epcot have free scavenger hunt like games, including Kidcot around World Showcase, Ducttales World Showcase Adventure via the Play Disney Parks app, and the Finding Dory's Friends booklet inside the Seas Pavilion, which already comes with free stickers. And we're back to Disney Imagineering Sorcery. And by sorcery, I mean forced perspective. The theory behind forced perspective is pretty simple. It's a way of tricking a person's eye into thinking something is taller or further away than it actually is, or even bigger or smaller through a use of architectural scale and special painting effects. And Disney Imagineers have been masters of force perspective forever. The Disney parks are only so big, so Disney has a finite space to work with, which is why you'll see, not necessarily process, but definitely see forced perspective used everywhere. Example, the buildings on Main Street, USA. They've got smaller windows on their second and third stories to make the buildings seem much taller than they actually are. The floating mountains around Pandora and Animal Kingdom use a special paint job to make the mountains look way higher above us with the mountain bases painted to be a darker hue that lightens toward the top. And the bricks, windows, and roof shingles making up Cinderella Castle appear much smaller toward the top of the towers, drawing our eyes upwards to create a taller looking castle. The force perspective trick also helps Disney to not create a structure that's tall enough to push past FAA requirements. That's the Federal Aviation Administration. According to the FAA, any structure that exceeds an overall height of 200 ft above ground level should be marked and/or lighted with a beacon for the safety of passing airplanes. But Disney doesn't want to do that cuz it messes with the whole theme park immersion thing. Why would Cinderella Castle have a FAA approved blinking red light on top of it, right? So Imagineers work to make sure each of its structures falls just under that height. That way, Disney doesn't need to ruin the storytelling for a certain park icon with a big old flashing red light on top. Disney also sometimes uses reverse force perspective, too, to trick us into thinking certain park buildings are actually smaller. Take the American Adventure building inside Epcot's American Adventure, for instance. Colonial Europe buildings were only typically two stories tall, yet the 3 and 1/2tory building inside this pavilion needed to be larger to house the theater inside. Imagineers scaled windows on the top floors larger than on the ground floor. The opposite of what they do in Main Street, USA to make the building appear much smaller than it actually is. Very tricky. What would you do for a Klondike bar? Maybe nothing. But what would you do for a stellar Disney deal? Well, Disney's secretly hoping you'd actually pay more than what you were expecting to pay. Disney has quite the way with words. So, when you hear or read about a certain Disney promotion going on, your first thought might be, "Awesome. I've got to have that promo to save me some money. But that promo might be less about saving you money and more about Disney tricking you into thinking you're actually saving money. When in reality, you're paying more just to have it applied. For instance, the Kids Eat Free promo currently being highlighted on Disney special offers deals and discounts page looks great at first, and it still might be great if you were planning on investing in the Disney dining plan in the first place. But if you weren't, that means you'll not only have to purchase DDPs for all the adults under your reservation, but you'll also be forced to purchase a vacation package, which means you'll be purchasing a Disney hotel and theme park tickets for one bundled price point. Again, that might still be fine with you if you were planning on going that route anyways. But if you were kind of hoping to just pay for Disney food as you go, maybe stay in a cheaper hotel outside of the Disney bubble, then this kids eat free deal might not be that much of a deal. In some cases, Disney might offer a promotion that has a percentage off your future hotel stay, but the big print at the front of the promo advertises it as a 4night 5-day stay. So, you might think, "Okay, well, I was just planning on coming here for the weekend, but I guess I can extend my trip by a day or two to get this deal." And yet, if you read the fine print, what Disney markets as a fournight, 5-day deal might also be a deal you could apply towards a shorter or longer trip as well. They just don't advertise it that way. in the big bold lettering, hoping that you'll extend your trips to make the promotion work in your favor. The best thing you can do before relying on a promotion is a read it thoroughly, including that fine print, and b maybe even reach out to a reliable travel agent. We always use Small World Vacations, as you know, to help you measure the pros and cons and figure out if a promotion is actually going to save you money when all is said and done. If you want to reach out to Small World Vacations for a free quote, don't forget it's completely free to work with them as well. I've linked them into the description below. But yeah, always read that fine print when you're looking at a Disney deal. Disney knows how many nights people usually spend, and so they're going to advertise that deal as being just a little bit longer than you were probably planning on staying. Now, I just want to get this out of the way first. There's no proof of whether or not Disney manipulates ride weight times to convince people to steer clear of a certain ride, but Disney can adjust what you're seeing ride weight times currently being projected as if needed. For example, one of our DFB reporters was in Magic Kingdom the other day and they overheard a cast member near the Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh ride telling a guest that the actual wait time for the ride was 10 minutes even though the app was projecting 45. The reason, premeditation, the Festival of Fantasy parade was getting ready to wrap up. And because history tends to repeat itself, Disney already knew that the crowds from the parade would start piling into nearby queue lines all at once. The last thing Disney wants to do is tell you that a ride is going to be 10-minute wait, and in reality, it suddenly spiked to a half hour or more before the My Disney Experience app has a chance to catch up. So, the moral here is believe what you're seeing on the app, but double check on a ride status anyways, especially if the line looks shorter or appears to be moving faster than what the app seems to be projecting. Okay, we're teaching a lot of new terms today. If you've never heard of a ride dump before, I can sum it up in one sentence. It's a ride that forces you to exit through a gift shop. You'll find this to be the truth for several Disney rides, including but not limited to Star Wars in Hollywood Studios, Pirates of the Caribbean and Magic Kingdom, Tower of Terror, also in Hollywood Studios. But even if a ride doesn't directly dump you into a gift shop, most of the time, the gift shops are at least right there waiting for you after you get off the ride, beckoning you to come on in and show your love for the attraction even more by purchasing a little keychain or a shirt or hat that sports the attraction's logo. Some of those gift shops even become an extension of the ride itself. Like how Wind Traders over at Animal Kingdom gives you the chance to buy your own shoulder banshee after riding on the back of a banshee during Flight of Passage. Or how Momento Mory at Magic Kingdom sells happy haunts so you can quite literally have a hitchhiking ghost who will follow you home. It's the equivalent of the impulse buy shelf that you'll see holding gum in various candies when you're standing in the grocery store checkout line. These shops are meant to make you think, "Oh, you're right. I do need this." at the very last second before you move on with your day. Some folks will be able to resist ride dump temptation just fine, but admittedly, it might be harder for the younger folks in your group who just got to see Olaf in Frozen Ever After and now they really, really, really need an Olaf plush to give a warm hug, too. When it comes to ride dumps and just helping your kids create a souvenir budget in general, consider giving older kiddos Disney gift cards with a preloaded amount of souvenir money to use. Once they use all the money on the card, that's it. No more. You'll be surprised at how that Disney plushy that they really, really need before isn't as big of a priority when it's their own money on the line. And for younger kids, consider pre- purchasing some of the souvenirs ahead of time from places like Amazon or your local big box store. Cuz if your 2-year-old just loves Olaf, you can definitely find a cheaper Olaf plushy elsewhere that won't cost you those premium theme park prices. Let's talk about a sensitive subject that's still sensitive for all my fellow annual passholders out there. And in order to explain said subject, I have to take you back in time back to when the Disney parks had just reopened after the 2020 closures. After CO, Disney required all guests to make park pass reservations for each of their park days, which was like the Disney park equivalent of seat saving on the bus. If you didn't save your spot after you purchased a ticket or all the park passes were taken before you had the chance to snag one for yourself, you either had to wait for potentially more park passes to be released later on or just accept your fate. Starting January 9th, 2024, park pass reservations were no longer required for standard Disney guests using datebased tickets, but they continue to be a thing for cast members, annual passholders, and other non-datebased ticket holders, too. That means as a cast member or annual passholder, there's the chance that you won't be able to make park pass reservations for certain parks on high crowd level days or that the amount of park pass reservations for annual passholders or cast members on certain days will be very limited. When Bob Chapek held the CEO position, he talked a bit about how this park pass strategy works from Disney's standpoint, boiling it all down to a sense of balance. While many annual passholders use the parks as their personal playground, JPAC noted that Disney also has to make sure that there's room in the park for the family from Denver that comes once every 5 years. And while Chebek is no longer CEO and Park Pass reservations aren't nearly as strict as they were back then, there's still a lot of truth to that logic now. While park pass reservations aren't difficult to make, cast members and annual passholders do have to remember to make them ahead of time on the My Disney Experience app or on the Disney World website. The only times that these passholders aren't required to make reservations ahead of time are when they're visiting the parks after 2:00 p.m. unless it's Magic Kingdom on the weekend. Yeah, there's a lot of rules. When you're park hopping to your next park of the day or if it's a good to go day and reservations aren't required whatsoever, which commonly happens around Disney's non- peak travel seasons. So, while we don't necessarily talk about capacity anymore with the parks like we did when social distancing was in effect, there is still control happening in terms of who gets to be in the parks and when. All right, y'all. You're in control now. So, I guess that means it's time to choose what DFB video you want to watch next. Maybe the best snacks for Disney World in 2026 will tickle your fancy. Or are you wanting to check out the 12 biggest time wasters in Disney World instead? The choice is yours. We got lots of videos. We publish five a week, sometimes more. So, just don't forget that we have those free Disney World worksheets also waiting for you to download if you haven't already done so. Those are super, super useful if you're planning any Disney World trip. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. This has been a really, really fun one to talk about. I love all the psychology and science that goes into the Disney parks. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real soon.
