---
video_id: k8sdoH3XKMs
channel: DFBGuide
title: "My 23 BIGGEST Disney World Regrets"
published: 2026-03-25
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8sdoH3XKMs
---
Getting locked out of Disney World, the worst day one theme park strategy, and the things you never want to take for granted. If you're not careful, these Disney World situations can definitely become your biggest vacation regrets. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. You ever wanted to go back in time and change a situation that unfolded during your family vacation? like real time turner kind of stuff. Definitely I have. It's rough coming to the realization you made a mistake during your trip. But the regret that sticks with you might be far worse than the mistake itself. So before you start kicking yourself over the things you should have done during your big Disney World vacation, we're going to pave that path for you to keep the regrets at bay. Cuz as I always say here at Disney Food Blog, we've made all the mistakes so that you don't have to. Yes, my friends, even Disney is going to ask you to follow a few curfews. For starters, Disney's free transportation has a cutoff time. You have roughly 1 hour after the park's closing time to hop aboard your chosen mode of transfer. And if you miss it, well, get the ride share app ready because you're going to need it. Late night dining in Disney World is few and far between these days. Most of the Disney hotels have some sort of quick service or other dining option that'll stay open until 11:00 p.m. at the absolute latest. But beyond that, your latest hotel dining options will be Trader Samra Grotto at the Polynesian Village Resort and Dalia Lounge at Grand Destino Tower in Coronado Springs Resort. These tend to serve bites up until midnight. Disney Springs has a few restaurants that stay open later as well, and they'll stay open even later on the weekends. But again, if you're looking to snack on something around 1 2 3:00 a.m., more than likely after a holiday party or an after hours event, your best options are going to be the 24/7 gas stations or the McDonald's on property or the snacks you've hopefully preurchased and stashed in your hotel room. Delivery services like Door Dash and Uber Eats might also have some late night delivery options for you depending on the fast food joint you're wanting to grab food from. For example, the McDonald's that's close to Disney's All-Star Resorts is a 24-hour option, and some Taco Bell locations near the Disney Bubble also tend to stay open until 4:00 a.m. Lightning Lanes also have a few curfews to abide by. Whenever your Lightning Lane return time begins, you'll have an hour return window to use it by. though, if you miss your return window for whatever reason, we've found that there's a pretty generous grace period for it. I wouldn't gamble on that grace period, but it's usually there. For advanced dining reservations, on the other hand, they've got a way less generous grace period. If you're running behind for your reservation, the restaurant will give you about a 15minute buffer before marking you as a no-show and charging you more than likely a $10 per person no-show fee. I know, I know the temptation is real and I still do this on a regular basis. You've got Disney table service restaurants with meet and greets and rotating dining rooms and thunderstorms every 30 minutes and royal castle settings and Liberty Tree Tavern Tomato Baby that the DFB team is both puzzled and delighted by. And yet, if you try to pack too many of these highly themed sitdown meals into your Disney World itinerary, you may grow to resent them by the end of your trip. First of all, even the more affordable table service restaurants are going to cost you at minimum $25 per adult. Though, if you're considering eating at one of those highly themed Disney restaurants, like going to Space and stuff, expect that price point to double at least or maybe even triple. Secondly, that's a lot of food you're going to be eating each day. Like, a lot a lot. And third, not only is that a lot of food, but that's a good chunk of time taken out of your park day, too, for every table service you want to experience. While it's super tempting to go big or go home when you're on vacation, don't knock Disney's quick service options till you try them. Not only are they less expensive than those table service restaurants, but you can order smaller portions that'll keep you satisfied without making you too full for your specialty sitdown meal later in the day. Not to mention, those quick services have really cool theming, too. And they're much, much faster, which means you're not going to be sitting there for an hour to an hour and a half eating. you can pretty much get it done under 30 minutes. Having one table service meal per day is great, but when you rely on quick services or even preacked meals that you brought along with you, you're going to be saving all that time in the parks. And you can use that saved time to instead get on more rides or see more shows or meet more characters and browse through more gift shops. And when it comes to the table service restaurant you do plan on booking, book it smart. Pick your top two to three options and make those the shining gems of your dining experiences. Now, if you need help narrowing down which Disney restaurants you should be prioritizing, no problem. We can give you a free springboard to work with. Scan the QR code you see on the screen now or click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/top restaurants and we're going to send you our most recent top 10 restaurant choices across the Disney World parks, hotels, and Disney Springs, too. It's totally free. We just want to help you out. Sometimes you book a reservation outside of the theme parks and everything goes great. Other times, you book a dining reservation and you accidentally mess up your entire park day. It happened to my script writer, Bria, just last year. So, I'm going to go ahead and let her talk about her personal experience. This past summer, my husband and I booked dinner reservations for the Cake Bake Shop over at the Boardwalk Inn. In case you're not familiar with Cake Bake, you can easily walk to this restaurant from Epcot thanks to the park's international gateway, aka the back entrance of the park. So, we spent the day at Epcot and the evening at Cake Bake. Fun stuff, right? But here's when we started to panic. Our dinner ended up being a much longer experience than we anticipated. And even though we just ordered our desserts, we soon learned that by the time those desserts would get to us, we'd still be at the restaurant past Epcot's closing time, which maybe normally isn't that big of a deal. But our car was still parked in the Epcot parking lot, and some of my stuff was also still inside an Epcot locker. You see, once a park is closed, it's closed. Cast members aren't going to reopen the gates to let you back in and cross over to their parking lot to claim your car and stuff. But fortunately, we let our server know what was going on and they were super accommodating. They packed up our cakes to go and we were able to cross back into Epcot with only minutes to spare, which meant we also got to enjoy our cake bake slices while watching luminous fireworks. So, a stressful memory turned out to be a rather fun one instead. So, let's say that Bri and her husband weren't able to get back into the park before it closed up on them. What would have happened then? Well, one of two things. They could have a rented a ride share to pick them up from the boardwalk and take them back over to the front of the park. Not ideal, but sometimes you got to do what you got to do. Or b, they could have explained the situation to guest relations at the international gateway to figure out a solution for getting back their stuff and their car from the parking lot. Sure, Cinderella's Royal Table in Magic Kingdom is the most popular restaurant, but you're not going to love it if you're not a fan of meet and greets and prefix cuisine. Yes, Flight of Passage is the most popular ride in Animal Kingdom. But if you tend to get ultra sick on screenbased attractions, this one could push you over the edge. Absolutely, people love the luminous fireworks in Epcot. But if your kiddo is a super sensor and hates loud and sudden noises, I don't know, like me when I was a kid, this end of the night show could put a real damper on the end of an otherwise successful day. What I'm trying to say is that the rest of the world's Yeah. might be someone else's. Oh, and the same could be true regarding some of the details of your upcoming Disney World vacation, too. So, go ahead and take note of these popular experiences because they're definitely hyped up for a reason. But also, don't gaslight yourself into thinking you're actually going to like a certain thing that maybe you'd usually hate just because everyone else says you'll like it. You know you and your family better than anyone else. So, accept the recommendations, but only pursue the ones that you're really interested in. It's not just the fact that every travel group is going to have different Disney World priorities. It's the fact that every single person has different Disney World priorities. And that means that your family or your travel group might start turning against each other if priorities start to clash. And people in your family might start playing the blame game whenever they have to miss out on one of their major mustd dos for something you wanted to do. If you're traveling in a bigger group and you have the option to split up, then split up. We've got a friend of DFB here who is going to Disney World with a group of 10. But what they're going to do to make sure everyone can cover as much ground as possible is they're going to have a buddy system. So, they'll each pair off with their buddies who want to do the same things that they want to do around the parks. And then everyone will reconvene for family meals and switch up buddies if need be during that time. And I think that's a great idea. While big group trips can be a whole lot of fun, it also means some voices can get lost in the sea of other opinions. So, the dividing and conquering method might end up being the secret sauce to making sure that everyone's hopes and dreams for that Disney vacation that costs thousands and thousands of dollars are accounted for. Getting caught in a rainstorm at Disney World might not be the end of the world. I mean, those happen in Orlando all the time, but getting caught in a rainstorm that soaks your socks and your shoes and your pants and your undergarments and your park bag. Now, that's when things go from being a little inconvenient to being miserable. So, if you don't want to walk around in wet stuff all day, it's best to pack an extra pair of clothes just in case. T-shirts and quick dry shorts might be a little more tolerable to walk around in while soaked through, but few things are more miserable in a theme park than walking around with those wet socks. This is why lots of folks on the DFB team choose sturdy theme park sandals instead. Those ones that quick dry real fast to skip the uncomfy sock situation altogether. But if sandals in a theme park is an absolute no-go for you, pack those extra socks and pack ziploc baggies, too, so you have someplace to store the wet ones cuz they start to smell. Not going to lie, you longtime DFB viewers know how much I love my plastic baggies. I bring tons of them in my park bag at all times just in case. They are great to store electronic devices to keep your phones and tablets from getting damaged by pop-up rainstorms or water rides. They're also great to store snacks in. snacks that your kid's not going to finish and you don't want to throw away. But you can also doubly protect the items in your park bag by investing in a waterproof bag, too. From one parent to another, I'm going to hold your hand when I say this. Your kid may like your resort pool day better than all the theme park days. Just saying. Nine times out of 10, I ask my son what his favorite part about our vacation was, and he'll say either the hotel pool or riding on the Skyliner. Now, I know it's tempting to put the pools on the back burner when you have community pools back home and the once in a-lifetime Disney World parks are at your disposal. But if you're planning on staying at one of the Disney hotels, you're really doing a disservice by not planning at least one pool day for the fam. Not only are many of the Disney resort pools really well themed and one of a kind, but a pool day also gives your group a chance to recoup after several theme park days in a row, plus you don't have to spend money on more park tickets for that Disney day either. Anyone remember when Westward Hoe and Magic Kingdom used to serve Bearclaw pastries? Because I remember I remember them clearly. They were Wendle's Bearclaws. They used to be one of my favorite snacks here. And honestly, this is just one in many lost AJ snacks that, you know, I've been doing this for 16 years. I have endured a lot of pain in terms of my favorite snacks coming and going. And I also remember coming to Magic Kingdom once and skipping out on a Bearclaw, thinking I'd just grab it during my next Magic Kingdom visit since I'd be back that direction shortly for work. But alas, a few weeks came and went. I came back to Magic Kingdom and the Bear Claws gone. That wasn't the first time a favorite Disney snack of mine was stripped away from me, and it's not going to be the last cuz Disney World menus switch up all the time. But the moral of the story here is to never trust that a Disney menu is going to be sustainable for you. Like I always say, the only consistent thing about Disney World food is that it's inconsistent. Our DFB team is constantly keeping track of any and all Disney menu changes that we come across on the daily. And yes, we are checking daily. And we make sure our DFB snack guides on dfbstore.com reflect those changes, too. So, if you want to know what's happening or what's about to happen to the Disney World snack scene leading up to your next visit, grab one of our digital guides from dfbstore.com or get all of them for a bundled price, which will be a whole lot cheaper than purchasing them individually. And of course, you want all of the snack guides, right, for all four parks. And to make your guidebook bundle purchase cheaper than the discount that's already applied, type in code YouTube before you check out for even more savings. Remember, these books are money back guaranteed. You don't love them? That's fine. We'll give you your money back. No problem. I don't know how cows do it, man. Cuz I hate feeling like cattle at the end of a Magic Kingdom day. If you decide to leave Magic Kingdom as soon as the end of the night fireworks wrap up, you will inevitably transform from being a park guest to being part of a herd. You'll be smooshed up side by side with hundreds of other people desperately trying to make their way back to their Disney hotel bus or the Montreal or the ferry boat. Meaning, those lines are going to be long. Like we're talking back and forth stansions for up to an hour. And if you drove or took an Uber or Lift or used a good neighbor hotel bus instead, then the trek back to your hotel is going to be even more herdlike cuz in order to get to that transportation and ticket center, then of course you're going to have to wait in line for the ferry boat or the Montreal. The whole venture back to the TTC could wind up being well over an hour plus of just you and a ton of strange weirdo rando people. You thought you were over stimulated inside Magic Kingdom before. Just wait until there's no Cinderella Castle off in the distance to help ease the pain and you've walked 20,000 steps and you are absolutely exhausted. So, if you leave the park early, you should have a pretty easy time of getting on Disney transportation without waiting for a town's worth of people to get on before you. And I'm not talking about hours early. Even if you leave like right before the fireworks, you should be able to enjoy a full day and still get on a bus without a 45minute wait to worry about. But if you don't want to skip out on Happily Ever After, then plan to hang out for a bit after they end. The Main Street USA gift shops and snack locations stay open 30 to 60 minutes after the park closes, giving you the chance to do a little bit of last minute shopping and grab an end of the night treat to enjoy on one of the park benches. Also, depending on when Magic Kingdom closes that night, you might still have some extra time to hit up one or two more rides after Happily Ever After, which could potentially give you shorter ride lines to wait in, too. Definitely check those park hours, especially if you're going in the summer months. That park could be open till midnight. You could have hours left to ride rides. I can't tell you how many times I've been walking around the parks when all of a sudden this tiny pulsing little ache hits my temple or the back of my head or, you know, right there between your eyes. Now, I've had years to learn that this is my body's way of telling me, "Hey, something's a miss. You should probably listen to me so we can figure out what's wrong here." And that something wrong usually boils down to needing a bite to eat or needing to get out of the sun or needing to drink a bunch of water or needing to get back to my hotel room for a quick lie down. But that doesn't mean that I've always been the kindest to that little throbbing warning. I've been known to push it to the back burner and assume that it'll go away on its own with time despite the learning. Spoiler alert, it never does. And whenever I ignore it, it tends to morph into a mighty mega almost migraine by the end of the day. And the problem is that these headaches tend to last a few days. Like I've destroyed entire trips by not listening to my body before. If you feel a headache coming on, just listen and start checking off the boxes until you figure out what might be causing it to get fussy. Hydrate. That's probably what the problem is. Stop for some food. Get in the AC. Get out of the sun. Take some Tylenol. Ride the people mover back to back. Avoid alcohol and spinny rides for a while. Take a nap. Whatever it takes to send the headache packing, do it to save your Disney World vacation before it's too late. Looking for a Disney hotel room that'll fit your family of six? You don't have to splurge on a deluxe resort, especially if you don't plan on being at your hotel very much at all during your vacation. You can always choose to book a value family suite option at All-Star Music for hundreds of dollars less per night than a deluxe resort. Looking for a Disney hotel room with Skyliner access for your big anniversary trip? You don't have to settle for the over-the-top and ultra colorful Pop Century or Art of Animation if you'd rather go for something a little more mature like the Riviera, Boardwalk in, or Yacht and Beach Club. The Disney resorts are not a one-sizefits-all scenario, y'all. Each hotel has its own personality. It's got its own pros, cons, quirks, restaurants, its own price points, its own activities. And much like we talked about earlier, just because a certain hotel is perfect for someone else that you know, doesn't mean it's going to be right for you. If you want to learn about all of Disney's different hotel options, from the values to the moderates to the deluxes, the ones that are close to parks or far away from parks that have super duper pools or that just have, you know, basic pools, check out our ultimate guide to Disney World hotels video after this so that we can take you around every single option and help you find a resort that's as perfect as Cinderella's glass slipper. Or if you'd rather have a Disney hotel list that you can keep on your phone at all times for easy access, you also have a free every Disney World hotel guide that we can send your way right now if you scan the QR code you see on the screen or click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/h hotels after this. New Disney attractions don't always make the best first impressions. New rides can hit glitches and multiple breakdowns as they try to get used to their new lives of operating from sun up till sundown for thousands of guests every single day. In fact, pretty much all of the new rides that have opened in the past few years have had well kind of been on the struggle bus for the first few weeks. And new restaurants might change their menus, their chefs, and procedures based off of initial guest reviews and to improve the overall flow of operations. While it is exciting to be one of the first people to ever experience a new Disney attraction, it's also important to remember that a new attraction will probably be operating a whole lot more smoothly a few months down the line. So, if you went on opening day or even opening week for something and the experience wasn't quite what you'd hoped for, consider giving it another chance during a future Disney World trip after the kinks have been worked out. That's why we review Disney restaurants every year over and over and over again as we update our DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining over on dfbstore.com because places we weren't thrilled about before could suddenly impress us or vice versa. You might have heard us or you might have heard other Disney fans describe the theme parks as a marathon, not a sprint. And I'd like to bring that concept back to the table again because I feel like it goes really well with some of the other points we're talking about today. Again, when you arrive at that first park on the first day of your trip, you're walking on cloud nine. You're raring to go. I mean, this is it. This is the moment you and your family have been counting down to for maybe over a year. And here it is. It's finally here. But don't overexert yourself from day one and lose all your steam for the remainder of the vacation. Instead, pace yourself. Don't feel like you need to be doing multiple laps around, say, the World Showcase right when the Epcot pavilion's open for the day. And as you plan out your park itineraries beforehand, look at those park maps and see how close attractions are to each other. That way, you're not running yourself ragged by planning back-to-back experiences on opposite ends of the park over and over and over again, racking up more steps than you need to take in a single day. Believe me, your feet will thank you for sparing them whenever you can. Ohana means family, and family means no snack credit gets left behind or forgotten. We got a dozen odd videos all about the Disney dining plan if you want to check some of those out next. But in a nutshell, the DDP allows you to prepay for your meals and snacks ahead of your Disney World vacation. No matter which Disney dining plan you choose to purchase, the standard or the quick service, you'll be given an allotted amount of snack credits to use, one per each day of your visit. And you can spend these whenever you want during your vacation. But I recommend trying to find Disney dining plan eligible snacks that would usually cost you $8 or more if you paid for them out of pocket. So things like Epcot Festival food booth items, loaded funnel cakes, loaded fry baskets, stuff like that. However, if you find yourself at the end of your trip with a bunch of unused snack credits cuz you just weren't in a snacky mood on some of those park days, don't worry about trying to stretch your dining plan dollars at this point. You just need to use those credits before you lose them. Since Disney dining plan credits do not carry over from one Disney trip to the next if you absolutely need to spend your credits on some of those packaged or bottled items just so you can pack them away to eat and drink on your way home. It may not be the best use of your snack credits, but it's better than having all those leftover credits go to waste. The beginning of a Disney park day is great because you're excited for what's ahead, running on adrenaline, possibly also a good amount of hotel room coffee. And the end of a Disney park day can also be great because even though you're running out of steam, the sun is finally starting to set and you're feeling that second wind kick in for a last hurrah around the park. But when it comes to Disney World during like 2 to 300 p.m., that's when the afternoon slump kicks in. Peak crowds, peak heat, peak exhaustion, even though you still have so many hours to go. It's okay. You can love Disney and still wave the white flag when the afternoon slump hits. It's happened to me, to Bria, to the whole DFB team. But that's why the afternoon slump is the perfect time to recharge. And good news, you don't necessarily have to leave the park to make that happen if you don't want to. You can find indoor shows that blast that AC. You can book a late lunch at a table service restaurant, or you can escape into a chillside exhibit for a bit like you'll find around Epcot's World Showcase. Also, keep the afternoon slump in mind before your Disney World vacation even begins. It's a good idea to take a test run to a theme park or amusement park near you, or do like a really long hiking day, or go to the arboritum or something that's going to fill your day outside just to see how you feel after 10,000 steps and lots of heat exposure. Cuz if you can learn how to handle the 3pm exhaustion beforehand, you'll be better prepared for it when it sneaks up on you during your Disney day. You know how I mentioned earlier that you know your family better than anyone? Well, you're going to learn a whole lot more about them after the whirlwind of a Disney World vacation. You might be wishing that your Disney World vacay looks like the ones you've seen on the Disney commercials, where the little girl twirls around in her princess dress in front of Cinderella Castle before giving Mickey a big hug as her parents look lovingly in her direction, sporting a pair of Mickey ears themselves. But in reality, families get into shouting fights while in the middle of Q lines. Kids burst into tears and literally melt like a puddle to the ground, and you can't move them from there. you can suddenly start to resent your entire group for voting to eat at a restaurant that you've specifically told them you don't want to go to. The combination of intense heat, super long days of walking thousands of steps, early mornings, dehydration, lots of sugar, and so many q- lines can become the perfect storm for major arguments and temper tantrums. And that doesn't just go for the kids either, believe me. So, be sure to keep tabs on everybody, including yourself. Check in with the group often and see what people need. If someone in your group is running on empty, but everyone else seems to be doing fine, it's still important to not push someone to their breaking point. When the majority of you are ready to keep on trucking, even if a family member claims to be okay cuz they don't want to be a burden on the rest of the team, it's still a good idea to duck into a quick service location for a bit. Find a table to sit at. Maybe just snack or rehydrate for half an hour or so, cuz you'll be amazed what a little AC and a little water and a little nourishment can do for you and your fam. But also, I will absolutely say, don't feel bad if yours is the kid that's having a temper tantrum in the middle of fantasy land. It has happened to all of us, my friend. You are not a bad parent. And this is what the super sensory oversaturation of Disney does to people. Few of us can battle against it for long. Hypothetical scenario time. Let's say you want to purchase after hours event tickets for Hollywood Studios to give you three extra hours in the park after it closes to hit up those A tier rides with shorter lines. Great. Awesome. I love this for us. Hollywood Studios After Hours takes place between 10:00 p.m. and 1:00 a.m. But if you stay for the full event to get your money's worth, you aren't teleporting immediately back to your hotel room after the clock strikes 1, right? You still have to travel over to your hotel at the end of the night, which could take another half hour or more depending on where you're staying. And then after that, you've got to get ready for bed. So it could be well after 2:00 a.m. before your head finally hits the pillow. So, if you're not in bed until 2:00 a.m. and you were also planning on getting up and around to hit up Animal Kingdom during its early theme park entry time, which starts at 7:30 a lot of the time, you're what? Going to get 4 hours of sleep, maybe. Now, as you're scheduling out your Disney itinerary, you got to think about stuff like this. Plan around that after hours ticket if you're planning on purchasing one, so you don't make everyone in your group totally miserable the very next day. Leading up to the event itself, take things a little easy. sleep in, have that pool day, maybe walk around Disney Springs for a little bit, and then after the event, schedule in a break day for the very next day, or at least a later start day so your group can kind of recuperate a little bit and then be raring to go to the parks again after catching up on some much needed rest. There tends to be more to a Disney deal than meets the eye. Sometimes that deal gets you more benefits than you may have realized. Like when you purchase a homecoming refillable squeeze bottle for $16 frozen boozy drink refills without realizing you can use it for flat rate booze refills at Splitzville and Everglaze, too. While other times the deal might come with more restrictions than you may have realized, like how hotel room discounts on Disney's special offers deals and discounts page often exclude certain hotel room options, which can vary depending on the discounts you're looking at. So, here's what you need to do to make sure you're not letting anything slip through the cracks. Read the fine print always. For those special offers, you'll usually find the important details fine print listed toward the bottom of the web page. Sometimes you'll have to open an extra little like arrow to do it. And B, ask questions to get answers. Easy enough, right? But asking your server or your travel agent or calling up Disney directly about these sorts of things can help you clarify discount details and make sure that you're getting the full benefit of whatever promotion you've been looking at. Okay, I'm not saying I don't like eating in the parks. I mean, Lelier and Epcot, Nomad Lounge and Animal Kingdom, say the word. I'm there. I love those places. But if you choose to dine in the parks and the parks alone, you might miss out on what could have been your favorite meal of the trip. And that's because many of Disney World's best restaurants are actually hiding out across their resorts and Disney Springs. A few examples for you. Steakhouse 71 in the Contemporary Resort has the most affordable steakhouse cuts on property for dinner only. Plus, it has a stellar assortment of options for picky and adventurous eaters alike, and it's within walking distance to the Magic Kingdom. While Lulu Bar and Grill is a new favorite of mine over at the DVC Island Tower at Polynesian Village Resort, you've got island bites and beachside views of Cinderella Castle and one of the best burgers on property, the Wayfinder Burger. And Hoopdoo Musical Review at Fort Wilderness is Disney World's only dinner theater show. You got music, jokes, audience participation, and unlimited food and drinks, as well as a small selection of unlimited beers, wines, and sangrias if you're 21 or over. Again, this is just a few of the many resort restaurant options I could recommend today. Believe me, there's probably, I would say, at least dozens more. Not a hundred, but dozens for sure. But if you want to learn about even more of them, check out our top restaurants in Disney World for 2026 video after this. Oh, dinosaur, we miss you already. You and Dr. Seeker and your bumpy time rover. Please excuse me while I wear my dfbstore.com countdown to extinction shirt until my own extinction. Thank you very much. Now, there will be times when Disney has to shut down a classic attraction to make way for a new one. For Dinosaur's recent closure over in Animal Kingdom, history once again repeated itself. While this ride had never been too terribly busy before, usually averaging 20 to 35 minute waits, during its final days of operation, the lines skyrocketed. We're talking 2 3 4hour cues. Now, if you're a big Disney fan, the final day of an attraction's operations can be really emotionally charged and memorable. So, you might think, "Ah, I guess the multi-hour wait could still be worth it in the end." But keep in mind that much like any other day, these attractions could break down on their last day of life. In fact, they're more liable to break down since Disney's probably not giving them a whole lot of extra TLC leading up to that closure. Before Country Bears Jamberee and Magic Kingdom went dark for its big revamp, it broke down before the final performance. So, everyone who'd been waiting in line to see the OG show for its grand finale just couldn't. If you plan your visit to Disney World weeks or months before an attraction's closure is slated to happen, that's truly going to be the best route for you to take if you really care about seeing an attraction one more time, with possibly more of a safety net to fall back on in case it breaks down. Oh, and you'll have shorter Q- lines to worry about. That's a big plus. But I get it. Sometimes you just have to be there. I mean, if, god forbid, People Mover ever closes, I will be there all day in my People Mover fan club president t-shirt. So, let's get that last point and expand it real quick. Whenever a ride or attraction breaks down during the day, usually it'll be back up and running again later on after some tinkering is done. But if a ride or attraction breaks down at night when the park is getting ready to close, there's a good chance that Disney will keep it closed and just work on it for tomorrow's guests. And that means if you're in line for a ride that shuts down for the night, you're kind of out of luck. Yeah, it's a bummer. It's an even bigger bummer if the ride you're turned away from is one you've been itching to get on all day long or, I don't know, for years. When it comes to your must dos, make those top priorities to hit up earlier rather than at the last minute. If need be, you can always splurge on Lightning Lanes before your trip to help cut down on your weight times if you're afraid they're going to start looking too long for those top priority rides of yours. Or to save money, you can use your early theme park entry to get in line for some of these attractions ASAP. But even though we do say lines can start to dwindle toward the end of the night, if you absolutely have to ride something to make your Disney trip worthwhile, prioritize that earlier in your trip and earlier in the morning. Ah, the everp popular controversy. Is Disney World really a vacation destination for everybody? Or are the Disney adults out there just a little too eager to meet Mickey Mouse for some reason? Now, this is a topic that's near and dear to my heart. So much so that I wrote a whole book about it. Yep, Disney adults. Something that I've been having a blast sharing with all of you. From book signings to Q&amp; A's, Disney Springs drink crawls to just reading your super kind Goodreads reviews. Y'all are incredible. And don't forget, this book is now a New York Times bestseller, and you made that happen. If you really want to get down to brass tax about the psychology of what makes a Disney adult and you haven't read my Disney Adults book, I'd highly recommend you pick up a copy when you get the chance because I deep dive into that subculture big time, showcasing the good, the bad, and the shocking. And yes, the good, the bad, and shocking applies to my personal Disney adult journey as well. Anyway, you can get that book anywhere books are sold. But for today's purposes, let's keep things a little bit shorter. Walt Disney created the Disney parks for everybody. And while there are so many rides and shows and attractions that'll cater more to younger members of your family, Disney's not blind to the fact that some folks are coming to their parks for honeymoons and baby moons and bachelorette parties and dual income no kids vacations. So, if you've been skipping Disney because you thought maybe you've aged out of the parks, you're missing out. Between the high-end resorts, the Disney Springs shopping, the signature restaurants, the professional golf courses, the entirety of the World Showcase, the Grand Fian Spa, the thrill rides, and the new lounges, including GO82 at Epcot, made for ages 21 and over. Only, adults are having just as much fun exploring the parks as the kids are, and not just because of nostalgia alone, though that can play a key part. We can talk about money wasted, snacks missed, Orlando heat exhaustion until we're blue in the face. We do it a lot. But at the end of the day, this point right here is the most important one I want you to take away from this video. Slow down and appreciate the moment. Recently, I received an email from a DFB viewer named Aiden. Aiden told me about his mom, Katie, who'd recently passed away, and he talked about how Shiki Sai Sushi is in Epcot was her favorite restaurant literally ever. Solid choice, Katie. And how on their most recent trip together, they used DFB a lot to plan out their vacation for just the two of them. What really stood out to me in this email was not just Aiden's love for his mom, but the warm memories he now has looking back on his last Disney trip he was able to take with her. He said, "It was the greatest trip I've ever taken in my life." And I resonate with that so much. I've taken a lot of trips to Disney World for fun and for work, but the ones that stick out are the ones that I took with my dad when he was still with us, and I wouldn't trade those memories for anything. During your Disney World trip, you will get hot. You will get tired. You'll probably get frustrated more times than you'd care to admit. But you'll also make some memories that'll follow you long after the trip wraps up. So, allow yourself to bottle up that moment. Think about where you are, who you're with. It's a privilege to travel with the people you love while you can. So, to Aiden and his father, Will, thank you for sharing Katie with me. The next time I pay a visit to Shiki Sai, I will for sure have a sushi roll in her honor. No regrets here, folks. Not now, not ever. So, let's keep pushing away all the Disney regrets and replacing them with easy to apply tips and tricks instead. We got a 50 new Disney World tips for 2026 video that could help you out a ton if you want to check that out next. And don't forget to download our Disney World top restaurants list if you haven't already over at disneyfoodblog.com/top restaurants. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real soon.
