---
video_id: S8VzQkYWB7E
channel: DFBGuide
title: "How to Outsmart Disney World in 2026"
published: 2026-01-03
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8VzQkYWB7E
---
Are the best new Disney World perks Are the best new Disney World perks Are the best new Disney World perks actually hiding out at Disney's value actually hiding out at Disney's value actually hiding out at Disney's value resorts? Is it possible to see two resorts? Is it possible to see two resorts? Is it possible to see two fireworks spectaculars in one night for fireworks spectaculars in one night for fireworks spectaculars in one night for one price? And can the latest dining one price? And can the latest dining one price? And can the latest dining trends actually end up saving us major trends actually end up saving us major trends actually end up saving us major money? We are outsmarting Disney World money? We are outsmarting Disney World money? We are outsmarting Disney World next year, but we're learning the tricks next year, but we're learning the tricks next year, but we're learning the tricks of the trade today on DFB Guide. Get of the trade today on DFB Guide. Get of the trade today on DFB Guide. Get ready to get the biggest bang for your ready to get the biggest bang for your ready to get the biggest bang for your buck in Disney World. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. Oh, 2026. I see you sneaking up on Blog. Oh, 2026. I see you sneaking up on Blog. Oh, 2026. I see you sneaking up on me in my side mirrors and you are closer me in my side mirrors and you are closer me in my side mirrors and you are closer than you appear. Before we know it, that than you appear. Before we know it, that than you appear. Before we know it, that long will finally be here. So, it's best long will finally be here. So, it's best long will finally be here. So, it's best to start strategizing and hacking into to start strategizing and hacking into to start strategizing and hacking into the Disney mainframe now while we've the Disney mainframe now while we've the Disney mainframe now while we've still got the whole trip ahead of us. still got the whole trip ahead of us. still got the whole trip ahead of us. Okay, Southwest frequent flyers, I've Okay, Southwest frequent flyers, I've Okay, Southwest frequent flyers, I've got good news for you. Earlier this got good news for you. Earlier this got good news for you. Earlier this year, Disney began testing a pilot year, Disney began testing a pilot year, Disney began testing a pilot program that allowed guests at Disney program that allowed guests at Disney program that allowed guests at Disney World value hotels who were flying on World value hotels who were flying on World value hotels who were flying on Southwest Airlines to have their bags Southwest Airlines to have their bags Southwest Airlines to have their bags delivered directly to their flight from delivered directly to their flight from delivered directly to their flight from their hotel. But now it looks like that their hotel. But now it looks like that their hotel. But now it looks like that program is being expanded and we're program is being expanded and we're program is being expanded and we're liking what we're seeing. If you're liking what we're seeing. If you're liking what we're seeing. If you're flying with domestic Southwest Airlines, flying with domestic Southwest Airlines, flying with domestic Southwest Airlines, flying into Orlando International flying into Orlando International flying into Orlando International Airport, and staying at one of the Value Airport, and staying at one of the Value Airport, and staying at one of the Value resorts, yep, just the Values, resorts, yep, just the Values, resorts, yep, just the Values, ironically enough, then congratulations. ironically enough, then congratulations. ironically enough, then congratulations. You'll have the option to skip baggage You'll have the option to skip baggage You'll have the option to skip baggage claim and instead have your bags claim and instead have your bags claim and instead have your bags delivered directly to your hotel. This delivered directly to your hotel. This delivered directly to your hotel. This service is provided by a third party service is provided by a third party service is provided by a third party called Bag Check, who facilitate called Bag Check, who facilitate called Bag Check, who facilitate transportation of luggage from the transportation of luggage from the transportation of luggage from the airport to Disney World hotels within airport to Disney World hotels within airport to Disney World hotels within approximately 4 hours of arrival. All approximately 4 hours of arrival. All approximately 4 hours of arrival. All you'll need to do to use this service is you'll need to do to use this service is you'll need to do to use this service is fill out the registration form for the fill out the registration form for the fill out the registration form for the airport luggage transfer at Disney airport luggage transfer at Disney airport luggage transfer at Disney service anytime from 30 days to 5 days service anytime from 30 days to 5 days service anytime from 30 days to 5 days prior to your departure flight. You'll prior to your departure flight. You'll prior to your departure flight. You'll receive a confirmation email after receive a confirmation email after receive a confirmation email after registering, so hold on to that. It'll registering, so hold on to that. It'll registering, so hold on to that. It'll have confirmation numbers that you'll have confirmation numbers that you'll have confirmation numbers that you'll need to present when checking in your need to present when checking in your need to present when checking in your luggage at the Southwest Bagdrop area or luggage at the Southwest Bagdrop area or luggage at the Southwest Bagdrop area or ticket counter. We're not sure yet if ticket counter. We're not sure yet if ticket counter. We're not sure yet if this service will expand beyond the this service will expand beyond the this service will expand beyond the value resorts, but hey, at least you value resorts, but hey, at least you value resorts, but hey, at least you don't have to pay oodles in order to use don't have to pay oodles in order to use don't have to pay oodles in order to use it. Since so many sections of Disney it. Since so many sections of Disney it. Since so many sections of Disney World are going to be under construction World are going to be under construction World are going to be under construction in 2026, you can bet Disney is going to in 2026, you can bet Disney is going to in 2026, you can bet Disney is going to be showering us with some deals and be showering us with some deals and be showering us with some deals and discounts to persuade us to stick by discounts to persuade us to stick by discounts to persuade us to stick by their side during their hot mess era. their side during their hot mess era. their side during their hot mess era. So, let's check out the special offers So, let's check out the special offers So, let's check out the special offers deals and discounts page over on the deals and discounts page over on the deals and discounts page over on the Disney World website to see what we can Disney World website to see what we can Disney World website to see what we can find out there right now. When it comes find out there right now. When it comes find out there right now. When it comes to featured offers, you can save up to to featured offers, you can save up to to featured offers, you can save up to $250 per day on a fournight 4-day room $250 per day on a fournight 4-day room $250 per day on a fournight 4-day room and ticket package. This is good for and ticket package. This is good for and ticket package. This is good for select nights from January 4th to July select nights from January 4th to July select nights from January 4th to July can only be applied to eligible deluxe can only be applied to eligible deluxe can only be applied to eligible deluxe hotel stays. The moderate resorts max hotel stays. The moderate resorts max hotel stays. The moderate resorts max savings drop down to 150 per night and savings drop down to 150 per night and savings drop down to 150 per night and the value resorts drop down to 75 per the value resorts drop down to 75 per the value resorts drop down to 75 per night, which is still a solid deal since night, which is still a solid deal since night, which is still a solid deal since those hotels are cheaper stays anyways. those hotels are cheaper stays anyways. those hotels are cheaper stays anyways. Don't want to do a hotel and ticket Don't want to do a hotel and ticket Don't want to do a hotel and ticket vacation package? You can still save on vacation package? You can still save on vacation package? You can still save on just your Disney hotel rooms in 2026. just your Disney hotel rooms in 2026. just your Disney hotel rooms in 2026. Lots of different discounts are going to Lots of different discounts are going to Lots of different discounts are going to come out throughout the year, but here come out throughout the year, but here come out throughout the year, but here are a couple of examples. From February are a couple of examples. From February are a couple of examples. From February most days that happen Sunday to most days that happen Sunday to most days that happen Sunday to Thursday, from January 4th to February Thursday, from January 4th to February Thursday, from January 4th to February remember to read that fine print and remember to read that fine print and remember to read that fine print and find out how much you'll actually be find out how much you'll actually be find out how much you'll actually be saving on a room during your specific saving on a room during your specific saving on a room during your specific time frame and your specific resort time frame and your specific resort time frame and your specific resort selection. But yeah, I think you're selection. But yeah, I think you're selection. But yeah, I think you're going to see some pretty significant going to see some pretty significant going to see some pretty significant general public discounts throughout the general public discounts throughout the general public discounts throughout the year this year. So, keep an eye on year this year. So, keep an eye on year this year. So, keep an eye on those. Okay, one more featured offer for those. Okay, one more featured offer for those. Okay, one more featured offer for now, though I definitely expect more to now, though I definitely expect more to now, though I definitely expect more to pop up throughout 2026. If you're a pop up throughout 2026. If you're a pop up throughout 2026. If you're a Disney Plus subscriber, you have the Disney Plus subscriber, you have the Disney Plus subscriber, you have the opportunity to receive a special 3-day opportunity to receive a special 3-day opportunity to receive a special 3-day theme park ticket to every Disney World theme park ticket to every Disney World theme park ticket to every Disney World park this spring starting at $109 per park this spring starting at $109 per park this spring starting at $109 per day except for Magic Kingdom. So, don't day except for Magic Kingdom. So, don't day except for Magic Kingdom. So, don't forget about that giant caveat right forget about that giant caveat right forget about that giant caveat right there if you want to use this deal. Now, there if you want to use this deal. Now, there if you want to use this deal. Now, which deals are actually going to give which deals are actually going to give which deals are actually going to give you the best savings? Well, it all you the best savings? Well, it all you the best savings? Well, it all depends on the specifics of your trip. depends on the specifics of your trip. depends on the specifics of your trip. I'd suggest looking into all the I'd suggest looking into all the I'd suggest looking into all the different deals listed on that special different deals listed on that special different deals listed on that special offers, deals, and discounts page offers, deals, and discounts page offers, deals, and discounts page throughout the year and crunching the throughout the year and crunching the throughout the year and crunching the numbers until you find the best one. Or numbers until you find the best one. Or numbers until you find the best one. Or let our travel agent friends at Small let our travel agent friends at Small let our travel agent friends at Small World Vacations do the heavy mathing for World Vacations do the heavy mathing for World Vacations do the heavy mathing for you for free. I'll put their info down you for free. I'll put their info down you for free. I'll put their info down in the description for you so you can in the description for you so you can in the description for you so you can reach out for a free quote whenever reach out for a free quote whenever reach out for a free quote whenever you're ready. you're ready. you're ready. We know new things are on the horizon We know new things are on the horizon We know new things are on the horizon for Disney World. Animation Courtyard at for Disney World. Animation Courtyard at for Disney World. Animation Courtyard at Hollywood Studios permanently closed on Hollywood Studios permanently closed on Hollywood Studios permanently closed on September 25th and is being transformed September 25th and is being transformed September 25th and is being transformed into the Magic of Disney Animation into the Magic of Disney Animation into the Magic of Disney Animation slated to open later in the summer next slated to open later in the summer next slated to open later in the summer next year. Also over in Hollywood Studios, year. Also over in Hollywood Studios, year. Also over in Hollywood Studios, Rock and Roller Coaster's current Rock and Roller Coaster's current Rock and Roller Coaster's current Aerosmith version will close in spring Aerosmith version will close in spring Aerosmith version will close in spring version of the ride that'll reopen later version of the ride that'll reopen later version of the ride that'll reopen later that summer. Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger that summer. Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger that summer. Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger spin in Magic Kingdom is getting a big spin in Magic Kingdom is getting a big spin in Magic Kingdom is getting a big overhaul, featuring new characters, a overhaul, featuring new characters, a overhaul, featuring new characters, a new opening scene, new blasters, new new opening scene, new blasters, new new opening scene, new blasters, new targets, new ride vehicles. Again, not targets, new ride vehicles. Again, not targets, new ride vehicles. Again, not slated to open until sometime in spring slated to open until sometime in spring slated to open until sometime in spring of next year. Spring 2026 will also be of next year. Spring 2026 will also be of next year. Spring 2026 will also be the reopening time frame for Big Thunder the reopening time frame for Big Thunder the reopening time frame for Big Thunder Mountain Railroad in Magic Kingdom after Mountain Railroad in Magic Kingdom after Mountain Railroad in Magic Kingdom after it's been closed for nearly all of 2025. it's been closed for nearly all of 2025. it's been closed for nearly all of 2025. This will give us a coaster experience This will give us a coaster experience This will give us a coaster experience with new lighting effects, a smoother with new lighting effects, a smoother with new lighting effects, a smoother track, and a revamped plot. And also in track, and a revamped plot. And also in track, and a revamped plot. And also in interactive social entertainment interactive social entertainment interactive social entertainment experience, Level 99, over in Disney experience, Level 99, over in Disney experience, Level 99, over in Disney Springs. And they've already begun Springs. And they've already begun Springs. And they've already begun hiring for that. So, what do all these hiring for that. So, what do all these hiring for that. So, what do all these new experiences and revamped experiences new experiences and revamped experiences new experiences and revamped experiences have in common? No official release have in common? No official release have in common? No official release dates. Nope. Sorry, Muppets. Summer 2026 dates. Nope. Sorry, Muppets. Summer 2026 dates. Nope. Sorry, Muppets. Summer 2026 still doesn't count as an official still doesn't count as an official still doesn't count as an official release date. Disney can push back release date. Disney can push back release date. Disney can push back release dates for new attractions and release dates for new attractions and release dates for new attractions and experiences at any time. And they are experiences at any time. And they are experiences at any time. And they are very vague about when they're opening very vague about when they're opening very vague about when they're opening these things so that they have the these things so that they have the these things so that they have the opportunity to do that should things get opportunity to do that should things get opportunity to do that should things get a little chaotic in the construction a little chaotic in the construction a little chaotic in the construction process. Now, Disney isn't doing this to process. Now, Disney isn't doing this to process. Now, Disney isn't doing this to ruin your trip, but if there are any ruin your trip, but if there are any ruin your trip, but if there are any building delays or technical mishaps or building delays or technical mishaps or building delays or technical mishaps or some other unforeseen circumstances that some other unforeseen circumstances that some other unforeseen circumstances that cause them to slow their roll, they may cause them to slow their roll, they may cause them to slow their roll, they may be forced to adjust their slated time be forced to adjust their slated time be forced to adjust their slated time frame as needed. So, if there's a new frame as needed. So, if there's a new frame as needed. So, if there's a new experience you know you want to experience you know you want to experience you know you want to prioritize during your upcoming 2026 prioritize during your upcoming 2026 prioritize during your upcoming 2026 visit, don't solely rely on those loose visit, don't solely rely on those loose visit, don't solely rely on those loose opening time frames to plan your entire opening time frames to plan your entire opening time frames to plan your entire trip. Instead, wait for Disney to drop trip. Instead, wait for Disney to drop trip. Instead, wait for Disney to drop the exact opening dates. We're talking the exact opening dates. We're talking the exact opening dates. We're talking month, day, and year. And even after month, day, and year. And even after month, day, and year. And even after that, you might still want to wait to that, you might still want to wait to that, you might still want to wait to book your trip until a couple of months book your trip until a couple of months book your trip until a couple of months after those new experiences debut, just after those new experiences debut, just after those new experiences debut, just to make sure Disney gets all their kinks to make sure Disney gets all their kinks to make sure Disney gets all their kinks worked out during set attractions worked out during set attractions worked out during set attractions initial opening phases. Not to mention, initial opening phases. Not to mention, initial opening phases. Not to mention, if you check out a new experience after if you check out a new experience after if you check out a new experience after the initial hype has died down, you the initial hype has died down, you the initial hype has died down, you won't have to deal with the influx of won't have to deal with the influx of won't have to deal with the influx of crowds who are all piling into the parks crowds who are all piling into the parks crowds who are all piling into the parks just to see the new stuff. But here's just to see the new stuff. But here's just to see the new stuff. But here's the catch to all this, and this is why the catch to all this, and this is why the catch to all this, and this is why you watch DFP Guide, because we're going you watch DFP Guide, because we're going you watch DFP Guide, because we're going to give you all of these caveats to this to give you all of these caveats to this to give you all of these caveats to this stuff. Disney is currently talking about stuff. Disney is currently talking about stuff. Disney is currently talking about using dynamic pricing for their tickets using dynamic pricing for their tickets using dynamic pricing for their tickets in the future. So, what does that mean? in the future. So, what does that mean? in the future. So, what does that mean? Right now, Disney uses a surge pricing Right now, Disney uses a surge pricing Right now, Disney uses a surge pricing system for tickets, meaning that prices system for tickets, meaning that prices system for tickets, meaning that prices can fluctuate based on when you book can fluctuate based on when you book can fluctuate based on when you book them. But once they're announced, it's them. But once they're announced, it's them. But once they're announced, it's fixed, so you don't have to worry about fixed, so you don't have to worry about fixed, so you don't have to worry about it jumping up in cost any, even if you it jumping up in cost any, even if you it jumping up in cost any, even if you book your tickets at the last minute. book your tickets at the last minute. book your tickets at the last minute. But with dynamic pricing, ticket prices But with dynamic pricing, ticket prices But with dynamic pricing, ticket prices could change every time you look at could change every time you look at could change every time you look at them. And there's a good chance that the them. And there's a good chance that the them. And there's a good chance that the closer it gets to your trip, the higher closer it gets to your trip, the higher closer it gets to your trip, the higher the ticket price is going to be. kind of the ticket price is going to be. kind of the ticket price is going to be. kind of like what Disney hotel pricing looks like what Disney hotel pricing looks like what Disney hotel pricing looks like or what pricing looks like when like or what pricing looks like when like or what pricing looks like when you're trying to book a flight, right? you're trying to book a flight, right? you're trying to book a flight, right? You might check that flight price two You might check that flight price two You might check that flight price two months ahead of your trip and it's one months ahead of your trip and it's one months ahead of your trip and it's one price and then a month later you check price and then a month later you check price and then a month later you check and suddenly it's $500 more expensive. and suddenly it's $500 more expensive. and suddenly it's $500 more expensive. Now, while Disney World hasn't switched Now, while Disney World hasn't switched Now, while Disney World hasn't switched over to this ticket pricing system yet, over to this ticket pricing system yet, over to this ticket pricing system yet, they've mentioned launching it sooner they've mentioned launching it sooner they've mentioned launching it sooner rather than later. So, if you do hold rather than later. So, if you do hold rather than later. So, if you do hold off on booking tickets until you know off on booking tickets until you know off on booking tickets until you know the official opening dates for things, the official opening dates for things, the official opening dates for things, there is the possibility that your there is the possibility that your there is the possibility that your ticket budget might be impacted. I doubt ticket budget might be impacted. I doubt ticket budget might be impacted. I doubt it's going to happen in 2026 since it's going to happen in 2026 since it's going to happen in 2026 since they've already published the ticket they've already published the ticket they've already published the ticket prices for next year, but I want you to prices for next year, but I want you to prices for next year, but I want you to be thinking about that as we're kind of be thinking about that as we're kind of be thinking about that as we're kind of rolling into 2026. They can change stuff rolling into 2026. They can change stuff rolling into 2026. They can change stuff at any time. So, wait until they at any time. So, wait until they at any time. So, wait until they announce official opening dates if you announce official opening dates if you announce official opening dates if you can, but if there's any concern about can, but if there's any concern about can, but if there's any concern about ticket pricing, then go ahead and lock ticket pricing, then go ahead and lock ticket pricing, then go ahead and lock in what you need to lock in. If you're in what you need to lock in. If you're in what you need to lock in. If you're trying to figure out how to score a trying to figure out how to score a trying to figure out how to score a table at one of Disney's newest or most table at one of Disney's newest or most table at one of Disney's newest or most popular restaurants, this is what you popular restaurants, this is what you popular restaurants, this is what you need to do ahead of time to increase need to do ahead of time to increase need to do ahead of time to increase your chances of success. Disney World's your chances of success. Disney World's your chances of success. Disney World's advanced dining reservations open 60 advanced dining reservations open 60 advanced dining reservations open 60 days ahead of your trip. But if you're days ahead of your trip. But if you're days ahead of your trip. But if you're staying at a Disney Worldowned hotel, staying at a Disney Worldowned hotel, staying at a Disney Worldowned hotel, you can book reservations for your whole you can book reservations for your whole you can book reservations for your whole trip, up to 10 days, starting 60 days trip, up to 10 days, starting 60 days trip, up to 10 days, starting 60 days before your check-in date. That means on before your check-in date. That means on before your check-in date. That means on your booking day, you might be able to your booking day, you might be able to your booking day, you might be able to grab dates for your bucket list Disney grab dates for your bucket list Disney grab dates for your bucket list Disney restaurant when it's actually 64 days or restaurant when it's actually 64 days or restaurant when it's actually 64 days or dine there. Now, this gives onpropy dine there. Now, this gives onpropy dine there. Now, this gives onpropy guests a huge advanced dining guests a huge advanced dining guests a huge advanced dining reservation advantage because they'll reservation advantage because they'll reservation advantage because they'll often scoop up the earliest spots before often scoop up the earliest spots before often scoop up the earliest spots before off-site guests even get a chance to off-site guests even get a chance to off-site guests even get a chance to look at them. Reservations open online look at them. Reservations open online look at them. Reservations open online at 6:00 a.m. Eastern on the Disney World at 6:00 a.m. Eastern on the Disney World at 6:00 a.m. Eastern on the Disney World website and in the My Disney Experience website and in the My Disney Experience website and in the My Disney Experience app. While you can also call Disney to app. While you can also call Disney to app. While you can also call Disney to make advanced dining reservations, the make advanced dining reservations, the make advanced dining reservations, the phone lines don't open until an hour phone lines don't open until an hour phone lines don't open until an hour after the online reservations do. So after the online reservations do. So after the online reservations do. So really, your best bet here is sticking really, your best bet here is sticking really, your best bet here is sticking with the virtual stuff. And I'd actually with the virtual stuff. And I'd actually with the virtual stuff. And I'd actually recommend you log into your Disney recommend you log into your Disney recommend you log into your Disney account around 5:45 a.m. instead of account around 5:45 a.m. instead of account around 5:45 a.m. instead of waiting till 6:00 since sometimes slots waiting till 6:00 since sometimes slots waiting till 6:00 since sometimes slots load a little earlier than expected. I load a little earlier than expected. I load a little earlier than expected. I know 5:45 is a commitment, especially if know 5:45 is a commitment, especially if know 5:45 is a commitment, especially if you're not already living on the East you're not already living on the East you're not already living on the East Coast. So, set your alarm, grab some Coast. So, set your alarm, grab some Coast. So, set your alarm, grab some coffee, get ready to refresh, like your coffee, get ready to refresh, like your coffee, get ready to refresh, like your pirate plundering depends on it. When pirate plundering depends on it. When pirate plundering depends on it. When you log in, make sure you've already you log in, make sure you've already you log in, make sure you've already signed into your Disney account with signed into your Disney account with signed into your Disney account with your payment method saved, which will your payment method saved, which will your payment method saved, which will save you precious seconds once save you precious seconds once save you precious seconds once reservations do go live. If you miss out reservations do go live. If you miss out reservations do go live. If you miss out or oversleep, don't panic just yet. You or oversleep, don't panic just yet. You or oversleep, don't panic just yet. You didn't completely ruin your chances of didn't completely ruin your chances of didn't completely ruin your chances of success. You'll just have to pivot to success. You'll just have to pivot to success. You'll just have to pivot to plan B potentially. Disney reservations plan B potentially. Disney reservations plan B potentially. Disney reservations are constantly changing as guests tweak are constantly changing as guests tweak are constantly changing as guests tweak their plans closer to their visit. So, their plans closer to their visit. So, their plans closer to their visit. So, check the My Disney Experience app check the My Disney Experience app check the My Disney Experience app daily. People cancel often, especially daily. People cancel often, especially daily. People cancel often, especially as their trip gets closer and they're as their trip gets closer and they're as their trip gets closer and they're able to make cancellations for free, up able to make cancellations for free, up able to make cancellations for free, up to two hours before their reservation to two hours before their reservation to two hours before their reservation takes place. Now, plan C. Sometimes you takes place. Now, plan C. Sometimes you takes place. Now, plan C. Sometimes you might even find a popular restaurant might even find a popular restaurant might even find a popular restaurant opening at the last minute. On the day opening at the last minute. On the day opening at the last minute. On the day of your visit, check the app first thing of your visit, check the app first thing of your visit, check the app first thing in the morning and cross your fingers in the morning and cross your fingers in the morning and cross your fingers for all of a sudden availability. It for all of a sudden availability. It for all of a sudden availability. It absolutely happens and on the regular. absolutely happens and on the regular. absolutely happens and on the regular. You can also visit the host stand of the You can also visit the host stand of the You can also visit the host stand of the restaurant that you're trying to get restaurant that you're trying to get restaurant that you're trying to get into and kindly ask about availability into and kindly ask about availability into and kindly ask about availability there. This might not give you any there. This might not give you any there. This might not give you any different answer from what you're different answer from what you're different answer from what you're already seeing on the app, but cast already seeing on the app, but cast already seeing on the app, but cast members sometimes have access to more members sometimes have access to more members sometimes have access to more availability than what the app will show availability than what the app will show availability than what the app will show you due to last minute no-shows and you due to last minute no-shows and you due to last minute no-shows and cancellations. We always recommend kind cancellations. We always recommend kind cancellations. We always recommend kind of roped dropping a restaurant like as of roped dropping a restaurant like as of roped dropping a restaurant like as soon as it opens to see if they happen soon as it opens to see if they happen soon as it opens to see if they happen to have any tables available. Bottom to have any tables available. Bottom to have any tables available. Bottom line, never give up. I can usually score line, never give up. I can usually score line, never give up. I can usually score the reservation I'm looking for as long the reservation I'm looking for as long the reservation I'm looking for as long as I keep kind of checking and checking as I keep kind of checking and checking as I keep kind of checking and checking and rechecking. and rechecking. and rechecking. Looking for high value Disney World Looking for high value Disney World Looking for high value Disney World souvenirs for a low dollar cost that you souvenirs for a low dollar cost that you souvenirs for a low dollar cost that you won't find online? Here are several of won't find online? Here are several of won't find online? Here are several of the places where you can make your own the places where you can make your own the places where you can make your own Disney World merchandise that'll cost Disney World merchandise that'll cost Disney World merchandise that'll cost you under 30 bucks. In Animal Kingdom, you under 30 bucks. In Animal Kingdom, you under 30 bucks. In Animal Kingdom, you can build your own Na'vi bracelet or you can build your own Na'vi bracelet or you can build your own Na'vi bracelet or necklace inside Wind Traders for around necklace inside Wind Traders for around necklace inside Wind Traders for around souvenir, take a train ride over to souvenir, take a train ride over to souvenir, take a train ride over to Rafiki's Planet Watch and take a sketch Rafiki's Planet Watch and take a sketch Rafiki's Planet Watch and take a sketch class, which will help guide you through class, which will help guide you through class, which will help guide you through drawing one of your favorite Disney drawing one of your favorite Disney drawing one of your favorite Disney animated characters to hang up on your animated characters to hang up on your animated characters to hang up on your fridge once you get back home. In fridge once you get back home. In fridge once you get back home. In certain gift shops, like you'll find in certain gift shops, like you'll find in certain gift shops, like you'll find in Epcot's Canada Pavilion and Magic Epcot's Canada Pavilion and Magic Epcot's Canada Pavilion and Magic Kingdom's Adventureland, you'll be able Kingdom's Adventureland, you'll be able Kingdom's Adventureland, you'll be able to purchase leather bracelets and to purchase leather bracelets and to purchase leather bracelets and keychains for around $12 to $20 with keychains for around $12 to $20 with keychains for around $12 to $20 with personal engravings included if you want personal engravings included if you want personal engravings included if you want them. Magic Kingdom Silhouette Art is a them. Magic Kingdom Silhouette Art is a them. Magic Kingdom Silhouette Art is a personal favorite of mine. You can often personal favorite of mine. You can often personal favorite of mine. You can often find Magic Kingdom silhouette portrait find Magic Kingdom silhouette portrait find Magic Kingdom silhouette portrait artists in two different locations, artists in two different locations, artists in two different locations, right outside Yield Christmas Shop in right outside Yield Christmas Shop in right outside Yield Christmas Shop in Liberty Square or right outside Uptown Liberty Square or right outside Uptown Liberty Square or right outside Uptown Jewelers on Main Street, USA. The Jewelers on Main Street, USA. The Jewelers on Main Street, USA. The silhouette artists at both locations silhouette artists at both locations silhouette artists at both locations create their designs with paper and create their designs with paper and create their designs with paper and scissors and your personal photographs scissors and your personal photographs scissors and your personal photographs for reference. Prices for an individual for reference. Prices for an individual for reference. Prices for an individual silhouette start at $14. Another custom silhouette start at $14. Another custom silhouette start at $14. Another custom artwork cart that you need to be on the artwork cart that you need to be on the artwork cart that you need to be on the lookout for in Magic Kingdom's Liberty lookout for in Magic Kingdom's Liberty lookout for in Magic Kingdom's Liberty Square is the custom parasol cart. You Square is the custom parasol cart. You Square is the custom parasol cart. You can purchase one that's on display or can purchase one that's on display or can purchase one that's on display or you can ask the parasol artist for a few you can ask the parasol artist for a few you can ask the parasol artist for a few custom designs if you have something custom designs if you have something custom designs if you have something more particular in mind. Prices for more particular in mind. Prices for more particular in mind. Prices for these tend to start around $20. I used these tend to start around $20. I used these tend to start around $20. I used to have one of these when I was a little to have one of these when I was a little to have one of these when I was a little girl and I absolutely loved it. Now, if girl and I absolutely loved it. Now, if girl and I absolutely loved it. Now, if you visit Magic Kingdom's Yield you visit Magic Kingdom's Yield you visit Magic Kingdom's Yield Christmas Shop or Disney Springs Christmas Shop or Disney Springs Christmas Shop or Disney Springs Disney's Days of Christmas store, you Disney's Days of Christmas store, you Disney's Days of Christmas store, you can pick out a festive ornament even in can pick out a festive ornament even in can pick out a festive ornament even in the middle of the summer to best the middle of the summer to best the middle of the summer to best represent your trip or your personal represent your trip or your personal represent your trip or your personal interests. Then, whatever ornament you interests. Then, whatever ornament you interests. Then, whatever ornament you choose, you can get it personalized by a choose, you can get it personalized by a choose, you can get it personalized by a cast member to make it uniquely yours. cast member to make it uniquely yours. cast member to make it uniquely yours. Additional customizable options have Additional customizable options have Additional customizable options have price points that depend on what kind of price points that depend on what kind of price points that depend on what kind of design or text you land on, but designs design or text you land on, but designs design or text you land on, but designs tend to start at $5 each on top of the tend to start at $5 each on top of the tend to start at $5 each on top of the ornament price. And if you purchase ornament price. And if you purchase ornament price. And if you purchase those plain Jane Mickey ears, the ones those plain Jane Mickey ears, the ones those plain Jane Mickey ears, the ones that are made kind of out of plastic that are made kind of out of plastic that are made kind of out of plastic instead of felt or sequins, those instead of felt or sequins, those instead of felt or sequins, those Christmas shop cast members can also Christmas shop cast members can also Christmas shop cast members can also customize those ears with their magic customize those ears with their magic customize those ears with their magic set of paint pens, too. Often you can set of paint pens, too. Often you can set of paint pens, too. Often you can create your own glass work at a kiosk create your own glass work at a kiosk create your own glass work at a kiosk right outside Epcot's Germany pavilion right outside Epcot's Germany pavilion right outside Epcot's Germany pavilion with projects starting at $19. Prices with projects starting at $19. Prices with projects starting at $19. Prices for the paint your own Venetian masks for the paint your own Venetian masks for the paint your own Venetian masks project over in Epcot's Italy pavilion project over in Epcot's Italy pavilion project over in Epcot's Italy pavilion tend to start at $30, but if you want tend to start at $30, but if you want tend to start at $30, but if you want the more intricate stuff, expect to pay the more intricate stuff, expect to pay the more intricate stuff, expect to pay upwards of 50. There are several upwards of 50. There are several upwards of 50. There are several different custom candle experiences with different custom candle experiences with different custom candle experiences with prices typically ranging around the 20 prices typically ranging around the 20 prices typically ranging around the 20 to $30 marker. Most commonly, you can to $30 marker. Most commonly, you can to $30 marker. Most commonly, you can find these create your own candles in find these create your own candles in find these create your own candles in Disney Springs at stores like Basin and Disney Springs at stores like Basin and Disney Springs at stores like Basin and Bose Signature Candles. Speaking of Bose Signature Candles. Speaking of Bose Signature Candles. Speaking of Disney Springs, Disney Springs truly is Disney Springs, Disney Springs truly is Disney Springs, Disney Springs truly is a treasure trove for custommade stuff at a treasure trove for custommade stuff at a treasure trove for custommade stuff at the M&amp;M store. Custom-designed M&amp;M's the M&amp;M store. Custom-designed M&amp;M's the M&amp;M store. Custom-designed M&amp;M's start around $20 per small bulk bag, start around $20 per small bulk bag, start around $20 per small bulk bag, though they can get more expensive though they can get more expensive though they can get more expensive depending on the container you choose. depending on the container you choose. depending on the container you choose. And if you want your own custom And if you want your own custom And if you want your own custom Coca-Cola can, I love this. Nobody knows Coca-Cola can, I love this. Nobody knows Coca-Cola can, I love this. Nobody knows about it. You can get that at the about it. You can get that at the about it. You can get that at the Coca-Cola store in Disney Springs, too, Coca-Cola store in Disney Springs, too, Coca-Cola store in Disney Springs, too, for around $8. And let's not forget all for around $8. And let's not forget all for around $8. And let's not forget all the Disney World resorts offer up some the Disney World resorts offer up some the Disney World resorts offer up some sort of arts and crafts project or class sort of arts and crafts project or class sort of arts and crafts project or class at some point during the week, which at some point during the week, which at some point during the week, which those are typically inexpensive and those are typically inexpensive and those are typically inexpensive and still give you the chance to create a still give you the chance to create a still give you the chance to create a one-of-a-kind Disney piece that no one one-of-a-kind Disney piece that no one one-of-a-kind Disney piece that no one else is going to own. It's a great thing else is going to own. It's a great thing else is going to own. It's a great thing to do with your whole family. Fantasmic to do with your whole family. Fantasmic to do with your whole family. Fantasmic Festival of Fantasy, Holiday Party, Festival of Fantasy, Holiday Party, Festival of Fantasy, Holiday Party, Nighttime Spectaculars, and now Disney Nighttime Spectaculars, and now Disney Nighttime Spectaculars, and now Disney Starlight Dream the Night Away in Magic Starlight Dream the Night Away in Magic Starlight Dream the Night Away in Magic Kingdom. Each of these shows are super Kingdom. Each of these shows are super Kingdom. Each of these shows are super popular amongst Disney goers. And popular amongst Disney goers. And popular amongst Disney goers. And depending on when you're visiting, you depending on when you're visiting, you depending on when you're visiting, you might have two different chances to see might have two different chances to see might have two different chances to see them. If you happen to be at Magic them. If you happen to be at Magic them. If you happen to be at Magic Kingdom or Hollywood Studios when one of Kingdom or Hollywood Studios when one of Kingdom or Hollywood Studios when one of these shows or parades is having a these shows or parades is having a these shows or parades is having a double feature, aim to go to the second double feature, aim to go to the second double feature, aim to go to the second showtime instead of the first. Lots of showtime instead of the first. Lots of showtime instead of the first. Lots of guests choose to go to the first showing guests choose to go to the first showing guests choose to go to the first showing either because it's getting towards the either because it's getting towards the either because it's getting towards the end of the night, so they're ready to end of the night, so they're ready to end of the night, so they're ready to head back to their hotel and get the head back to their hotel and get the head back to their hotel and get the kids to bed, or in the case of those kids to bed, or in the case of those kids to bed, or in the case of those daytime parades, lots of folks will just daytime parades, lots of folks will just daytime parades, lots of folks will just well be flatout excited for them, so well be flatout excited for them, so well be flatout excited for them, so they don't want to wait to see the show they don't want to wait to see the show they don't want to wait to see the show later when they can see all the fun later when they can see all the fun later when they can see all the fun floats and characters right now. But floats and characters right now. But floats and characters right now. But that typically means the second showtime that typically means the second showtime that typically means the second showtime for these is usually a whole lot less for these is usually a whole lot less for these is usually a whole lot less crowded, giving you more seating choices crowded, giving you more seating choices crowded, giving you more seating choices and a greater chance at a better, less and a greater chance at a better, less and a greater chance at a better, less packed view. Happily Ever After may not packed view. Happily Ever After may not packed view. Happily Ever After may not play twice in a night like some of the play twice in a night like some of the play twice in a night like some of the other shows do, but that doesn't mean other shows do, but that doesn't mean other shows do, but that doesn't mean you just have to stick with watching one you just have to stick with watching one you just have to stick with watching one Castle Fireworks show if you'd rather Castle Fireworks show if you'd rather Castle Fireworks show if you'd rather double dip. After hours events are double dip. After hours events are double dip. After hours events are returning to Magic Kingdom in 2026, returning to Magic Kingdom in 2026, returning to Magic Kingdom in 2026, meaning on select nights from January meaning on select nights from January meaning on select nights from January separate ticket to run around Magic separate ticket to run around Magic separate ticket to run around Magic Kingdom for an extra 3 hours after the Kingdom for an extra 3 hours after the Kingdom for an extra 3 hours after the parks closed for everybody else, giving parks closed for everybody else, giving parks closed for everybody else, giving you access to over 20 Magic Kingdom you access to over 20 Magic Kingdom you access to over 20 Magic Kingdom rides while the park is kept at a rides while the park is kept at a rides while the park is kept at a limited capacity. Plus, you get free ice limited capacity. Plus, you get free ice limited capacity. Plus, you get free ice cream and popcorn and drinks throughout cream and popcorn and drinks throughout cream and popcorn and drinks throughout the evening, too. So, here's where the the evening, too. So, here's where the the evening, too. So, here's where the fireworks double dipping comes into fireworks double dipping comes into fireworks double dipping comes into play. After hours runs from 10:00 p.m. play. After hours runs from 10:00 p.m. play. After hours runs from 10:00 p.m. to 1:00 a.m. at Magic Kingdom, but you to 1:00 a.m. at Magic Kingdom, but you to 1:00 a.m. at Magic Kingdom, but you can still enter the park as early as 700 can still enter the park as early as 700 can still enter the park as early as 700 p.m. with just your event ticket. So, no p.m. with just your event ticket. So, no p.m. with just your event ticket. So, no general admission cost required. That general admission cost required. That general admission cost required. That means if you arrive early enough, you'll means if you arrive early enough, you'll means if you arrive early enough, you'll actually be able to catch both Happily actually be able to catch both Happily actually be able to catch both Happily Ever After during regular park hours and Ever After during regular park hours and Ever After during regular park hours and Disney Enchantment during after hours Disney Enchantment during after hours Disney Enchantment during after hours all in one night. All right, waiting in all in one night. All right, waiting in all in one night. All right, waiting in super long ride lines for multiple days super long ride lines for multiple days super long ride lines for multiple days in a row is going to wear on you real in a row is going to wear on you real in a row is going to wear on you real quick. Might even fool you into thinking quick. Might even fool you into thinking quick. Might even fool you into thinking you don't like Disney World very you don't like Disney World very you don't like Disney World very [laughter] much, but Lightning Lanes can [laughter] much, but Lightning Lanes can [laughter] much, but Lightning Lanes can really save your trip, especially if really save your trip, especially if really save your trip, especially if you're planning on going during one of you're planning on going during one of you're planning on going during one of those peak season times like spring those peak season times like spring those peak season times like spring break or the end of year holidays. There break or the end of year holidays. There break or the end of year holidays. There are multiple ways to use Lightning Lanes are multiple ways to use Lightning Lanes are multiple ways to use Lightning Lanes to bypass all of those cues in exchange to bypass all of those cues in exchange to bypass all of those cues in exchange for much shorter lines from single pass for much shorter lines from single pass for much shorter lines from single pass to multipass to Premier Pass. But you to multipass to Premier Pass. But you to multipass to Premier Pass. But you can learn about all the details of those can learn about all the details of those can learn about all the details of those with our free maximizing your lightning with our free maximizing your lightning with our free maximizing your lightning lanes guide. Just scan the QR code you lanes guide. Just scan the QR code you lanes guide. Just scan the QR code you see on the screen now or head to see on the screen now or head to see on the screen now or head to disneyfoodblog.com/multipass disneyfoodblog.com/multipass disneyfoodblog.com/multipass for that free guide after this. For now for that free guide after this. For now for that free guide after this. For now though, I'm going to show you the best though, I'm going to show you the best though, I'm going to show you the best ways to use the most common Lightning ways to use the most common Lightning ways to use the most common Lightning Lane purchase, Multipass, to really make Lane purchase, Multipass, to really make Lane purchase, Multipass, to really make the most out of your Lightning Lane that the most out of your Lightning Lane that the most out of your Lightning Lane that Disney isn't directly going to tell you Disney isn't directly going to tell you Disney isn't directly going to tell you about themselves. So, first, be flexible about themselves. So, first, be flexible about themselves. So, first, be flexible with booking. When it comes to Lightning with booking. When it comes to Lightning with booking. When it comes to Lightning Lane Multipass, you can book up to three Lane Multipass, you can book up to three Lane Multipass, you can book up to three Lightning Lanes ahead of your visit. Lightning Lanes ahead of your visit. Lightning Lanes ahead of your visit. Seven days out for Disney hotel guests, Seven days out for Disney hotel guests, Seven days out for Disney hotel guests, three days out for the rest of us. three days out for the rest of us. three days out for the rest of us. Unfortunately, you can't just book any Unfortunately, you can't just book any Unfortunately, you can't just book any Lightning Lanes you want. You'll have to Lightning Lanes you want. You'll have to Lightning Lanes you want. You'll have to adhere to a Lightning Lane tier system adhere to a Lightning Lane tier system adhere to a Lightning Lane tier system for every park besides Animal Kingdom. for every park besides Animal Kingdom. for every park besides Animal Kingdom. That is, since Animal Kingdom has way That is, since Animal Kingdom has way That is, since Animal Kingdom has way fewer rides to choose from, it's kind of fewer rides to choose from, it's kind of fewer rides to choose from, it's kind of a freefor-all over there. But for Magic a freefor-all over there. But for Magic a freefor-all over there. But for Magic Kingdom, Epcot, and Hollywood Studios, Kingdom, Epcot, and Hollywood Studios, Kingdom, Epcot, and Hollywood Studios, you're going to be limited to choosing you're going to be limited to choosing you're going to be limited to choosing one Lightning Lane option from the tier one Lightning Lane option from the tier one Lightning Lane option from the tier one rides. all those really popular ones one rides. all those really popular ones one rides. all those really popular ones and choosing your other two options or and choosing your other two options or and choosing your other two options or all three if you want from the tier two. all three if you want from the tier two. all three if you want from the tier two. You with me so far? Okay, great. If You with me so far? Okay, great. If You with me so far? Okay, great. If you're not, again, Lightning Lane PDF is you're not, again, Lightning Lane PDF is you're not, again, Lightning Lane PDF is going to help you out a lot [laughter] going to help you out a lot [laughter] going to help you out a lot [laughter] and it's free once again. All right, and it's free once again. All right, and it's free once again. All right, once you get inside the park and use once you get inside the park and use once you get inside the park and use your first Lightning Lane of the day, your first Lightning Lane of the day, your first Lightning Lane of the day, the tier system disappears and you can the tier system disappears and you can the tier system disappears and you can book whatever Lightning lanes you want book whatever Lightning lanes you want book whatever Lightning lanes you want to. Now, it might seem like the smartest to. Now, it might seem like the smartest to. Now, it might seem like the smartest choice to book the most popular rides choice to book the most popular rides choice to book the most popular rides ahead of time that you can find right ahead of time that you can find right ahead of time that you can find right off the bat, but you might find it more off the bat, but you might find it more off the bat, but you might find it more beneficial to book a throwaway lightning beneficial to book a throwaway lightning beneficial to book a throwaway lightning lane option instead, aka the ride that lane option instead, aka the ride that lane option instead, aka the ride that doesn't really need a Lightning Lane, so doesn't really need a Lightning Lane, so doesn't really need a Lightning Lane, so folks don't tend to prioritize it. But folks don't tend to prioritize it. But folks don't tend to prioritize it. But why, AJ? Isn't that a super waste? Well, why, AJ? Isn't that a super waste? Well, why, AJ? Isn't that a super waste? Well, if you can choose the earliest throwaway if you can choose the earliest throwaway if you can choose the earliest throwaway lightning lane for the earliest time lightning lane for the earliest time lightning lane for the earliest time that you can get for the day and scan that you can get for the day and scan that you can get for the day and scan into that lightning lane as soon as into that lightning lane as soon as into that lightning lane as soon as possible, then you'll be able to go possible, then you'll be able to go possible, then you'll be able to go ahead and book another lightning lane ahead and book another lightning lane ahead and book another lightning lane immediately after regardless of tier. immediately after regardless of tier. immediately after regardless of tier. Meaning, you can quickly pick up a Meaning, you can quickly pick up a Meaning, you can quickly pick up a former tier 1 lightning lane ASAP as former tier 1 lightning lane ASAP as former tier 1 lightning lane ASAP as long as they're still available, which long as they're still available, which long as they're still available, which they more than likely will be the they more than likely will be the they more than likely will be the earlier on in the day you try to snag earlier on in the day you try to snag earlier on in the day you try to snag one. Some of our recommended choices for one. Some of our recommended choices for one. Some of our recommended choices for throwaway lightning lanes are Mad Tea throwaway lightning lanes are Mad Tea throwaway lightning lanes are Mad Tea Party in Magic Kingdom, The Seas with Party in Magic Kingdom, The Seas with Party in Magic Kingdom, The Seas with Nemo and Friends, or Journey into Nemo and Friends, or Journey into Nemo and Friends, or Journey into Imagination with Figment in Epcot, or Imagination with Figment in Epcot, or Imagination with Figment in Epcot, or Star Tours and Hollywood Studios. So, Star Tours and Hollywood Studios. So, Star Tours and Hollywood Studios. So, which rides should you book in advance? which rides should you book in advance? which rides should you book in advance? Well, it can depend on your priorities Well, it can depend on your priorities Well, it can depend on your priorities and what's actually available when you and what's actually available when you and what's actually available when you book. You'll definitely want to choose book. You'll definitely want to choose book. You'll definitely want to choose your top choice ride from tier 1, no your top choice ride from tier 1, no your top choice ride from tier 1, no matter what time it's available. Just matter what time it's available. Just matter what time it's available. Just choose the one that fits your schedule choose the one that fits your schedule choose the one that fits your schedule best. Beyond that, you'll want to choose best. Beyond that, you'll want to choose best. Beyond that, you'll want to choose the earliest times available for your the earliest times available for your the earliest times available for your other priority rides. And in a perfect other priority rides. And in a perfect other priority rides. And in a perfect world, you've also scored an early time world, you've also scored an early time world, you've also scored an early time for that tier one as well. Our top tip for that tier one as well. Our top tip for that tier one as well. Our top tip is to make sure you book the best is to make sure you book the best is to make sure you book the best lightning lane available for the lightning lane available for the lightning lane available for the earliest time available. For Magic earliest time available. For Magic earliest time available. For Magic Kingdom, this might be Mad Tea Party Kingdom, this might be Mad Tea Party Kingdom, this might be Mad Tea Party right at 9:00 a.m. Now, Mad Tea Party right at 9:00 a.m. Now, Mad Tea Party right at 9:00 a.m. Now, Mad Tea Party rarely, if ever, needs a Lightning Lane, rarely, if ever, needs a Lightning Lane, rarely, if ever, needs a Lightning Lane, but remember what I said about those but remember what I said about those but remember what I said about those tier restrictions, right? They disappear tier restrictions, right? They disappear tier restrictions, right? They disappear once you've scanned in for your first once you've scanned in for your first once you've scanned in for your first ride. So, if you're using a Lightning ride. So, if you're using a Lightning ride. So, if you're using a Lightning Lane as soon as the park opens, then Lane as soon as the park opens, then Lane as soon as the park opens, then you're eligible to book another one you're eligible to book another one you're eligible to book another one right away. And that can be a tier one right away. And that can be a tier one right away. And that can be a tier one or it can even be in another park if or it can even be in another park if or it can even be in another park if you're park hopping. So, that gives you you're park hopping. So, that gives you you're park hopping. So, that gives you an advantage when you're making more day an advantage when you're making more day an advantage when you're making more day of selections. Use that first Lightning of selections. Use that first Lightning of selections. Use that first Lightning Lane as early in the day as you can. So, Lane as early in the day as you can. So, Lane as early in the day as you can. So, the earlier you can start booking more the earlier you can start booking more the earlier you can start booking more Lightning Lanes beyond your pre-selected Lightning Lanes beyond your pre-selected Lightning Lanes beyond your pre-selected three, the more rides and times will be three, the more rides and times will be three, the more rides and times will be available, and that means you can fit a available, and that means you can fit a available, and that means you can fit a lot more into your day, making the most lot more into your day, making the most lot more into your day, making the most of your purchase. Fair warning, this of your purchase. Fair warning, this of your purchase. Fair warning, this doesn't save you heaps and bounds of doesn't save you heaps and bounds of doesn't save you heaps and bounds of money or anything, but it can save you money or anything, but it can save you money or anything, but it can save you some. And in 2026, every penny counts. some. And in 2026, every penny counts. some. And in 2026, every penny counts. Second Lightning Lane tip, park hop for Second Lightning Lane tip, park hop for Second Lightning Lane tip, park hop for cheaper prices. When you're making your cheaper prices. When you're making your cheaper prices. When you're making your three Lightning Lane selections in three Lightning Lane selections in three Lightning Lane selections in advance, you can only book said advance, you can only book said advance, you can only book said selections for one park at a time. But selections for one park at a time. But selections for one park at a time. But once you actually redeem one of those once you actually redeem one of those once you actually redeem one of those selections on the day of your park selections on the day of your park selections on the day of your park visit, you can choose another multipass visit, you can choose another multipass visit, you can choose another multipass experience for any of the other parks, experience for any of the other parks, experience for any of the other parks, just as long as you have that park just as long as you have that park just as long as you have that park hopper add-on. Here's an example. Let's hopper add-on. Here's an example. Let's hopper add-on. Here's an example. Let's say I want to park hop from Animal say I want to park hop from Animal say I want to park hop from Animal Kingdom to Magic Kingdom. All my Kingdom to Magic Kingdom. All my Kingdom to Magic Kingdom. All my pre-selected Lightning lanes are going pre-selected Lightning lanes are going pre-selected Lightning lanes are going to need to be for Animal Kingdom since to need to be for Animal Kingdom since to need to be for Animal Kingdom since that's the park I'm starting in. When I that's the park I'm starting in. When I that's the park I'm starting in. When I get to Animal Kingdom and I scan my get to Animal Kingdom and I scan my get to Animal Kingdom and I scan my first Lightning Lane of the day for, first Lightning Lane of the day for, first Lightning Lane of the day for, say, Na'vi River Journey, I can say, Na'vi River Journey, I can say, Na'vi River Journey, I can immediately book another Lightning Lane immediately book another Lightning Lane immediately book another Lightning Lane for whatever park I want to visit next. for whatever park I want to visit next. for whatever park I want to visit next. So, that means I can snag a lightning So, that means I can snag a lightning So, that means I can snag a lightning lane for like the many adventures of lane for like the many adventures of lane for like the many adventures of Winnie the Pooh and Magic Kingdom if Winnie the Pooh and Magic Kingdom if Winnie the Pooh and Magic Kingdom if they're still available. And wouldn't they're still available. And wouldn't they're still available. And wouldn't you know, your ability to park hop with you know, your ability to park hop with you know, your ability to park hop with Lightning Lanes can also save you money Lightning Lanes can also save you money Lightning Lanes can also save you money on your multi passes. Each of the parks on your multi passes. Each of the parks on your multi passes. Each of the parks has variable pricing, meaning the prices has variable pricing, meaning the prices has variable pricing, meaning the prices change daily depending on demand. change daily depending on demand. change daily depending on demand. Typically, Animal Kingdom is going to Typically, Animal Kingdom is going to Typically, Animal Kingdom is going to have the cheapest Lightning Lane prices, have the cheapest Lightning Lane prices, have the cheapest Lightning Lane prices, averaging around 20 bucks per day per averaging around 20 bucks per day per averaging around 20 bucks per day per person, while Magic Kingdom typically person, while Magic Kingdom typically person, while Magic Kingdom typically has the highest, averaging around 35 per has the highest, averaging around 35 per has the highest, averaging around 35 per day per person. If you book your first day per person. If you book your first day per person. If you book your first pre-selected lightning lanes for Animal pre-selected lightning lanes for Animal pre-selected lightning lanes for Animal Kingdom, then you're going to pay the Kingdom, then you're going to pay the Kingdom, then you're going to pay the Animal Kingdom price point, even if you Animal Kingdom price point, even if you Animal Kingdom price point, even if you decide to switch things up on the day of decide to switch things up on the day of decide to switch things up on the day of your visit and use Lightning Lanes at your visit and use Lightning Lanes at your visit and use Lightning Lanes at Magic Kingdom with your Park Hopper Magic Kingdom with your Park Hopper Magic Kingdom with your Park Hopper capabilities. There's also a chance that capabilities. There's also a chance that capabilities. There's also a chance that after you scan into your first Animal after you scan into your first Animal after you scan into your first Animal Kingdom Lightning Lane of the day, you Kingdom Lightning Lane of the day, you Kingdom Lightning Lane of the day, you can choose to modify your other two can choose to modify your other two can choose to modify your other two pre-selected Animal Kingdom options to pre-selected Animal Kingdom options to pre-selected Animal Kingdom options to make them Magic Kingdom selections make them Magic Kingdom selections make them Magic Kingdom selections instead, and you still won't have to pay instead, and you still won't have to pay instead, and you still won't have to pay the difference between the two parks. the difference between the two parks. the difference between the two parks. Three, remember your three-hour window. Three, remember your three-hour window. Three, remember your three-hour window. While I'd never recommend arriving late While I'd never recommend arriving late While I'd never recommend arriving late to your Lightning Lane return time on to your Lightning Lane return time on to your Lightning Lane return time on purpose, don't freak out if you find purpose, don't freak out if you find purpose, don't freak out if you find yourself running behind trying to get to yourself running behind trying to get to yourself running behind trying to get to your next ride. Our DFB reporters have your next ride. Our DFB reporters have your next ride. Our DFB reporters have put those Lightning Lane return windows put those Lightning Lane return windows put those Lightning Lane return windows to the test on multiple occasions when to the test on multiple occasions when to the test on multiple occasions when they've been running late just to see they've been running late just to see they've been running late just to see how long of a grace period you've how long of a grace period you've how long of a grace period you've actually got for these dudes. And thanks actually got for these dudes. And thanks actually got for these dudes. And thanks to science, we discovered that there is to science, we discovered that there is to science, we discovered that there is a 3-hour grace period where you can a 3-hour grace period where you can a 3-hour grace period where you can still scan into your Lightning lanes, still scan into your Lightning lanes, still scan into your Lightning lanes, even if it's past your scheduled return even if it's past your scheduled return even if it's past your scheduled return time. Now, don't gamble on that or time. Now, don't gamble on that or time. Now, don't gamble on that or anything. Disney can change this window anything. Disney can change this window anything. Disney can change this window at any time, especially during a busier at any time, especially during a busier at any time, especially during a busier season. But it's worth checking to see season. But it's worth checking to see season. But it's worth checking to see if your Lightning Lane still works even if your Lightning Lane still works even if your Lightning Lane still works even if you arrive at the ride after if you arrive at the ride after if you arrive at the ride after scheduled time. Finding all the scheduled time. Finding all the scheduled time. Finding all the different show times for your Disney day different show times for your Disney day different show times for your Disney day can become a game of back and forth, can become a game of back and forth, can become a game of back and forth, especially if you're going to be park especially if you're going to be park especially if you're going to be park hopping and you want to know which hopping and you want to know which hopping and you want to know which Disney show times are going on when and Disney show times are going on when and Disney show times are going on when and where and at what time. But you don't where and at what time. But you don't where and at what time. But you don't have to keep searching for each have to keep searching for each have to keep searching for each individual show on your My Disney individual show on your My Disney individual show on your My Disney Experience app, okay? You can just find Experience app, okay? You can just find Experience app, okay? You can just find a whole list of them in one easy search. a whole list of them in one easy search. a whole list of them in one easy search. When you first open your My Disney When you first open your My Disney When you first open your My Disney Experience app, scroll down just a Experience app, scroll down just a Experience app, scroll down just a little bit till you see the park hours little bit till you see the park hours little bit till you see the park hours section. Right under the listed park section. Right under the listed park section. Right under the listed park hours, you'll see a button that says hours, you'll see a button that says hours, you'll see a button that says today's showtimes. Just tap there and today's showtimes. Just tap there and today's showtimes. Just tap there and find the full show details about what's find the full show details about what's find the full show details about what's happening today in Disney World, happening today in Disney World, happening today in Disney World, including a list of nighttime including a list of nighttime including a list of nighttime entertainment options and their entertainment options and their entertainment options and their respective time frames. This list will respective time frames. This list will respective time frames. This list will also have information about the parades also have information about the parades also have information about the parades and cavalcades happening throughout the and cavalcades happening throughout the and cavalcades happening throughout the parks and what's going to be temporarily parks and what's going to be temporarily parks and what's going to be temporarily closed for refurbishments during your closed for refurbishments during your closed for refurbishments during your visit. An oldie but a goodie tip here visit. An oldie but a goodie tip here visit. An oldie but a goodie tip here straight out of the DFB vault. If you straight out of the DFB vault. If you straight out of the DFB vault. If you want to eat at a character dining want to eat at a character dining want to eat at a character dining experience for less money and said experience for less money and said experience for less money and said character dining experience is available character dining experience is available character dining experience is available to book for breakfast, lunch, and or to book for breakfast, lunch, and or to book for breakfast, lunch, and or dinner, choose the breakfast time slot dinner, choose the breakfast time slot dinner, choose the breakfast time slot for your cheapest dining option. Now, for your cheapest dining option. Now, for your cheapest dining option. Now, that breakfast buffet/familystyle that breakfast buffet/familystyle that breakfast buffet/familystyle spread might be eggs, bacon, sausage, spread might be eggs, bacon, sausage, spread might be eggs, bacon, sausage, and other morning munchies. But if and other morning munchies. But if and other morning munchies. But if you're mainly there for the characters you're mainly there for the characters you're mainly there for the characters anyways, and you like dining on all you anyways, and you like dining on all you anyways, and you like dining on all you care to enjoy breakfast food, who care to enjoy breakfast food, who care to enjoy breakfast food, who doesn't like that? You can often save doesn't like that? You can often save doesn't like that? You can often save $10 to $20 per person just by booking a $10 to $20 per person just by booking a $10 to $20 per person just by booking a breakfast reservation instead of a lunch breakfast reservation instead of a lunch breakfast reservation instead of a lunch or dinner one. The first day, first or dinner one. The first day, first or dinner one. The first day, first weekend of a new Epcot festival is weekend of a new Epcot festival is weekend of a new Epcot festival is something that I have a lovehate something that I have a lovehate something that I have a lovehate relationship with. On the first hand, relationship with. On the first hand, relationship with. On the first hand, it's exciting. There's new food, new it's exciting. There's new food, new it's exciting. There's new food, new talent, and returning popular favorite talent, and returning popular favorite talent, and returning popular favorite attractions you've really missed seeing, attractions you've really missed seeing, attractions you've really missed seeing, and everyone in general is just so hyped and everyone in general is just so hyped and everyone in general is just so hyped to get the party started. But on the to get the party started. But on the to get the party started. But on the other hand, the first day and weekend of other hand, the first day and weekend of other hand, the first day and weekend of a new fest tends to be the busiest a new fest tends to be the busiest a new fest tends to be the busiest you're going to see. And that means long you're going to see. And that means long you're going to see. And that means long lines for food booths, as well as a lines for food booths, as well as a lines for food booths, as well as a higher chance of having to use a trash higher chance of having to use a trash higher chance of having to use a trash can as a tabletop since the outdoor can as a tabletop since the outdoor can as a tabletop since the outdoor tables tend to get swarmed. If you're tables tend to get swarmed. If you're tables tend to get swarmed. If you're wanting to check out a certain Epcot wanting to check out a certain Epcot wanting to check out a certain Epcot festival in 2026, minus the real serious festival in 2026, minus the real serious festival in 2026, minus the real serious crowds, your best bet is checking things crowds, your best bet is checking things crowds, your best bet is checking things out during the middle of the festival out during the middle of the festival out during the middle of the festival when the hype sort of died down for it when the hype sort of died down for it when the hype sort of died down for it amongst the local crowd and people who amongst the local crowd and people who amongst the local crowd and people who procrastinated aren't rushing to get procrastinated aren't rushing to get procrastinated aren't rushing to get there the last couple of weekends. I'd there the last couple of weekends. I'd there the last couple of weekends. I'd also recommend going in the middle of also recommend going in the middle of also recommend going in the middle of the week instead of on a weekend since the week instead of on a weekend since the week instead of on a weekend since weekends also attract the local crowd, weekends also attract the local crowd, weekends also attract the local crowd, but the weekdays tend to be less crowded but the weekdays tend to be less crowded but the weekdays tend to be less crowded and people have to go back to work. and people have to go back to work. and people have to go back to work. Wasting money on food, drinks, and Wasting money on food, drinks, and Wasting money on food, drinks, and appetizers is so last year. That's why appetizers is so last year. That's why appetizers is so last year. That's why we're using these new dining trends to we're using these new dining trends to we're using these new dining trends to save our hard-earned dollars while save our hard-earned dollars while save our hard-earned dollars while eating and sipping around the Disney eating and sipping around the Disney eating and sipping around the Disney scene. Trend number one, mocktails over scene. Trend number one, mocktails over scene. Trend number one, mocktails over cocktails. If there are cocktails on the cocktails. If there are cocktails on the cocktails. If there are cocktails on the menu, there are bound to be much cheaper menu, there are bound to be much cheaper menu, there are bound to be much cheaper mocktails, too. Disney's mocktails give mocktails, too. Disney's mocktails give mocktails, too. Disney's mocktails give everyone the chance to try fun specialty everyone the chance to try fun specialty everyone the chance to try fun specialty drinks, not just those who are drinks, not just those who are drinks, not just those who are interested in the spiked stuff. And best interested in the spiked stuff. And best interested in the spiked stuff. And best of all, mocktails are half the price, if of all, mocktails are half the price, if of all, mocktails are half the price, if not less than all that boozy stuff not less than all that boozy stuff not less than all that boozy stuff around property. If you're at a bar or around property. If you're at a bar or around property. If you're at a bar or lounge that makes handcrafted cocktails lounge that makes handcrafted cocktails lounge that makes handcrafted cocktails versus the pre-made ones, see if you can versus the pre-made ones, see if you can versus the pre-made ones, see if you can order one of the alcoholic beverages order one of the alcoholic beverages order one of the alcoholic beverages minus the alcohol. Lots of times the minus the alcohol. Lots of times the minus the alcohol. Lots of times the bartenders will be more than happy to bartenders will be more than happy to bartenders will be more than happy to cater around that request, and they'll cater around that request, and they'll cater around that request, and they'll still charge you less for the drink. still charge you less for the drink. still charge you less for the drink. Trend number two, meal prepping. If you Trend number two, meal prepping. If you Trend number two, meal prepping. If you don't want to pay Disney's restaurants don't want to pay Disney's restaurants don't want to pay Disney's restaurants for every single one of your meals, do a for every single one of your meals, do a for every single one of your meals, do a little meal prepping before your trip little meal prepping before your trip little meal prepping before your trip kicks off. For some of your park days, kicks off. For some of your park days, kicks off. For some of your park days, plan to load up on some cheaper, easy to plan to load up on some cheaper, easy to plan to load up on some cheaper, easy to pack, yet still substantial foods that pack, yet still substantial foods that pack, yet still substantial foods that you can pick up from the grocery store you can pick up from the grocery store you can pick up from the grocery store beforehand. You can also have grocery beforehand. You can also have grocery beforehand. You can also have grocery delivery services like Amazon Fresh delivery services like Amazon Fresh delivery services like Amazon Fresh deliver these items to your hotel's Bell deliver these items to your hotel's Bell deliver these items to your hotel's Bell Services desk at the start of your Services desk at the start of your Services desk at the start of your vacation. If you don't have the time or vacation. If you don't have the time or vacation. If you don't have the time or space to meal prep in advance, quote space to meal prep in advance, quote space to meal prep in advance, quote unquote, just make sure the foods you do unquote, just make sure the foods you do unquote, just make sure the foods you do pack follow Disney's guidelines, meaning pack follow Disney's guidelines, meaning pack follow Disney's guidelines, meaning you don't have to keep them frozen. You you don't have to keep them frozen. You you don't have to keep them frozen. You don't need to reheat them. They don't don't need to reheat them. They don't don't need to reheat them. They don't have too strong of a smell. Yep, that's have too strong of a smell. Yep, that's have too strong of a smell. Yep, that's really a rule. and they're not being really a rule. and they're not being really a rule. and they're not being kept in glass containers. Trend number kept in glass containers. Trend number kept in glass containers. Trend number three, happy hour. Disney Springs is a three, happy hour. Disney Springs is a three, happy hour. Disney Springs is a happy hour paradise, and we talk about happy hour paradise, and we talk about happy hour paradise, and we talk about that extensively in our DFB guide to that extensively in our DFB guide to that extensively in our DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining, which you can Walt Disney World dining, which you can Walt Disney World dining, which you can find over at dfbstore.com. find over at dfbstore.com. find over at dfbstore.com. But just to give you a quick recap of But just to give you a quick recap of But just to give you a quick recap of what Happy Hour is all about on the what Happy Hour is all about on the what Happy Hour is all about on the Disney Springs Scene, select restaurants Disney Springs Scene, select restaurants Disney Springs Scene, select restaurants and bars around this shopping district and bars around this shopping district and bars around this shopping district offer up super sweet discounts on select offer up super sweet discounts on select offer up super sweet discounts on select drinks and appetizers during certain drinks and appetizers during certain drinks and appetizers during certain times of the day, all throughout the times of the day, all throughout the times of the day, all throughout the week. Some of our favorite spots to find week. Some of our favorite spots to find week. Some of our favorite spots to find a happy hour deal include House of a happy hour deal include House of a happy hour deal include House of Blues, Haleo, Summerhouse on the Lake, Blues, Haleo, Summerhouse on the Lake, Blues, Haleo, Summerhouse on the Lake, The Edison, STK Orlando, Raglin Road, The Edison, STK Orlando, Raglin Road, The Edison, STK Orlando, Raglin Road, and tons of others. But if you want to and tons of others. But if you want to and tons of others. But if you want to find the full list of Disney Springs find the full list of Disney Springs find the full list of Disney Springs restaurants with happy hour offerings, restaurants with happy hour offerings, restaurants with happy hour offerings, as well as what you can expect to find as well as what you can expect to find as well as what you can expect to find from set happy hours, check out the from set happy hours, check out the from set happy hours, check out the Disney Springs section of our DFB guide, Disney Springs section of our DFB guide, Disney Springs section of our DFB guide, as well as our saving money chapter in as well as our saving money chapter in as well as our saving money chapter in the 101 section. And speaking of saving the 101 section. And speaking of saving the 101 section. And speaking of saving money, don't forget to type in code money, don't forget to type in code money, don't forget to type in code YouTube before you check out to YouTube before you check out to YouTube before you check out to kickstart your Disney savings and get kickstart your Disney savings and get kickstart your Disney savings and get the full DFB guide for the best possible the full DFB guide for the best possible the full DFB guide for the best possible price point. Yep, we're back to talking price point. Yep, we're back to talking price point. Yep, we're back to talking about advanced dining reservations about advanced dining reservations about advanced dining reservations again, but now I've got a special hack again, but now I've got a special hack again, but now I've got a special hack you can use to help you secure select you can use to help you secure select you can use to help you secure select super popular restaurants even before super popular restaurants even before super popular restaurants even before that 60-day marker. Since most that 60-day marker. Since most that 60-day marker. Since most restaurants inside Disney Springs are restaurants inside Disney Springs are restaurants inside Disney Springs are not directly owned by Disney, but are not directly owned by Disney, but are not directly owned by Disney, but are owned by thirdparty companies, the owned by thirdparty companies, the owned by thirdparty companies, the Disney World website isn't the only Disney World website isn't the only Disney World website isn't the only place you can book dining reservations place you can book dining reservations place you can book dining reservations for these. You can also book dining for these. You can also book dining for these. You can also book dining reservations for Disney Springs reservations for Disney Springs reservations for Disney Springs restaurants, well, a lot of them anyway, restaurants, well, a lot of them anyway, restaurants, well, a lot of them anyway, at openttable.com. So, how early can you at openttable.com. So, how early can you at openttable.com. So, how early can you book? Well, it depends on the book? Well, it depends on the book? Well, it depends on the restaurant. For example, you might be restaurant. For example, you might be restaurant. For example, you might be able to reserve your table for WineBar able to reserve your table for WineBar able to reserve your table for WineBar George up to a year in advance. I don't George up to a year in advance. I don't George up to a year in advance. I don't think you'll need to worry about booking think you'll need to worry about booking think you'll need to worry about booking it that far in advance, but hey, you can it that far in advance, but hey, you can it that far in advance, but hey, you can if you want. Now, a ton more restaurants if you want. Now, a ton more restaurants if you want. Now, a ton more restaurants let you book between 60 days and 6 let you book between 60 days and 6 let you book between 60 days and 6 months out with potential options like months out with potential options like months out with potential options like Paddlefish, The Boat House, The Edison, Paddlefish, The Boat House, The Edison, Paddlefish, The Boat House, The Edison, and Morioto Asia. And the best part and Morioto Asia. And the best part and Morioto Asia. And the best part about Open, even if you're not finding about Open, even if you're not finding about Open, even if you're not finding reservation availability on the My reservation availability on the My reservation availability on the My Disney Experience website, that doesn't Disney Experience website, that doesn't Disney Experience website, that doesn't mean you won't still find it on Open. mean you won't still find it on Open. mean you won't still find it on Open. So, always check both websites just to So, always check both websites just to So, always check both websites just to increase your chances of getting those increase your chances of getting those increase your chances of getting those reservations secured. This is especially reservations secured. This is especially reservations secured. This is especially true of Cake Bake Shop over on the true of Cake Bake Shop over on the true of Cake Bake Shop over on the boardwalk. They almost exclusively use boardwalk. They almost exclusively use boardwalk. They almost exclusively use Open Table reservations. So, if you Open Table reservations. So, if you Open Table reservations. So, if you can't get a resi through the Disney can't get a resi through the Disney can't get a resi through the Disney World website, head over to Open Table World website, head over to Open Table World website, head over to Open Table for them especially. for them especially. for them especially. Okay, I see it now. Your next Disney Okay, I see it now. Your next Disney Okay, I see it now. Your next Disney World vacation is going to be sweet. The World vacation is going to be sweet. The World vacation is going to be sweet. The next thing you need to know to keep next thing you need to know to keep next thing you need to know to keep outsmarting Disney before 2026, keep the outsmarting Disney before 2026, keep the outsmarting Disney before 2026, keep the planning momentum going with another DFP planning momentum going with another DFP planning momentum going with another DFP video. may interest you in the best video. may interest you in the best video. may interest you in the best Disney World hotels in 2026 and which to Disney World hotels in 2026 and which to Disney World hotels in 2026 and which to avoid. Or maybe you'd prefer the top avoid. Or maybe you'd prefer the top avoid. Or maybe you'd prefer the top restaurants in Disney World for 2026. restaurants in Disney World for 2026. restaurants in Disney World for 2026. That's a good one, Bria. And I fought a That's a good one, Bria. And I fought a That's a good one, Bria. And I fought a lot over that one. Either way, don't lot over that one. Either way, don't lot over that one. Either way, don't forget to grab that free free maximizing forget to grab that free free maximizing forget to grab that free free maximizing zero lightning lanes guide right now zero lightning lanes guide right now zero lightning lanes guide right now over at disneyfoodblog.com/multipass. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks Thanks for listening everyone and thanks Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for for watching. As always, this is AJ for for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog, and we'll see you real Disney Food Blog, and we'll see you real Disney Food Blog, and we'll see you real soon.
