---
video_id: RVu3lT2EQ1E
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Answering ALL Your Questions About EPCOT"
published: 2026-02-11
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVu3lT2EQ1E
---
From the 101 stuff to some incredibly spicy truths, we're answering all your questions about Epcot to help you plan your trip before you go to Disney World. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. Now, I love making videos about Epcot in general, but this video has been especially fun just because it's given the team and me an excuse to really put our brains together and dig deep to come up with the best answers for those otherwise challenging Disney World questions. Ready to dig deep with us? Let's get into it. Okay, starting out strong here. Is Epcot the adult Disney park? I wouldn't call this a straightup misconception. It definitely has more adult focused offerings than other Disney World parks. Between drinking and shopping around World Showcase, watching your favorite artists in concert on the America Gardens Theater stage, trying several innovative foods during the festivals and booking a high-end dining experience at Miss Paul in the France Pavilion or Tacumit in Japan, or enjoying cocktails in the adults only GO82 lounge. I'd definitely recommend this park for adults only getaways. I'd also recommend it if you've got someone in your group who's bound and determined that Disney World is just for kids because Epcot is going to change their mind. That being said, Epcot is definitely not a park that's strictly for adults. In fact, this could still become your kid's favorite of the four. It was definitely mine when I was a kid. During your Epcot day, your kids will not only be able to ride attractions themed around their favorite characters, but they can also, you know, take part in the free Kidcott fun stops located in each pavilion over there in World Showcase. Check out the twotory seabase aquarium located at the exit of the seas with Nemo and friends. Join the highly immersive and free Ducktales World Showcase adventure via the Play Disney Parks app and explore the self-guided journey of water inspired by Moana walkthrough. And there's a ton more for kids to do in Epcot, and you're going to learn all about it during today's video, so stay tuned. Okay, construction question. Magic Kingdom, Hollywood Studios, Animal Kingdom, all going through some major facelifts right now. But Epcot kind of already dealt with its whole Walcott era and wrapped it up back in 2024. So, if you're looking to go to a Disney World park this year, minus all the construction walls, Epcot could be your best bet. [music] Now, depending on when you watch this video, the only major construction at the moment that you might need to worry about is the Frozen Ever After closure. Disney's replacing the old projected face animatronics featured throughout the ride with new animatronic technology that's going to make the ride look 10 times better. This switchover shouldn't take too terribly long, and Epcot's expecting to reopen the ride in February. So hopefully, if you're traveling that direction soon, Anna and Elsa will be ready to show off their brand new look. Oh, one more thing. Coming this Memorial Day, Saurin Around the World, housed inside the Land Pavilion, is going to be taking a back seat as Saurin across America takes over for a temporary run. This new version of Saurin is being created to commemorate America's 250th anniversary. So, if you're visiting just before Memorial Day weekend, the ride could be closed for a little bit while Disney works to switch things over, but it shouldn't be that epic, right? It's just like a movie. I don't think it'll take that long for them to switch it over, but we'll keep you updated. If you really want to do everything in Epcot, then yeah, two days would probably give you the time to cover at least nearly everything. You can dedicate one day to seeing the rides and shows, and then you can use the second day to take your time around the World Showcase Pavilions, as well as experience the current festival if a festival is taking place when you're there. That being said, you can certainly get a lot accomplished in Epcot in just one day. Each World Showcase Pavilion isn't massive. So, even though there are 11 of them, most may take 20 to 30 minutes [music] to explore, if not less time than that. That, of course, isn't factoring in any big meals you might have at one of these pavilions, nor does it factor in the popular rides housed in Norway and France, which are Frozen Ever After and Remy's Ratatouille Adventure. And while some Epcot rides will rack up longer weights, lots of Epcot's rides are actually walk-on experiences most of the time. The rides in Epcot with little to no weight on an average crowd day include Grand Fiesta Tour in Mexico, Journey into Imagination with Figment and Spaceship Earth, my favorite in World Celebration, and The Seas with Nemo and Friends, as well as Living with the Land, my other favorite in World Nature. Mission Space has made quite a name for itself. And for some, this NASA style simulator is a whole lot of fun. But there is a reason there are two versions of this ride. While the green mission will take you on a gentle, family-friendly assignment, the orange mission feels like you've crawled inside your front load dryer and set it to high. I'm going to say this loud and clear. If you get motion sickness of any kind, don't ride the Orange Mission on Mission Space. This ride is not for the faint of heart or stomach, and it is arguably the most intense ride, not just in Epcot, but in Disney World, period. They even provide sick bags on the ride. That's how often people get off and have to toss their cookies immediately after. We often refer to the world discovery area that holds Cosmic Rewind and Mission Space as Barf Alley around here because they're both spinning space rides right next to each other. And if you knock them both out, one immediately right after the other, good luck, soldier. Your stomach's going to need it. If you do decide to brave the orange mission because the idea of an intense spinning ride that swirls your head way worse than a couple of tequila shots will, then have at it, you brave, brave soul. Just remember to keep your head completely back and keep facing forward to prevent getting disoriented. Lightning lanes can be a good idea, but you don't necessarily need them if you don't want them in Epcot. But before I get ahead of myself, lightning lanes are a part of Disney's premium skip the ride line service, which you can use to help you cut down on your weight times for Disney rides by over half the time they normally take to board. You can learn all about the Lightning Lane ropes through our free Lightning Lane guide by scanning the QR code you see on the screen right now or clicking on the link in the video's description for Disneyfoodblog.com/multipass after this. But for now, here are my honest thoughts about purchasing Lightning Lanes in Epcot. With a multipass purchase, you'll receive access to most all of Epcot's Lightning Lanes, though you will only be able to hold up to three Lightning Lane selections at a time. If you're staying at a Disney owned resort during your trip, you can pre-select up to three Lightning lanes 7 days before your hotel check-in. And if you're staying at a non-D Disney hotel or an Airbnb or whatever, you can pre-seelelect those three Lightning lanes 3 days before your park visit instead of seven. Epcot's multiass lightning lanes are split up into two tiers. Tier one is the keeper of the more popular Lightning lanes like Frozen Ever After, Remy's Ratatouille Adventure, and Test Track. Tier two is the keeper of everything else. The rides I told you earlier about that don't really need a lightning lane. When you're making your pre-selections, you'll only be able to choose one lightning lane from tier 1. The rest have to be from tier 2. Now, this could still work in your favor cuz once you enter Epcot and scan in for your first lightning lane of the day, you'll be able to choose another lightning lane immediately after that. And you can choose whatever lightning lanes are available regardless of what tier it's in. meaning if the stars align for you, you could potentially collect lightning lanes for Frozen, Remy, and Test Track. But that's never a full-on guarantee. Not to mention, all the other Lightning lanes are only ever actually handy if you're visiting during a peak travel season. So, you've really got to weigh the pros and cons with the purchase before you commit. Now, I will say that the single pass for Cosmic Rewind can often be more useful than the multi pass for everything else, just cuz Cosmic Rewind tends to rack up the highest weights in the park [music] pretty regularly. A single pass purchase for Cosmic Rewind is the only way you'll get access to this coaster's Lightning Lane, and that will cost you per ride per person, which can be a little pricey for just one ride through, especially when the average price for a Cosmic Rewind single pass is between 14 and $23 per person. So again, weigh those pros and cons. Talk to your group. Decide if Lightning lanes are going to be the right fit for this particular park or if you want to save that money and use it in another park. Don't want to pay any Lightning Lane prices to conquer Epcot's most popular rides? I get that. So, let's figure out some free alternative methods to help cut down your weights instead. First and foremost, if you're going to be staying at a Disney owned hotel, then take advantage of those hotel perks, right? Early theme park entry available for all Disney hotel guests and it's going to give you a 30 minute head start on any day in any park. Meanwhile, deluxe resort guests can use the extended evening hours for select parks on certain evenings for up to 2 hours after the parks close for everybody else. You want to double check the park hours and events calendar on the Disney World website to do some soouththing and figure out if and when your extended evening hours will be at Epcot during your trip. Or you can download our free 12-month Disney World calendar where we've done all that research for you by scanning the QR code you see on the screen right now or heading to disneyfoodblog.com/wwc calendar after this. We got a lot of good info on that calendar. Another option, use single rider when you can. Both Test Track and Remy's Ratatouille Adventure have a third single rider queue that, yep, will break up your group, but it also often cuts down on your weight significantly, especially over there at Remy's, which can give your group more time to do things together. Anyway, great question. Epcot has a lot of unique quirks that the other Disney World parks could only dream of having. While Magic Kingdom, Animal Kingdom, and Hollywood Studios only have a front entrance to their parks, Epcot has a front and back entrance. The back one's called the International Gateway. International Gateway basically puts Epcot in the backyard of Boardwalk in Yach Club, Beach Club, the Swan and Dolphin. So, if you're staying at one of these deluxe resorts, you'll be within walking distance of Epcot all trip long. But hang on, you don't have to stay at a deluxe resort to use the International Gateway. If you're staying at one of the Skyliner resorts like the Value Art of Animation or Pop Century, the Moderate Caribbean Beach, or the Disney Vacation Club Riviera, the Epcot Skyliner Station will put you right at the international gateway. But what's the benefit? Well, International Gateway is going to spit you out between the UK and France pavilion in World Showcase, meaning you can be one of the first in line for Rey's Ratatouille Adventure right at the start of the day. Or, I don't know, maybe one of the first in line for Leall if that's more important to you, which I completely understand. But if Remy's is not a priority ride, and you'd rather use your early theme park entry perk on a ride like Guardians of the Galaxy, Cosmic Rewind, or Test Track, then you'll probably be better off using the front entrance, which is closer to those big attractions. Dude, one of my favorite places to use Disney dining plan credits is around Epcot because it's not nearly as tricky to get the best bang for your DDP credits here as it might be in other parks. But first, quick recap. Disney dining plan. This allows you to prepay for your meals around Disney World before your trip begins. There are two versions of this add-on. There's the cheaper quick service version that'll give you two quick service meal credits per day. Then there's the standard version that gives you one quick service credit and one sitdown table service credit per day. You'll also receive a daily snack credit plus a refillable resort mug for everyone in your group. Now, you don't really purchase the DDP to save money. Rather, you purchase it for convenience. That being said, if you plan out your meals and snacks the right way, you can definitely stretch your dollars big [music] time. Let's start with snack credits. These are especially important in Epcot. If there's a festival going on during your visit, lots of those food booth items can be purchased with a Disney dining plan snack credits. We're talking risotos, meat heavy dishes, pastas, cheesy breads, desserts with wild toppings that you've just got to post on your social media. As long as it's got the DDP symbol next to the item, that's that little purple square, it's free for you to use that snack credit on. Not only that, but you can use lots of your snack credits during a single Epcot visit to taste multiple things around the fest. While you are allotted one snack credit per day, you can spend those credits whenever you want to. So, if you'd rather use them all to taste your way around Epcot festivals, then so be it. If you're not going to be at Epcot during a festival, other snacks that'll help you get the most out of your snack credits include loaded funnel cakes from the funnel cake stand and the American Adventure Pavilion, fresh caramel corn from Caramel Cusha in Germany, and a bunch of other great treats from there, too. The pretzel nuggets with housemade beer cheese from Block and Hans, also in the American Adventure Pavilion. And there's tons more. Epcot is like a snack gold mine, and a lot of them are Disney dining plan credit eligible. When it comes to quick services like Cantina de Sanel in the Mexico pavilion is going to give you beautiful views of World Showcase Lagoon. Good portion sizes and tasty Mexican inspired dishes like street tacos and rice bowls. Connections ery in World Celebration has pretty decent variety and is great for picky eaters especially. There's also pretty hearty portion sizes here too and indoor seating. So hello air conditioning. And also remember if you're 21 and older, alcoholic beverages are included with the price of your meal credit. So, if you really want to stretch those dollars, you might want to look and see what specialty cocktails or beers or wines are on these menus, too. If you're looking for more variety, Sunshine Seasons inside World Nature in the Land Pavilion is kind of set up like a food court. So, if you got a family filled with all sorts of different pallet preferences, this can help you cater to everybody. And Regal Eagle Smokehouse, which is absolutely where I'm using all of my Disney dining plan quick service credits, is in the American Adventure Pavilion. It gives you lots of different types of barbecue from all over the country and a whole lot of it for the cost of a meal credit. It's really good barbecue. I love it. Okay, but what about table service credits? Well, if I had to use my table service credit somewhere, I'd probably use it for Aceruse Royal Banquet Hall in Norway Pavilion, but only during breakfast. Now, if you choose to eat here for lunch or dinner, that's going to cost you two table service credits. But during breakfast, you'll only have to use one and you'll still get all you care to enjoy skillets alongside meet and greets with your favorite Disney princesses. Or I'd use it for garden grill during lunch or dinner for those endless comfort food eats. This will not be the only time you hear me talk about garden grill today because I love it so much. But let's just say one table service credit. You can get family style all you care to enjoy harvest feast with items like cornbread and garden salad and fresh veggies and backyard grilled steak, rotisserie roasted turkey, mashed potatoes, mac and cheese, strawberry shortcake yum. Breakfast here is also solid and one of my faves. But because it's the cheaper dining option out of pocket, you'll be able to stretch your DDP credits more by choosing lunch or dinner. And did I mention there are tons of characters here and they come around a lot? Now, the best Epcot festival is definitely a matter of opinion, and it is controversial at that, but I can give you a brief description of each one that highlights the pros and cons so you can kind of figure out what your favorite might be. Starting with Festival of the Arts. This is the one we call FARTS. Festival of the Arts is one of the shorter Epcot festivals, taking place between mid January and midFebruary. So, it's not always the most convenient for families who got kids in school and who'd have to travel a good distance to check it out. That being said, the temperatures are fairly mild, if not downright chilly, during this festival's time frame, which can make it easier to enjoy all the toastier, heavier food booth items. And this festival is immersive and colorful and unique. It's honestly the most beautiful festival, I think. Between the chalk art, the paint by number mural, the art booths, the Broadway concert series, and now the Lorana quests that'll hopefully return in the future, this one just keeps getting better and better. Plus, the food is beautiful and delicious. Flower and Garden Festival happens between the beginning of March and runs to usually the beginning of June and it completely transforms the park with gorgeous floral displays and character topiaries. [music] Lots of great picture opportunities. However, please bring your allergy medicine because even if you didn't think you had allergies, you suddenly will at Epcot during the Flower and Garden Festival. But if you time your visit right during the peak of spring break season around mid-March, the crowds can be unbearable and things are starting to heat up a little bit in the park. So be sure [music] to keep that in mind in terms of finding the AC. The Food and Wine Festival usually starts around the end of August and wraps up before the Thanksgiving holiday. While this fest tends to offer up the most food booths, I will say I miss how food and wine operated before CO when there were a lot more culinary demonstrations and seminars to check out. That was really an awesome part of this festival. But crowd levels for this fest tend to be more reasonable throughout the week and it might make eating and drinking around the world more enjoyable. That said, it's going to be so hot. It is unbelievably hot this time of year in Disney World. So, be sure to be aware of that. Plan for that ahead of time. Plan lots of breaks in your day. lots of AC breaks, lots of cold drinks, and know that if there are really heavy foods or hot foods that you want to try, you might want to find somewhere indoors to eat those. And Festival of the Holidays is arguably the most involved festival. You've got holiday storytellers, you've got Christmas ride overlays, you've got cookie strolls, you've got the candlelight processional, you got figment in a Christmas sweater. Seriously, this fest could fill your whole day, but it can get really crowded, especially in the evening hours before Candlelight Processional begins. Oh, this is a great question. I understand your concern. Most of the time, shows that take place on the America Gardens Theater stage aren't going to be too difficult to snag a seat for. But when an Epcot festival brings in a big name or a big deal band or a celebrity, then that performance is going to draw the crowds big time. This is especially true when it comes to the candlelight processional that happens during Festival of the Holidays. Lions tend to start forming hours in advance for these performances. So, if a bigname show is also going to be a priority for you, then you may want to plan to get in line hours before one of these startup. I'm not even kidding, hours. I know, not what you were hoping to hear. But here's the alternative you might want to consider, and I can highly recommend this. Select Epcot restaurants offer up festival specific concert packages which not only give you a nice meal but also VIP guaranteed seating for one of the performances on the day of your visit. Whenever Candlelight Professional dining packages go live, they tend to book up almost immediately. So, if you want to make sure you've got a fighting chance, sign up for our free DFB newsletter and we're going to let you know exactly when the packages are going on sale for any of those dining packages around the big events in Epcot. I've heard people really rave about their Space 220 dining experience, but I think a big part of that excitement comes from the atmosphere of this place. It's definitely Epcot's most immersive restaurant, taking you up to the dining room via Stella, so you can dine 220 mi above Epcot with a view amongst the stars. But lunch and dinner at Space 220 are expensive. [music] Lunch is a prefix, two courses, dining experience that cost $55 per adult. And dinner is another prefix that costs $79 per adult. So, if Katy Perry taught us anything, it's that space travel is expensive. Oh, and also, you've never truly known love until you've gone to space. So, I think Space 220 is definitely worth seeing, but the food tends to be just okay for that price tag, which isn't really what you want to hear when you're paying that much for it. If you're going to invest in an Epcot meal, I'd be much more inclined to recommend other spots like Garden Grill or Lelier Steakhouse. More on both of those later. That being said, you might instead want to try booking reservations for the Space 220 lounge where you'll be able to purchase alle cart bites instead of a full-on multicourse meal that's going to cost your family like hundreds of dollars. Or you can go up to the host stand the day of your visit and see if there's any walk up seating available at the bar. That's a great deal. Then you can see the restaurant. You can experience this elevator. You can, you know, see all the stuff going on in space, but you don't have to pay insane amounts of money for food. That's so so why simply drink around the world when you can meet characters around the world, too. Yes, there are characters in Epcot. Most of the World Showcase Pavilions have characters that'll pop up during the day, which you can learn more about on the My Disney Experience app on the day of your visit, cuz it'll tell you exactly when you're going to see characters and who you're going to see. Now, the really cool part about these character sightings is that the characters featured at each one represent that specific pavilion's country, so that each character feels naturally incorporated into the locations. Here are a few examples for you. Donald Duck sports his three caviaros attire over in the Mexico pavilion. Anna and Elsa, of course, meet in the Norway pavilion. Mulan makes her rounds in the China pavilion. Snow White spends her time near the Germany wishing well. Jasmine meets with friends inside the Morocco pavilion. Belle often wanders through the France pavilion and Alice chills by the English Gardens in the UK pavilion. Oh, and Sleeping Beauty also is over there in France. Again, not an exhaustive list, so be sure to download the My Disney Experience app and see who's going to be available the next time you're in the parks. Outside of the World Showcase, you can, of course, meet the iconic Mickey and Minnie over at Communicor Hall in World Celebration. Sometimes a few of their other Fab Five friends might pop in for a meet and greet, too. Or if you're a Disney Visa card holder, you can get an exclusive meet and greet opportunity, often with Mickey and Minnie as well, plus complimentary photo pass photos of you with the characters here. You can find this rare meet and greet tucked away a little bit past Journey into Imagination with Figment. Now, speaking of Figment, you can meet Abcott's very own purple dragon mascot, good old Figgy himself, inside Image Works, which is located at the exit of the Journey into Imagination with Figment ride. Makes sense. Not much is worse than end of night crowds post happily ever after fireworks in Magic Kingdom. But that doesn't mean Epcot doesn't experience a mass exodus after the last luminous firework is shot off right after you experience any of Disney World's fireworks shows or park closures. Just brace yourself for long lines for the free transportation services. And I'm not just talking about buses. I'm talking about the Skyliner, too. It boggles my mind every night when I leave Epcot. And that Skyliner line is stretching all the way back to the Beach Club Resort. Even though the Skylliner Gondilas constantly run, expect a 20 to 30 minute wait before you're able to board one if you get in line right after the fireworks. The good news, that might still be a shorter wait than the other free end of the night transportation and you get to ride the Skylliner, which is unironically one of my favorite Disney World rides. Okay, I was hoping you would ask this question first. I'm going to start with what tends to be the highest Epcot restaurant recommendations, and then I'm going to move on to my personal list of favorites, just in case you want to make them your favorites, too. For breakfast, I already talked about Acer shoes, but I'll give it another shout out cuz this is going to be the cheapest way for you to check out a princess character dining experience on property. But if you're looking for a more affordable onthe-go breakfast and you're going to be entering the park through Epcot's international gateway, anyways, LeBluerie Petisserie offers up a variety of budget friendly breakfasty foods including pastries, breakfast sandwiches, kiche, and hot coffee beverages, too. And this is the France Pavilion, so they're doing a killer job of it. For lunch, Shiki Sai Sushi is Aakaya is one of Epcot's newer sitown restaurants located over in the Japan pavilion. This serves lots of different items like sushi, Japanese isakaya, which are smaller portioned foods meant to be shared amongst friends and family, kind of like Japanese tapas, a variety of grilled items, and lots of specialty drinks. Depending on what time of year you visit will determine what kind of decor you see around the restaurant, since Shiki Sai's whole personality is based around celebrating the different seasonal Japanese festivals. Now, remember Regal Eagle that I mentioned earlier that I'm spending all my Disney dining plan credits on? Yes, that is probably going to be where I'm going to be having lunch. No doubt. I absolutely love that place. And for dinner, you can really go all out with this one by booking a fireworks dining experience at Rose and Crown in the UK pavilion, Spice Road Table in the Morocco Pavilion, or GO82, which is the adults only lounge in World Celebration. While each of these spots handles those fireworks dining packages differently, they'll all give you meals and drinks and VIP views of the fireworks at the end of the night. Okay, it's my turn. Even though I just told you Regal Eagle is where I'm eating like everything. Here is AJ Wolf's perfect Epcot dining day. For breakfast, if I'm super hungry, I'll book Garden Grill for the family style breakfast spread, the rotating dining room setting, which shows you a unique vantage point of the Living with the Land ride, which is one of my absolute favorites. And for a lot of backto-back character interactions with Mickey, Pluto, Chip, and Dale. But if I'm in the mood for something lighter and way cheaper, then I'll head over to the Norway Pavilion and get that cinnamon roll with orange icing, or maybe a school bread, maybe a Viking coffee at Cringa Bakery Odd Cafe. For lunch, I'll keep things a little bit lighter. preparing for my bigger dinner tonight and go the progressive meal route. That means I'll probably taste test a few items from whatever festival's going on at the time. I'll grab some chips and queso and a handcrafted margarita from Lava Del Tequila inside the Mexico pavilion. Maybe I'll grab some poutine from Refreshment Port. I'll also probably go to Regal Eagle if I haven't already eaten there 12 times during my trip so far. Now, for a snack, I usually mobile order all of my favorites at Caramel Cusha and take them back to my hotel room to eat throughout my trip. I'm not even joking. I do it every time. And for dinner, I've of course got to book one of my favorite Disney restaurants, Lelier Steakhouse over in the Canada Pavilion for a juicy ribeye, probably an elevated plate of poutine, that classic Canadian cheddar cheese soup. I know, I get so [laughter] much food here. Anyway, we're only scratching the surface, though. There's so much more I want to tell you about Epcot dining and snacking. So, if you're ready to learn more, be sure to check out our DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining over on dfbstore.com. That way, you can read up in any and all Disney World restaurants, including our recommended dishes, the pros and cons of each dining establishment, hidden secrets, and more. And don't forget to type in code YouTube before you check out to save extra money on any of your guidebook purchases. Now, if [music] you figure yourself to be an Epcot pro, here are a few Easter eggs and hidden gems that who knows, maybe you didn't know about them before. Fun fact number one. The massive show building at the heart of the American Adventure Pavilion, which houses a show called The American Adventure, go figure, is actually five stories tall. But through the Magic of Force perspective, it's disguised to look like it's only three stories tall to keep from overwhelming guests, as well as other pavilions. Fun fact number two, inside the Morocco pavilion, you'll see hundreds of beautiful mosaics, but each of these mosaics has some sort of cracked or flawed tile featured. This isn't because these mosaics haven't been taken care of. Far from it. Originally, the Morocco pavilion's construction was overseen by the Moroccan government. And since, in Moroccan culture, it's believed that only Allah can create perfection. That's why the cracks in these tiles were purposefully added during this pavilion's creation. Fun fact number three. When you're traveling between the France and UK pavilions, you'll have to cross a bridge stretched out over the water. This bridge is meant to represent crossing the English Channel, which connects the two countries in real life. Okay, I love this question, but let me back up just a bit because before I can talk about Poor Beverly, I've got to talk about Club Cool inside World Celebration. Club Cool is where you can find and sample different sodas from all over the world. One of those sodas is the evil queen herself, Miss Beverly. Now, the Beverly is an Italian soda that's supposed to be consumed before eating to help aid digestion. But let's be real here. Drinking Beverly might steer you away from wanting to eat at all. This soda is real bitter. Bitter and bubbly. But here's the thing. I'm not going to tell you not to try it, and that's for three [music] reasons. One, it's a right of passage. You try the Beverly, and your Epcot initiation is complete. Two, it's free. All the soda samples in Club Cool are, so you're literally not going to lose anything if you hate it. And three, some people really do love this drink and the bitter qualities that it possesses, so you might just wind up loving it. I am not one of those people, but don't let me speak for you. But while you're here, make sure to try those other less controversial flavors, too, like the Bon Bon glaze from Madagascar, the Minute Made Joy Appalite from Korea, and the cucumber Sprite from Russia. Don't be shy. Now, if you've got more questions about Epcot that we didn't get the chance to answer today, let us know in the comments, and we'll add those to future videos. And be sure to check out some of our other Epcot videos on our channel right now, like our ranking every country in Epcot video. I love that one, and it's really popular, too. So, that's great. Also, if you're ready to learn more about Disney World's Lightning Lane add-ons, don't forget to download our free guide for maximizing Lightning Lanes right now over at disneyfoodblog.com/multipass. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. I love doing these videos. As always, this is AJ for Disney Foodblog and we'll see you real soon.
