---
video_id: NWz07YXXEq4
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Disney World's Unwritten Rules"
published: 2026-02-16
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NWz07YXXEq4
---
You think you're the only one? Not by a long shot. Today, we're revealing some of Disney World's unwritten rules that we all follow. And it's kind of hilarious how relatable this is. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Vlog. There are official Disney rules and then there are the unwritten rules that guests tend to follow without even realizing it. Some of these seem obvious and others are pretty niche. Some are just downright respectful, which we love. So, while these rules have been unwritten before, we are writing and speaking them to you so that you realize you've never had an original experience in your life and that really we're all the same. You'll learn a thing or two about how to handle the parks and make them a way better experience for you and your group. Okay, number one is one that I do all the time, and that is freak out for no reason over the rope drop crowds like every time. Okay, this literally spikes my anxiety every single time I'm in Disney World. And I know I'm not the only one. When you get to a park for rope drop and the gates haven't opened yet, it looks like literally everyone in the state of Florida is there and about to flood the parks and you're never going to get to ride anything because of the literal sea of humanity that is about to take over. Now, your head is going to tell you to calm down. Those rope drop crowds are nothing to worry about. But your heart is going to scream at you like, "Oh my gosh, look at all those people. You're too late and your day is ruined." So, it's easy to get completely overwhelmed by Disney crowds right from the get-go. But believe me when I say all those crowds gathering at the front of the park before rope drop is not as bad as you think it is. These crowds will be absorbed by the sheer size of these parks just as soon as the front gates [music] open. And that means you can still keep your head on straight, make a beline for your top priority ride of the day. Even if you're using early theme park entry and you head straight back to say Rise of the Resistance in Hollywood Studios, you'll still come face to face with what appears to be a forever long queue once you reach the ride. But once again, don't panic. Cast members are just now opening the entirety of the queue. So once they do that, not everyone's going to be crunched up at the front entrance anymore. Trust me, you're going to have a whole lot of other opportunities to be overwhelmed by the crowds during the day. Only partially kidding. So, don't waste your panic early in the morning when there's a game plan you need to stick to. Yeah, this happens all the time. Everybody's super annoyed that they didn't realize the second parade or the second showing of the fireworks or the second show or whatever was going to have significantly [music] fewer people. [laughter] Let's put it this way. Let's say that you paid extra for Magic Kingdom's not so scary Halloween party, right? You see that the exclusive Bootyu parade is happening twice that night. So, you stake out a spot 45 minutes before the first run through to guarantee a great view. But later on during the party, you just so happen to walk by where the parade is having its second goound, and basically nobody's watching it. And you probably could have just walked up at the last minute and have seen it just fine with the castle in the background, super good photo ops, etc. Rarely have I ever come across a second parade showing that has more people than the first showing. I'm not going to say it's never happened, but nine times out of 10, people like to see the first parade. So, if you're patient enough to wait for the second parade, you'll be dually rewarded with way fewer crowds, way less waiting, and really good show visibility. Don't think of it as a trick. Think of it as a friendly, harmless, silly initiation that your friends and family may or may not forgive you for. Over at Club Cool inside Apot, you can sample a variety of international soda flavors for free, which is awesome. Sticky floor and all. And many of those sodas taste really good, but the Beverly soda has made a name for herself. Beverly is a soda from Italy with an extremely bitter aftertaste. It's all truly an eccentric bonding experience. So, if you're brave enough, give Beverly a try. Though, I'm going to be real with y'all. I think I'd choose Beverly over China's sour plum drink that's also available to sample here. Why does it taste like barbecue sauce? Okay, here's an unwritten rule about another unsavory drink flavor. For the most part, Disney's free water isn't always going to hit you with that infamous Flidian swamp aftertaste. If you can get it from a soda machine or at a sit-down restaurant or usually at one of the water bottle refill stations, you should be good to go. It should be filtered. You're all set. But if you're filling up a cup of water at one of those old school water fountains or one of the older water bottle refill stations or back in your hotel room by a bathroom sink, get ready for like a little bit of unsavory swampy vibe to your water. Anyway, don't worry. The water's completely safe to drink, but I know that doesn't make it taste any better. So, in moments like these, it's best to have some water flavor packets on hand to help out the swampiness. And bonus points if those packets have extra electrolytes to keep you hydrated. Are you a wizard? Not every coaster ride is going to have a pouch in front of you that can easily fit your stuff to the brim loungefly bag. So, what do you do with your bag if there's no cubbies or lockers to turn to as a plan B? Easy. Sit down, put the bag straps around your knees, and presto. It's suddenly safe, right? Because of science or something like that. But can I tell you a big secret? You really don't need to do the bag trick on every ride. Your bag's going to be safe down at your feet whether you loop the straps around your knees or not. But if it all still feels a little precarious to you, that's okay. Go ahead and do the bag trick for a little extra security and peace of mind. Never hurts to air on the side of caution after all. Oh, and by the way, after you take off hats and glasses, Mickey ears, or some other loose item before your coaster train takes off, don't simply put them in your pants pockets. Put them in those zipped bags at your feet, too, because those won't be safe if you leave them be. I have lost one too many pairs of sunglasses to the likes of an open pocket and roller coaster launch. So, may all of those pop shelf sunglasses rest in pieces. So, in the past, we've talked about Disney World attractions that get a little too personal when it comes to booming sounds or bursts of air in your face or anything that makes the experience like jarring for some reason, right? These are fun attractions, absolutely, but they can also be a lot for the people who tend to jump out of their skin whenever a can of biscuits pops open after a good whack against the kitchen counter. Like me, I've witnessed my fair share of crying kids after Figment's imagination is a blast. grand finale. In fact, I was one of those kids when I was a kid. And now that Disney's been adding new attractions to the Disney World lineup, we've got a few new super sensor moments we want to warn you about beforehand, just so you and your kids are prepared. For example, Beacon Barrel in Magic Kingdom. Much like Rainforest Cafe in Disney Springs and Animal Kingdom and Beer Guest Restaurant in Magic Kingdom, Beacon Barrel's got these effects that go off through the restaurant every so often. One of them emulates a storm, which means lots of booming thunder and flashing lightning. And the other is an unseen horde of sirens singing out to lure pirate crews into their watery graves. It's a cool immersive part of the lounge experience, but it does make this already loud lounge a whole lot louder. So, just stay on your toes. At Zootopia, better you gather in Animal Kingdom. [music] They might have replaced the super sensor nightmare that was It's tough to be a bug, but that doesn't mean this 4D show got rid of all those interactive [music] elements. Some of them are a whole lot more prominent now. You've got bursting air. You've got water sprayers. You got flashing lights and smoke effects. And yes, you've still got that butt roller effect that happens underneath your hind quarters during the show. Some people say it's not nearly as bad, but I still hate it when that happens. But there's no more stingers in the seats or bugs that drop down from the ceiling like there were before. And I must say, the last time I watched this new show, there was a whole lot more laughter from the audience than there were screams of terror. So, I think that's a win for all the parents out there. Okay, I'm going to have my script writer, Bria, jump in for this one since she's been trying out all those good neighbor off-propy hotels lately that partner with Disney since they're nearby but aren't owned by Disney, giving you potentially a cheaper place to stay, but got a hotel transportation thing she needs [music] to warn you about. Howdy, friends. Yes, my husband and I have been vagabonding around Disney's partnering hotels lately. And what I can tell you with all confidence [music] is this. I will never ever ever fully rely on off-propy [music] hotel transportation to take me to and from the Disney World parks. While it's nice to know that off-propy hotels might offer complimentary transportation over to Disney, that transportation [music] is going to be a whole lot more limited than what the Disney-owned hotels can offer you all day long. The [music] shuttle schedule for the last non-D Disney hotel I stayed at had no shuttles for Animal Kingdom, had no return shuttles from Magic Kingdom, had a super late departing time for Hollywood Studios at 11:40 a.m. and also had really early return times for Hollywood Studios, too. Like, there was one for 4:15 p.m. [music] and then another one for 7:50 p.m. It was weird. The shuttle schedule also mentioned that shuttle services were not available for Disney special events, such as holiday parties and after hours events. It's a good thing Ethan and I were planning on taking our own car around Disney World anyways, so we could [music] rely on our own schedules instead of the hotels. If you don't have the ability to drive your own set of wheels around for your Disney vacation, this is probably a good time to look into a car rental or save for ride share services. Just keep in mind that if you're staying off property and taking your own car or car rental, you will have to pay a standard parking [music] price of $35 per day to park at Disney's theme parks, unless that is you're an annual passholder. Now, because the DFP team has been super busy researching so many of the Good Neighbor hotels lately, we've been able to create an ultimate free guide showing you the different [music] hotel perks across all the different Disney specific resorts as compared to those partnering non-D Disney hotels that might be more budget friendly for you. So, if you want to check out all those different perks before you lock into your next hotel stay, which I will tell you, this is very impressive and very useful, go ahead and scan the QR code you see on the screen now or click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/good neighbor after this. It happens to me every single trip. I go down to the Disney bubble and I think, "Okay, AJ, on day three, we're going to take a break away from the parks and sleep in and chill to recuperate." And then when day three of my trip actually comes around, I find myself still pushing 20,000 steps a day by the end of my break day. Regardless, just hopping between all my favorite Disney spring stops. [music] I mean, I've got to go to the Disney Days of Christmas to pick out a new ornament. And Gideon's Bake House has their latest seasonal cookie available, so I got to get that. The Coca-Cola store, I've already been there twice to satisfy my inner soda goblin. What? You want me to pedal this stationary bike at the art corner to create my own splatter art piece? Well, sign me up. Disney Springs is far from being just a normal tourist trap strip mall. It's got restaurants, really good ones. It's got shop. It's got tethered hot air balloon rides. It's got acrobatic stage shows. And best of all, a trip to Disney Springs doesn't ever have to be the same experience twice. [music] But even if you somehow in some way planned a duplicate Disney Springs [music] day, no worries. You still didn't have to pay for a theme park ticket for it. And there's a lot to do here. In all [music] seriousness, between the new Level 99 arcade opening this year, all the seasonal snacks, the dozens upon dozens of restaurants, exclusive holiday stuff, and the variety of live and often free entertainment going on inside the shopping district, it's impossible to have a cookie cutter experience here. So, yeah, even though your rest day or break day ended up being kind of, I don't know, full of stuff after all, it's maybe not the worst thing in the world. Disney Springs has lots of places to park, but if you're a creature of habit like I am, then you're probably really only going to recognize two. The Lime Garage and the Orange Garage. Lime is going to spit you out in Town Center near the Polite Pig. And the Orange Garage, depending on where you park, will either spit you out near AMC Theater or Splitsville Luxury Lanes. It's a win-win either way. Now, I don't know if you're fully team lime or team orange. Let me know in the comments. But I do know that no matter what garage you prefer, they both tend to be pretty chaotic when you try to park at them in the evenings or on the weekends. So, prepare for the potential of a little extra circling around the different parking garage levels and looking for the little green lights, which are basically beacons of hope and freed up parking spots. Or, you know, you could always pay for a ride share instead. Or you can go during a weekday in the morning for a whole lot fewer people to deal with. Your call. If you're still adamant about partying the evening away at Disney Springs on the weekend, but you don't want to deal with the hassle of the parking garages if you decide to drive yourself over, you can always choose to park at one of the less popular parking areas like the outdoor lots near the Drawn to Life Theater or that grapefruit garage that's sort of tucked behind the lime one, but you have to cross a bridge over a street to get to Disney Springs from there. And genuinely, I feel like it's probably in another county. It feels very far away. But no matter where you decide to park on the weekend, if you're parking and heading straight over to an advanced dining reservation in the Springs, give yourself an extra hour, not just of travel time, but literally to get from your car to the restaurant. Because don't forget, you have to go through security lines. You actually have to find a place to park and then you have to figure out, okay, what level am I on and where's the actual entrance to Disney Springs. Disney doesn't tell you to grab a spot for the fireworks and parades 30 to 45 minutes before they happen, but we do it anyways because we know just how crowded things are going to get if we wait until the last minute to find a place to stand. But no matter where you find a place to stand or how early you decided to show up to claim your spot, just remember there are thousands of other people who are excited to see those shows, too. So remember these little bits of etiquette that'll hopefully inspire other folks to do the same. First, don't block the views of others with iPads, kids on shoulders, or obnoxiously tall to surfers or Mickey hats. Just take off the ears. Two, if a kiddo is behind you while you're waiting for the parade to come by, let them get in front of you so they can see it, too. And three, listen to cast members and keep within that taped off perimeter that the CMS have created to keep everybody safe and keep things moving along. Okay, I don't know if I necessarily agree with this unwritten rule or not, but maybe it's flatout gospel for you. There's this debate amongst Disney World fans about the correct way to start your loop around the world showcase, especially if you're drinking around the world by starting in Mexico on the left or starting in Canada on the right. There's no official correct answer, though some may disagree. But here's what I will say. If you're going to be participating in drinking around the world, a fan-made activity where you try a drink in every single pavilion, Mexico can be a great place to start with Lava Del Tequila since this little bar can get quite packed by the afternoon and on until evening. But maybe like slamming down tequila shots right at 11:00 a.m. isn't your best idea ever. Sipping on a margarita, sure, fantastic. You know the old saying, liquor before beer and you're in the clear. But backtoback mezcow before lunch, maybe not the best idea. I don't know. It's up to you. Canada can be a good starting point simply because lots of folks tend to choose Mexico first, meaning you'll be in the path less traveled if you start over on the other side, which can also be less overwhelming. Or you can totally go rogue and choose a third option. Enter World Showcase through the back of the park and start in France. Ah, I knew you were a rebel. If you're not familiar with them, lightning lanes are what Disney refers to as their premium skip the ride line service, which you can learn more about by downloading our free guide called Maximizing Your Lightning Lanes over at disneyfoodblog.com/multipass after this. But this year, we've been putting it on everybody's radar that Animal Kingdom's Lightning Lanes aren't going to be nearly as useful as they've been in the past. And that's cuz you're only going to have a few rides to actually use Lightning Lanes on. RIP Dinosaur, we miss you in all of Dino Land USA already, but we are excited to see the new Tropical America's section PBLO Esperansza when it opens in 2027. But I want to slightly amend my statement from before. While a Lightning Lane purchase for Animal Kingdom is still going to be the least popular option amongst all four parks, it could come in handy if you're park hopping, so you'll be able to grab Lightning Lanes for Animal Kingdom and any other Disney World parks you're headed to that day. if you're visiting during a super hightraic time of year like a 3-day weekend, the peak of spring break or Thanksgiving week or Christmas week or New Year's Eve. And maybe if you've only got a short amount of time to be in the parks as is, and you want to save any and all time that you can, or your family literally has zero tolerance for waiting in lines. So, lightning lanes are just going to save your trip and relationships in general. Or maybe you want to splurge on an alle cart single pass lightning lane for Flight of Passage since that will be your longest wait time of the day. Anyways, nope. It's not a flatout requirement for you to wake up early every single day of your Disney World vacation. I promise you'll probably catch me hitting the snooze button a lot more often than not. I am not an early riser. But if you want access to the Disney World rides before everyone else gets in line for him, then waking up early is a great way to do it. For those who are staying in a Disney owned hotel, you're going to be able to take advantage of early theme park entry. That gives you an extra 30 minutes in any of the parks before they open for the day. But even if you're staying off property, don't believe for a second that arriving early is going to be a waste of your time. Still a great idea to get to the park before it opens cuz there's always the chance that cast members will open the park for everyone a few minutes early. Happens more often than you think. And that means you'll still have a leg up on those who decided to catch up on their Z's, like me, who's probably still pressing the snooze button for the 50th time. You know it's true. If given the choice, there's a good chance that you're going to choose the Skyliner, the Montreal, even a boat over the Disney buses. And that's not because the Disney buses are bad. They're great, and you'll probably be using them more than any other form of Disney transportation [music] anyways. They even have Wi-Fi, but they can be a lot. Sometimes their return times get pushed back or aren't available for you to check on whatsoever. Sometimes they're way too packed and you have to stand in order to actually fit on the bus. And sometimes you'll have to endure a whole internal shuttle loop around your resort to stop at every single bus stop before you finally get the rest of the way to your destination, which is a giant time suck. So, here's our grand DFB golden bus rule for everyone. We recommend that you budget at least an hour for transportation, no matter where you're traveling. That may seem excessive, but remember this isn't just about travel time. You also need to schedule in time to wait for the bus, load the bus, travel, unload, get through security, scan into the park, and finally walk inside the park to wherever you're going, which I don't know about you, but for me, the later I am, the farther away the thing is that I need to get to. And be especially careful with giving yourself plenty of time to get to dining reservations and Lightning Lane reservations on time. Since some rides or restaurants may be all the way at the far end of the park when compared to the park entrance. Just walking through the gate doesn't mean you're at the restaurant. You could have quite a trek in front of you. All right, you know you want to. The World Showcase can be a dangerous place if you've already got a souvenir money burning a hole in your pocket. And that danger gets even more significant when you find cute and zany and goofy trinkets that you have to bring home with you and make into a desk pet. Some of the trinkets our team has fallen victim to in purchasing include the Hoptimists from the Norway pavilion. I want one in every color. The lucky owls from Japan, the little incense burners from China, and the Albri from the Mexico pavilion. And by team, I mean that Bria just listed out all the Epcot trinkets that are currently sitting on her desk at this very moment. Now, be careful. You might have a souvenir budget in mind, but the World Showcase has a lot of opportunities for you to completely blow that budget because even the little trinkets add up after a while. Make sure to set a strict souvenir budget for yourself, maybe by using Disney gift cards [music] so that you can keep track of your spending instead of blindingly swiping your credit card in every pavilion. And don't blow your merch money before you get to Epcot, since this really is the park that's going to have the [music] most interesting and unique souvenir options that you won't find anywhere else, maybe not [music] even in the country. So, what unwritten rules need to be added to this list? I'll tell you what, Bria and I started with about 500 and we had to narrow it down to some that were the most relatable, I guess. But let us know in the comments. And why not take time to learn about some actual Disney World rules next, like we have featured in our Disney World rules you break without even knowing it [music] video. And don't forget to download our free Good Neighbor Hotels comparison guide if you haven't already over [music] at disneyfoodblog.com/good neighbor. That took our team like a bajillion years, but I think it's very, very useful. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog, and we'll see you real soon.
