---
video_id: XDmOTOkmVSE
channel: DFBGuide
title: "No One Escapes Disney World Security"
published: 2026-02-24
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XDmOTOkmVSE
---
When you're in Disney World, there is no escape from the continuous eyes of the mouse. But maybe it's better that way. Here's a behind-the-scenes look into how Disney World security is able to keep tabs on you all vacation long and why that's crucial information for your upcoming trip. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. Thousands upon thousands of guests enter the Disney World parks every single day. And yet, Disney still has their sights set on you. Yep, you. But I'm not here to just tell you that. I'm here to prove it. While also assuring you that you're going to be 110% grateful for the security spotlight when all is said and done. Outside of every single Disney World park, before you reach the front gate, Tap Styles, you'll encounter a security checkpoint. This checkpoint is made up of a dozen odd security cast members as well as a few walkthrough security detectors like you'd find at the airport. But thankfully, you don't have to take off your shoes for this one. Instead, you will probably benefit from taking things out of your park bag that might set security detectors off, like any large electronics like portable chargers and tablets, metal items including mint tins, cases for your sunglasses or glasses, umbrellas, or really just anything that you're questioning if it'll trigger security or not. I mean, if you got the hands to hold those items and walk them through the security checkpoint out of your bag, you might as well. So, what happens then if you accidentally leave one of these electronics or metal items in your bag, and it does trigger security? Well, you're not in trouble or anything. Owning an umbrella is not a federal offense yet, but you will be directed to enter a second line where you'll go through a more thorough bag check before you're clear to go. During this more thorough bag check, if a security member finds something in your bag you're not allowed to have, like glass containers, or outside alcohol, drug paraphernalia, selfie sticks, or something else that's banned from the parks, you're not going to get wheeled off to the brrig or anything, unless it's really bad, of course. But you will be asked to either dispose of the banned item or backtrack to your vehicle or hotel room to put it away before you're allowed to start your day. And that's a major time suck. So, just don't bring banned items. Maybe we have a whole video about what's banned, so you can just watch that and make sure you don't have that stuff. Now, if you're bringing a stroller or a wheelchair with you to the parks that day, those will not go through the same security detectors. Instead, you'll have to take them through a different line, which is usually just directly to the left or right of the regular security checkpoint, and you'll have it more thoroughly inspected by a security cast member. Kids in the strollers will still be required to get out and walk through the main security scanners before they can crawl back into their stroller again. But if you or someone in your group can't stand up from their wheelchair, don't stress. A security cast member will just use a handheld scanner instead. If you're going to the Disney Springs Shopping District, on one or several of your vacation days, you'll also be required to cross through a security checkpoint, too. In the Lime, Orange, and Grapefruit parking garages, you'll find security checkpoints on level two. For Watermelon, and Strawberry, you'll find security near the Circus Olay building. If you're riding over to Disney Springs on one of the resort water taxis, you'll go through a screening checkpoint shortly after you cross the boat dock. And if you take a ride share and have it drop you off over in the marketplace area, you'll find a security checkpoint near the dropoff loop. And new in 2025, those who ride a bus over to Disney Springs will also have to walk through a security checkpoint before entering into the town center area. Basically, if you want to explore Disney Springs, there's no way around these checkpoints. So, take out your little baggie umbrella and get ready. One last security checkpoint I want to mention before we move on. If you're staying or visiting one of the Montreal resorts, so Polynesian Village, Contemporary, Grand Fidian, you will have to go through a security checkpoint before you board the Montreal since the Montreal takes you right up to the Magic Kingdom front gates and past park security altogether. Now, real quick, I want to talk to you about something. If you need help packing or budgeting or scheduling and just all around planning out your Disney World vacation, go ahead and scan the QR code you see on the screen now or click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/discoplans and we'll send you our free ultimate Disney World planning worksheets. This is something that you'd usually have to pay for if you picked them up anywhere else, but we just appreciate you a whole lot and this is our way of saying thanks for being here. So, they're free and they are completely updated. We make sure that they're exactly what you need when you are planning this giant trip. For the record, no, Disney World is not trying to steal your identity or anything, but yes, they can track you while you're on property, at least to a certain degree. So, let's start by talking about the fingerprint scans, which you'll have to do every single time you want to enter into one of the parks. According to the Disney World website, the fingerprint scanner will take an image of your finger and turn it into a number for its system. Once that unique number is created, Disney will ditch the image of your fingerprint, but store the number and measurement. That way, when you visit the parks on different days or park hop, or if you need to leave the park and come back again, that numerical value is recalled when you scan your finger again to make sure it really is you coming and going with your ticket and not someone else who might have swiped it from you and it fell out of your back pocket while walking around. So, in short, the fingerprint scans are to prevent fraud. Nothing more, nothing less. And what about Magic Bands or our Magic Mobile devices? Again, Disney's not using these to stalk you, but instead of using Magic Bands or Magic Mobile to track down fraud, these devices actually help Disney track your vacation decisions to tailor what they should offer to you next. So, kind of stalking. It's like how cookies are used on the internet. The more you search for something, the more your phone or computer knows what to advertise to you. So, for example, if you just used a lightning lane for Tron around lunchtime, you might get a push notification letting you know that you can conveniently mobile order some food from cosmic rays nearby. Just to give you some greater peace of mind though, Magic Bands that are linked to your account can't physically track you. So, you don't have to worry about these dudes becoming an unwanted life 360. But when you use them at touch points, that information will get picked up so that Disney knows where to say send the photo pass pictures or unlock your hotel room door or grant you access to your next Lightning Lane queue. Disney also has RFID sensors and Bluetooth technology located around the parks that will trigger other location specific pop-ups. And that's why your Magic Band Plus will light up and vibrate when you're watching Happily Ever After in Magic Kingdom. or your My Disney Experience app will send you a push notification when you're in or near a parking lot reminding you about Disney's Find My Car. I know it's a lot to wrap your head around, but this is just the unyielding truth about being a human who uses technology during everyday life. And the good news about it is that while Disney definitely has money-driven ulterior motives, it's also relatively harmless. I guess I mean, if you can say that they're recommending things they think you'd like to buy and you'd want to know about. And more often than not, it probably makes sense. But if you want to cut down on the information that you share with Disney as much as possible, Disney suggests that you ultimately delete your Disney account when you no longer need access to those services. Magic Bands and Magic Mobile can't necessarily track down your whereabouts, but you know what can? Disney's many, many, many security cameras. Literally so many. Some security cameras are easier to spot, like the ones on the dark rides. Just look for the small red glowing circles, and that's where they're lurking. Some are more difficult to spot, like the ones that are peeking out from the windows of buildings. There's even security cameras around the turrets of Cinderella Castle, keeping watch over all of us. And some cameras are actually themed to blend in seamlessly with the land. Literally any rock, plant, or light fixture could be hiding yet another undetected camera to help keep an eye on things. It can feel unsettling at first to know that Disney's watching you constantly, but much like the Magic Band trackers, this definitely isn't for malicious reasons. Far from it. These cameras make sure that if someone were to do something completely against the park rules that be dangerous to them and other guests, the cast member would be able to swoop in and stop things before anything gets too out of hand. The only places that don't have security cameras around Disney are the bathrooms, thank goodness, and your Disney World hotel room as well. But wait, what about those new Hey Disney devices in the hotel rooms? Are those not watching our every move? Hey Disney is an IT device like an Alexa, but instead of telling you when your Amazon shipments have arrived at your front door, it'll help you out with the Disney resorts. Extra towel requests, parkour information, and even things to entertain the kiddos. So, no, Hey Disney's not watching you, but it is listening. If you opt to keep the Hey Disney microphone on during your stay, the device will technically listen for as long as it's turned on. But the device will only respond to your questions when it detects that someone has said hey Disney or you know Alexa, which are the devices wake words. If this unsettles you whatsoever, there is a microphone button on the top of the device. So if you don't want Hey Disney listening and waiting for your wake words, all you have to do is turn it off. Once you see the red bar, you'll know the microphone is muted. Or you can also unplug the device altogether. And heads up, on the last couple of times I've been staying in Disney hotels, the microphone has been off by default. I don't know if that just wasn't turned back on after the last guest left or if they're turning it off by default from the beginning. But just a heads up that if you actually want to use it, go ahead and make sure the microphone's on. Disney World is harboring more secrets than you realize. And those secrets might be working around the park with a fanny pack, khaki shorts, a Mickey Mouse buttonup, and a refillable popcorn bucket. Plain closed security guards traverse the parks every day. So that sea of guests you see in front of you, there's a very good chance that at least one or two of them is actually Disney security in disguise. These plane close security members can keep an eye on things minus standing out like a sore thumb. So if some sort of issue arises like a guest altercation or a medical emergency, these guys and gals are going to be the first folks on the scene, even faster than Disney's security that's all dressed up in the more expected security attire. Truth be told, playing close security is sometimes harder to spot than Disney's hidden security cameras. But if you see a Disney dadlike character standing by himself wearing sneaky little earpieces, then you might have accidentally stumbled upon one. You know, plain clothes cast members aren't strictly used for security reasons, though. Have you ever been to Galaxy's Edge when a droid was taking a stroll around Batu? Or have you been to Disney Springs when Douglas Fur was wandering out and about? Love that guy. Whenever one of these fun interactions takes place, there's always going to be a cast member incognito somewhere nearby to make sure these guys are, you know, behaving themselves. But these cast members are also going to dress in plain clothes because, well, Douglas Fur doesn't want his thunder stolen. He demands your undivided attention. You know what's tempting? To never, ever, ever leave a Disney World park. You know what's not possible? Never ever ever leaving a Disney World park. When it's time for all the cast members to say so long and see you real soon, that's your cue to hit the high road. Now, it's true that the parks don't necessarily completely shut down right at closing time. Those big flagship stores toward the front of the parks will stay open for another 30 to 60 minutes trying to sell you some last minute souvenirs. And depending on the day, the park you're in might have extended evening hours happening for its deluxe resort guests or have an after hours event or after hours holiday party starting up after the general public has to leave. But once the parks have closed for the day for everyone, cast members perform walkthroughs to make sure there are no guests left behind or sneaking around in the bushes. Cast members typically clear sections of the park each night, sweeping for any straggling guests. And that means those evening cast members have an important job. It's their duty to point guests towards the park exit after those final ride-throughs of the night have taken place. And then once an area is 100% free of guests, they block off access to it. I know you're not behind the screen scheming of a way to escape Disney security just to prove that you can. I mean, we're all fellow Disney fans here, and we got way too much respect for our Disney friends and family to do something so conniving, right? But if there was ever some non-D Disney fan out there that thought about stirring up trouble, here's what's going to happen to them. And no, it doesn't involve escaping security. I mean, that'd completely go against the title of our video. There are different ways that Disney World handles rule breakers. It just depends on which rules someone breaks. Some situations like frequently cutting in line or making rude gestures, dressing up like one of the characters when you're an adult, and attempting to smoke inside the parks will more than likely get you kicked out for the day with no chance of a refund. But if the situation is far more severe, like sneaking backstage, jumping off rides mid ride through, trying to sell your own merchandise inside the park or getting in a major WWE match with other guests, then that offending guest will be added to Disney's blacklist and banned not just from Disney World, but from any and all Disney parks, including the cruise ships, too. To keep record of this blacklisting, Disney documents what exactly happened during the altercation, then takes a photo of the offending guest. And after that, well, then there's the blacklist warrant, which could keep guests out of Disney for a year, 2 years, 5 years, maybe even a lifetime. Oh, and let's not forget about Disney jail. No, Disney World doesn't exactly have a full-on jail with prison cells and shackles and people keeping tallies of the days passing by on the walls like they do in Pirates of the Caribbean. But if a guest has been caught doing something disruptive, they will be taken to the park security office immediately. And depending on how serious the rule-breaking offense was, Disney might not even keep that guest in their security office for very long, they could end up calling in the Orange County Sheriff's Office to take over from there, and that could wind up in actual jail. I talk more about Disney jail in our Disney jail and other myths that are real video. So, if you want to learn more about the time my best friend's sister was actually thrown into Disney jail, check that video out next. So, now I've drilled it into your brain that no one escapes Disney World security. But you know the absolute best thing about that fact? That keeps your family safe. Few things are more terrifying than one of the younger members of your group breaking away from your line of vision in the middle of a crowded Disney park. But cast members and Disney security are trained to handle these situations with so so so much care and attention. When you tell a cast member your kid has wandered off somewhere, they'll immediately notify their supervisor and Disney security as well as ask you for your kid's most recent picture. Even better if you can show them what they're wearing that day. The cast member will then report the child's description to the central communication center so all cast members can be on the lookout. Now, let's jump ahead to the happily ever after part of this scenario, the reunion. When, not if, but when a cast member finds a kiddo who's somehow gotten separated from their group, whether they've been reported missing yet or not, they'll lead the little traveler over to either the park's baby care center or guest relations. And once your kiddo is with a cast member, which won't take very long at all, they'll be in good hands. That being said, you can always plan ahead to help cast members and security out. Not anticipating that something like this will happen, but preparing just in case it does by dressing your kiddo in bright colors, applying those temporary safety tattoos with your phone number on them somewhere on your child's arm. They're like $5 on Amazon, and or purchasing Air Tag necklaces cuz a Magic Band might not be able to locate your child's whereabouts, but an Air Tag can. In case you're not super familiar with Air Tags, essentially they're little devices that communicate through Bluetooth by sending out a signal to your phone to track down the exact distance between you and said Air Tag device, as well as find out what direction it's located in. While this has been more commonly used to help track down lost luggage at airports or missing keys around your house, you can now purchase necklaces on Amazon that'll hold onto your Air Tag device for you. And your kid can wear these pendants around the parks like a necklace, which they'll more than likely want to do anyway since many of them have cute character designs that'll fit right in with their Disneybounding style. You can also attach them to their shoes, which is another great option. Now, speaking of lost items that aren't your children, security can help you by trying to track down those things, too. I mean, a lost item is way more likely to escape security, but cast members in security can definitely help you out as much as they can. So, here's a couple recent examples straight from the DFB squad, showing how being tracked can be super useful. One of our reporters actually had a situation where the reusable cup that she'd purchased that morning at her resort was stolen while she was watching a show in Disney's Hollywood Studios. Immediately, she went to guest services to report the poor missing cup just to see if it'd somehow been returned. And because our reporter purchased her cup via Magic Band, the guest services cast member was able to track down her receipt of purchase even though she didn't have a paper copy. So, our reporter was able to get a replacement cup without having to pay for a whole new one, thanks to a team of understanding cast members. Again, this may not always be the case for missing or stolen items, but what's always going to happen is that cast members in security are going to try to make things right for you when you've been wronged. Another example, this one's for my script writer, Bria, so I'll let her take over. Howdy, everyone. So, one of the last times I went to Epcot with my family, my dad lost his glasses on test track. Not like in the way that they just flew out of the vehicle, but in a way that they must have just fallen out of his pocket or something. So, we backtracked to the cast members at the front of the ride and we told them what was going on. And what they did next was pretty interesting. Test track cast members were able to track down the vehicle my dad had been in by looking through recent photo pass pictures captured in the last hour or so. And sure enough, once they found his picture, they were able to find the vehicle and therefore they found his glasses again. Thanks, Bria. So, let's say finding your missing stuff isn't so cut and dry. What happens if you just can't find your phone or wallet or your backpack? Your first order of action, return to the site where you think you might have lost said item. When a cast member finds a lost item, they often put it on top of a nearby trash can in case someone comes back looking for it. If that doesn't work, visit the nearest guest relations location in the park or at the front desking of your resort to report an item gone MIA. Usually cast members at guest relations will have you fill out an online web form detailing your missing item, but you can beat them to the punch by going to the website yourself. It's called chargerback.com and putting in the request. Chargerback will ask you a few questions about your missing item. And then once you submit your request for a search mission, cast members will be on the lookout for you. Even when you're not in the park anymore, they'll keep you updated with text messages as they continue to search for your item. And if they are able to find it for you, Disney will usually mail it back to you free of charge. This is something that worked really well for me when I had like a 3:00 a.m. flight out and totally forgot to gather all my clothes from the closet in my hotel room. I realized a couple days later that they were gone and did the charger back thing and Disney mailed all of those clothes back to me for free. I was so happy cuz there was a bunch of stuff in that closet that was irreplaceable. Like they don't sell it anymore. And remember that car locator function I briefly mentioned earlier. Disney security can help track down your car, too, if you totally forgot where you parked it, because you probably did. Well, you can always use the car locator option on the My Disney Experience app to log in your parking info before you head into the park. If you forgot to do that and now you're wandering around aimlessly throughout a parking lot, just pressing your panic button on your keys, track down a parking security cast member. Cast members out in the lots keep track of what time each of the parking lot rows were filled. So, if you can give the cast member a rough estimate, or better yet, a specific estimate of when you arrived at the park, they can point you in the direction of where cars were being parked around that time. Okay. Don't want to get in trouble with Disney? Here's a speed round of several rules that maybe you didn't know you could get in trouble for, but will definitely send up the red flag to Disney's security team. First up, no running. It's a safety thing. Disney doesn't want you tripping on the sidewalks or the Main Street USA trolley tracks. We do that enough even when we're not running. No flash photography on those dark rides or during shows. You don't want to disrupt other guests, and you certainly don't want to disrupt the actors on stage. Don't feed the animals. They will give you those big bagging eyes, but you must resist. It's not good for their tummies, and it's not good for future guests if the animals start getting brave and aggressive over food. And by animals, by the way, I'm not just talking about those dudes in Animal Kingdom. I'm talking about all the Disney ducks, all of those white cranes that can get real angry, those squirrels that literally will eat a chicken nugget right in front of you. Don't bring drones, selfie sticks, skateboards, folding chairs. Yep, folding chairs or any loud noise makers. You can bring in almost any food to the park except stuff that needs to be reheated, refrigerated, kept in a glass container, excluding baby food, or anything that has an overly potent smell. There's no smoking in the parks anymore, but there are designated smoking areas outside of the parks. And if you want to bring a gift to someone, leave it unwrapped. Otherwise, security will have to unwrap it before you're allowed into the park. See, now those rules aren't too hard to follow, right? We are very thankful for Disney security team and all its cast members, which is why we've got lots more cast member related videos out now that you can check out, like former employees reveal 50 Disney World Secrets. That's a spicy one and it's straight from our DFB team where we have a lot of former Disney World employees. And don't forget to download those free Disney World planning worksheets if you haven't already over at disneyfoodblog.com/dplans. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disneyblog and we'll see you real soon.
