---
video_id: 21OOoatXuSU
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Latest Disney News: We Rode the NEWEST Ride in Magic Kingdom, Bananas Take Over Disneyland & MORE!"
published: 2026-03-28
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=21OOoatXuSU
---
Magic Kingdom just gave one of its classic rides a major glow up, and yep, we were one of the first to check it out. Over at Hollywood Studios, Rock and Roller Coasters construction saga continues, and we've got a fresh update straight from the scene. Meanwhile, bananas have taken over Disneyland in the most chaotic and fun way possible. And Disney just dropped new details about the ultimate fan event that you're definitely going to want on your radar. All the latest Disney and theme park news is coming up right now here on DFB Guide. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. Happy Saturday. I'm very excited to be in Plainville, Massachusetts today, meeting a whole bunch of you at an unlikely story bookstore. That's going to be a blast. Anyway, buckle up. There's a lot to get into today. We rode the upgraded Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin. And first things first, the new blasters are a huge upgrade. Hitting the targets felt way easier. The accuracy is dramatically better, and the payoff is bigger, too. The targets are now LED screens that do a whole little show when you hit them. The blaster button is also super easy to press, which we loved, and the joystick turn the vehicle very easily. Remember, there's whole new ride vehicles now. Overall, the ride looks a lot brighter and the black screen seems stronger. The UV paint looks freshly updated and everything pops a lot more under the lighting. We also asked if it's better to hold down the trigger or shoot normally. And the cast member told us holding it down gives you the best chance to hit the most targets. So, same as before, keep an eye out for flashing or white illuminated targets throughout the ride cuz they appear randomly and are worth more points. Also, the scoring has changed a bit. The old Galactic Hero Max score used to cap at 99999999, right? You remember that? But now you'll need to hit a million points to earn the title. Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger spin is set to reopen April 8th. We've got another Cinderella Castle paint update. We saw the crews on the cherry pickers working on painting the spires. The new roofs a deeper shade of blue and the darker blue pops nicely against the new gray. Can't wait to see how it looks once they're all done. She's looking good. Another update has popped up at Rock and Roller Coaster as the Muppets transformation continues. We spotted new paint details on the car out front, including music notes and stars decorating the car. A fun hint that the musical chaos we're probably going to get with the Muppets is about to take over the attraction. The coaster is currently closed while it's being rethemed to rock and roller coaster starring the Muppets, and Disney has said it's set to reopen sometime this summer. Every little update like this makes us more curious to see what the final ride is going to look like. Afternoon tea is back at Disney's Grand Fian Resort. We tried the new tea experience at the Garden View Lounge, complete with cocktails and tea, teiered trays, and Alice in Wonderland inspired treats. You also get a full tea service where they bring out a box of teas for you to smell before choosing. Plus, the afternoon tea tower with savory bites and sweets and scon served with different spreads. We also tried the children's afternoon tea plate, which adults can absolutely order. Highlights for us were the refreshing mint tulip cocktail, the orange cranberry scone with orange marmalade and daventure cream, and the footman's feast wonderland salmon crisps. Seriously, could have eaten a hundred of those. The seasonal cheese selection is an extra $21, but also is one of our favorite parts, especially the truffle cheese and the honey tomato cheese combo. Overall, the space is beautiful and the service was fantastic. But for $79 per adult and $49 per child, you're definitely paying for the experience itself more than the food and drinks. We have a full review on the blog where we go into every single bite we tried. Savannah Bananas Day at Disneyland was bananas, no pun intended. We got to see the team dance with Mickey and friends in front of Sleeping Beauty Castle, shimmy their way through a Savannah Bananas Cavalcade down Main Street, and even bring the energy over to Disney California Adventure with another big performance. The vibes were immaculate all day. And my favorite Savannah Banana, Jackson Olsen, said that this DFV Guide YouTube channel is his favorite YouTube channel of all time, which oh my gosh, I just I don't even know what to do. Jackson, we love you. Between the dancing and the crowds cheering and all the banana themed treats around the resort, it honestly felt like one of the most fun crossover events ever at Disneyland. Safe to say, Banana Ball and Disney Magic are pretty perfect combo. Are you ready to experience the Ultimate Disney fan event? If the answer is yes, you may have plans to attend the D23 Ultimate Disney fan event, basically the D23 Expo, where you can have a chance to meet other Disney fans and shop for exclusive merch and attend some fun panels and learn a whole lot more about Disney's upcoming plans for movies, parks, and more. Yep, this is where they make their biggest announcements. D23 Expo ticket details have finally been revealed for August. The next D23 Expo is happening August 14th to the 16th in Anaheim, and Disney has dropped a ton of info about how tickets will work this year. Ticket sales start soon, March 31st, at 10:00 a.m. Pacific time, 1:00 p.m. Eastern. This is the exclusive 24-hour purchase window for current D23 Gold Charter members. Then April 2nd at 10:00 a.m. Pacific time and 1:00 p.m. Eastern, the priority purchase window opens for D23 Gold members on essential choice and complete plans. April 2nd at 12:00 p.m. Pacific time and 3:00 p.m. Eastern is when all other D23 Gold members can join the queue. This year's event has expanded show floor hours all three days and has a new afternoon only fan pass option. Ticket options include D23 Fan Pass. That's the Anaheim Convention Center only. This includes afternoon only 1-day or 3-day tickets. D23 Ultimate Fan Pass. This is access to both the Anaheim Convention Center and the Honda Center showcases. The D23 Ultimate Preferred Fan Pass. This is 3 days of the best floor seating at Honda Center, the Anaheim Convention Center access, and more. And along with ticket info, Disney announced the 2026 Disney Legends Award honores. For almost 40 years, the Disney Legends Award has been the highest honor the Walt Disney Company can offer. Bestowed on performers and executive cast members, imagineers, and creatives who've made a lasting impact on the company's legacy. The 2026 class of Disney legends includes Chris Berman, Jerry Brookheimimer, Susan Egan, Eric Goldberg, Anne Hathaway, Bob Iger, Kim Irvine, Dwayne Johnson, the Jonas Brothers, Lyn Manuel Miranda, and Alan Tudyk. The DF team will be at D23 this year covering the entire weekend. It's one of our favorite weekends to cover for you because we get so much cool information. There's a new Disney Visa perk, y'all, at Walt Disney World, in case you didn't know. Chase Disney Visa card holders get some exclusive perks in the Disney parks for completely free with their debit or credit card. Now, for years, Disney Visa card members have been able to visit Celebrity Spotlight in Hollywood Studios for a meet and greet with Olaf. But now that's changed. Instead, a furry alien has moved in. Yep, Stitch has converted Olaf's summer beach into a Hawaiian surf spot. We had a blast meeting Stitch in his Hawaiian lay. And we loved all the fun details like the Hawaiian flowers and Stitch and Lilo's surfboards in the background. While the standby line to meet Olaf was posted at 40 minutes, we walked right into Stitch's luau with no wait. If you're missing Olaf after this change, you can still meet him using his standby line. Now, instead of using the Disney Visa card member line as a Lightning Lane, it's a different character meet and greet entirely. We love that this new meet and greet is truly a Disney Visa exclusive since it's the only place that Stitch meets reliably and daily in this park. He'll occasionally pop into Tomorrowland and Magic Kingdom, but the space rotates daily with Buzz Lightyear and some days there's no meet and greet at all. Celebrity Spotlight is the only guaranteed way to meet Stitch at Disney World right now, unless you want to pay for a character breakfast at Ohana. The Disney Visa card member meet and greet is open every day from 9:00 am to 12 pm. Don't let the Olaf signage fool you. Stitch is now a real addition to Celebrity Spotlight and will meet there every day for the foreseeable future, but for Disney Visa card holders only. Back in December, Disney announced a new partnership with Open AI for the company to become the first major content licensing partner on Sora. And we were preparing to see Disney step into the three-year licensing agreement. But in a turn of events, Disney's now backed out of the OpenAI deal after the company announced its shutdown of Sora. According to the Hollywood Reporter, just months after Sora was launched, Open AAI will now shut down its Sora AI video app. In response to this, a source familiar with the matter has stated that Disney is also exiting the deal it signed with OpenAI. And Disney stated they would invest a billion in the company and agreed to license some of its characters for use in Sora. Now that Sora is no longer, well, the company isn't getting out of the AI video business, Disney will no longer be working with Open AI. When Sora first launched back in 2025, it quickly had to backtrack after that launch and give Hollywood studios and talent more control over their IP and likenesses on the platform. This is an interesting turn of events as Disney was planning to integrate the Sora technology into the tech of Disney Plus itself. Now that they're no longer part of this deal, the question remains if something similar will be added in the future. New Bluey inspired eats have landed at Disneyland, so of course we had to do a taste test of all of them. Here's what's worth grabbing and what we'd skip. The mini Dutch pancakes were doughy and sweet and the perfect little treat. Super fluffy and evenly cooked. They remind me of a fried doughut, but without the crispy edge. The magic asparagus pretzel was a winner. It's way bigger than expected, and the pretzel to white chocolate ratio is perfect. Fair warning, it is very green. Anything it touches will turn green, too. The Pizza Girls baked potato. This is the star of the show. What an incredible baked potato. The sauce is zesty and the pepperoni and sausage are packed with flavor. The cheese is ooey gooey with an elite cheese pull plus bacon bits. Perfection. The lime ice block drink. This is pretty yummy. The popsicle melts fast, but honestly, it makes the drink even better. Super sweet, but really refreshing with lots of fun flavors. The mudcake cold brew is one of the sweetest cold brews in the park. It's basically like a melted chocolate coffee shake. Super cute with the party sprinkles, but the sweetness was a little overpowering. And the Pavlova Parfait. This berry compost is very tart, but the fresh fruit and vanilla cake balance it nicely. The kiwi candies are crunchy and add a sweet little texture moment. Sugar Painting Candy is back in Epcot. We are so excited. You can find it in the House of Good fortune shop in the China Pavilion. And this is the first time we've seen it in Epcot since the 2020 International Festival of the Arts. There are a variety of different animals you can choose from, but we had to go with the dragon. The sugar artists make each piece by hand right in front of you, and it took about 10 minutes for ours to be completed. Watching the artist create it was mesmerizing. She was so talented. The level of detail is incredible. Price varies depending on how intricate your design is. Our dragon was on the pricier end, but it was such a cool experience to watch. By the way, it's super sweet because, you know, it's literally sugar. There's a new burger in Disney Springs, and spoiler alert, this is the most unique burger we've tried there. The not so polite burger is $23 at the Polite Pig. Now, this is a burger with a beef and pork patty between a pretzel bun packed with lettuce, tomato, potato sticks, onion rings, green sauce, Leila's barbecue sauce, and topped with a teeno. This guy is stuffed. The pretzel bun was super fluffy with a crispy crust just like a real pretzel. This patty tasted a lot like a meatball, pretty heavy and slightly sweet. The crispy potato sticks added a satisfying crunch and contributed to a great mix of textures. lettuce and tomato fresh and lightened the heaviness of the burger patty and the barbecue sauce was sweet with a little hint of tang, but it quickly became messy. Since this burger is covered in sauce, we could barely taste the onion rings or green sauce because of how flavorful everything else was. The teno on top was a fun surprise. This is basically the Venezuelan version of a mozzarella stick. It's deep fried white cheese wrapped in a crispy dough. The dough was slightly sweet, which balanced out the burger, and it added a nice crunch to the burger, too. We wish they sold these on their own. Heads up, polite pig. We'd recommend the not so polite burger to anyone at Disney who wants something unlike anything they've ever had before. This is one of the most unique ones we've ever tried with a hodgepodge of barbecue, Italian, South American flavors that somehow all worked. It was also very sweet with the addition of the barbecue sauce. So, had that kind of sweet and savory profile that blended really well together. Chef Artsmith's Homecoming is a hard spot to snag reservations for in Disney Springs, especially for breakfast and brunch. But if all you can find is lunch and dinner, don't be discouraged because this menu is just as good. We stopped by recently to grab the new Southern Burger for 24 bucks, which is two all beef patties topped with American cheese, pecan smoked bacon, two fried green tomatoes, pimento cheese, arugula, and a truffle aioli served on a bio bun with a side of crispy fries. Yeah, they got a lot onto this burger. From the first bite, our first thought was, "Wow!" because all the flavors combined really well. The star of the show is the pimento cheese here since it's in the sauce with the truffle ioli, which was also delicious. The arugula pairs nicely as well, so it gives the burger that fresh, peppery taste. All the flavors were strong individually, but combined it was great. Pimento cheese and truffle ioli, those are the strongest flavors, so you'll certainly need to enjoy those to like this burger. and gather around and say hi to the peanut brittle cocktail for $14. This is made with proline lour screwball peanut butter whiskey, salted cream, and coffee. This totally reminded us of a Tim Horton's iced cap but with alcohol in it. When we ordered, the bartender recommended that we get it iced, and that was definitely the way to go. When you get it at first, the alcohol sits on the bottom and the cream sits on top, so you need to stir it all together. It went down smoothly and wasn't overly strong when mixed together. We weren't massive fans of the peanut bits on top because when you stir them in, you end up sucking up peanut bits, which wasn't the best texture ever. Wasn't overly salty though, which was nice. And overall was just a good classic drink you can easily sip on at brunch or dinner. We stopped by Eat by Manit Shawan to check out some new eats and drinks. Starting with the cookies and cream martini for $14.95. This is made with a mix of whipped cream, vodka, cake vodka, and white chocolate leour topped with whipped cream and cookie crumbs. Now, this drink was strong. It's essentially three different alcohols mixed together with whipped cream on top. So, imagine cookies and cream blending up with vodka, except without the texture of cookies and cream. It was definitely on the sweet side, and we could see how someone might like this, but wasn't our favorite. We also grabbed the new masala nachos for $14.95. These arericolor tortilla chips topped in signature bubble seasoning and layered with rich spiced chickpea kle ratta tamarind and mint chutney fresh kachuma crispy bondi cilantro and a touch of ch masala. On social media these were advertised as cholelay nachos but when we ordered them the sign called them chana masala nachos. We confirmed they are one and the same. These are totally covered in spices and sauces creating a real explosion of flavors. The seasoning on the tortilla chips was salty and spicy, and the red sauce on top was made of those same spices. We appreciated the rata on top because it added a creaminess that helped to cut down on some of that spice. There was a great crunch to the toppings, but after a while, they made the chips a little soggy, such as the price you pay with loaded nachos like these, though. And to round everything out, we also recently tried the Queen Bee cocktail for $15.95. This is made with apple vodka, peach schnops, pineapple juice, and cranberry juice with honey boba pearls. And it comes with a cute little bee friend. This was delicious. Sweet, but not overbearing. We could definitely taste the pineapple juice and the green apple the most with a hint of peach, but we didn't taste a ton of alcohol. The popping pearls were also very good, adding some sweetness on top. We wish it were served with a more appropriate straw for popping pearls, but that would be a pretty big straw for an alcoholic drink. The highlight for us was the silly little bee. Very refreshing on a hot day. We would definitely recommend this one. 2026 is rolling right along and I can't believe we're already almost in April. For us Disney World fans, that's pretty awesome cuz there's a lot coming to Disney World in April and beyond. Here's what you need to know before you head to Disney World this month. Over at Epcot, the Flower and Garden Festival is still going strong, but at the Farmers Feast booth in Communicore Hall, the menu is going to change three times throughout the festival. The current one, Early Bloom, runs till April 5th before it changes over to the springtime menu from April 6th to May 10th. The new menu will offer heirloom tomatoes and fresh mozzarella along with grilled beef strip loin and peach cobbler. Finally, we've been waiting and waiting for this refurb to be over so we can get Galactic Hero again and our dreams will finally come true. On April 8th, Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger spin in Magic Kingdom reopens with new blasters which are handheld and shoot different colored lasers along with a new show scene and interactive targets. There's another Run Disney race in the month of April. While all three races are already full for the weekend, you should keep in mind that the springtime surprise weekend can cause massive crowds in the parks along with road closures. This year's themes include Zootopia, Inside Out, Winnie the Pooh, and Aladdin. And race weekend will take place April 16th to the 20th. Usually, Animal Kingdom throws a big celebration for Earth Day. We've seen rare characters come out to say hi. Folks like Kota and Canai from Brother Bear, Max and Goofy, even Princess Ata from A Bug's Life. We've also seen Tinkerbell and Fawn along with Jane and Turk out sometimes, too. So, if you love meeting characters, you might want to head to Animal Kingdom on April 22nd. As the sun sets later, Disney pushes back some show times, too. And starting on April 24th, Fantasmic at Hollywood Studios moves from 8:30 to 9:00. This show can get real busy, so we recommend lining up early. But one reason we love to see Fantasmic over other time nighttime spectaculars is that you get loaded into an amphitheater, get seats, and don't have to stake out your spot for an hour ahead of time. Planning a Disney World trip can feel like a full-time job, but it doesn't have to be. Our everything bundle is your all-in-one shortcut to mastering every park, every season, every festival without the stress. It's like having a little AJ right on your device. Whether you're heading to Epcot for a festival or braving Magic Kingdom on a busy day or planning your first trip, this bundle is designed to help you skip the overwhelm and focus on that fun. You can check out all of our guides over at dfbstore.com. They're beautiful. You should definitely check them out. Or you can shop through this video. Be sure to use code YouTube to get an extra special discount. Although always popular, charms are definitely having a moment right now. And it looks like Disney and Bobble Bar noticed. These new mini ears are totally customizable and a must for your next Disney trip. The pink velour ear headband makes a statement on its own with jewels packed onto the bow and spread out over the ears. But what makes these different from every other pair of mini ears is that it comes with eight charms and six pins you can mix and match. Want to wear the pink ears as they are? Cool. Want to deck them out with every pin and charm at once? You do you. With that many accessories, there are lots of ways to design these. Bubble bar items, especially ears, are known to sell out quickly, though, so snag them while you can. New Lion King ears have landed in Disney World. These new ears are $36.99 and have a full leather look and feature Simba and the sun on the ears. We spotted them at World of Disney and Disney Springs, but keep your eyes peeled for them around the parks. I think they're so classy looking. And that's going to wrap up today's round of Disney news, y'all. Thanks so much for hanging out with me. You know, the team is watching every menu change, every construction wall. surprise announcements, all those tiny details so you don't have to miss out on anything. If you want to stay ahead of the curve, make sure you're following us on social media. And don't forget to sign up for our free newsletter. That's where we drop the big stuff first, plus all the tips and tricks that'll make your next Disney trip way easier. You can sign up at the for this video. And again, it's totally free. Thanks for listening, everyone, and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog, and we'll see you real soon.
