---
video_id: BhzEXf6kmvg
channel: DFBGuide
title: "BIGGEST Hotel CHANGES Coming to Disney World in 2026"
published: 2026-03-05
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BhzEXf6kmvg
---
Disney World's making some big changes to their hotels, and that can sound intimidating, but we're here to show you how the biggest hotel changes are going to lead to some great things for your upcoming vacations. Well, mostly great things. You'll see what I mean. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. So, I love making a Disney World Resort my temporary home away from home. I love feeling like I live there, but what I don't love is feeling like I'm missing out on some sort of big hotel change that everyone else seems to know about except for me. If you're in a similar boat, feeling like you don't want to lock in any reservations until you know exactly what's happening on the Disney hotel scene in 2026, you are in the right place, my friends. You've clicked on the right video. We've got all the biggest Disney resort changes rounded up for you, and now we're ready to spill. Now, before we get into the things that will be changing around Disney's hotels in 2026, let's quickly talk about all the things that have already changed in the past year that will still impact your upcoming stay, just in case you haven't been there over the past year. Right. First off, in 2025, hotel only reservations, yep, those not tied to a vacation package with theme park tickets, we also call them room only reservations, switched their cancellation policy rules on us. Before, you could still get a full refund when canceling your room up to 5 days before check-in. But now it must be cancelled eight days before your scheduled check-in to receive a full refund. If you cancel between zero and seven days, you will now lose the cost of a one night stay, which also serves as a deposit. Last year was when Disney's Value Resort started working with domestic Southwest Airlines flights in Orlando International Airport to provide a skip baggage claim perk, meaning Southwest passengers can have their bags delivered directly to their value resort and back to the airport again at the end of their vacation, minus a whole lot of extra hassle. If you want to learn more about how this new bag perk works, then be sure to check out our post all about it on the DFB website. I'll link that post for you down in the description below. Porter's French Quarter experienced quite a fixerupper last year across its lobby and rooms. Now you'll see more vibrant rug decorations, a brighter lobby, and rooms that embrace that Louisiana charm with new pops of color and Princess and the Frog influences. 2025 was a huge year for Pop Century. It received room updates, a whole food court makeover, and its lobby got a whole paint job, too, which took away the old school shadow boxes with relics from the past. And that makes our hearts hurt. But I admit the bright colors do look nice. And don't worry, we've been assured that the shadow boxes are still in existence. They've just been moved. And I don't know where they're going to be eventually. Hopefully somewhere on display, but they are safe. Back in April 2025, Boardwalk Inn closed its dueling piano bar, Jelly Rolls, after 30 years of operations. Now, we're not sure what's going to be housed in the vacant building next, but we'll let you know just as soon as we hear more on the matter. Big River Grill and Brewing Works is also still closed at Boardwalk Inn, but that dude's been closed since 2024, just sitting vacant for years now, but I do think they're going to make some serious changes over there at that end of the boardwalk pretty soon. Disney's partner hotels, the Swan and Dolphin Resorts, opened up a new steakhouse on the Dolphin side called Bourbon Steak by Michael Mina. The restaurant is open nightly from 5 to 11:00 p.m. and offers a reimagined kind of modern take on the quintessential American steakhouse. Plus, it has free French fry flights before your meal. So, I'm pretty obsessed with that. Starting this past December, Sangria University, a premium sangria making afternoon course offered at Coronado Springs Resort, changed location. So, instead of being offered at Three Bridges Bar and Grill, it's now at Toledo Tapus Steak and Seafood at the top of Dino Tower. And as the PA de Resistance, brace yourselves, there's pump soap now available in the Disney hotel rooms. Okay, maybe it's not the most revolutionary change, but it is a huge deal for me. I am very excited about this. There are definitely more changes that happened to the hotels last year, but I'm going to group some of those changes with the changes that are happening this year, too, because some Disney World resorts are just giving us like a picnic basket full of newness lately, for better or for worse. So, super speedy side note. If you're on the hunt for a guide that'll lay out all of Disney World's resort options in an easy to follow digital companion, one that also lists out the main pros and cons of each, so it's really easy to choose your hotel. Go ahead and scan the QR code you see on the screen right now, or head to disneyfoodblog.com/h hotels. After this, we're going to send you our free guide exploring every single Disney resort. Okay. Yeah, I definitely wanted Grand Fian to have its own point here because oh my goodness, so much has happened to this deluxe resort over the past few years. Ever since the 2020 closures, Grand Fian has been putting a lot of work into itself. The lobby completely reimagined, the guest rooms updated with Mary Poppins touches. The Big Pine Key Building transformed into new Disney Vacation Club level rooms, also Mary Poppins inspired. Citricos revamped. Narusi's revamped. Victoria and Albert's totally revamped. 1900 Park Fair reopened, revamped, and featuring a new character dining experience with Cinderella, Mirabel, Aladdin, and Tiana. And that big bird cage in the lobby that is gone, taken away, and transformed into the Perch, which is a small but still bird cage themed bar featuring specialty cocktails. Because Disney said, "Why would we have a bird cage that doesn't sell alcohol when we can have a bird cage that does?" And now after being closed for years, the Garden View Lounge is finally reopening with an allnew tea experience with lots of Alice and Wonderland themed touches. The Tea Room will reopen March 19th, but advanced dining reservations go live starting February 19th. Okay. And if we're giving the Grand Fian its own time to shine, I suppose we should also give a shout out to the Polynesian Village Resort, too, cuz a lot's been going on here. Polynesian always seems to be undergoing some sort of construction, whether it be its exterior building, its rooms, or just flat out building a brand new Disney Vacation Club Island Tower with brand new rooms and a new bar and grill and a new pool. But in 2026, Polynesian Village Resort will continue its construction shenanigans as it works to update its main entrance and parking lot, bus loop, and exterior for Ohana and Captain Cooks. Unfortunately, all of this construction is going to make things not as aesthetically pleasing at the moment. You kind of feel like a rat in a maze with all these walls and barriers guiding you around the whole place. And while I'm all about improving a resort to make it 10 times better for future guests, I do have to warn you that if you're planning on visiting here soon, the fireworks views that you can normally experience at Ohana will be near fully obstructed for the foreseeable future. Just something you'll want to keep on your radar so you don't book an expensive dinner here and wind up disappointed with the lack of happily ever after ooze and o's. So, what else has the Polynesian Village Resort restaurant scene been up to lately? Well, starting at the end of last year, why Lulu Bar and Grill started accepting advanced dining reservations instead of solely being a walk up pool bar, which I'm personally a huge fan of cuz now I can guarantee a seat at this place instead of like hovering around awkwardly like a vulture waiting for someone to get up from their table. And the ever popular Trader Sam's Grog Grotto also made a massive change at the end of last year. Now, the bar opens starting at 11:00 a.m. each day instead of three, giving you much more of an opportunity to experience this enchanted bar at some point during your vacation. Grogretto closes at midnight. And while this is a family-friendly establishment most of the day, it becomes 21 and over after 8:00 p.m. Kiddos, guess what? Several of the Disney World hotels are about to get a whole lot more fun. I know, possible, maybe. Last year, we started seeing scheduled character encounters popping up at a couple of the Disney World resorts like Wilderness Lodge and Porterland's French Quarter. But this year, as part of the returning Cool Kids summer, running from May 26th to September 8th, Disney characters are going to be appearing in scheduled meet and greets at even more Disney World hotels to give families a chance to meet their heroes, minus the park ticket prices and the forever long character lines. Character encounters will be appearing this summer at Art of Animation, Caribbean Beach, Pop Century, and Porterans Resort Riverside. Oh, and here's a little bonus character fun on top of an already existing Disney World hotel park perk. You know, early theme park entry where all hotel guests can enter into any one of the parks 30 minutes before they officially open to the public. Well, if you decide to take advantage of this perk during Cool Kids Summer, Disney's going to offer up special character meet and greets during that time, too. There's no official list telling us which characters will be available in each park. At least there isn't one yet. But Disney is telling us that they'll all be different. So, if your family is big on meeting the characters, you may want to use your early entry perk during this time to soak up as much of these exclusive meet and greets as you can. Also, during Cool Kids Summer, May 26 to September 8th, Disney World's free water park perk for all hotel guests will return. So last year the free water park per park was available to use all year round. But Disney didn't take some things into account and things got a little crowded when both parks weren't open. So this year Disney hotel guests will only be able to take advantage of it during that specific cool kid summer window. But good news, both Typhoon Lagoon and Blizzard Beach will be open and available for you to choose between during that window, which is a rarity in the Disney bubble nowadays since usually only one water park is open at a time. Just keep in mind that those free water park tickets are indeed available for everyone under your hotel reservation, but you must use that free waterpark perk on your hotel check-in day and your check-in day only. Otherwise, you'll lose the perk. So, plan ahead, get to Orlando early on your hotel check-in day. Head over to your chosen water park by rope drop and take that full advantage of your free tickets. Stormalong Bay, shared between Yacht and Beach Club, has for a long time been my favorite Disney World Resort pool. But is there a chance that their best pool title could be overthrown? Let me back up. Currently, a brand new Disney Vacation Club resort called Lakeshore Lodge is being constructed in the Magic Kingdom area, where the former home of Disney's River Country used to be. Anyone remember that water park? Good times. Lakeshore Lodge has already had a rocky start, though. Originally, it was supposed to be called Reflections Disney Lakeside Lodge Resort. And the resort was supposed to open up in 2022, but CO happened and construction on it stopped completely and we started to doubt if it'd ever start back up again. But it did under a new name now, Lakeshore Lodge. According to Disney, Lakeshore Lodge will be inspired by the majesty of nature and its enduring influence on Disney artists. It's pretty heavy, but it sounds like it's going to blend in really well with the already existing Disney hotels around the same area, Fort Wilderness and Wilderness Lodge. From what we've seen from Bio Reconstruct, our favorite Disney fan pilot. Thank you so much for keeping us informed, my friend. The main Lakeshore building is well underway, and we're also starting to see a whole lazy river being chiseled out for the resort's new pool area. I am super excited because I'm a sucker for a lazy river. And at the moment, Storalong Bay is the only Disney World Resort that has a lazy river style thing. It's not really that long. This one looks a lot longer. So, I'm excited for a little more lazy river competition amongst hotels, but I'll have to try the Lakeshore one out myself to determine if it's worthy of being my new favorite. You know, for science. Lakeshore Lodge will continue to be worked on throughout 2026, but it isn't slated to officially open until later on in 2027. So, stay tuned. Okay, I don't want to talk about this. I will, but I don't want to. Disney's confirmed that Yachtsman Steakhouse is going to close in May 2026. Not for good. Don't worry, just for a refresh, but it's not expected to reopen until August 2026. Now, that's fine. I can handle that. What I'm having trouble with, though, is the second part of this announcement. In addition to Yachtsman's revamp, the lounge adjacent to the steakhouse, Cruise Cup Lounge, will be closing to get a revamp, too. But it's going to reopen in May 2026, probably around the same time Yachtsman will be slated to close. Now, this makes me real nervous because usually a revamp doesn't just include an updated dining room. It includes an updated menu, which is exciting, but not if that means sacrificing again my beloved prime rib cruise cup sliders. Anything but that. Guess I shouldn't pre- panic yet. We don't know that they'll be gone for good. I know. It's just that they've left me before and I'm not ready for them to leave me again. But in the meantime, if you're visiting Yach Club while one of these closures is underway and you're looking for more places to dine near your hotel, you'll still be able to grab food at Yach Club's Ae and Compass restaurant, which by the way has an incredible chicken and waffles breakfast. So, so good. As well as the market at Ae and Compass, too, which is kind of their little graband go. Yach Club is also within walking distance to Beach Club, Boardwalk In, and Disney's neighboring Swan and Dolphin hotels, where you're going to find so many good restaurants. So, please do not discount the Swan and Dolphin restaurants. They are unbelievable. Or you can hop on the Skyliner. You can ride over to another hotel on the line for more dining selections. Caribbean Beach, Riviera, and of course, you can go into Epcot and eat there if you have a ticket. Sneaky Fort Wilderness. You might have changed this rule quietly, but we caught on. Last year, Fort Wilderness's fully equipped campsites, including the premium campsites, premium meadow campsites, full hookup campsites, tent and popup campsites, and preferred campsites. Word campsites starting to sound weird now. Could hold up to 10 guests on each site, but starting in 2026, the maximum occupancy has been lowered to eight. Not the biggest change in the world, but definitely something to keep in mind if you're planning on camping out here with a big group this year. As for the Fort Wilderness cabins, same occupancy rules still apply. Each cabin will continue to accommodate up to six guests. Now, this change has gone under the radar for a lot of folks, but it's definitely still worth noting if you're planning on booking a moderate resort room in the future. Disney's changed how it categorizes rooms across the moderate hotels. So, moving forward, rooms will be categorized more by location. So, standard or preferred rather than view, garden, courtyard, etc. Again, not trip altering changes or anything, but something to be aware of if you're used to the way Disney organized its moderate room listings before. And now we've come to the part of the video where I tell you about all the ongoing hotel construction this year that may not completely throw off your stay, but it could impact it in some way or another. Note, any hotels that have construction going on will keep the bulk of construction activity limited to the daytime hours, so you don't have to worry about it clinking and clanking all night. But on your resort only days, you may hear and see construction going on throughout the afternoon. And this could be problematic if you have a napper or if you are a napper like me. Okay, let's start with Allstar Sports. Both the Surfboard Bay pool and its associated kitty pool are now closed and will continue to be closed through April. Fortunately, Allstar Sports Grand Slam Leisure Pool is still available. Plus, you're more than welcome to pool hop over to the neighboring All-Star hotels to use the Calypso Pool, Piano Pool, and Kitty Pool at the All-Star Music Resort. and the Fantasia Pool, Duck Pond Pool, and Kitty Pool at All-Star Movies. Pool hopping is not typically allowed across the Disney resorts, but the Allstars are the exception. The two Port Orleans resorts, Riverside and French Quarter, are also exceptions. You're more than welcome to jump between those two resort pool offerings as well if you're staying at one of those resorts. And while there are no pool closures you'll have to worry about at Port Orleans for now, guest rooms on the Riverside area are deep in construction mode and will continue to be in that mode until August 2027. That being said, many of the Riverside rooms across the Alligator Bayou area have already been updated. It's really the Magnolia Ben section that's in the construction trenches at the moment. Speaking of construction trenches, Contemporaries Bay Lake Tower just cannot get a break. Bay Lake has had an ongoing series of refurbishments that started up in 2024 and have had several setbacks and delays since then. They're now slated to last all the way through summer 2027. On that construction front, in the midst of room and tower updates, the Bay Cove pool, its water play area, and the Whirlpool Spa at Bay Lake Tower are now closed and will remain shuttered until sometime this May, but you're still more than welcome to use the Contemporary's main pool area during this time instead. Meanwhile, over at Animal Kingdom Lodge, Kadani Village will finish its current refurbishment in May of 2026. But whenever that's complete, then the lodge's Jambo House area will enter into its own refurb era from May 2026 to January 2027. On top of Yach Club's lack of dining options this year, both Yach Club and Beach Club will be receiving routine exterior maintenance through 2027, but the Stormalong Bay Mini Water Park will still be open, and that's really what matters. remember it went through its huge refurb last year. And finally, at least for now, until another hotel decides it's ready for a makeover, Fort Wilderness's Meadow Swimming Pool area is currently in upgrade mode, but we're not really sure when all that upgrading is going to wrap up. So, we'll fill you in once we learn more. Whenever it does wrap, this expanded area will include a new zero entry pool, a full deck, and even pickle ball courts. The good news, Fort Wilderness pools are not closed while all this construction is going on, but seating will be more limited around the pool area and construction might be kind of unsightly there for a while. Okay, here's the thing. It's not just the Disney hotels experiencing lots of construction in 2026. It's the parks, too, right? And with all that construction comes a lot of push back from guests questioning whether 2026 is really the right year to lock in a dream Disney World vacation. But of course, Disney wants you to think this is your year, which is why they're going to entice you with some really stellar discounts on the special offers page right now. Think you can be persuaded if the price is right? Here are some of the most recent discounts you can apply to your 2026 vacation right now. You can save up to 25% on hotel rooms this spring and 30% on rooms this summer. You can save up to 250 per night on a 4night, 4-day room and ticket package. That's for nights up to July 25th. And here's the big one for a lot of folks. You can add a free dining plan for kids ages 3 to 9 for any travel dates in 2026 with the purchase of a vacation package and adult dining package of course. Then yes, this kids eat free deal can be combined with other discount opportunities, which is a huge deal. Now, word of warning, always be sure to read that fine print before completely committing to a discount. Sometimes these sorts of deals might not be as good for select resorts or they might not apply to certain hotel rooms whatsoever. Not to mention, some discounts will naturally save you more than others. You just have to do some number crunching on your end to figure out which ones truly are the best of the bunch. Or if you don't want to do any of that, you can reach out to a reliable travel agent. You know that we always use the folks from Small World Vacations. cuz I have met every single one of those agents and they're all wonderful and they can do some really heavy lifting for you when it comes to what discounts are going to be best. So, I'm going to link their info down in the description just in case you want to reach out for a free quote. Now, if you're not convinced that 2026 is going to be your year to hit up the Disney World parks and you'd rather wait to go visit in 2027 when maybe things are a little less construction while heavy, there is one hotel you'll definitely want to be cautious about booking. The Boardwalk In. because of how much construction Boardwalkin is expected to get in 2027. Disney World's actually even warning guests about it now so they aren't shocked by all the refurbishments coming next year. We have confirmed that the following will be closed for routine maintenance at Boardwalk in starting January 11th of 2027 and lasting until April of 2027. The Luna Park pool, the Luna Park crazy play area, and the Leaping Horse Libations Pool Bar. The quiet pools will still be available to take a dip in during this time, but the feature pool will be down for the count. And that's all on top of the things that are already closed that we mentioned earlier, like Jelly Rolls, Big River Grill, oh, and the Prominade Fine Art Gallery. That place closed last year, and it was very cute, so we hate to see it go. There's a high chance that any or all of these vacant buildings could see their own fair share of construction either this year or the next. But that's not all. Disney's Boardwalk Inn is located in the Epcot area near the Skyliner. And yet, the Skyliner is going to be closed from January 24th to January 30th of 2027. So, if that lands smack dab in the middle of your trip, buses and boats will still be available to take you from the Epcot area hotels to Hollywood Studios. It just might take you a little bit longer to get there than it would have with the Skylliner handy. So, budget in that extra travel time in your schedule. So, change is inevitable, especially on the Disney World scene, but we'll always be here to help you navigate even the biggest of changes inside the most magical place on earth and the happiest place on earth if you're on the West Coast. Now, if you're ready to keep learning about Disney World's hotel scene, go ahead and check out one of our other recent resort videos, like the best Disney World hotels in 2026 and which to avoid. And don't forget to pick up our free Disney hotel guide if you haven't already at disneyfoodblog.com/hot. We go through the pros and cons for every single Disney World hotel. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real soon.
