---
video_id: XWSmx2ziKVY
channel: DFBGuide
title: "How to Avoid Bad Food at Disney World"
published: 2026-03-10
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWSmx2ziKVY
---
You did not come all this way to Disney World to spend all this money just to have bad food. That's unacceptable. And we're putting a stop to it right now. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. So just because you're paying for food in the Disney World bubble doesn't mean you're automatically guaranteed to get good food. There are hundreds of places to dine and snack and drink all around Disney World property, and not all of them are going to hit it out of the ballpark. So, today, I'm going to steer you away from any foods that you might regret purchasing, and show you how to track down the stuff that'll make you nostalgic for another bite long after your trip is over. That's why you rely on us, right? We're in the parks every single day eating this food all the time, and we're going to make sure you know the right stuff to spend your money on. First up, I think is something nobody really talks about, but is very, very important cuz you know what? It's expensive. Disney World's got some good buffets. And they have some really good buffets like Bulma at Animal Kingdom Lodge, 1900 Park Fair at Grand Fidian, Beer Garden at Epcot, Tusker House in Animal Kingdom. But even a really good buffet can be diminished just by timing your visit badly. When a buffet is getting ready to close, so we're talking the last hour or less of the night, cast members are going to stop restocking those buffet lines with super fresh stuff since they're wrapping up with their final tables of the night and they're getting ready to start cleaning up the kitchen in the back. So, you might not have as fresh of the food to pick out on your buffet line in that last hour or so of operations. and we're just giving you this information not because we think that Disney is trying to trick you or anything, but because we've gone to lots of buffets late at night, like right before they close, and this is the experience we've had. So, try to hit a buffet at least 2 hours before it closes in order to guarantee you get the freshest stuff. Now, here's the other side of that point. because food demand isn't as high, then the demand for the meet and greet characters isn't as high late at night either. If you're at a buffet with character dining, that is. So, if character interactions are more of what you're after, then a late night dining reservation for a buffet could be a whole lot less busy and should give you more interaction with the characters, sometimes even all of the characters at once because there's no one else for them to hang out with. So, they might just all come over to your table and mass. That's happened to me before and it's pretty fun. Now, piggybacking off of that last point, I understand that sometimes we choose Disney World restaurants more for the overall atmosphere or experience or storytelling instead of the food quality. That's totally fine. I do that all the time. But just be aware that some of Disney's highly themed restaurants might ask you to make that choice. Cinderella's Royal Table in Magic Kingdom is a pretty good example of this. While the food here is not bad by any means, it certainly isn't good enough to be worth $89 per adult. Instead, that $89 is going more towards the fact that you're dining inside the actual Cinderella Castle and meeting a whole lot of Disney princesses while you're there. Hoop-doo musical review is another solid example. I'm not saying that the all you care to enjoy fried chicken and fixings and sangria if you're 21 and over isn't enjoyable, but the reason you're paying $70 to $78 per adult isn't for five-star cuisine. It's for the theater experience. Now, I will say Disney does have a few restaurants that really go above and beyond with theming and food quality. If you're looking for the best of both worlds, this includes the Jungle Cruise themed Skipper Canteen in Magic Kingdom, the Snow White and Friends character dining experience at Artist Point and Wilderness Lodge, the high-end dining and private balcony for fireworks views at California Grill and Contemporary Resort, and the slowly rotating dining room, plus character meet and greet experience at Garden Grill in Epcot. one of my probably my favorite character meet and greet as a lot of you know since you listen to me talk about it all the time but garden grill can't be beat when it comes to not crowded great food and a lot of character interaction with Mickey Mouse himself okay might be a little on the nose with this one probably oh well the reason I started Disney food blog over 16 years ago yes that I that was a long time ago was because of this very topic. I would go online trying to plan out my Disney World dining itinerary and I'd always come up with a whole lot of nothing. Disney didn't even post menus back then. Nobody posted pictures of the food. Remember, Instagram didn't even exist. That meant I was going to the parks totally blind when it came to food. And I was buying park eats and just crossing my fingers that I wouldn't absolutely hate it. Obviously, that's different now. Lots of people enjoy putting up their reviews of Disney food on social media, and Disney's a lot better about updating all their different online menus, but if you're on the hunt for reliable, honest, and unbiased opinions about every single Disney World restaurant multiple times a year, the DFB team and I have been able to try them all, even the brand new ones, regularly, so we can tell you exactly what our experience is and what restaurants might be a better fit for some versus others, cuz they're not going to be a one-sizefits-all. all by any means. So, here's what we're going to do. If you're ready to really take a deep dive into all of Disney World's different restaurants and snack locations, head to dfbstore.com after this and pick up our official DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining. And don't forget to type in code YouTube for an extra discount. Or if you're not ready to spend any money just yet, that's okay. We've also got a free mini guide that talks about our personal top 10 Disney World restaurants across the parks. And it also includes the Disney Springs shopping district and the hotels. So, if you need a little springboard to kickstart your research, you can pick that up now by scanning the QR code you see on the screen or clicking on the for Disney foodblog.com/top restaurants after this. You're going to hear me say this a lot today. Do your research cuz you don't want to wait until your whole group is hangry to start making decisions about food. Believe me, I can't tell you how many people have said to me that they believe Magic Kingdom food is just bad. And when I ask where they went, they're like, "Oh, I just chose whatever the nearby available now button on the My Disney Experience said and selected the fast food option." Sometimes that works in your favor. I mean, a stopped clock is right twice a day, right? And yeah, I wish the last minute options always worked in your favor because life would be easier that way. But just to give you an example here, if the first option that pops up for you is Pinocchio Village House in Fantasy Land and you've got a plant-based eater in your group, I can tell you that our vegan reporters on the DFB team have not had great experiences with the plant-based cheese pizza here. And yet, that's really the only plant-based thing you can get. Or if the first option that pops up is Cosmic Ray Starlight Cafe in Tomorrowland. I mean, that is great if you're looking for staple theme park hockey puck burgers, but maybe not so great if you are hoping for something a little more adventurous. Now, trust me when I say it's better to line up your dining options ahead of time instead of blindly relying on whatever you come across as soon as you get hungry. So, research different restaurants before your trip. Grab advanced dining reservations starting 60 days out from your visit for the table services that your family can agree on. And once you get in line for the first ride of the day, start scheduling your mobile order on the My Disney Experience app for your lunch or whatever other quick service or fast food you're going to get. That way, when it's getting close to your mobile order pickup time, you can start heading to that general area a little earlier to hit up one or two more attractions nearby before it's time to grab your food and chow down. Please, please, please use our hard work in the parks, eating everything and making sure you know the pros and cons so that you're not wasting a bunch of money when you get to Disney World. If you watch our best things to eat in Disney World 2026 video, it's going to be completely different from our best things to eat in 2023 video or 2024 or even last year. And that's not just because entre and snacks come and go, though that's definitely a big part of it, but also because restaurants can change in quality overall. So, what was tasty and consistent before could have hit a snag in recent months. I haven't said this in a while here on DFB Guide, but the only consistent thing about Disney World restaurants is that they're inconsistent. They change menus all the time. They change chefs all the time. The staff changes all the time. So, you really don't know what you're going to get, even if you've been there before. Now, take Ohana over at Polynesian Village Resort. Ohana used to always appear toward the top of our must eat lists. But lately, our visits and the visits of a lot of our readers and viewers and followers have been a whole lot more inconsistent. Sometimes the food and service is still spot-on, just like Days of Y. But other times we find the quality of the items a little bit lacking, which is super disappointing because it's really expensive and hard to get a reservation for. So you'll see me recommending maybe Wulu Bar and Grill or even Ohana's Attached Tamboo Lounge instead of Ohana just to make sure you get the best possible experience. Now, on the flip side, sometimes Disney restaurants that we haven't recommended in the past have suddenly started popping up on our radar, like Sebastian's Beastro at Caribbean Beach Resort. Now, I've never really been a fan of Caribbean Beach food, except for the apps and drinks over at Banana Cabana, but I don't know y'all, Sebastian's has really been stepping up its game lately, and it's super inexpensive, so it's basically a great deal. Not only is this the most affordable all you care to enjoy familystyle restaurant on property. It's only $39 per adult, but the Taste of the Caribbean entree is filling and flavorful and has lots of unique options that'll satisfy adventurous eaters without being so unique it'll steer off the pickier folks. Not to mention, the coconut pineapple bread pudding offered for dessert is near identical to the one you get over at Ohana, which is one of our favorite things to eat there. And some of our DFU reporters like Sebastian's version even better. So, keep up to date on the reviews. Make sure that you're reading recent info from the last year or two. Make sure that you're also, if you're interested, reading all of our old reviews, too, so you can sort of see how things have changed over the years. Okay, remember that hockey puck burger I talked about before? Yeah, I'm not here to spread stereotypes because not all Disney food is the same quality and experience across every single restaurant. Like I said, inconsistency. That's the name of the game around here. So, let's talk about a few classic theme park food options and where we prefer to order them on property. Starting with burgers. That only seems fair cuz I've already sort of started talking about them. There are two burgers I've been hyping up lately. The first takes me back to Wulu Bar and Grill over there at Polynesian Village Resort. This is the Wavefinder Burger. It's two pressed patties, American cheese, onion jam, and volcano sauce on a sweet bun served with your choice of mac salad or sweet potato fries. This has a made from scratch taste that you just can't get from a pre-made patty. And it is all the flavors melt together beautifully. And ever since Steakhouse 71 over at the Contemporary Resort has been open, so since 2021, I've been a big fan of their stack burger. The Stack Burger has an additional layer of pork belly that adds a salty richness to things. It's got this incredible aioli. And if you're looking for cheese, there's waterfalls of cheese dripping between the patties and the buns on this one. So so good. Now in the wonderful world of pizza, Vianapoli inside Epcot serves up those giant pizzas made in massive wood ovens. Rarely will you see us come here without ordering the classic pepperoni because Vianapoli does pepperonis the way the good Lord intended with those crispy greasy cups. But I also really love the Quattro Formagi here. I think it's great. And everybody's got their favorites from Vianapoli. The brick oven crusts for these pizzas are thin but not so thin that they crunch like a chip, right? They're still soft and hold the ingredients well. Meanwhile, over at Amaree, inside the Swan Reserve Hotel, you can order flatbreads for lunch. And my favorite of the flatbreads is the Amaree flatbread made with leak, potato, lardon, roasted black pepper, and griier. This is made with authentic flavors that complement each other nicely. It reminds me of when I used to live in Switzerland. Now we get flam and cush and it was so so good. The flatbread crust is just thin enough to not be overpowering. Thick enough to hold all the ingredients without getting soggy. 10 out of 10. wood flatbread. Again, I know this is a little bit of a trick for most folks to get over there and especially to get over there at lunch, but if you do happen to be in Epcot, this is a great little escape. Go try that flatbread if you can. Looking for the best fries in Disney World? I know some of y'all in the comments have been asking. Personally, I enjoy the fries that come as a choose your own sauce adventure sort of ordeal. Also, picking them up at places like Regal Eagle Smokehouse and Epcot or Deluxe Burger in Disney Springs, which both have those self-s served sauce pumps, make the overall fry experience a whole lot more fun for me. Also, the fact that Bourbon Steak by Michael Mina inside the Dolphin section of the Swan and Dolphin Resorts has a fry service that comes out before your meal. Yep, three different fry baskets with three different dipping sauces for free as part of your meal is such a trend setting behavior. More restaurants should have free fry service, please. But if you're on the hunt for loaded fries, where to begin? Flameree Barbecue in Animal Kingdom has French fries with pulled pork and cheese, which I have deemed as my birthday fries because I order them anytime I'm in Animal Kingdom on or near my birthday. And for something a little more high-end, you got to give it up to Lelier Steakhouse in Epcot for its signature poutine. made with hand cut palm fruits, cheese, curds, cheddar, and cabernet demi, which I know doesn't sound like real poutine, which it's not. I get it. It's not your classic Canadian poutine, but it is so incredibly delicious. The flavor in that cabernet demi, amazing. Anyway, there are tons of other loaded fries. Disney just announced like seven or eight of them last year that they brought to a bunch of different restaurants. So, you're going to see those loaded fry options on several of the counter service menus. these days. I'm not afraid to admit how much I love Disney World chicken tenders. I love them so much, we've even got a chicken tenders t-shirt for sale at dfbstore.com. Yes, the devotion to Disney chicken tenders is strong. One of my favorite places to order a chicken tender basket inside the parks is over at Backlot Express in Hollywood Studios. Even though they took away the giant cups of plastic cheese sauce here, which I'm still a little bit salty about, the barbecue sauce at Backlot is fine. So, I just go with that instead. I also like ordering chicken tenders at Cosmic Ray Starllight Cafe because what they lack in burger quality, they make up for in chicken strip quality. But Cosmic Rays right now has these new saucy Buffalo chicken strips with ranch seasoning that I will admit, I braved the Magic Kingdom crowds just to eat those when they were released. No new Buffalo chicken snack goes untasted in my book. And honestly, I would eat those like every single day if I could. For a different type of fast food chicken tender experience that's outside the parks, I definitely recommend Chicken Guy in Disney Springs. The tenders are hand pounded to maximize crunch and brined in lemon juice, pickle brine, and buttermilk, and infused with herbs. I actually like Chicken Guy so much that I've been known to order it in New York City as well. So, that's, you know, that's saying something. Now, we've got a whole video out right now ranking the best breakfasts in Disney World. So, I totally recommend checking that out when you get the chance. It's a really good one. But just to shout out a few of the options that were mentioned in that video, for quick services, we enjoy the morning Ronto Wraps over at Ronto Roasters in Hollywood Studios, which is a PA filled with scrambled eggs, grilled pork sausage, shredded cheese, and a delicious peppercorn sauce. And we also like good old warm cinnamon roll from Gaston's Tavern in Magic Kingdom for something a little sweeter to start off your day. When it comes to table service, I'd highly recommend checking out the breakfast menus for places like Garden Grill in Epcot for character dining, Bulma at Animal Kingdom Lodge for a breakfast buffet, and Ale and Compass over at Yach Club for a morning meal that will really, really be worth your money. Now, how about we wrap this section of the video up talking about dessert, or more specifically, ice cream. Lots of ice cream can be found all around Disney World. But if you ask the DFB team, where we prefer to pick up a cold sweet treat on a hot day, we're likely to recommend Lardis Glass in Epcot, Beaches and Cream, or even the Beaches and Cream to-go window at Beach Club and Plaza Ice Cream Parlor in Magic Kingdom. So, here's the cool thing about mobile ordering from a Disney quick service. Before you place an item in the cart, you can see a picture of it next to its description. That way you get a better idea of what you're about to get. Is the pizza gonna have thin or puffy crust? Is that sandwich served on white or wheat bread? Is that mac and cheese made with yellow or white cheese sauce? But just because Disney's showing you a picture of what the food is supposed to look like doesn't always mean your food is going to come out looking identical. I mean, this is why I started Disney Food Blog in the first place, y'all. I wanted to see what I was actually going to get when I went to a Disney restaurant and not Disney's sort of mocked up stylized version of it. So, yeah, Disney's got food stylists that help them spruce up those items to make them look picture perfect. And sometimes it takes them hours to take those pictures. They're not going to show you what a food actually looks like when it's being served in a microwave tray like we've experienced over at Pizzaari in Animal Kingdom. Or when a new moose dessert comes out looking super melty like we experienced a few summers back with the limited time Mike Wazowski cake from the lunching pad in Magic Kingdom. Oo, ouch. Even Epcot festival items get spruced up on their menus outside the food booths, which is why the deconstructed key lime pie from Festival of the Arts this year was a little bit of a shock. Look, here's the picture Disney advertised, and this is what we got. It almost looks like a giant runny egg with cardboard pieces. And that's another reason why you should stick with us here at DFB. Whether you're looking at our digital guides or you're checking out our social media or you're reading up on the latest food reviews, we're going to give you pretty food pictures to look at, but we're also going to give you realistic food pictures to help set your expectations for what the entre and snacks are actually going to look like when you get them. Obviously, there are a ton, and I mean a ton of caveats to this point, but in general, dining at Disney World's hotels, as well as around the Disney Springs Shopping District, will provide you with a better chance of better quality food. Do I love Disney theme park food? Yes, absolutely. Epcot especially is a hub for unique and flavorful international cuisine. But at the end of the day, the theme parks are still theme parks. So, some theme park restaurants might feel like you're being a little bit rushed. Some entre might feel a little more hit and miss, especially during peak dining times. And some restaurants might add in an extra layer of stress to your meal. Like again, when you show up to a quick service location during peak lunch and dinner time and cannot find an open seat anywhere, I have literally seen people sitting on the floor. However, if you have time to step outside the parks for a bit of a break, you might find a Disney meal that has a better track record. Let me show you what I mean. GO at Animal Kingdom Lodge is an African folklore themed restaurant with a romantic atmosphere and a unique selection of flavorful African entre plus an extensive list of wine pairings. Cake Bake Shop at Boardwalkin opened towards the end of 2024 and is the jack of all trades restaurant. Not only does it offer breakfast, lunch, and dinner, but it also has an attached to-go bakery, high society tea parties, a champagne bar, and lots and lots and lots of edible glitter. Raglin Road in Disney Springs is a cozy authentic Irish pub. And by cozy, I mean a huge one. So, it's not that authentic, but it's as authentic as it can be while being massive, featuring Irish food that's hearty and high quality and interesting. Plus, live music and Irish dancing happens on the main stage from time to time. And one more for now. Homecoming, also in Disney Springs, serves farm to fork fidian inspired cuisine that captures homestyle cooking, similar to what you might get at a place like Cracker Barrel, except totally better. And yet, each entree, appetizer, and dessert is elevated in unique ways to make each classic comfort dish feel like a culinary extravaganza. Am I saying that the Disney hotel restaurants and Disney Springs restaurants are perfect? No. But if someone's going to say to me, "Hey, if you could only ever eat in the theme parks or in Disney Springs and the hotels for the rest of your life, which one would you choose?" I would always choose Springs and the hotels. I just feel like I have better experiences at those restaurants on a regular basis. They've got slightly more consistent food quality. They provide fewer crowds, especially during the day. Now, that's not true of Disney Springs on weekend evenings. Let me just say that right now. And they tend to feel a little more relaxed and have better chances of last minute seats. So you don't have to be stuck wandering around aimlessly, quick service tray in hand, letting your food get colder and colder the longer you walk around trying to find a free table and then end up just sitting on the literal ground. Okay, your PTA bestie means well. And between trying to plan events and bake sales to promote the latest school fundraiser, she really does want to help you with your Disney World plans cuz she was there with her kiddos last summer after all. But whatever your bestie tells you are the best places to go in Disney, make sure to listen and nod and take it all with a grain of salt. And say it with me, do your research. I said it earlier on, no Disney World is a one-sizefits-all experience. So, if your bestie tells you that the greatest place to eat breakfast in Magic Kingdom is Crystal Palace, but your kiddos are terrified of meeting characters, especially giant bears and tigers, then it might be the best place for your besties kids, but it isn't the best place for yours. And if she tells you that Coral Reef restaurant isn't worth your time, but your kiddos absolutely love aquariums, then you might have potentially missed out on what could have been your family's favorite meal of the trip. though I'm kind of with your bestie on this one cuz Coral Reef isn't my personal favorite either, but still aquariums. Very cool. That's why when we're working on writing or editing our DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining as well as any of our other dining reviews on Disney Food Blog, we will always tell you about our personal experience, but we'll also tell you which groups of people would probably prefer eating at these locations versus others. because it's best to know about a restaurant fully instead of relying on your PTA bestie telling you her very black and white reviews again. We've been everywhere in Disney World multiple times and we go back many times a year and our goal isn't to tell you what's good or bad. Our goal is to tell you what it's like so that you can figure out if it's the best place for you. Sometimes it's less about the quality of the food and more about how much you're spending on food that tends to leave a bad taste literally in your mouth. What makes it even worse is when you find out you can get similar items for cheaper someplace else. So for example, Be Our Guest restaurant in Magic Kingdom. Definitely one of those dining experiences that's more about the atmosphere and the novelty of dining inside the beast's castle than it is about the food. Because while the French cuisine can be pretty tasty, it definitely falls flat when you realize you just paid $72 for it. And yet over at Chef's Def France in Epcot, you can get sitdown French cuisine that I tend to prefer over Bur Guest's options for a whole lot cheaper, too, since you can buy each app entree and dessert per item instead of per person. Some of the higher-end restaurants with pre-fixed menus might have attached lounges that allow you to purchase select apps and bites as an alloc cart option instead of getting everything for a set price. Space 220 in Epcot is one of the best examples of this. While Space 220 costs you $55 per adult for lunch and $79 per adult for dinner, the Space 220 lounge sells flight bites that are all under 30 bucks each. So, by choosing the lounge over the main dining room, you're still getting space 220 food and that outer space atmosphere to go along with it, which you cannot see unless you have a reservation there, but for like $50 less. And hey, look, I get it. Booking a breakfast buffet for the endless Mickey waffles is an absolute delight. But there are so many cheaper places where you can pick up Mickey waffles for a morning meal that don't require you to book a full-on buffet, like Fairfax Fair and Hollywood Studios, as well as most resort quick services with breakfast menus on offer. Okay, time to get controversial. There are a few select Disney table service restaurants where the desserts are delightful, like Liberty Tree Taverns ooey gooey toffee cake. I should talk about that in every single video. House of Blues Bread Pudding, one of my favorites. and of course the cake bake shops giant cake slices. But when it comes to most table service locations on property, if dessert doesn't already come with your meal, I'd kind of hold off on splurging for that sweet treat until after you've left the restaurant, cuz a lot of Disney's sit-down restaurants have desserts that aren't going to hold a candle to Disney locations that specialize in dessert. Hopefully, you're not sick of the video recommendations yet because we've got another video on the channel now that talks about the best desserts on Disney World property. But if you want a little sample of what different things we recommend, here are a few we shout out in that video. The half-pound cookies over at Gideon's Bake House in Disney Springs, the pretzel bread pudding at Summerfest in Epcot, that's a must get. the pineapple crisp sundae at Tamu Tamu Refreshments at Animal Kingdom and had to squeeze this into the video somewhere. My glorious, beautiful carrot cake cookie at Trolley Car Cafe in Hollywood Studios. Oh, and did I mention the caramel cush deliciousness over there in Epcot? Please go get a whole bunch of that. Now, your particular family or travel group might be made up of a lot of different pallet preferences. Like your dad's more of a carnivore and your mom's an herbivore, or your sister really likes seafood, but your brother won't even look at seafood. Or cousin Freddy likes anything that resembles a Mickey De's cheeseburger, but Aunt Susan wants something way more internationally inspired because she is a woman of culture after all. Now, there are two solutions for this dilemma. One, your group can split up for a little bit if you're able to, so that everyone can get what they want instead of having to settle for something that doesn't settle with them. Or two, if you don't want to split up the group or you can't because the group is filled with littles, then find a restaurant that offers a big variety of options instead of locking in on a restaurant that specializes in something specific. Often this means tracking down food court style restaurants like you'll find across many of the Disney World resorts, specifically over at Value and Moderate Level Resorts or even Sunshine Seasons in Epcot. As far as table service goes, perhaps a buffet is going to be your best option. Buffets definitely aren't everyone's cup of tea, but there's no denying that the options are vast and liable to satisfy picky eaters and possibly adventurous eaters alike. Okay, you hear that? No. Oh, must be my stomach growling then. That tends to happen after Disney World videos, which we make a lot of, like all the time. So, if you're ready for more Disney food chitchats and recommendations, check out one of our most popular snack videos at the moment, the best Disney World snacks for 2026. And don't forget to download our free Disney World top restaurants guide over at disneyfoodblog.com/toprest. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog and I'll see you real soon.
