---
video_id: oGfZwKwVQjc
channel: DFBGuide
title: "The ULTIMATE Guide to Disney California Adventure in 2026"
published: 2026-01-20
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oGfZwKwVQjc
---
Brand new Disney offerings, the best things to do in every Disney California adventure area, and a big old Q&A for the grand finale to help you figure out the tough stuff. Today's DCA Ultimate Guide video isn't just going to be a whole lot of fun. It could also be the most important video you click on leading up to your big trip. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. 2026 is a giant year for Disney. Lots of celebrations, lots of new offerings, and oh yeah, a heap of construction to look out for, too. But in today's Disney California Adventure ultimate guide, we're going to make sure you've got the full rundown of what you need to prioritize in this park and what you should expect when it comes to Disney California Adventures latest offerings and unfortunately closures, too. Okay, what's the latest in California Adventure? Is DCA going to look unrecognizable in 2026 due to its newness and closures and all that jazz? No. But there are still new things you need to be on the lookout for here regardless since they will impact your future visit. Disneyland's 70th anniversary celebrations, for example, are still going strong across all of Disneyland property and will continue to do so until about August 9th, 2026. So, you've got a good chunk of time to go out and see all the festivities before they disappear. In DCA, 70th anniversary offerings include stuff like World of Color Happiness, the limited time overlay to the popular nighttime show inspired by Walt Disney's famous words on opening day. To all who come to this happy place, welcome. Disney Junior Mickey Mouse Clubhouse Live is a new show featuring upbeat original songs and interactions for the little ones alongside appearances from popular Disney characters like Mickey and Minnie. The [snorts] exclusive Toy Story Midway Mania overlay is where you're going to earn extra points on board the ride for blasting the shiny 70th stickers. Special character meet and greets include Rex from the Toy Story franchise. Exterior lighting and projections on the Carth restaurant each evening further the celebrate happy mantra. And of course, lots of specialty menu items and merchandise to pick up, but only during all the 70th anniversary shenanigans. They just announced like 90 brand new menu items about a week ago, too. No new rides are opening in DCA for 2026, at least as far as we're aware of right now, unless Disney's got something big hiding up their sleeve that they're not ready to reveal just yet. That being said, Saurin is going to feel like a new ride during the second half of the year, cuz starting on July 2nd, Saurin Around the World will take a back seat to Saurin Across America. It's going to debut just in time for the Fourth of July celebrations in the park. We don't know just yet what's going to be featured during this new flying theater experience, but we do know the new show will celebrate America's 250th anniversary by flying over the country's most recognizable cityscapes and natural beauty. All right, I've held off long enough. Now, it's time for the sad news. [gasps] Mike and Sully to the rescue will be permanently closing in early 2026. So, like really soon to make way for the brand new Avatar Land slated to break ground this fall. Much like many of Disney's plans lately, we're sad to see this go. This is very bittersweet news, but we are excited for what the future of DCA holds. Just ignore my hiccuping sobs if they surface anytime I talk about the loss of this sweet little dark ride because Monsters Inc. everything is near and dear to my heart. Much like a big chunk of Disney World, Disney California Adventure is going to have a lot of different construction projects starting up this year. In addition to Avatar Land, DCA is also going to be working on the expansion of Avengers Campus, which will add two new Avengers themed rides to the park and a Coco themed boat ride. The bad news, you're probably not going to be able to experience any of these for a good long while since they've all still got a ways to go. So, I'd bet money or at least a dole whip that the Avengers campus attractions are going to be hitting the scene first whenever their opening dates are finally announced. The good news, aside from losing Mike and Sully's ride this year and losing the red car trolley last year, the rest of the attractions around DCA should be unaffected by all the construction starting up. So, if you're planning a 2026 visit, don't stress about it completely being walled up. You should still be able to hit up the hottest offerings around DCA, but we'll keep you updated if Disney tells us otherwise. Now, lots of Disneyland changes means that we've made some big adjustments to our free Disneyland guide recently. So, if you need to pick up the updated version of Three Perfect Days in Disneyland, go ahead and scan the QR code you see on the screen now or click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/dland plans after this. And we'll send you our springboard itineraries for these parks, as well as a comparison guide to show you the key differences between a trip to Disneyland on the West Coast and a trip to Disney World on the East Coast. Okay, time to start making our way around Disney California Adventure and exploring all the key components of this place that make it worth visiting. Starting with Buenav Vista Street. Basically, Main Street USA, just the DCA version of it. Buen a Vista Street is themed around the 1920s era of Los Angeles, and it's the first section of Disney California Adventure you'll enter into after going through the park's front gate. Much like Main Street USA, this is where you're going to find a myriad of shopping and dining options, but no major rides. Elias and Co. serves as the park's emporium, so this will be the biggest gift shop you stumble into. Trolley Treats is one of the park's confectionaries, serving up seasonal goodies like the handpulled candy canes around the holidays, as well as a few Disneyland specific sweet treats that I just can't get enough of, like the churro toffee. Oh, and speaking of sweet treats, don't miss out on Clarabel's hand scooped ice creams right next to trolley treats, and it serves up classic and specialty sundaes. But my favorite thing to order at Clarabel's are the customizable hand dipped ice cream bars. Julius Cats and Sons has got your assortment of Disney pins and home decor. And the Kingswell shop is more about the Disney swag, clothing, accessories, embroidered Mickey ears. Oswalds is cute, mainly for the picture op and for Disney fans to point and say, "Yay, Oswald representation." But otherwise, it's a pretty tiny gift shop. When it comes to dining, your featured restaurant is going to be Cara Circle. This restaurant's building is inspired by the theater where Walt Disney's first featurelength animated film, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, had its premiere. Here you can enjoy Southern California inspired cuisine and specialty cocktails, either inside the main dining room area or outside in the covered lounge area. other lounge area. [laughter] Anyway, the outside covered lounge area will give you a specialty alfresco menu to choose from. Now, hidden gem in the main dining room, lunch serves up a seasonal two course prefix menu, while dinner is more allocart. And hey, don't leave the area without meeting a Disney character or two. Fab Five friends like Mickey Mini and the gang frequent this section of the park quite a bit. And sometimes you'll see rare appearances from other Disney pals like Oswald and Clarabel Cow. I mean, both of them do have shops on this strip, so it only seems they should pay him a visit now and then. Also, check your Disneyland app the day of your visit to see which characters will be making their rounds through Buen a Vista Street while you're there. Hot tip, the Disneyland app will also let you know when Streetphere is going to be happening around Buenav Vista. Keep a lookout for appearances from pop-up musical groups like Philly and Five and Dime. [snorts] There's one more thing I want to mention before we move on, but this isn't exactly inside Bu Vista. If you keep going straight down the street, you're going to wind up in this tiny park section called Performance Corridor, which doesn't have a whole lot going on, but it's still worth mentioning since this is the place where you're going to find wine country trateria restaurants, a sit-down spot serving Mediterranean California cuisine, as well as the Magic Key Terrace, a spot exclusively dedicated to Disneyland Resort Magic Key passholders and their guests. This one's located on the terrace above Wine Country Trateria. It's a colorful carnival of Pixar pals, and who wouldn't have fun [clears throat] here? If it's been a hot minute since your last visit to DCA, Pixar Pier replaced the previous Paradise Pier area back in 2018. But replacing it doesn't mean it got rid of those iconic rides you maybe used to love back in the Paradise Pier days. Instead, the main coaster in Ferris wheel here received big Pixar themed overlays. So, now you can experience the high-speed launching and loop-de-looping of Incredic Coaster and the big, bright, bold, colorful, and slightly traumatizing Pixar Palaround. Now, here's a very, very hot tip. There are two distinct lines for the Pixar Palaround Ferris wheel. One for the swinging gondilas and one for the stationary gondilas. If you feel like the folks in your group are going to hate being slung around at the top of a ferris wheel, it's probably best you pay attention to what line you're entering into so you don't accidentally end up in the wrong gondola and just fighting for breath the whole time. Okay, not to sound cliche, but there's something for everyone here. So, if you're not big into the big thrills, you can always take things nice and easy with a ride on Jesse's Critter Carousel or Inside Out Emotional Whirlwind or Toy Story Midway Mania. Unless pointc scoring blaster games are not nice and easy for you. And if that's the case, then well, prepare to work up a sweat on Midway Mania. Speaking of competing for honor, glory, and bragging rights, this section of the park is also where you're going to find the games of Pixar Pier, which feature four classic carnival games inspired by popular Pixar stories like Lal Luna, Bug's Life, Wall-E, and Toy Story. If you win, you'll get a take-home prize. Easy as that. So, if you've been missing the fossil fun games that used to be around in Disney's Animal Kingdom, at least there's some sort of carnival game representation still existing in a domestic Disney park. All that competition is going to work up your appetite. But thankfully, some of the best snacks are in Pixar Pier. Angry Dogs is run by Anger from Inside Out. The angrier the dog you order, the more spice and heat you should expect with each bite. Poultry Palace is a cute little kiosk inspired by Pixar short film Toy Story tune Small Fry. Here you can pick up chicken drumstick boxes as well as those all too controversial jumbo turkey legs that people either hate to love or love to hate or just love to love. I've already professed my love for all things Monsters Inc., so of course I love the adorable snowman frosted treats kiosk and its variety of vanilla snow cap non-dairy soft serve options, aka these are your doe whips. And if you're having a hard time deciding on a single flavor, although I don't know why, because lemon is obviously the best flavor, then you can try a flight of them. Or if you really want to fit in with the aesthetic of the land, then try the Pixar pure frosty parfait made with your choice of lemon, mango, or raspberry soft serve, plus a blue raspberry frozen swirl and a cherry on top. The sweet stuff just keeps getting sweeter over at Bing Bongs, which is DCA's second confectionary, but one with a lot more Inside Out/Pixar inspired treats to choose from, too. Now, Bing Bong Sweet Stuff also sells memory refresher frozen slushies that your kids are absolutely going to love, especially since they're customizable, too. And then you've got Lamplight Lounge, a whole waterfront gastro pub set inside a building that celebrates all things Pixar animation. Lamplight's been making adjustments to its hours and menu offerings lately. So, double check the website and online menu before you book a reservation here just to see what's changed and if it's a must do experience for you. It is for me. I love Lamplight Lounge and I loved Cove Bar and Cove Cafe before. Was not a huge Ariel's Grotto fan, but that's okay. Lamplight Lounge is great and they also brought in all of those secret menu drinks from Cove Bar. So, definitely check those out. If you keep on mossying your way around Paradise Bay, you'll eventually end up at Paradise Garden Park, which is best known for three key things. One, there are a variety of carnival style attractions here, like the Silly Symphony Swings, Goofy Sky School Coaster, which is kind of a wild mouse coaster, Jumping Jellyfish, and the Golden Zephyr. These are super easy to ride back toback without a whole lot of weight times to worry about, unless of course you're visiting during peak season. More on that later on. This is also where you're going to find the Little Mermaid, Ariel's Undersea Adventure Dark Ride, which is essentially the exact same thing as the one over in Magic Kingdom, except for the name. Okay, second key thing that this area of the park is known for. This is where you're going to find the big nighttime spectacular, World of Color Happiness. Now, during the 70th anniversary, you can influence part of the show by voting for which Inside Out emotion, sadness, anger, disgust, or envy, gets a special spotlight in the performance that night. You'll want to enable push notifications and location services for the Disneyland app to place your vote. And the third key thing you want to look for, Paradise Garden is the hub for Disney California Adventures three seasonal festivals. The festival fun for the year begins with the Lunar New Year Festival. 2026 is the year of the horse and Disney California Adventures making its arrival with festive cuisine and entertainment offerings, including special Disney character sightings and Mulan's New Year processional. Several of our DFB team members claim this is the best Disney festival when it comes to food. Maybe even compared to what Epcot offers up with their different fests, [music] which is definitely saying something. Expect to find creative takes on snacks and drinks at the Lunar New Year booths like milk teas and macaroons and noodle bowls and egg rolls and bow buns and more. This festival is taking place in 2026 from January 23rd to February 22nd. The Disney California Adventure Food and Wine Festival is up to bat next, celebrating the bounty of California with food and beverages and special events, including that lovely little seasonal overlay for Saurin, transforming it into the OG Saurin over California just for that festival. Yep, that's right. Saurin's going to have three different versions for you to check out in 2026. So, plan your visit around the version you're most looking forward to seeing. Aside from all the different festival booths, Food and Wine sets itself apart by offering lowcost culinary demonstrations and wine and beverage seminars with Disney chefs and visiting chefs. During these events, you'll receive step-by-step instructions for recipes and techniques from the pros. It's super fun stuff and super inspiring, too. Makes you want to go home and whip something up in the kitchen or join the Great British Bake Off or, you know, something like that. The 2026 Disney California Adventure Food and Wine Festival runs from March 6th to April 27th. It is well worth a visit. They do a phenomenal job at those food booths. And finally, if you're planning on visiting Disneyland during the most wonderful time of the year, the highlight of the season in DCA is the Festival of Holidays. There are a variety of entertainment and food offerings at the Festival of Holidays, celebrating Christmas, Navidida, Diwali, Hanukkah, Quanza, and Three Kings Day. You can even meet the big guy himself, Santa Claus, at Redwood Creek Challenge Trail. Though, once December 25th comes around, Santa Goofy typically takes Santa's place for photos, cuz Santa's a busy guy, and December 25th is kind of a big deal for him. Just saying. It's nice for Goofy to take one for the team. Now, we don't have exact dates for the 2026 2027 Festival of Holidays yet, but the last Festival of Holidays kicked off on November 14th and ran until January 7th. So, we expect a similar timeline for this year's celebration. Hidden gem here. Excited to taste your way around the festival booths? Then definitely invest in a sip and saver pass. The sip and saver pass is a credential which includes six digital coupons, each of which are eligible for one food item or non-alcoholic beverage per credit at the festival booths, as well as select seasonal food items at the additional locations around DCA. Now, here's a bonus hidden gem, and it's something that I want to talk about all the time. Like, this is something that I am forever reminding you of because I think it's so important. You can pay for everything you want at the whole festival at one booth. So, whether you get a sip and saver pass or not, you can order and pay for everything you want to get at the festival at any booth in one place. Just choose a booth, any booth, preferably the one with the shortest line, and order everything you want to try. When you get up to the front of it, the cast member taking your order is going to print out a receipt of all the stuff you ordered from the whole festival. Then all you have to do is bring your receipt over to each respective booth and pick up your items without having to wait and pay for every single one of them individually. I wish Epcot would do this. I don't know why they don't. Alas, please take advantage of it when you are in DCA. [music] Okay. Street food, a big puffy personal healthc care companion, free bread. Yeah, you can catch me spending a good chunk of my day in San Francisco Square. Easy. Similar to how Pixar Pier took over the whole Paradise Pier area, San Francio Square took over what was once the Pacific Warf area in 2023, giving this section of the park a whole big Hero 6 makeover. Fortunately, that makeover didn't impact all the tasty eeries that were already over here. It just kind of added more tasty stuff to the lineup. For example, you've got Ant Cass's Cafe, which is best known for its soups and mac and cheese served up in freshly baked budins bread bowls. Rita's Turbine Blenders offers margaritas and a variety of other icy drinks. The Port of San Francisco is decked out as a multicultural beer garden. The Lucky Fortune Cricery is where you're going to find flavors inspired by Beijing, Seoul, Bangkok, and Tokyo. Casino Cucamonga is a stand with lots of Mexican inspired fair. A cappuccino cart. Give you three guesses what's served here. First two don't count. And finally, the ice cream shop that stood the test of time. Ghirardelli soda fountain and chocolate shop. Now, one of my favorite things to do in San Francisco is visit the working replica of San Francisco's Budin Bakery. Not only can you take a self-guided tour and see for yourself the process behind the making of San Francisco's famous sourdough bread, but you can also try a free sample of all that fluffy KBY goodness, too, before you buy a whole loaf to share or keep to yourself. I'm not going to judge. But that's not all you can do in San Fran Square. You can also shop around in San Francisco Makers Market, a storefront stocked with various knick-knacks and homegoods featuring Baymax and the team. Plus, you can meet Baymax and or Hero 2 over at the Hamada Bot Shop. Hidden gem here. Track down the Baymax shaped snacks hiding around San Francio. You can get a full Baymax loaf of bread or even a little one over at the food and bread cart. And you can get Baymax macaroons, including seasonal varieties at the Lucky Fortune cookery. Just breathe it all in, friends. Grizzly Peak gives you a break from all the in-your-face Disney characters and allows you to embrace a more national park aesthetic instead. I love it over here. Now, there are two main rides in the Grizzly Peak area. The first is Saurin, which as we've already established, will have not just one version for you to anticipate, but three ride versions that'll be making the rounds this year. And then there's Grizzly River Run, a family raft ride that I feel has no middle ground. You either come out of it fairly unscathed or you'll be bathtub soaked and ringing water out of your shirt the rest of the day. But if your kiddo is getting pretty tired of waiting in ride lines, you might also want to take a detour to the Redwood Creek Challenge Trail. Now, this is a big interactive experience that includes lookout towers and bridges and other wilderness themed obstacle courses for kids of all ages to explore. And I love love love that Disney has dedicated an amount of their very small footprint to this because I think it's so important for kids to have places to run around in these parks when they just are need to get some energy out. Right now, hot tip here. DCA's separately ticketed event, OogieOogie Bash, happens on select nights in September and October leading up to Halloween night. During this event, you'll be able to explore interactive trick-or- treat trails, the Frightfully Fun Parade, and the Villain's Grove Maze. Now, the Villain's Grove Maze completely transforms the Redwood Creek Challenge Trail in a super immersive way, filling it with villainous scenes presented through lights and shadows and sounds. It is such a fun option for those who don't really like haunted houses or mazes, but still want to do something interactive along those same sort of lines. Near the trail, you're also going to be able to find a rather unique churro cart, which looks like an adorable retrostyle camper. This is one of my favorite churo carts in all of Disneyland. It even has a license plate that says Churro. And if that's not the cutest thing you've ever seen, then tell me what is. Along with classic churro options, you're going to find fun seasonal varieties of churros here. This is Willies, by the way. I didn't say the name. And before you ask, yes, Disneyland churros tend to taste 10 times better than Disney World churros. And I'm sure a lot of you Disney folks agree with me on that front, too. As far as food's concerned, you don't have a whole lot of options to choose from here, but you do have Smoke Jumpers Grill, which can be a great option for the picky eaters of your group since this one's best known for its theme park staples like burgers and chicken tenders, etc. But if you do decide to visit Smoke Jumpers, take a look at the various flyers posted around the restaurant. One of them is a flyer for a place called Camp Inch, which refers to the summer camp featured in the 1961 Parent Trap film. At the bottom of the flyer, you're going to find a couple more cheeky references to the movie, telling you it's time to switch places and find adventure and encouraging you with one final note. Let's get together. Now, if you thought California only had one Hollywood, you've been punked because there's actually another Hollywood in DCA. And this one has a lot less road rage. Similar to Buenav Vista Street, there aren't any big rides in Hollywood Land, but there sure isn't a lack of entertainment in this section of the park. And the best part about the entertainment here, most of it's indoors, situated in nice, crisp AC. Just one step inside the animation building and you'll see what I mean. There's the Sorcerer's Workshop where you can sketch out your own animations on long strips of paper and watch them come to life within a Zoat trope. There's animation academy where you'll take a short sketch class led by a professional Disney artist to learn how to draw a popular Disney character. Now, FYI, these free sketch classes happen every 30 minutes and tend to feature a new character tutorial each time. So, even if you take a sketch class earlier on in the day, you can always come back later and learn how to draw someone completely new. And then there's Turtle Talk with Crush, which if you've been to Epcot, you already know what this one's like. You get to interact with Crush the Sea Turtle in real time. And if you're lucky, someone in your group might be chosen to be part of Crush's Q&A session. Near the animation building, you'll find one of my favorite gift shops parkwide, the Off-Tage Gift Shop. This place is filled with one-of-a-kind Disney artwork and often features live artists sketching and ready to answer your artsy fartsy questions in shop 2. Another show available in the Hollywood Land area that you might already be familiar with if you're more of a Disney World pro is Mickey's Filler Magic. But if you're new to the Disney scene entirely, Filler Magic is another great experience that hardly ever has a long wait. This is a show filled with 4D whimsy, familiar Disney characters, and immersive moments that'll make you feel directly part of the action. [music] Now, right before you get to Mickey's Filler Magic, make sure to check out the rainbow benches. It's not really the benches themselves that are rainbow. It's the mosaics above the benches. At first glance, all those colors simply look like a work of art, but upon closer inspection, you'll see that the mosaic is actually made up of various colorful trinkets and duads, like silverware and broken mugs and old toys, etc. And it's an underrated picture op for sure. Need a bite to eat to tide you over until your bigger meal later in the day? Award weners fits the bill, offering up gourmet hot dogs and seasonal treats to celebrate the season or the latest Disney movie release. Or if you're on the hunt for a specialty drink, you can find coffee, tea, and smoothies at Schmoozies, as well as extreme refreshers like seasonal lemonades and over-the-top shakes. In the distant future, a Pixar Cars themed area called Piston Peak will open up in Magic Kingdom on the East Coast. But for now, you don't have to sit around and twiddle your thumbs waiting for a Cars Land to show up in a Disney park. There's already one waiting for you in Disney California Adventure, and it is amazing. Cars Land truly does feel like you stepped inside the Cars franchise, right into good old Radiator Springs with Lightning McQueen and Mater and the rest of the four-wheel crew. The big highlight of this area is Radiator Springs Racers, which is so popular that it's the only ride you'll have to purchase a single pass Lightning Lane for if you decide to go the pay to skip the line route, which I'll talk more about towards the end of today's Ultimate Guide. Radiator Springs Racers will take you on a scenic drive through Radiator Springs in your own little sentient convertible, followed by a thrilling race side by side with another car. And yes, the results are different every time. So, the rerideability here is impressive. Unless you're me and you lose literally every single time you ride this ride, which I do. It's [music] insane. Anyway, there are also two flat rides in Cars Land. Mater's Junkyard Jamberee and Luigi's Rollikin Roadsters. Now, during Halloween and Christmas, this whole area of the park receives a major seasonal overlay, which impacts both of the flat rides and their onboard soundtracks, too. Now, I must say I love snacking my way around Cars Land. Are you going to find the best Disneyland food ever here? No. But is it going to be food that's good for the soul? As as Bert from Mary Poppins would say, indubitably. First up, we've got the Cozy Cone Motel, which features five different giant orange traffic cone-shaped snack kiosks. Each one serves up its own snack type. While snack varieties can switch up, currently you're going to find churros at cone 1, ice cream at cone 2, the concoctions at cone 3. This is things like chili, bacon, mac and cheese inside hardy bread cones. They track back to the early sandwiches. And now you can find these bread cones in several Disney parks around the world. Frozen drinks are in cone 4, and unique popcorn flavors are in cone five or popc. Once upon a time, you'd have to order these various snacks from each individual Cone kiosk. But last year, the Cozy Cone Motel upgraded the checkout process. So now you can place orders for any of the food and beverage offerings at the Cozy Cone kiosks from one central location. Or you can just stick with the mobile order option via your Disneyland [music] app. Meanwhile, over at Flo's V8 Cafe, you're going to receive a true Route 66 momand pop diner experience. Expect comfort food like burgers and sandwiches and chicken tenders and shakes served up in a retro looking quick service setting. Basically, it's just the plused up version of Smoke Jumpers Grill. Nothing to write home about really. That being said, starting on January 20th, Flo's V8 Cafe will receive a menu overhaul featuring new items like the Big Dipper cheeseburger with a bunch of plastic cheese, the Winter Circle chicken and waffle, and the tuned up chicken fenders. I cannot wait to try all these. As you're making your way around Radiator Springs and maybe making a few stops inside the various cars themed gift shops while you're at it, be on the lookout for Lightning McQueen and Mater cruising the streets. Now, each evening when the sun sets, the neon lights of Radiator Springs flicker to life. Starting from the courthouse and moving all the way down Route 66. To watch this full lighting progression, you'll want to stand towards the entrance of the land near Sargees Surplus Gift Shop or by Mater's Junkyard Jamberee. Now, bonus. If you've watched the first movie in Pixar's Cars franchise, then you may remember the scene between Filillmore and Sarge, which is where Filmore says, "I'm telling you, man, every third blink is slower." To which Sarge replies, "The 60s weren't good to you, were they?" Now, maybe the 60s weren't good to you either, because if you look up at that traffic light dangling above the road in Cars Land, you will also know that every third yellow blink of that light is just a little bit slower. I love that little detail. Disney Imagineers. And now it's time for some major Marvel action. Avengers Campus is where you're going to have the chance to meet your favorite heroes straight out of the MCU, as well as fight alongside them. Now, like I mentioned before, Avengers Campus is a work in progress, getting ready to be expanded with new rides and experiences pretty soon. But for the time being, there's still two Avengers Campus rides you can add to your DCA itinerary. The first is Guardians of the Galaxy Mission Breakout, which used to be Tower of Terror before it got its Chris Pratt Rocket Raccoon makeover in 2017. Now, you got to go save the Guardians from the Hands of the Collector, all while listening to a random song from the ' 60s, '7s, or 80s. Hot tip, though, if you're visiting DCA around Halloween season, Mission Breakout transforms at night into a much darker version called Guardians of the Galaxy: Monsters After Dark. So, get ready for screo tunes, big old monster chases, a whole new story line, maybe a tiny jump scare thrown in there, too, just to keep you on your toes. I don't know. It's too scary for me. Typically, the regular attraction shuts down at about 400 p.m. so that the necessary changes can be made and it reopens as Monsters After Dark by 5 or just as soon as it's ready. The second ride in Avengers Campus right now is Webslingers: A Spider-Man Adventure. The vibe is similarish to Toy Story Midway Mania in the way that this is another one of those blaster interactive sort of rides, but instead of using a blaster that's attached to your vehicle, you're using your hands to shoot webs just like Spider-Man. FYI, you can upgrade your web slinging game with real web tech accessories found in the web suppliers gift shop. These accessories can be attached to your hand and wrist to help you unlock powerups and special abilities for your next ride through. Again, the meet and greet game is strong in this area. Some of the heroes you could potentially meet during your time here include Iron Man, Black Panther, Captain Marvel, Black Widow, Thor, Doctor Strange, Ant-Man, the Wasp, and several members of the Guardians of the Galaxy. And hey, along with meeting the Avengers, why not see these heroes in action while you're at it? You can check out the Amazing Spider-Man websling his way across those super tall buildings towering above you. Or members of your group could become a fellow warrior alongside the Warriors of Wakanda during the disciplines of the Dora Malaj. Or you could all shake your group thing with the Guardians of the Galaxy during an awesome danceoff, which tends to take place right in front of Mission Breakout. You can find the showtimes for your visit on the entertainment schedule via the Disneyland website and the Disneyland app. You should definitely prioritize seeing Spider-Man because that is a very, very cool robot. Before you leave the area, consider swinging by Py Test Kitchen for a quick bite and drink. It's not every day you get to enjoy a meal affected by PIM particles. Red Pin particles shrink the food and blue pin particles expanded at the Pim Test Kitchen, and that means you can enjoy massive meals, small bites for sharing, experimental beverages, and some sweet treats that are out of this world. Personally, I love the Choco Smash Candy Bar from this place so much. It is the best, probably one of my favorite desserts in [music] Disneyland proper. It is made with dark chocolate and peanut butter. It doesn't say peanut butter on the wrapper, but I swear there's peanut butter in there. Caramel, nougat, and chocolate brownie. It does say it says peanuts on the wrapper, but I think there's peanut butter. It's also served celestial sized, so I guess the blue pim particles got to it first. Pimp Test Kitchen also has an attached bar featuring several fun experimental concoctions as well as a selection of beers that are actually filled from the bottom up. I know it. I know all beers are, but this is weird to watch. Anyway, science. Okay, are you ready to answer those lingering burning questions that you might still be hoping I address before the end of today's ultimate guide? Here we go. Question one, are Lightning Lanes worth it at Disney California Adventure? Just a refresher and to give you the absolute bare bones of lightning lanes. Lightning lanes are what Disney calls their pay to skip the ride line service. More than likely you'll be looking at buying multipass lightning lanes, which on average tends to cost around $35 per person, though it does have the ability to drop or spike depending on demand. For this price, you'll get access to all the lightning lanes across the park. Though you'll only be able to book those lightning lanes one at a time. Single pass and premier pass lightning lanes work differently, but I'll let you read up on those in your own time. Just click on the for our full Disneyland Lightning Lanes post to learn more. So, back to the original question at hand. Are lightning lanes worth it for Disney California Adventure? You certainly don't have to have them to get everything done in DCA, especially if you get to the park ride at rope drop and jump into those uber popular ride lines just as soon as you can. There's also more single rider lines that you'll have access to around DCA, which could potentially help you bypass ride lines, too, for no extra cost. though it will split up your party cuz what they use single rider lines for is to fill in empty seats. That being said, around busier times of year, Lightning Lanes and DCA can help you out a whole lot, especially for the more popular attractions with miserably hot Q lines like Incred Coaster. All in all, I lean towards saying no, you probably don't need to buy Lightning Lanes, but I definitely look at the details of your trip and decide what's the best fit for your group. [music] then I'd absolutely lean more towards yes if you're just spending one day in Disneyland and park hopping between the two parks cuz Lightning Lanes will definitely help you get more done if you're trying to do both parks in one day. Okay, question two. When's the best time to go to DCA? Well, let's talk about the pros and cons. Early winter at the start of the year is fun because you got the super unique Lunar New Year festival to look forward to, but it can also be a little chilly during this time, which might not be the best feeling ever when you're riding outdoor attractions like Incredic Coaster and the Pixar Palound. Springtime comes with spring break crowds and graduation season crowds, too. Each year, DCA throws grad nights on select nights for the current high school graduating classes. While the event itself doesn't kick off till 9:00 p.m., grads might still show up earlier in the day, especially during that 1-hour pre-party mixin. That being said, this is your time to experience the food and wine festival over there in DCA along with all those specialty seminars that come along with it, which can really add a whole lot more value to your day. During summer, the heat kicks up and the festival scene disappears, which is a bummer. But as I mentioned before, if you show up earlier in the day, you can still knock out a lot of stuff before the main crowds show up since this is more of a locals park, meaning crowds don't fully pop off until later afternoon and evening. Crowds also tend to drop down drastically around back to school season, which starts up around mid to late August. In the fall, you might not have a festival included with your general admission price to look forward to, but you can pay for that after hours OogieOogie Bash event either on top of your general admission or instead of your general admission. After all, all the rides around DCA are still open during this after hours event. And since it's capped off at a limited number of guests, you should be able to get on all the rides with much shorter wait times to worry about. No Lightning Lane purchases necessary. Fall is also in Disney California Adventures Dia Deos Muertos Celebration takes place in 2026. Plaza de la Familia will return from August 21st through November 2nd, offering live entertainment featuring the characters from Pixar's Coco, as well as immersive activities, special menu items, novelty souvenirs, and vibrant decorations created to celebrate the everlasting bonds of family and the spirit of the Mexican tradition, the Day of the Dead. And DCA during the holiday season is a blast, especially when the festive offerings kick off. You've got Festival of Holidays happening, which is awesome. But the crowds can start to pick up around this time and temperatures start to drop again. As long as you prepare for the lines and the weather accordingly, you should still be able to have a great time. Any other questions you got about DCA? Let us know in the comments. And be sure to check out some of our other Disneyland specific videos. We've got a 50 new Disneyland tips for 2026 that we just released. And don't forget to pick up that free Disneyland guide for your three perfect days in Disneyland totally updated for this year over at disneyfoodblog.com/dland plans. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Foodlog and we'll see you real soon.
