---
video_id: ny1W2X3l4xg
channel: DFBGuide
title: "EVERY Disney World Hotel in 2026"
published: 2026-04-01
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ny1W2X3l4xg
---
Which Disney World hotel is the right fit for you? Today, we're exploring every single Disney hotel on site, while also giving you the 411 on the best offerings that make each one stand out. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. Now, I don't know where you are on your Disney World vacation planning journey right now, or if you're just here for the vibes, that's cool. But at either rate, welcome. We're glad to have you and we're so excited to take you around all of Disney World's resorts today to help you find your perfect hotel match for whatever upcoming Disney trip, real or imagined, you've got on the horizon. Now, I know we're mainly focusing on 2026 hotel planning today, but how about we take a quick glimpse into the future first. In 2027, Disney World is opening a brand new Disney Vacation Club at DVC Villa called Lakeshore Lodge. But don't stress, anyone can stay there. You don't have to be a Disney Vacation Club member to book a room there. Now, there's a lot of backstory when it comes to Lakeshore Lodge development. But just for the sake of time, let's say that CO had a lot to do with why this resort, which was originally supposed to be called Reflections, a Disney Lakeside Lodge Resort, didn't open in 2022 like it was supposed to. But it seems like we're all back on track now. We've been keeping an eye on the resort construction and also following that awesome pilot and Disney fan bio reconstruct on Instagram and YouTube for more aerial construction updates. And it looks like things are moving right along. But what can we expect from this hotel once it opens next year? What we know so far is that it's going to be, as Disney says, inspired by the majesty of nature and its enduring influence on Disney artists. Super clear, right? Makes lots of sense. Anyway, based on what else Disney's told us, as well as what current construction has shown us, this hotel should have lots of nods to classic Disney films like Bambi, Brother Bear, Pocahontas, and The Princess and the Frog. It'll feature a lazy river around the main pool area, like a big one, a real one, which only one other Disney resort has at the moment, and it's a really teeny tiny one. And there'll be a waterfront restaurant that, you know, the DFB team is going to hit up right on opening day. Much like all the resorts that feature on today's list, anyone is allowed to book a room in any of these. Whether you're a vacation club member, which is Disney's time share program, or not, just be prepared to pay a pretty penny for luxury space and amenities. We're going to continue to keep you updated on the status of this new hotel through our free DFB newsletter. So, be sure to keep an eye out for more construction progress and fingers crossed, an official opening date soon. All right. Ready to dive into the Disney World hotels that exist now? Okay. Me, too. Let's start by talking about Disney's least expensive hotel rooms first. The all-star resorts are actually made up of three different value resorts, each with their own theme. You've got movies, music, and sports. Take your pick. Personally, our favorite of the resort trio tends to be All-Star Music since it's the only hotel of the three that offers up affordable family suite options that start at $400 per night. A family suite sleeps up to six guests, and features two pull down beds in the living room that fold down on top of the couch and table, a separate bedroom with another queen-siz bed, two separate bathrooms, and a kitchenet area with a full-sized fridge. But I'm not going to discount Allstar Movies and Sports. If you're looking for a standard room, these will have you more than covered. Allstar Movies has a unique smart locker feature that's great for families who plan on ordering groceries or package delivery of any kind during their trip. cuz these lockers were made to store your deliveries to keep you from having to wait on a cast member when you want to pick your orders up. And as far as All-Star Sports is concerned, well, it's definitely a popular option for sports groups, that's for sure. But it also might be your best option for transportation convenience out of the three Allstars. The All-Star Resort's only mode of transportation around Disney property is buses. During busier times of day, an all-star bus might stick to servicing just one hotel, but it's not uncommon for one bus to loop around all three hotels before finally making it over to the parks. This loop can change, but more often than not, Allstar Sports tends to be the first resort that a bus will stop at before looping around to the other two, meaning you'll have first dibs on bus seats at the start of the day, and you'll be the first of the folks dropped off at your hotel at the end of the day. Note that when it comes to dining at any of Disney's value resorts, you'll only have one food court to choose from. But the food courts do provide a variety of different options that'll help cater to a lot of different pallets. Plus, they tend to stay open later, usually until 11:00 p.m. just in case you need that late night bite after your full park day. By the way, if you want the full digital list of Disney hotels that you can download right to your smartphone or computer and access anytime you want to, go ahead and scan the QR code you see on the screen right now, or click the for Disneyfoodblog.com/h hotels after this, and we'll send you our free Disney hotel PDF, which includes other additional hotel deals, like our official ranking of them all. Dare I say, this might be the most unique Disney World Resort on property. Animal Kingdom Lodge brings the heart of Africa into the Disney bubble with its incredible art pieces and honest to goodness, backyard savas. What many people don't realize about Animal Kingdom Lodge is that there's not just one savannah here. There are four of them. And together, they house over 200 real life animals. While the savas are free for anyone to check out from afar, you can also book a premium Starlight safari for an hour-ong guided tour along the plains after the sun goes down. During this tour, you'll receive a pair of night vision goggles to help you spot the African wildlife up close, which could include zebra, giraffe, gazels, antelope, flamingos, and more. Animal Kingdom Lodge offers up some of the most interesting activities beyond their savas that'll give you the chance to spend an entire day here without needing to go to the parks every single day. But one thing you're always guaranteed to find here is really, really, really good food. This is one of my favorite food hotels anywhere. There are lots of restaurants around Animal Kingdom Lodge that all offer up a variety of high-end African and American options, but that Bulma breakfast buffet does tend to be one of our favorites for its Simba waffles, freshly carved ham, and endless Pog Juice. It's also worth noting that Animal Kingdom Lodge is split between two sections, the main Jambo House area and Kadani Village, which is the Disney Vacation Club section of the hotel. In Jambo House, guest rooms include your choice of views with the most popular being the savannah view rooms where you can see all the different animals directly from your room's balcony. Kadani Village has options for studios and one, two, and threebedroom villas, so you can have options that fit a lot more people over there. Just note that studios offer kitchenets and the villas offer full kitchens and laundry facilities. While Art of Animation is definitely Disney World's priciest value level resort, there are several reasons why guests are still willing to pay the bigger bucks here. Reason number one, the room theming. Art of Animation is all about celebrating some of Disney's most acclaimed films, which is why all the rooms have themes centered around Little Mermaid. Those are the standard rooms. And then Pixar's Cars, The Lion King, and Finding Nemo are all the family suites. Reason number two, the pool theming. Seriously, the theming is on point everywhere around this hotel, especially if you are a big Disney fan. Well, most of the time, a Disney resort's quiet pools aren't nearly as themed as its main feature pool, but Art of Animation is an exception. Not only do you have the Finding Nemo themed Big Blue Pool, which is fun fact the biggest feature pool on Disney property, but you also have the Little Mermaid themed Flip and Fins pool and the Cars themed Cozy Cone pool complete with free first come first serve cabanas in the shape of bright orange o oversized traffic cones. Reason number three is Skyliner access. Any hotel featured along the Disney Skyliner route will give you a complimentary sky gondola ride over to Epcot, Hollywood Studios, and other Skyliner resorts. I love this hotel. No joke, you'll probably find me booking a room here more often than any other Disney hotel. Disney's Beach Club is exactly what it sounds like. It's beachy. It's lighthearted. It's hammockinfested. And it's a little retro at times, especially if you make reservations for the 50s themed beaches and cream, a restaurant featuring jukeboxes and beach balls and over-the-top ice cream creations. You can even get some ice cream options minus the dining reservation thanks to the Beaches and Cream to-go window. Beach Club is also the absolute closest hotel to Epcot's back entrance, the International Gateway, as in you take a few steps outside the hotel and you're right there in Epcot. That's kind of why I love it. Hollywood Studios is also a fairly short walk away from Beach Club, but not nearly as close as Epcot is. Still, it's nice to have the walking path alternative, especially when Hollywood Studios transportation gets wildly busy at the start or the end of the day. When it comes to rooms, Beach Club features standard guest rooms, which tend to sleep two to four guests, as well as club level rooms and suites, including a presidential suite that can sleep up to seven adults. If you're not super familiar with club level rooms, these are available at all of the deluxe level resorts and the moderate level Grandino Tower at Coronado Springs. We'll get to that in a second. And club level is a lot like normal hotel rooms, but with the added benefit of personal concierge services and VIP access to a club level only lounge that'll offer complimentary snacks and refreshments all vacation long. The Beach Club also offers Disney Vacation Club villas with a fully equipped kitchen, washer dryer, separate bedrooms. But you know what I really love about Beach Club? Longtime DFB viewers already know where I'm going with this. Beach Club and its sister resort next door, Yach Club. More on that one later, too. Share the coolest feature pool on property, for now, at least because I bet you Lakeshore Lodge is going to be a worthy contender for that title later on. But Storm Along Bay isn't just a pool. It's a 3 acre mini water park with a sand bottom pool, a lazy river, three whirlpool spas, a tanning deck, and a 230 foot long shipwreck themed water slide. In the same circle as Beach Club, you're going to find Boardwalk In, a deluxe resort with turn of the century charm, a variety of unique dining spots and nanny chairs in the lobby that may or may not be haunted. The verdict is still out. Much like Beach Club, this resort area is also within steps of the International Gateway in Epcot, but it might be a better fit for you thematically if you like hotels with more of that Atlantic City, Coney Island vibe. Boardwalk in develops a whole new personality depending on when you're strolling along its waterfront path. By day, it's cozy and charming and retro. You can rent a tandem bike or get some afternoon tea and cakes at the cake bake shop or even get a unique corn dog creation at the Blue Ribbon Corn dog kiosk. You might even witness some streetmosphere acts as you mosey along the strip. But once the sun sets, the shops and restaurants and overall mood transforms into a more exciting kind of nightlife atmosphere. Evening is when the lounges start to open up like Belleview Lounge and Abracadabar which starts up around 400 pm. The signature restaurant opens its doors. That's Flying Fish. And if you're here on the weekends and you're 21 and over, Atlantic Dance Hall switches into party mode starting at 8:00 p.m. Much like the other deluxe resorts, Boardwalk has a big lineup of room options ranging from standard rooms to club level rooms to deluxe rooms and suites. But it also has the 1 to threebedroom DVC villas on offer, too. Pretty much every deluxe resort in Disney World also has a Disney Vacation Club arm. But the most standout option at this resort is the gorgeous and spacious garden rooms, which despite only being made to sleep two to four guests, are twostory rooms located in private white picket fenced off areas of the resort. Very romantic. Caribbean Beach Resort is a hotel that always has me torn on how I truly feel about it. On the one hand, the lack of elevators up to the second and third floor rooms, and the sheer size of this place has me steering clear of it. But on the other hand, the improving food quality, the Spanish Fortress themed feature pool, the whopping six leisure pool count, and the Skylliner convenience kind of ropes us back in again once in a while. So, the ball is in your court on this one. If you don't mind, I'm going to let you be the judge as to whether this moderate calypso themed and colorful hotel is the right fit for you. Caribbean Beach is made up of five distinct villages named after Caribbean islands. Trinidad, Barbados, Martineique, Aruba, and Jamaica. For the most part, it's just standard rooms over here, but some of Caribbean's rooms do offer a fifth sleeper option with a twiniz bed that flips down from the wall. Over in the Trinidad section specifically, you might be able to stay in a Little Mermaid themed fifth sleeper room, which replaced the pirate themed rooms back in early 2023. I know, kind of a bummer, but if you love Little Mermaid, there you go. Again, getting one of these rooms isn't a flatout guarantee, but you'll have better chances of snacking one by requesting a room over in the Trinidad section. Because this hotel is so sprawled out, I'd also recommend splurging a little for a preferred room just to keep you closer to the resort's main amenities. The Contemporary Resort has been around since the beginning of Disney World itself, and to this day, it's still one of the most popular deluxe hotels on property for lots of reasons. For starters, the restaurant selections are some of the best. You got the Grab-and- Go Contempo Cafe with Giant Baked Goods section, the Character Buffet, Chef Mickey's Steakhouse 71, which yes, does serve more than just steaks, and the fancy top of the resort restaurant, California Grill, complete with Magic Kingdom fireworks views. And for drinks only, you're more than welcome to hit up the Outer Rim or the Steakhouse 71 lounge or the California Grill Bar, each of which is first come, first serve seating. This hotel is also within walking distance to Magic Kingdom. Though, if you'd prefer to travel up to those theme park front gates in style, the Montreal goes right through the resort's A-frame, so picking you up and dropping you off will be super easy. And let's not forget, after a quick transfer at the Montreal's Transportation and Ticket Center, the TTC, you can also use the Montreal to travel over to Epcot, too. Inside Contemporaries A-frame, you'll find your typical assortment of standard rooms. Some even have theme park views if you want to see the Magic Kingdom fireworks from your room each night, as well as club level rooms, one to two bedroom suites, and a presidential suite option that can sleep up to eight. For a slightly cheaper room option, you can also book a stay in the contemporaries garden wing. But keep in mind that the rooms located inside this wing are not in the main A-frame tower. They're still close to the main tower, but not directly in it. That's why they're cheaper. But all the rooms across the main tower and garden wing have Incredibles theming, which is great for kids, but maybe not so great if you're like me and miss the sophistication of the older room decor. You've also got another building option rounding out the contemporary buildings, and that's the Disney Vacation Club Bay Lake Tower, which offers deluxe studios as well as 1, two, and threebedroom villas. Just keep in mind that Bay Lake Tower has been undergoing major renovations for literal years now, and the construction is projected to continue through late 2027. Doesn't mean you can't book a room here, but it does mean you might see and hear some construction during the day. But I will say Bay Lake Tower has one of the coolest Disney Vacation Club memberonly lounges on site thanks to its 2022 revamp. Now it's called Top of the World Lounge of Villains Lair, and it's open and serving fishes and drinks daily from 6:00 p.m. to midnight. But again, you have to be a Disney Vacation Club member or a member guest in order to go up here. If you love bougie resorts and you can't stand the thought of anything less than a deluxe level, don't be knocking Coronado Springs until you try it. More specifically, don't go knocking Coronado Springs Grandino Tower. But let me back up just a second. Coronado Springs Resort is almost like two separate entities within the same hotel space. First, you've got the classic motel style Coronado Springs room situated around Lago Dorado. These rooms come in a classic standard layout, but unique to this moderate resort, they also have a one-bedroom suite option and an executive eight-person suite option, too. But then you've got the rooms within the sophisticated 15-story Grandestino Tower that opened back in 2019, which have hotel spaces that all open up to indoor hallways instead of being that motel style that the rest of the resort is. They've got really sleek modern room layouts and as the icing sprinkles gravy and cherries on top, these rooms are always going to be just a few steps away from high quality eats, drinks, and dolly style artwork all the time. Grandestino Tower also houses the only club level rooms outside of a deluxe level resort. Remember we mentioned that. Just keep in mind that while a club level stay here might feel like you're living the deluxe resort life, you still won't get deluxe level resort perks like extended evening hours. So that splurge might feel like a bit of a letdown when you were really hoping for that two extra hours of park time post park closures. But no matter which room layout you choose inside Grandino or out of it, you're going to have access to a lot of different activities all stay long. Not only that, but the feature pool at Coronado Lost City of Sabola is also really mesmerizing cuz it's got a 50ft pyramid towering over it and a jaguar-shaped water slide and the biggest hot tub of any Disney World resort nearby. The moment you step foot inside Disney's Grand Fian Resort, you'll be living and breathing the fancy life. There's a live pianist in the lobby, several high-end restaurants to dine in, including the only Michelin starred restaurant in Disney World, Victoria and Albert's. Victorian theming throughout, over-the-top gingerbread houses, and carved Easter eggs during holiday seasons. Full-on spa services. They've even got a wedding pavilion here, which every now and then you can take a free tour around, even if you aren't planning on becoming a blushing bride or groom anytime soon. It's also important to note that Grand Fian has undergone a lot, and I mean a lot of work over the past few years. We've got updated character dining at 1900 Park Fair, a refreshed menu and look at Narusi's, Victoria and Alberts, and Citraos. A recently reopened Garden View tea room, also with a new look and menu. A brand new lobby bar called The Perch inside a brand new lobby space, and refreshed Mary Poppins themed guest rooms, too, plus the entire transformation of the Big Pine Key Building back in 2022 to add 200 more Disney Vacation Club rooms to the resort. So, safe to say lots of stuff's been going on at this flagship hotel, and it's all within literal steps from the Magic Kingdom front gates. When it comes to rooms, you've got the usual deluxe lineup. Standards, club levels, deluxes, 1 to twobedroom suites, 1 to threebedroom villas. Basically, the kit and koodleoodle of room options for whatever room size you want. Just prepare to pay a very pretty penny for any of them. Even the standard level boring ones. If you ever wanted to book a Disney World hotel that makes you feel like you're part of one big beachy community, Old Key West Resort is that hotel. This is Disney's first ever Disney Vacation Club resort, so a lot of the folks who are staying here have already been grandfathered into the DVC family. But don't worry, they'll welcome you with open arms, too. That community feel along with traditional Florida Keys vibes bleeds through the details and decor here. Palm trees, hammocks, sandy beaches, and a southern sit-down restaurant called Olivia's Cafe that has a dining room literally covered with Disney Vacation Club member family pictures. The room selections aren't complicated. You've got your deluxe studios that sleep up to four adults. Then you've got your 1 to threebedroom villas. But I will say the villas here, while not overly Disneyi, are some of the biggest you'll find on property because when Disney first started building DVC hotels, and like I said, this was their first one, they made the rooms real big and then slowly made them smaller and smaller and smaller. And since Old Key West is situated in the Disney Springs area, you can take a boat over to Disney Springs anytime you want to expand your food options. But I wouldn't blame you if you stuck to the resort and lived off the key lime dolehip served at Goods Food to Go instead. It's iconic. It's gorgeous. It's impressively tropical. Welcome to Polynesian Village Resort, a deluxe level South Pacific themed resort within walking distance to Magic Kingdom. Though you're also only a Montreal ride from Epcot, too. Even if you're not planning on staying here during your vacation, since it can get pretty costly, Polynesian Village Resort is still worth a visit to check out all the different tropical restaurant offerings from the iconic familystyle Ohana to the quick and affordable Captain Cooks. Polynesian Village also has a dolehip window called Pineapple Lai, an interactive enchanted tiki bar called Trader Sam's Grog Grotto, the occasional live ukulele music most commonly heard around Trader Sam's Tiki Terrace. A feature pool with volcano water slide. Tai Chi classes which usually happen on Monday mornings. Moana themed rooms and the creme de la creme free fireworks viewing from the resort's beachside. But personally, I'd make my way out here just for a Lapu Lapu cocktail from Tamboo Lounge. It comes in a pineapple. Yep, a pineapple. When I first started going to Disney World as an adult, I always went to Polynesian Village Resort first. Didn't stay here. Couldn't afford it, but always came here first when I arrived in Orlando so that I could really feel like I was on vacation. And I always got a Lapu Lapu to start. But there's more. In 2024, Polynesian Village expanded their resort with that Disney Vacation Club, Island Tower, which not only has more private fireworks viewing areas for Island Tower guests only, but also one of my new favorite places to eat, Wulu Bar and Grill, which yes, you will need to make reservations for now. Island Tower offers duo studios, which sleep two adults, deluxe studios, one and two-bedroom villas, and two-bedroom pen houses. But over around the main building, you can also book a standard room, club level rooms, or one of the various different suite options, including a honeymoon suite. But the most noteworthy room option here are the Bora Bora bungalows. These are perched over the water with a crystal clear view of Cinderella Castle, and they offer two full bathrooms, a full kitchen, living and dining areas, a washer and dryer, and a private deck with a plunge pool. But they are pretty tricky to book since there's only 20 of them. So, if you want to book one, you'll have to do so pretty far in advance to better your chances of getting it locked in. Something else to remember is that these cost about $2,000 a night if you're not using Disney Vacation Club points. So, just be aware. Having easy access to Disney's Skyliner is a big priority for lots of folks. Having a cheaper hotel room is also a big priority. So, if you put those two together, what do you get? Pop Century Resort. Yep, the answer to your biggest priorities. Pop Century is a psychedelic value resort themed around larger than-l life icons from the 1950s to the 1990s. It's also the cheapest hotel you're going to find along the Skyliner route. I do have to warn you though, if you're situated in a room that's all the way back in the 80s and '90s buildings, it's quite a walk over to the Skyliner station. So, might be worth splurging a few extra bucks each day on a preferred room that's closer to all the main amenities versus the standard room that might put you in a room far away from everything. Pop Century has recently had a lot of refreshes that added a lot more vibrant colors to the hotel, which we didn't think was possible, but there you go. And while we really miss those retro shadow boxes that used to line the hotel lobby, those updates to the Everything Pop Food Court are, dare I say, totally rad. While a lot of the food offerings mimic what you'll find at the other value resort food courts, you'll also find a few fun surprises here, especially when it comes to the sweet stuff. You can find vibrant options like the giant ice cream sundae truck, the flashback oatmeal cream pie, the cake bar with freeze-dried Skittles, and the DFB favorite, the tie-dye cheesecake. I don't know why, I just love it. Louisiana hospitality meets Louisiana's party scene inside this familyfriendly moderate resort area. Disney's Porterans resorts are made up of two different sections. You've got Riverside, which has those relaxing rural waterhe vibes, plus some more lively entertainment on select evenings. Head over to the Riveroos Lounge to see some piano entertainment. And then you've got French Quarter, which represents more of the New Orleans Martyra side of things. So, expect beads and booze and live jazz on the weekends and of course be vignettes. But again, it's all familyfriendly. So, no worries. While Riverside and French Quarter definitely have their own personalities, they don't mind sharing amenities with one another, which is why this is one of the rare locations on Disney property where you can actually do a little pool hopping between resorts. Don't miss out on the seaurppent water slide of French Quarter's DLoon Lagoon. I love saying that. They both offer up recreational activities, too, like bike rentals and fishing excursions and horsedrawn carriage rides for an added fee. French Quarter doesn't have a key table service location, and Riverside only has one, Boat Rights Dining Hall, but both resorts do have a food court setup that serves a variety of classic theme park eats and Cinjun classics, too. My favorite favorite favorite thing to get here is the Jumbalaya. I will literally travel to this hotel even if I'm not staying there to get it. Now, if you're looking for more food beyond just the Cajun Cuisine, you can always hop on the Sasigula River Boat and float your way down to Disney Springs. As far as rooms go, French Quarter only has standard room layouts, but these rooms have been recently updated with classy Princess and the Frog theming and Marty GR accents. Meanwhile, Riverside has more room options to choose from beyond the standards, which makes sense because it's bigger and more sprawling. This includes our fifth sleeper rooms and the royal guest rooms which sleep up to four but are decked out with Disney princess furniture including genie lamp faucets, the puppy ottoman from Beauty and the Beast, LED fireworks in the bed frames and more. Springs Resort is another classic Disney Vacation Club hotel right up there with Old Key West. But instead of this one being all palm trees and warm sand and Florida vibes, this one focuses more on upstate New York. Yeah, horses and golf. Lots of golf. According to Disney's website, Saratoga Springs is themed around the late 1800's New York retreat, famous for its spas and horse racing. Now, I have been to Saratoga Springs. Doesn't really look like this hotel, but maybe this is the late 1800's version of it. And while Saratoga did have its own spa there for a while, it never reopened after the CO closures, which is kind of a bummer. I'm glad the Grand Fian one finally reopened. But the golf scene is alive and well here. So if you've got someone in your group who's big on country club vibes, Saratoga is only steps away from the 18hole Lake Buenav Vista Golf Course. It's also only steps away from Disney Springs. Really, there's a walking path up to the shopping district from Saratoga Springs. Now, if you're at the non close to the walking path side of Saratoga Springs, that's a very long walk. But if you're in the part of Saratoga Springs that is closer to that walking path, then it's very, very doable. But don't worry, there are still boats that'll help take you over there, too. One of the biggest selling points of Saratoga Springs, if you can manage to pull it off, are its treehouse villas. These sleep up to nine guests and put you in a room at eye level with the trees. Plus, you get your own private deck, which is very cool. Now, these are kind of out in the wilderness, far away from Disney Springs, so you're definitely going to need to use that boat to get there in this case. Much like the Bora Bora bungalows over at Polynesian Village Resort, the tree houses have always been hard to book, especially since reservations for them go live for Disney Vacation Club guests first. But they might prove to be more difficult in the future now that they're being renovated. So just keep in mind that first, there are fewer tree houses to choose from at the moment. And second, if you do book a treehouse right now or up until midepptember 2026, there's the chance you'll see and hear construction going on around the other tree houses during the day. But beyond those tree houses, Saratoga Springs other room options shouldn't be as hard to get. In fact, this is usually one of the least expensive deluxe resorts. So, you might want to get a studio or 1 to threebedroom villa instead. Pros for Saratoga, very awesome treehouse villas, great for all the golf fans out there, and rooms within walking distance to Disney Springs. Cons, no more spa. That's too bad. Good dining is pretty lacking. The rooms here actually open out onto outdoor hallways, so it doesn't really feel very deluxe resorty when you're staying here. It feels more like a motel. And your room could be super far away from all the main amenities. Ah, Wilderness Lodge, I have such a soft spot for you. You're my mama's favorite resort, and I can see why. You're just so cozy with your rustic Pacific Northwest theming, your multiple fireplaces, your rocking chairs, your babbling brook that actually starts in the lobby and heads outside to be kind of a fake river that goes into the pool. You got your handcarved wooden details, your fire rock outdoor geyser that erupts every hour on the hour from 7:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. that is. And don't even get me started on the restaurants here. Lots of options to choose from that don't just fit different pallets, but different vibes, too. If you want chill and peaceful, hit up Geyser Point Bar and Grill. But if you want zany servers that'll put you in jail and throw straws at you sometimes, hit up Resparing Canyon Cafe. And don't forget, you've got one of our favorite character restaurants here where you get to actually meet Snow White and two of the seven dwarfs. Now, Wilderness Lodge might be in the Magic Kingdom Resort area, but it doesn't have the convenience of the Montreal. However, it does have boats that can take you to and from the park. And because of its lack of Montreal track, this tends to be a resort with less foot traffic at a slightly cheaper price point, too. The rooms are a little bit smaller than some of those mega deluxe resorts. Wilderness Lodge is broken up into three different sections. You've got the main building, where you'll find your standard deluxe and club level rooms. You've got DVC's Boulder Ridge, where you'll find your deluxe studios and one to twobedroom villas. And you've got DVC Copper Creek where you're going to find deluxe studios, one to threebedroom villas, and last but certainly not least, the two-bedroom cabins, which sleep up to eight guests, and include two full bathrooms, a full kitchen, living and dining areas, washerdryer, and a private porch with a hot tub. Pros here, super peaceful, great to take your old people to. Solid restaurant selection, and boat transportation to Magic Kingdom. But note that sometimes they do refurb that boat dock, so be sure to check our newsletter so you know when that boat transportation is closed. Cons here, no Montreal station despite this being a Magic Kingdom area resort. Standard rooms here tend to be some of the smallest standard deluxe rooms on property. And you're further away from other Disney parks, so bus transportation can be tedious if you're headed over to Animal Kingdom or Hollywood Studios. Okay, we talked about Beach Club, we talked about Boardwalk in. Now, we need to round out this circle of Epcot area resorts with the third and final option within walking distance of the International Gateway, Yacht Club. Yacht Club and Beach Club often get confused for being the same resort because they're so close together. They're basically touching, just one of them's blue and one of them's gray. They've even got the same feature pool. Stormalong Bay, I am your biggest fan. But while Beach Club is more light and breezy, yacht Club is more New England nautical. So, less about palm trees, more about anchors, helms, and full steam ahead. Yacht Club does have some nice restaurants you can dine in, but it's important to note that Yachtsman Steakhouse is closing in May 2026 and won't reopen till sometime in August just for some muchneeded upkeep and TLC as far as we know. Per the release of this video, the Attached Cruise Cup Lounge is currently closed for refer, but is slated to reopen in May, which I'm hoping means the return of my beloved Prime rib sliders. But if you're watching this from the future and they didn't return, just don't tell me. Let me live in ignorant bliss right now. Disney's Yacht Club features standard guest rooms and club level rooms which go up to a two-bedroom suite. No Disney Vacation Club at this particular resort. Pros for Yach Club, you're within walking distance to Epcot and Hollywood Studios. You've got Skyliner access and the Stormalong Bay Water Park, like mini water park, I guess. Cons, it can feel slightly stuffier than Beach Club. Again, because Yach Club and Beach Club share a pool, this place can get packed in the afternoon. And current restaurant closures mean more limited restaurant options, at least for now. There's no denying that Riviera Resort is one of the prettiest on Disney World property, and it is the most expensive you're going to find on the Skylliner route. But that hefty price tag might be worth the splurge for you if you want to stay in a hotel that's themed after Walt Disney's European travels, which means you'll be staying in a resort that's artistic and elegant, yet still bright and airy and not too stuffy feeling. because you're still going to see plenty of Disney character whimsy, especially when you're walking over to the Skyliner station and walking under those Peter Pan and Tangled mosaic arches. They are gorgeous. And the character whimsy continues in the resort's main table service restaurant, Topolino's Terrace, where you can book reservations for breakfast Allah Art to meet Mickey, Minnie, Donald, and Daisy, who will all be sporting artsy fartsy attire. Or if you're not a huge fan of character dining, book reservations here at night for fine Italian cuisine and Epcot firework views out on the restaurant's private patio. Riviera is just a nice resort to visit when you're doing a little Skyliner hopping since there are so many quiet places to tuck yourself away and decompress if you need to. Places like the Voyagers Lounge, relaxation space next to the Petite Cafe, Bar Reva next to the feature pool, or the tiny beach side with lounge chairs and gorgeous views across the water. Since Riviera is a Disney Vacation Club resort, it offers one, two, and threebedroom villas, as well as tower and deluxe studios. And these various room categories can sleep anywhere from two adult guests in the tower studios to 12 adult guests in the three-bedroom villas. Again, this is a very expensive hotel for not being able to walk to any theme parks. Pros for Riviera, elegant resort, lots of artistic theming, great for those looking for a peaceful escape, and of course, the Skyliner access. Cons here. It's the most expensive resort on the Skyllin or honestly a pretty expensive resort overall. Some of those Riviera rooms are really tiny but still super expensive like those tower suites. And again, you have only Skyliner transportation when you're going to Epcot and Hollywood Studios. There's no buses, which isn't great for those who hate heights. For Wilderness Resort gives you options, lots and lots and lots of options. Options for everything. If you want to splurge a little, you can book a private Disney Vacation Club one-bedroom cabin out there in these woods that sleeps up to six people, has a private deck, and even has bunk beds that the kids can fight over. If you want to try to save a little money, you can choose to take your camper or pitch a tent at the Fort Wilderness Campground instead, though, these won't give you extended evening hours. Just a heads up. If you want to spend your day hitting up the parks, Fort Wilderness has that classic bus service at your disposal, as well as boats that'll take you up to the Magic Kingdom. and front gates. But if you want to spend your day hanging around your resort, Fort Wilderness has a lot of recreational activities on offer that'll keep you outside and active all day long, including Segway tours, archery lessons, gem mining, Chip andale campfire singalongs, pony rides, fishing, kayaking, and canoeing, and more. You're more than welcome to mosy your way around the resort on foot. But because this place is literally in the middle of the woods, having to trek from here to there to everywhere can be an endeavor. It's huge, so you might want to rent a golf cart during your stay just to help you get around. And when it comes to dining, you can go all out by booking reservations for Disney's one and only dinner theater show, Hoop-doo Musical Review. Or you could save some money by grabbing one of the family meals over at Trails End Restaurant, like the fried chicken meal that feeds two to four people for about 30 bucks. See, lots of options. And that's why Fort Wilderness has quickly become one of our favorite DVC spots over the years. Pros for Fort Wilderness, the cabins can often be the same price as an Art of Animation family suite, but these will still give you deluxe resort perks. Also, there's so many outdoor activities here, and it's the home of the only dinner theater show on property. Cons, it's way out there. Travel times are a huge pain. There's no Montreal access despite this being a Magic Kingdom area hotel. And unfortunately, the internal bus loop here is super confusing. And there's no deluxe resort perks for those staying at the campground. Okay, that was a lot of hotels, but we're just getting started. So, if you're ready to take your Disney hotel game to the next level, the best DFB video for you to jump into next is the best Disney hotels in 2026 and which to avoid. Oh, and don't forget about the free Disney World hotel PDF we've got ready to send your way over at disneyfoodblog.com/hot. Thanks for listening, everyone, and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog, and we'll see you real soon.
