---
video_id: NbKUJH-bKns
channel: DFBGuide
title: "The ULTIMATE Guide to Disneyland in 2026"
published: 2026-01-14
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbKUJH-bKns
---
Disneyland's got some big surprises up its sleeve for 2026, and we cannot wait to share everything there is to know about visiting this OG park in the new year today on DFB Guide. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. Disneyland Park is one of two Disney parks found out in Anaheim, California. But this park is really something special because it's the first ever Disney park to ever be built, ever. But don't let its age stop you from thinking there's nothing new to explore here. Disneyland is constantly evolving and updating, just like Walt Disney always wanted. And today's DFB video is going to show you all this park's latest offerings, major highlights, hottest tips, and hidden gems for your visit. So, recently we released a video that covered all the different new stuff getting ready to impact not just the OG Disneyland Park, but all of Disneyland Resort property. But for now, let's go over the newness affecting or about to affect Disneyland Park specifically in 2026. Starting this past May, Disneyland kicked off its 70th anniversary celebration, which will continue on into 2026 up until August 9th. And that means you got several months to check out all the limited time festivities, including the Paint the Night Parade, Wondrous Journeys, Nighttime Spectacular, Magic Man Plus kiosks that print free Disneyland ticket souvenirs, the Key to Disneyland interactive experience, and tons of limited time snacks and merchandise and other activities. And in honor of Disneyland's 70th anniversary, this park is also going to offer up a new Disney After Dark event called 70 Years of Favorites for two nights only, March 3rd and 5th. This is going to coincide with other Disney After Dark events that'll be happening from January to June, including Sweethearts Night and Disney Channel night and Star Wars night and Pride Night. No matter which event you choose to attend, expect unique entertainment, special character encounters, exclusive food and drinks and shorter wait times for rides, and limited time merchandise collections, all available after the park closes for general admission guests. Disney After Dark events take place from 9:00 p.m. to 1:00 a.m., though event ticket holders will be able to enter the park as early as 6:00 p.m. leading up to the event itself. For the first time ever, Blueie and her sister Bingo will be coming to Disneyland to sing and play and dance with guests over at the Fantasy Land Theater starting on March 22nd. And just a couple months after that, Millennium Falcon Smugglers Run over in Galaxy's Edge will start offering up new missions to coincide with the brand new Mandalorian and Grou movie releasing on May 22nd. When it comes to new attractions that are open and operating as we speak, Walt Disney A Magical Life opened on July 17th, 2025 over at the Main Street Opera House, featuring the first ever Walt Disney audio animatronic, who shares his story through film and archival footage, artifacts, and narration. And while the Storybook Land Canal boats over in Fantasy Land aren't new, the Rapunzel's Tower section is new. So, be sure to ride this one during the day and at night for two different soundtracks and light features. At night, glowing effects around the tower represent the iconic lantern scene from the Tangled film, which is bound to make you feel kind of warm and tingly inside. Because so much has changed, or is about to change in Disneyland lately, our free DFB guide called Three Perfect Days in Disneyland has also changed to reflect all the new stuff inside the parks. So, if you want that update, go ahead and scan the QR code you see on the screen now or click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/dyland plans after this. Now that we've discussed all the new stuff, let's take a step back in time and explore Disneyland's ever so iconic Main Street USA. The first area you're going to step into once you enter the park. This is going to be your first impression of Disneyland. And what the impression it is. While you're not going to find any huge rides here, you will find a turn of the century shopping strip holding some of the best attractions of the park. And what a lineup of shops you're going to find. There's the Emporium, the largest Disney gift shop parkwide. Candy Palace and Candy Kitchen for all your confectionary necessities. Silhouette Studio, where you're going to find one of my favorite custom Disney souvenirs of all time. The hand cut silhouette of you or your family members or even your pet. The Mad Hatter, one of two Madhatter stores in Disneyland Park that sells hats, hats, and more hats. The other one you're going to find over in Fantasy Land by the Alice and Wonderland ride, of course. Disney Showcase, which is where you're going to find all of Disney's latest seasonal souvenirs. Crystal Arts, a Disney classic souvenir spot where you can pick up custom glass and/or crystal momentos. 20th Century Music Company, so it's going to be pins and lanyards and the like. Plaza Point, where you can shop for holiday merch, which could be any holiday that's happening at the moment. It kind of varies what you're going to find here depending on the season. And Disney Anna for all you Disney art enthusiasts out there. Now, here's a hidden gem. Check out the Main Street USA window displays. Not only are they cute and interactive and depict popular Disney and Pixar animated scenes, but they're also frequently switching them up so you can see new displays playing out all the time. Now, when it comes to food, if you're looking for a cozy sit-down meal, Carnian Cafe is one of my very favorites. It's an old-fashioned piece of Americana that Walt used to go to all the time. It hearkens back to a simpler time, but offers modern versions of cafe classic dishes for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Plaza Inn is a cafeteria style restaurant that surprisingly enough might just be my favorite quick service of the entire park. During lunch and dinner hours, you can get comfort classics like pot roast and pasta. But what you come here for at lunch and dinner is the famous fried chicken, which is absolutely exquisite. This fried chicken comes out golden and crunchy and topped with a unique blend of special spices that make Colonel Sanders jealous. There's also so much more on this plate. There's like mashed potatoes and beans and biscuit and it's just there's a ton of food, you guys. So, I mean, I have no problem just sort of plowing through it, but it's definitely splitable. Now, Plaza End is also open during breakfast. And while you can't get that famous fried chicken during breakfast, you can experience a character meal called Mini and Friends Breakfast in the Park. So, this is a sit-down restaurant for breakfast. And it's got an all you care to enjoy morning spread. And if you're on the hunt for something a bit lighter but still as cozy, Jolly Holiday Bakery Cafe features an assortment of pastries, specialty coffees, and tea for the early mornings. Then a little later on in the day, you can swing by here for a fresh salad or sandwich. We love, love, love the grilled cheese and tomato soup. Now, my script writer, Bria, and I are a little at odds with what the best bakery item is here. She thinks it's the raspberry rose macaroon, and I am absolutely sure that it's the Matterhorn macaroon. But at least we can both agree that the Toasted Cheese sandwich with a side of tomato basil soup from here is top tier lunching. Now, if you're looking for some live entertainment throughout the day, check your Disneyland app to see when the Dapper Dan Barberhop Quartet and the Disneyland Band are making their rounds. But at night, the entertainment kicks off with the Paint the Night Parade and the Sleeping Beauty Castle Nighttime Spectacular, which does rotate out. But for the bulk of 2026, Wondrous Journeys is going to be the show to see. Paint the Night did take a break for a while to let the holiday parades take their turn in the park. But on January 30th, it'll be back and ready to dazzle guests again for however long it decides to stick around for. It is a truly exquisite, like impeccable nighttime parade. And this coming from a girl who grew up with the Main Street Electrical Parade. Okay, so Paint the Night has two shows each night. The first show starts around It's a Small World over in Fantasy Land, travels around the castle, and finishes up on Main Street USA. Now, the second show, The Parade does the opposite. Starting on Main Street and going around the castle and finishing up over at It's a Small World. Main Street USA is iconic, yes, but when it comes to fantasy land, you're not going to get much more quintessential Disney vibes than this. I mean, even though you can see Sleeping Beauty Castle the moment you step into Main Street USA, the castle is technically located in Fantasy Land. And if you want a real up close and personal look at this classic castle, the first Disney castle ever, then be sure to check out the free Sleeping Beauty walkthrough experience inside of it, which tells the tale of Princess Aurora through animated 3D window scenes. This is one of my favorite attractions. It's rarely busy, and it's enchanting. If your little one wants to feel like true royalty during their Disney day, Bibbid Bobby Boutique is going to give kiddos ages 3 to 12 a royal makeover of their choosing. Reservations are highly recommended for this one, and price points do vary depending on what royal styling package your kid wants. Now, Fantasy Land has the most rides packed into a single Disneyland area, and many of those rides are made for all riders and all heights to enjoy. If you rope drop this land, that is show up right when the park opens, it's much easier to hit all these backtoback with minimum weights. And maybe you can go on Mr. Toad's Wild Ride twice, cuz that one's my personal favorite. No, hidden gem here. The Alice in Wonderland ride was actually built on top of Mr. Toad's Wild Ride. So, whenever you enter the Card Soldiers Room while riding Alice in Wonderland, that's why it feels unusually hot in there, cuz the heat from Mr. Toad's hell scene is rising, causing the poor card soldiers to get roasty toasty. Now, along with the all ages dark rides and boat rides and train rides in Fantasy Land, you've also got Matterhorn Bobsleds here. Now, the bobsleds are a very similar vibe to Expedition Everest and Animal Kingdom kind of. They're both mountains. They're both high-speed coasters. They both have some sort of snowy mythical antagonist that wants you off their personal property. But Matterhorn bobsleds came first and have some very distinct differences from Expedition Everest, of course, including no backwards momentum, but instead very jerky bobsled twists and turns and an abominable snowman who never fails to jump scare me every time I ride. Thanks, Harold. You'll learn very quickly that Disneyland has tons of character meet and greet opportunities, both at stationary locations and wandering locations, too. Unlike Disney World, you do see a lot more wandering characters in Disneyland. But meeting the Disney princesses at the Royal Hall and Fantasy Fair tends to be one of the more popular meet and greet locations since you can meet up to three Disney princesses at a time. Princesses do rotate out, so you'll have to look and see who's visiting the next time you're there. Hot tip here, to the left of the Royal Hall entrance, find Cloon's music box from Hunchback of Notre Dame and crank the handle to make the diarama inside come to life. Now, if I had to pick one place to snack in Fantasy Land in one place only, well, it'd be kind of tricky since Maurice's Treats and Adal Vice Snacks both have a garlic cheesy pretzel bread that I'm pretty obsessed with, but I'm going to have to keep my loyalties locked in with Tridor Tavern since this little snack location near the Fantasy Land Theater back there offers classic and seasonal loaded baked potatoes year round. And you know how much I love a baked potato. Heading over to New Orleans Square for some pirates and ghosts and beignes. Is this actually the best land in Disneyland? I'm not going to make that claim, but I will say New Orleans Square is one of a kind. No, really, you're not going to find this land in any other Disney park out there. So, take it all in. New Orleans Square is where you're going to find a lot of good cajinjun and southern style restaurants. Or you could always swing by Odora's Chic Boutique and grab some Cajun spices and sauces, kitchen wear, and cookbooks to take home and make your own southern cuisine if you're feeling up for it. post vacation. But the most popular sitdown restaurant here is Blue Bayou. Between the soft twinkling lights and the candle lit tables and the moss laden trees and a nice view of the famous Pirates of the Caribbean attraction, this environment is stunning and the Creole eats here are pretty tasty, too. That said, the nearby Cafe Orleans table service tends to have similar offerings at a slightly cheaper price point. You just won't get the whole mood lighting and Pirates of the Caribbean atmosphere along with it. Hidden gem for you here. If you're looking for the cheapest Monte Cristos in New Orleans Square, Blue Bayou sells them for $34 for lunch only. Cafe Orleans sells them for 26, but the Royal Street Veranda quick service window has a similar option for $14. Is it the same as at the table service meals? No. But it is still a Monte Cristo. So, if you're a Monte Cristo fan and you don't want to sit down, 14 bucks at the Royal Street Ver. It is pretty good. Since this is New Orleans and all, it only makes sense for Tiana from Princess and the Frog to have her own restaurant out here. She's a Cajun cooking pro after all. And Tiana's Palace is a quick service location that serves comforting southern dishes like gumbo and pobo and muffettas and shrimp and grits. Now, this is the old French Market Cafe if you haven't been to Disneyland in a while. But if you're looking for the beignet, you'll need to check out the attached mint jeulip bar, which did survive the transition from French Market over to Tiana's Palace. And Mint Julip Bar features the famous Disneyland Mint Julip and the Mickey beignetes. Both of the classic powdered sugar variety and seasonal varieties, too. Speaking of classics, New Orleans Square is the home of two classic Disney attractions, Pirates of the Caribbean and Haunted Mansion, making it easy to hit up both of those backtoback while you're here. Earlier last year, Madame Leota's Somewhere Beyond opened its ghoulish doors and now serves as your one-stop shop for all things Haunted Mansion. Hot tip. To celebrate both the Halloween and Christmas season, Haunted Mansion receives a massive Nightmare Before Christmas overlay that usually starts up at the beginning of September. So, word of warning to my August vacationers. Haunted Mansion does close for a few weeks to make this transition happen. And similarly, towards the beginning of January each year, the Haunted Mansion closes for a few weeks again to go back to normal. So, if you don't want to potentially miss out on Haunted Mansion, then a mid August or an early January Disneyland trip might not be the right fit for you. But if you do happen to go during those two times and Haunted Mansion is closed for its reurbs, then FYI, Pirates of the Caribbean usually adds a lightning lane. So, if you have multipass, you should be able to use a lightning lane at Pirates during those down times for Haunted Mansion. I know I just gave you a lot of information. I'm sorry. Frontier Land, keeper of all things that Magic Kingdom threw away. I'm just teasing Magic Kingdom. Stop taking everything so seriously. But seriously, if you're missing some of those classic Magic Kingdom attractions that Magic Kingdom recently removed to make way for future new lands and rides, more than likely, Disneyland's Frontier Land still has them for now. For example, the Mark Twain River Boat is still alive and kicking, as is the sailing ship Colombia. And you can still travel across the log graft and over to Tom Sawyer's Island to explore a pirates lair featuring swinging bridges and spooky caves and a climbable fort just like the good old days of Magic Kingdom. Now, Splash Mountain is not here. Splash Mountain in Disneyland also got transition to Tiana's Bayou Adventure. We'll get there in just a second. But if you want to ride Splash Mountain really badly, you got to go to Tokyo. That's the only park that still has it. Now, all these classic offerings do close up a few hours early to get ready for the other nighttime spectacular that happens in this park, Fantasmic. Fantasmic happens across the Rivers of America, combining water effects, fireworks, and appearances by literally dozens of Disney characters, all set to Disney songs in an original story starring none other than Mickey Mouse himself. Now, hot tip here. Fantasmic does not happen every night, so you will want to check on Disneyland's daily event schedule via the Disneyland website before you get your hopes up about seeing this one. When it is offered, it's typically offered twice in an evening. Though, the second showtime tends to be the less busy one. Of course, it's not a visit to Frontier Land without a ride on Big Thunder Mountain Railroad, the wildest ride in the wilderness. This one's a fun one with sharp turns and slight drops and immersive cave effects to really pull you into this coaster story. And all that coaster riding is sure to work up an appetite. So you might want to pay a visit to the Rancho delo quick service while you're in the area. In fact, even if you didn't work up an appetite, you should still go here because it's good. Rancho is another personal favorite and it features hearty Mexican dishes, including options like burritos, enchiladas, nachos, street tacos, and more. Hidden gem, the Golden Horseshoe Quick Service might not have the most exciting menu of all time, but the history and entertainment here certainly makes up for that. Not only does this place offer up live music shows every so often, but the Golden Horseshoe is also known as the place where Walt Disney and his wife Lillian celebrated their 30th anniversary with a private party just days before the park itself opened to guests. I love that story. As far as shopping's concerned, you're going to have a few different shops here and there selling Wild Wild West themed merch, apparel, and decor. But the Westward Hoe Trading Co. is going to be the place Disney pin traders will gather to collect new pins for their collection and maybe make a few trades while they're at it. Who's up for a little adventure? In Adventure Land, you're going to be thrown into quite the journey. One filled with overgrown jungles and ancient temples and enchanted surprises. This is where you're going to find the popular Indiana Jones adventure attraction. An exhilarating dark ride through one of Indiana Jones's recent archaeological finds, the Lost Temple of the Forbidden Eye. Since each ride vehicle is capable of almost 160,000 possible motion simulator combinations, you can guarantee that every adventure will be unique. And while that doesn't necessarily mean the overall plot and layout is going to feel different every time, since the story doesn't change, even if the movement of your vehicle does, it's still super cool to have some variety thrown in the mix. Now, Hidden Gem, the little man of Disneyland, also known as Patrick Bora, is a leprechaun who lives in the base of a tree near the entrance of the Indiana Jones Adventure. So, hunt down his little abode the next time you're here and see if he's got any new decorations up. Along with Indian Co., you'll also find classic Adventure Land attractions like the Punny Jungle Cruise Boat Ride and the Enchanted Tiki Room. Of course, the originals of their kind anywhere in the world. And if you want Dolehip, a fruity icy treat that's become a Disney staple snack over the years, Adventureland is your place to find that, too. The OG pineapple Dolehip as well as pineapple Dolehip floats can be found at the Tiki Juice Bar. But if you want a few more dowood flavors to choose from, as well as some specialty seasonal options to mix things up, I'd recommend the tropical hideaway instead, which is also where you're going to find a few savory bow bun options and Rosita the tiki room bird. Don't be shy. Laugh at Rosita's jokes. She's a funny gal. Personally, if I want a savory snack while I'm in Adventure Land, though, I tend to hit up Bengal Barbecue for its hot off the grill skewer selections. And then when I need to burn off all my doe whip and skewers so I can make more room for more later on, I'll stroll through the Adventureland Treehouse. This features rooms for the Swiss Family Robinson. The mother has a music den, the son has a nature room, and the daughter has an astronomer's loft. All these things are made with found objects, natural resources, and hot tip. Back in 2023, Disneyland Park reimagined this already reimagined treehouse walkthrough. Initially, it was Swiss Family Treehouse. and it transformed into Tarzan's treehouse in 1999. And now it's the Adventureland treehouse, which pays homage to the original theme. But don't worry, Disneyland didn't totally forget that Tarzan and friends once lived here, too. And that's why Jane the Ostrich is so special. This long necked animatronic feathered friend was named after Tarzan's lovely lady as a little nod and a wink to who was here before the Swiss Family Robinson moved back in. There's not a plethora of shopping you're going to need to concern yourself with in Adventureland, but the Adventureland Bazaar is definitely still worth a visit. Maybe you can find yourself a pair of bamboo windchimes or something that'll help you out on your next Jungle Cruise adventure. Welcome to the future. H sort of. Tomorrowland has a reputation of being less futuristic and more like a hodgepodge of space and sea offerings, but we still love the chaos. Much like Fantasy Land, you've got a variety of rides to choose from here, but the fan favorite tends to be the indoor Space Mountain coaster, which many argue is better than the Space Mountain out in Magic Kingdom. It's me, I'm many. Now, Hidden Gem Season of the Forest typically happens in Disneyland from late March to early May. And during this time, you're going to be able to check out limited time Star Wars entertainment, including a Hyperspace Mountain overlay on Space Mountain, which I think is probably the best Space Mountain overlay I've ever seen. And since we're on the subject of Star Wars, while we'll talk more about Star Wars specific stuff when we get over to Galaxy's Edge, there are some lingering Star Wars attractions hanging out in Tomorrowland that were here before a full Star Wars land was ever a thing. So, if you just can't get enough Star Wars in your life, you'll be thrilled to know that the Star Tours motion simulator ride is available here in Tomorrowland, too. And if you're sick of space, try taking an undersea journey via the Finding Nemo submarine voyage. Think of this as a fun underwater exploratory adventure where you get to see Nemo and friends through those little circular windows, but you're also kind of a sardine sitting on a bench in a dark capsule while shoulder-to-shoulder with a bunch of strangers. You'll also have to walk down a short yet winding set of stairs before you board. This is something to know about Disneyland. A lot of the Q- lines and the ride vehicles that were created back in the 1950s may not necessarily fit the size of today's folks. So, just a heads up on that that you want to be aware that things were a little different back then. So, the Finding Nemo submarine voyage isn't going to be a great fit for everybody. But even if you can't or don't want to ride this attraction, there's an observation outpost at the end of the dock that offers a highdefinition live feed video version of the voyage via an onboard subcam. That way, you can hang out in a more spaced out room with no stairs and still see what happens during the ride. And let's not forget about the Disneyland Railroad. The Disneyland Railroad loops around the whole park with specific train station stops at Main Street USA, New Orleans Square, Mickey's Toontown. More on that later. And of course, Tomorrowland. But the coolest part of this train ride happens between the stretch of track connecting Tomorrowland and Main Street USA. Shortly after making your way down the track, the train will enter into a stretch of tunnel. Inside this tunnel are two diaramas. The first depicts the Grand Canyon and features lots of model plants and animals against a painted backdrop. Normal enough. But the second diarama transports you back to the primeval world. When you enter into this section of the tunnel, a dramatic score starts to play while audio animatronic brontosauruses munch on some plants or just vibe there all dino-like. And in the thrilling prehistoric conclusion of Primeval World, an epic battle between Stegosaurus and T-Rex takes place all while they're surrounded by a stream of molten lava. Now, here's a hot tip. Another station you'll want to be on the lookout for in Tomorrowland is the Montreal station. The Disneyland Montreal connects Downtown Disney to Tomorrowland, making it a great way to bypass the Main Street USA morning crowds. The Downtown Disney Montreal station is located near the Disneyland Hotel and a little further away from the main esplanade. The Star Trader is going to be your main Tomorrowland gift shop, though there are a few other stores scattered around this area, too, that'll also hook you up with space themed goodies and planetary merch. Overall, the Tomorrowland food is okay. Not my favorite, but not the worst. We do like a couple of things over at Alien Pizza Planet. This is a quick service where you can order a pizza, of course, by the pie or the slice, but I tend to like the pasta dishes here better than the pizza. And don't forget about a cute little alien macaroon, especially the seasonal varieties that dress up all spiffy for the holidays. Now, yes, they are macaroons, but I think Bria is putting a lot of O's in there for like how the aliens say ooh. But I'm not going to say macaroons because then it's not that's not what it is. It's not a macaroon. It's a macaroon. So anyway, you can let Brianna know how you feel about that joke in the comments. I mean, it was a justifiably valid try. We'll give her that. And hey, you know what? Galactic Grill isn't always half bad either. Mostly they serve classic theme park quick service stuff like burgers and chicken tenders, but sometimes they surprise us with a tasty seasonal option like the cottage fries they offered up last year that I miss so much. Please bring these back. Okay, time to head into Bayou country. Now, once upon a time and not so very long ago, Bayou Country was actually known as Critter Country. But ever since the defunct Splash Mountain Log Flume ride was updated into Tiana's Bayou Adventure, the name of this land also got updated to reflect that change. So, Bayou Country it is. No hidden gem here. If you ever start missing the Splash Mountain crew, turn that frown upside down. They're never too far away. Near the Single Rider line in Tiana's Bayou Adventure, take a look at the figurines lined up on her office's bookcase to find the OG crew. Brer Rabbit, Brer Bear, and Brer Fox. And if you just can't get enough of Tiana and her crew, you can pick up Princess and the Frog themed souvenirs at Louiswis's Critter Club and Ray's Berets. Now, along with Tiana and company, Bayou Country is also where you're going to find the many adventures of Winnie the Pooh dark ride. Close to the ride, you can find a confectionary called Pooh Corner, which is known for having Winnie the Pooh themed treats. Super cute stuff. And Bayou Country is actually the keeper of one of the park's hottests selling snacks, which you'll find over at Harbor Galley. You can get cookie packs here in either a sixcount or baker's dozen. The classic chocolate chip version tastes like they've just come right out of the oven. They're fresh and warm and soft and filled with rich gooey chocolate chips and have those slightly crunchy edges. And these cookies taste even better if you're willing to spend a little extra for a whipped dip to dunk them in. Also, be on the lookout for seasonal cookies, too. I will tell you right now, the gingerbread ones that I just had there, unbelievable. So, you might find a six or 13count cookie option made just for the holidays. Harbor Galley also has a few more substantial entree options like soups in a bread bowl as well as crab and shrimp roll. But if you're looking for a greater variety on the menu, Hungry Bear Barbecue Jamberee might be a better fit for your group. This quick service pays tribute to the Country Bears Show that used to be here but still exists in Magic Kingdom. Doesn't make sense, but that's okay. Entre here include meat focused options like a smoked barbecue combo platter, a smoked beef brisket sandwich, and other hearty entre that'll keep you fueled and ready to take on the park again. Yes, Disney is very into barbecue on both coasts at the moment. I feel like I'm just talking about barbecue non-stop in these videos. And if you're looking for a plant-based offering here, you can always turn to the corn rib platter, which is slathered with chili lime, parmesan, crispy onions, cilantro, and scallions, then served with a side of kleslaw and beer battered fries. But what's probably the most unique offering in Bayou Country is Davy Crockett's Explorer canoes. The best ride in Disneyland. Not actually, but I love it. These canoes will have you paddling your way around the rivers of America. So, if you missed arm day at the gym, now's your chance to make up for it. Now, you don't have to paddle if you don't want to or aren't able to, but it does help out the group if you can pitch in. Hot out of the frying pan, straight into the cartoon world. Mickey's Toontown is colorful and creative and a great place to not only ride some rides and meet some characters, but to allow your kids to blow off some steam without waiting in a forever long line to do it. Hot tip here, Toontown tends to close before the fireworks happen. So, double check the Toontown schedule on your Disneyland app before your visit to make sure you hit up all these different attractions before it closes for the night. Mickey's Toontown was entirely transformed at the beginning of 2023 with revamped interactive experiences and brand new attractions. One of the new spaces that debuted in the transformed Toontown is called Centennial Park, which features a large fountain with water tables set at the base to invite and allow guests to play with the water. Nearby is the Dreaming Tree, a tribute to Walt Disney's beloved Cottonwood tree in Marceline, Missouri, where he used to sit and daydream as a kid. The former Gadget Go coaster has been renamed and spruced into the Chip and Dale's Gadget Coaster with the same fun-sized track, but with a new paint job and character props. Then you've got the re-imagined character houses and immersive play areas you can venture through, like Mickey and Minnie's houses, Goofy's How to Play yard, and Donald's duck pond. And if you start to feel a bit peckish after all that playing around, you can swing by Cafe Daisy for a quick bite to eat. Now granted, the food here really isn't anything to write home about, but the pizza flopovers are fun and not too shabby for something familiar, albeit not as typical as your normal pizza slice. But the biggest addition to the Toontown area is Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway, a 2 and 1/2D dark ride where you become a tune yourself to take a relaxing train ride around the park with Goofy as your train conductor. What could possibly go wrong? The biggest difference between Runaway Railway and Disneyland versus Hollywood Studios in Orlando is the Q-ine experience. While Hollywood Studios version takes place in a replica of the Gromins Chinese Theater, Disneyland's version takes place in the El Capitune Theater. And inside the El Capatune, there's a special exhibit created by the Toontown Hysterical Society showcasing life in the tune world before you take off on your Runaway Whaleway adventure. Now, be on the lookout for items and Easter eggs from animation classics like Steamboat Willie and Plane Crazy, Mickey's Christmas Carol, and more throughout the exhibit. Love Runaway Railway and want to remember it forever and ever? Amen. Then check out Engineer Souvenirs for a last minute momento of the Fab Five. Okay, we made it to Star Wars Land. When you enter Galaxy's Edge, you'll be transported to the planet of Batu to live out your own Star Wars adventure. So, what would you like to do first? Maybe join the resistance perhaps feeling a little bit rebellious. Are you? Rise of the Resistance is wicked cool. From the Q- line where you get to see all those stormtroopers lined up in the main room after you're captured by the First Order. Sorry, spoiler alert. To all the complex animatronics that look really real to the dark ride/trackless ride/thrill ride system itself. It's like watching a magic trick unfold. You've got to see it to believe it. Or maybe it's time to take up a roll over on the Millennium Falcon. I heard Honda Anaka is looking for some new pilots and gunners and engineers over at Smugglers Run, especially when all those new updates hit on May 22nd. I also wouldn't blame you if you dove right into the snack scene instead. Galaxy's Edge is home to a lot of different intergalactic entre and treats, and some of those eats are going to be different than the ones you'll find at Galaxy's Edge in Hollywood Studios. These two lands are exactly the same from their blueprints, but you're going to find a few differences here and there. In Disneyland, you'll find the fresh chicken bow from Docking Bay 7. The friedumpet cheese skewer made with crispy potato cheese and mustard cheese dipping sauce. This is truly incredible. From Ronto Roers, the blue milk with golden lykan patty frog eggs. Yeah. Bursting lyche boa pearls there from the milk stand. The lys popped grains, dill pickle seasoned popcorn at Katsaka's kettle. And the garlic cheese five blossom bread with spicy cheese sauce at Oga's Cantina. That is a must eat. OG's got rid of their advanced dining reservations here back in August, so now it's all walk up availability and traditional standby cues only. And if you're just looking to do a little intergalactic shopping, the Black Spire Marketplace can help you out with that, too. Galaxy's Edge is well known for their customizable, albeit pricey, souvenir experiences, like the customized lightsabers you can build at Savvi's Workshop and the build your own droids over at Droid Depot. But no matter what you decide to tick off while you're here, the inner Star Wars fanatic in you is sure to get a kick out of all of this. And even if you're not a huge Star Wars fan, you might become one after a trip to Batu. It is truly outstanding. Now, you know how I mentioned Season of the Force earlier? Yeah, a lot of that event happens right here in Galaxy's Edge. Along with the Hyperspace Mountain transformation, Season of the Force also offers other limited time Star Wars entertainment like projection shows over the Millennium Falcon. Rare Star Wars character meet and greets. Fireworks spectaculars blasting over Batu. New pieces and parts to add to your custom lightsabers at Savvi's workshop. And lots of additional snacks and merchandise opportunities, too. All righty, gang. We got some loose ends that need to be tied up right now. This is why you follow us here at DFB. And by loose ends, I mean the tough Disneyland questions y'all have asked me in the past that I'm going to go ahead and address today. Okay. Are lightning lanes worth it in Disneyland? Well, they can be, especially around peak season times. But honestly, when it comes to Disneyland parks specifically, there's a surprising der of Lightning Lanes going on, especially over in the Fantasy Land area. If you come here early enough before the locals pile in, you should be able to accomplish a lot of rides without the Lightning Lane investment. Though, I will say the added photo pass perk that comes along with a multipass purchase here really does sweeten the Lightning Lane deal. I mean, free photo pass downloads for all the photo pass pictures you take around the park that day and a skip the ride line service too can be a little harder to pass up if you are sort of a photo pass junkie. Okay, what's the absolute best season to visit? Well, I'm going to avoid saying it depends cuz I know that doesn't help you anyway. Though, that's what I want to say if I'm being frank. So, here's what I will say instead. Winter can be tough just because the nighttime entertainment isn't always guaranteed and the temperatures can get pretty chilly. Though the crowds do dip a bit after the New Year's rush, which is nice. Then again, the holiday offerings available before January and February rolls around are definitely magical and worth experiencing at least once. Spring can get busy with spring breakers and graduates, but temperatures will start to perk up again. The nighttime entertainment is going to be more frequent, and fun limited time events like Season of the Forest that I mentioned before will be in full force. Summer, surprisingly enough, doesn't get as packed in Disneyland as it does in Disney World since this is very much a locals park, but it does have its moments, especially around the Fourth of July. For families, summer is definitely the most convenient since most schools are out for summer vacation. Just beware, things might get really warm here during the summer season, so don't forget to hydrate. If you don't have to worry about classes and after-school clubs, you could always hold off and go to Disneyland during its slowest season, back to school around mid August and throughout September for the lightest crowds. But then again, you'll miss out on all the 70th anniversary entertainment by then. And Haunted Mansion might be closed during that time as well to make way for the Nightmare Before Christmas overlay. So, you got to decide what you'd prefer. Fewer crowds and no 70th anniversary extras or those extras and possibly more prominent crowds. Now, fall tends to be really when the crowds dwindle the most. That is until Thanksgiving week when they start picking up speed again. Just keep checking on that nighttime entertainment via the Disneyland calendar cuz it could cut back again when the demand is lower, just like in the winter time. But overall with Disneyland, what you're going to want to think about is that it is indeed, like I said, a locals park. So, people are going to be here more often after 5:00 p.m. and on the weekends. So really just about any time of year, excepting maybe this summer when all the kids are out of school, if you show up here in the early morning and you kind of lock in your ride schedule from like, you know, 9:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m., you're going to have a relatively good experience in terms of crowds. But never say never, right? Like I was in Disneyland last fall and it was bonker balls. So you just never know. But as a rule of thumb, as a general rule of thumb, I would say mornings, early afternoons, you're going to be in a much better situation, especially during the weekdays in Disneyland. Now, is Disneyland food overhyped? I'm honestly going to say no. I have always preferred Disneyland food to Disney World food. Why? I don't know. Maybe it's an element of not having to feed quite as many masses as Disney World has to feed. Maybe it's that they know they've got locals coming in every weekend and they got to change things up and keep things fresh. But something that I definitely want to share with you is that the snacks in Disneyland are incredible. And most of them I'd pick over a main Disneyland table service restaurant in a heartbeat with the exception of the fried chicken from Plaza in and the Monte Cristo sandwiches from Cafe Orleans. Now to be fair, Plaza Inn is a counter service restaurant, but still it's a restaurant. So, snacks versus restaurants, the snacks are always going to be probably a little bit better, except for maybe those two. Now, I will keep it brief, but if you really want to deep dive into the Disneyland dining scene, then check out our 50 things everyone should eat in Disneyland video when you get the chance. I think all the food featured on that list is going to speak for itself. Okay, I'm booking a flight right now and getting myself over to Disneyland. I haven't been to Anaheim in, I don't know, probably about 3 weeks and it's time to go back. I need a Matter Horn macaroon and a ride on Mr. Toads ASAP. And if you feel the same way, uh, how about checking out another one of our Disneyland videos next to keep the vacation planning going, like maybe the best Disneyland snacks under $10. And don't forget to download our recently updated three perfect days in Disneyland guide for free over at disneyfoodblog.com/dyland plans right about now. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog, and we'll see you real soon.
