---
video_id: CHGH7eOIDOs
channel: DFBGuide
title: "10 Things You Didn’t Know Were BANNED in Disney World"
published: 2026-03-16
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CHGH7eOIDOs
---
Disney World has kicked these things to the curb. But were you about to rely on them during your next theme park vacation? Maybe. Here are the things you didn't know were banned in Disney and what you can do instead for a green lit plan B. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. You're probably already aware that Disney World has a list of banned stuff that's totally not allowed in their parks. But not all banned things are as clear-cut no as like weapons. Some things that are banned seem totally innocent, which is why we're going to clear any and all confusion for you today so you don't wind up doing something that's going to accidentally make you the bad guy in the end. Crocs. Wait, are we talking about those kind of silly looking hole covered shoes? Why on earth would those be banned in Disney? And doesn't Disney sell them? Okay, let's clear things up because this banned shoe actually does make sense even though it doesn't seem like it should. The thing is Crocs aren't banned from everywhere in Disney World, but they are banned specifically from escalators at Disney Springs. Escalators and Crocs, they don't get along. Yeah, kind of scary. The shape and material of Crocs makes them very susceptible for getting caught in equipment like this. So, while cast members may not be hovering around the escalators at all times, eyeballing your feet to make sure you're not wearing Crocs on them, it's best for you to follow this rule, you know, for your own safety. And Crocs aren't the only things banned on the Disney Springs escalators. Strollers are too, again, for safety reasons. Fortunately, the only reason you'd really be using an escalator in Disney Springs is to go up and down from the lime and orange parking garages. And if you do happen to be wearing Crocs or bringing a stroller, the parking garages also offer normal non-moving stairs as well as elevators as an alternative. Same thing goes for the twotory Uniqlo store in Disney Springs as well. They have escalators, but they also have escalator alternatives to make sure those crocwearing stroller wielding guests stay safe. By the way, we've also seen some croc casualties over in the land pavilion. You know, on those escalators that go up and down from Sunshine Seasons and soaring and living with the land. So basically, just use the stairs, yo. Just it it'll be cool. It's actually illegal in Disney to do that thing where you suddenly stop walking mid stroll and cause a threeperson pileup behind you. I know it doesn't always feel that way because it still happens and it happens a lot, but it's technically a banned activity for the parks. Disney words it this way. It is prohibited to obstruct sidewalks, entrances, driveways, patios, vestibules, stairways, corridors, halls, and landings. And that's another reason why the oversized strollers and stroller wagons are banned inside Disney World, too. Disney knows how busy these parks can be. And the more they can keep guests moving and keep the pathways open, the better the experience is for everyone and the safer. It's also why folding chairs aren't allowed in the parks either. Now, folding chair for a parade sounds like a great idea, but in practice, it becomes another potential barricade for other guests to have to weave around. So, keep that traffic moving, everyone. Track down your parade spot. ahead of time for the best standing room views, maybe 20 to 30 minutes before they begin. Measure your strollers before you bring them, or rent one at the front of the park, and figure out where you're going before you start walking, cuz you can always veer out of the line of traffic for a moment if you need to stop and refer back to the park map again. Glass containers are banned from the parks because if they drop and shatter, well, you can already fill in the blanks. The only exception are glass baby food jars. Those are still okay to bring. Now, wait a minute, hold the phone. Disney sells glassear, don't they? They have wine bottles and full-on Saravski crystal glass shops. So, why do these rules not apply to these things? Oh, they totally still do. It's just when you purchase a glass item inside Disney, cast members are going to seal it up all nice and tight and protected so your stuff stays safe. And that means you're not allowed to open that glass item until you leave. Don't want to lug around a souvenir that you can't open for the rest of the day? Consider waiting to purchase it until the end of your park day instead. or rent a locker towards the front of the park to stow it in. Just don't forget to retrieve your stuff by the end of the night. Now, packing for a Disney World trip is super exciting and kind of a headache, but we want to make it 10 times easier on you with our free Disney World planning worksheets. Just scan the QR code you see on the screen now or click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/discoplans after this and we're going to send you our full digital companion chalk full of important Disney World info including awesome packing lists and money-saving tips, fill-in-theblank itineraries, reservation timelines, and more. Super duper speedy rundown of the Disney dining plan for you. What it is, it's a way to prepay for all your Disney meals and snacks before your trip. what's included. It depends on whether you pay for the standard or quick service dining plan, but either way, you'll get an aotted amount of credits to spend on meals and snacks. That's basically the gist of it, and we get into all the nitty-gritty DDP details in our maximizing the Disney dining plan guide if you want to grab that over at dfbstore.com after this. We've even got a discount just for our YouTube viewers. All you got to do is type in the code YouTube before you check out. What I want to talk about right now is what's not allowed when it comes to the Disney dining plan, and that's credit borrowing. According to the Disney World website, DDP credits are non-transferable, so they can only be used by the people under your vacation package reservation. So, let's say that you, your spouse, and your two kids are using the dining plan, but Aunt Susan and her two kids are not. Even if your spouse and kids decided to bow out of dinner and choose to grab Mickey De's Door Dash back at the hotel instead, this is totally something my husband and son do on the rag, you can't use those unused credits of theirs to get Aunt Susan and her kids food at a Disney-owned restaurant. That doesn't mean you're not allowed to eat with your friends or family members who aren't using the DDP. You can always book reservations together. Absolutely. You'll just have to make sure and split the bill at the end of the meal. Now, I will say you might want to ask about these rules and clarify them at restaurants where you're planning on ordering like a full pizza for the table since the DDP credit rules for what's allowed and what's not allowed might get a little fuzzy in these instances. And some restaurants may have different rules than others. Also, while your friends who didn't purchase the dining plan may not be able to use your snack credits for you, that doesn't mean you can't purchase, say, a few items at the Epcot Festival booths and share them with the whole group, right? Disney doesn't have cast members stationed and waiting to kick out anyone who shares their DDP purchased dole whip with a non DDP friend. You just have to make sure that you're the person using those credits in the first place. What you do with your snack after that and who you share it with is your call. Um, I'm sorry. Did we make a wrong turn on I4? I thought we were going to Disney World. What do you mean kids are banned? Okay, don't worry. Disney didn't start kicking kids out of their family-friendly parks. Kids are definitely still allowed in most places around Disney World, but they're not allowed everywhere. Take Epcot for instance. Epcot actually has three spots inside the park with age restricted dining. GO82, the new Spaceship Earth themed lounge, is for ages 21 and up. That's it, the whole time. Tumi, the signature Japanese omic aces 8 and up. And Miss Paul, the signature French prefix dining experience over there in France is for ages 10 and up. So technically older kids can go to those last two options. But believe me when I say unless your kid is an absolute food lover, these multi-hour long experiences will more than likely bore them to tears. Now if you walk through Epcot's international gateway, the back side of the park, you can head over to Boardwalk Inn's Atlantic Dance Hall on select nights for a 21 and over dance club experience. Typically, Atlantic Dance Hall is open Thursday through Sunday nights only from 8:00 p.m. to 1:00 a.m. So, way past your kiddos's bedtime. Anyways, if you hop over to Polynesian Village Resort, their enchanted tiki bar, Trader Sam's Gro Grotto, is a familyfriendly destination for most of the day, but after 8:00 p.m., it's reserved for 21 and over only. Meanwhile, inside the Grand Fian, the AAA five diamond rated and Michelin star awarded Victoria and Albert's restaurant doesn't serve guests under 10 years old. Not to mention, over at the Grand Fian Spa, spa services are only for those who are 18 years and older. However, teens ages 14 to 17 can enjoy a spa day as long as they're accompanied by a parent or guardian the entire time. But let's not leave out the kids entirely from a day full of pampering. Select salon and nail services at Grand Fian are available for kids ages five and up. or they can just stick with Bibbid Bobby Boutique in Magic Kingdom for an entire royal makeover experience. That's reserved for kids only ages 3 to 12. It's also important to note that any of the Disney World Resort fitness centers are strictly limited to ages 14 and older. Those who are under the age of 18 can be accompanied by an adult as long as they're 14 and up. Carry-on luggage is great on your flight. It's great for your ride on the Mirrors Connect, which takes you from the Orlando International Airport to your Disney resort for a fee. And it's great once you're inside your hotel room. But the place that's not great or allowed at all inside the Disney bubble is going to be on Disney's free transportation services like the buses, the boats, the Skyliner, and Montreal. So why would this matter? Why would this issue ever come up? Well, it might if you're attempting to save money by using Orlando's public bus system, Lynx, instead of Disney's Mirrors Connect service or some other way to get from the airport to Disney World. Lynx has a route that runs from Disney Springs to Orlando airport without you needing to transfer to a different bus at all. It runs 7 days a week, every 30 minutes between 5:00 a.m. and 11:00 p.m. But the best part about it, the fair is only two bucks for a one-way ride instead of $16 per adult if you book that seat on air's bus or $32 per adult if you choose the roundtrip option. Now, here's the big issue with links, though. You're going to be getting dropped off at Disney Springs, not your Disney World hotel. So, what do you do from there? If you've only got a small backpack or personal item with you, that's fine. You'll still be allowed on the Disney Resort bus. But if it's a whole carry-on suitcase you're toing around, nope, not going to be allowed on. So, you're still going to have to pay for a ride share service to take you the rest of the way to your destination, which could still be cheaper than taking Mirrors. Depends on how many people are in your group, I suppose. Either way, it's still going to be less direct than Mirrors Connect. So, you'll want to weigh the pros and cons and see if that $2 bus fee plus a ride share fee is going to be worth it in the end. Magic Kingdom is not kidding when they say they've got a time limit for their new Pirates of the Caribbean themed lounge, Beacon Barrel. If you go to Beacon Barrel inside Adventure Land during your next visit, you'll only be allowed in there for 45 minutes max. Once your 45 minutes is up, a cast member will come to your table to let you know, and then well, you'll be walking the plank on out of there. So, here's the thing. 45 minutes isn't unreasonable, especially considering how popular this lounge is and how Disney's trying their best to handle the demand to make sure as many folks who want to see this place have the chance to do it. This rule also isn't unfamiliar to us since it's the same case over at Oga's Cantina in Hollywood Studios. 45 minutes and then it's time to go. However, this does mean it's important for you to watch the time. If you finish your first drink and you're offered up a second, consider how long it might take you to finish up round two. You're not going to be allowed to take it to go. And if you're worried that 45 minutes won't give you enough time to fully enjoy the atmosphere of the bar, don't be. The bar has different rooms, but it's still fairly small, so seeing everything during your time here, including the interactive elements, isn't too hard to accomplish. You'll more than likely see really serious pin traders stationed somewhere in the parks on one of your vacation days. They may carry around big binders of trading pins, or they may be decked out with lanyards stuffed to the brim with jangling pins. But the most important thing that you need to know about these folks is that they're really looking to trade with guests instead of cast members in the hopes they'll find more rare, unique, or completer pins that way. You're more than welcome to trade with other guests, too. But it's important to know what's allowed during these sorts of exchanges versus what's not allowed. First of all, unlike cast member trades where a cast member has to trade with a guest, other guests don't have to trade with anybody. So, if you offer up a deal and they say no, it's important that you respect that and vice versa. It's also important to use your best discretion during these trades. While you're only supposed to trade Disney authentic pins, that doesn't mean other types of pins might not sneak into a guest's trader collection. Whether it be on accident or on purpose, so stay on your toes for fakes. Also, you cannot trade other items for Disney authentic pins. No money, no vouchers, no rubber duckies from the local five below. You can only trade authentic Disney pins for other Disney authentic pins. Otherwise, if you try to buy Disney pins from another guest while you're inside the Disney World bubble, that's considered a prohibited activity that could get you in big trouble with Disney security. It's best to just save your pin trading purchases for the Disney gift shops, the Disney Store website, or maybe even one of the two Disney character warehouse locations in the Orlando area, which often sell authentic Disney pins for a whole lot cheaper. I mentioned it earlier, bringing weapons of any kind is strictly prohibited in Disney World. However, Disney still manages to sell them in Epcot's Japan Pavilion and China Pavilion. You can typically purchase katanas in their main gift shops. You can also purchase replica swords over at UK's Crown and Crest. And let's not forget that foam swords are also often sold at Plaza del Soul Kuribe Bizaar located at the end of the Pirates of the Caribbean ride. While training weapons sold in Epcot aren't foam like the ones inside Magic Kingdom, they're all still relatively dull, so they're not as dangerous as they first appear. That being said, I don't recommend trying to wield one of these bad boys while you're walking around the park or anything. Disney security isn't going to take kindly to someone trying to be as swift as the coursing river with all the force of a great typhoon in the middle of the World Showcase. If the temptation is too great, or you just don't want to lug around a huge katana for the remainder of your Disney day, you can always ask the gift shop that you purchased it from to ship it home for you at an extra cost so you don't have to worry about trying to get it into your check luggage. You won't absolutely will not be able to bring it as a carry-on for your plane ride back home. Lightsabers, yes. Actual swords, no. So, this is a new rule, but a rule nonetheless. Starting in 2026, Fort Wilderness's fully equipped campsites will now only occupy up to eight guests versus the 10 they used to allow. For the record, this doesn't impact the Fort Wilderness cabins. Those are and will continue to be for six guests max. But if you're looking to camp on Disney grounds with your big group, well, you may have to narrow it down to your top eight favorite folks, or consider booking a second campsite to accommodate everyone else. Disney rules are fascinating. Like, did you know Disney cast members have their own very specific and very interesting set of rules that they have to follow in order to keep their jobs in the parks? It's true. If you want to learn more about all that, go ahead and check out our video called 11 Unbreakable Rules Disney Employees Must Follow. And don't forget to download our free Disney World planning worksheets over at disneyfoodblog.com/dyplans so we can send those to your email ASAP. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real soon.
