---
video_id: J2oFmFOGPxo
channel: DFBGuide
title: "50 SECRETS That Will Completely CHANGE Your Disney Cruise"
published: 2026-01-15
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J2oFmFOGPxo
---
You might know the basics of Disney Cruise Line, but if you're ready to take a deeper dive and learn about hidden discounts, under the radar ship offerings, and the lesserk known ways to modify your trip for the better, then you've come to the right place, cuz these DCL secrets will completely change your next Disney cruise in the best way possible. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. Whatever the reason was that led you to clicking on today's video, welcome. We are glad you could make it, and we're so excited to share a ton of Disney Cruise Line secrets with you, ranging from tips and tricks to hidden Easter eggs. And the DFB team and I have collectively been on not just a few cruises, but tons of Disney cruises, including every single ship in Disney Cruise Line. And we've got a reservation for Singapore here in a month or so. And that means we've got a lot of secrets coming from all areas of the team who've experienced the highs and the lows of sailing. We're ready to give you the deets on everything we've gathered up over the past 15 years of Disney sailings. Okay, here's how to get a bigger stateateroom without a bigger price point. Disney Cruise Stateooms are broken up into four different categories. The inside are the cheapest cuz they don't have a window or port hole and they're fairly tiny. The ocean view stateooms will give you either two smaller port hole windows or one big one. The veranda staterooms have their own outdoor private balcony. And the concierge stateaterooms are the most expensive, but also have the most wiggle room and the most extra amenities on top of the stateateroom price. But here's something that you might not know about each stateateroom style. Even after you choose a specific stateateroom category, not all rooms are created equal within that category. When you go to book your stateateroom, you'll get an entire view of the deck plans, which will give you the option to choose any specific room location that you want. And yes, the location you choose really can make all the difference. We cover specifically what different stateaterooms you should be on the lookout for during our ultimate guide to Disney Cruise Line 2026 video up on the channel now. But one of our favorite new secrets that we spilled during that video is how some stateateroom locations will provide you with more square footage depending on the ship's layout without requiring you to pay more money for them. Example, if you book a deluxe family ocean view stateateroom on the Disney Dream, there are a few rooms toward the front of the ship that have a more spacious split floor plan. Room numbers 518, 5020, 5022, 5518, 552, and 5522. And some of the veranda staterooms have bigger outside decks than others. According to the Disney website, typically the aft stateaterooms have the bigger verandas, though that's not always a guarantee. But yeah, not all rooms are created equal. Definitely look at those deck plans to figure out which ones are going to be the biggest. And also note that longtime cruisers, they know about those rooms. So those are the ones that are going to go first. So that's why you want to book in advance. Now, if you don't care about where your stateateroom is located on the ship, but you do care about paying a lot less money for your cruise, find the guaranteed options for the inside, ocean view, and veranda categories. When you choose guaranteed, this grants Disney permission to basically put you in whatever stateateroom that's most convenient for them, not necessarily you, but by doing this, you'll potentially save 20 to 30% or more on your vacation overall. Now, the one thing that is guaranteed is you'll get the category you originally chose. So, inside stateroom, veranda, stateateroom, whatever. So, you don't have to worry about paying for a veranda and not getting a veranda. [music] But the rest is all up to Disney. On embarcation day, the census spa and salon usually has an open house that features tours of the facility. But one of the biggest reasons why you're going to want to go on this tour is so you can be entered into the spa treatment raffle contest. If you win this free raffle, you'll get an onboard credit to use for a free massage. So, what's to lose, right? Even if you don't wind up winning anything, you may receive a special incentive or discount if you book a spa appointment during the open house. But these incentives vary based on your cruise. As with any Disney Cruise Line activity, you can find your tour schedules via the Disney Cruise Line Navigator app. Just as an added thanks for trusting us to help you plan every little detail of your Disney cruise, be sure to scan the QR code you see on the screen right now or click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/cruise planning after this. And we're going to send you the download link for our free Disney Cruise Ultimate Guide, which is a lot like our ultimate guide video, just a whole lot more interactive with packing lists and fill-in-theblank worksheets and specific breakdowns for every Disney Cruise Line ship. And again, that's totally free. So, Disneyfoodblog.com/cruise planning or the uh QR code. So, let me just give you a brief glimpse of what exactly we have in that free digital Disney cruise line guide of ours with this next point. One of the most common questions we get when it comes to Disney cruises is just how different each of the ships are. And while each ship has essentially the same operation styles with rotational dining, Broadway style shows, premium lounges, etc., That doesn't mean you're going to be getting the exact same experience on every ship. In our free Disney Cruise Line guide, we break down all the key differences between every ship, including the unique Broadway style lineup featured on board. While some ships have overlapping stage shows, others feature completely unique shows that you're only going to find on those specific ships and nowhere else. For example, Tangled the Musical and Twice Charmed and Original Twist on the Cinderella story are both only on the Disney Magic right now. The Little Mermaid is only on the Disney Wish. Disney The Tale of Moana is only on the Disney Treasure. And Hercules is only on the Disney Destiny. Hook's Barbarie is a Captain Hook themed full service bar available on the Disney Wish, Treasure, and Destiny. Here you can get a haircut, a shave, nail care, skincare, and booze. Yep, booze. There's a hidden bar that's stocked with pre-rohibition drinks hiding out at Hooks, including bourbons, vintage whiskey and ports, aged rum, and premium spirits. So, go ahead, order up and cut off those dead ends while you're at it. Why, yes, there are more hidden drink options stashed away across the Disney ships. With each new ship, the Disney lounges have started getting more and more immersive, which means the drinks are getting more immersive and novelty driven, too. Here are just a few that you can keep an eye out for, or maybe do a little extra searching to find if need be. Not all these options are clearly labeled on the lounge menus after all. The Restless Spirits cocktail at the Haunted Mansion parlor on board the Disney Treasure and the Disney Destiny is a secret two-person cocktail experience that you can only unlock if you find and solve the hidden riddle on your lounge menu tablets. The dimension drink served on the Disney Destiny over at the Sanctum is like the 2.0 Ino version of the fuzzy tonton from Oga's Cantina at Disney's Galaxy's Edge. Much like the fuzzy tonton, the dimension drink also gives your tongue a tingling sensation when you sip it due to the electric dust. But along with that, it's also [music] served in a special interactive glass that makes it look like electricity is coursing through your fingertips whenever [music] you touch it. And at Hyperspace Lounge in the Disney Wish, you can actually order a $5,000 cocktail called the Kyber Crystal, which isn't just a drink, but is actually a full-on experience package that comes with silverplated souvenir glasses, various Star Wars merchandise pieces like a themed backpack, water bottle, room decor, etc. a bottle of Skywalker Vineyard sparkling wine delivered to your stateateroom. And here's the kicker, a voucher for up to four people for a future visit to Skywalker Ranch in Northern California, which is an exclusive Lucasfilm property not open to the general public. And since we've been on the subject of lounges, I want to warn you about something real fast. Disney Cruise lounges aren't open at the same time. For instance, last time I was on the Wish, the Bayou opened earlier on in the day to start serving up those mighty fine beignes. Hyperspace Lounge opened in the early afternoon, like around 1:00 p.m. Kean Compass opened around 2:00 p.m. and Night and Gale's Piano Bar didn't open till 5. So, if you go to one of these lounges, and they're the only lounge open and available at the moment, then that lounge might get way more slammed versus later on when more stuff is open to disperse those thirsty crowds. So, keep checking on lounge schedules via the Disney Cruise Line Navigator app or check on those daily hours featured right outside the lounges themselves. And keep in mind that lounge schedules can and do change regularly. In case you're unfamiliar with how rotational dining aboard Disney Cruises works, you'll be rotating between three highly themed all-inclusive restaurants for each of your dinners all vacation long. You'll also keep the same weight staff for all those meals, meaning your server will get to know your specific likes and dislikes and allergy concerns really, really well. As soon as you connect to the cruise Wi-Fi and the ship's terminal, you're going to be able to check out your rotational dining schedule to see which restaurants you'll be dining at on which nights. But if you're not thrilled with the schedule that you're currently seeing, you can try to change it by going to guest relations as soon as you get on the ship. Just keep in mind that this will be your only time that you can change things up because once you've set sail, your dining schedule will be signed, sealed, and delivered. There are a handful of different activities and seminars that you'll need to book before your cruise in order to secure your spot for them. But because some of these extras are so incredibly popular, like the beverage tasting seminars and premium adult dining experiences, they could completely book up before you get the chance to reserve them. But don't lose hope, friends. Often last minute availability is going to pop up on your Navigator app right when you board. So check and see if you can snag any last minute reservations during those first few moments of embarcation. [music] If you're still having trouble booking a certain experience, it's also worth heading over to guest services right when you board just to see if a crew member can help you find any last minute availability that you're not seeing on your end. This isn't exactly a foolproof solution, but it's worked more than once for us, so you might as well try it, too. And if you want to dine at those adults only restaurants like Palo or Remy or Anante and you couldn't get a reservation, head up there to those restaurants as soon as you get on the ship and see if they've got any availability during your cruise that you might be able to slide into. Want to add some more Disney touches to your kids stateateroom bed? Just ask your stateateroom host. Many times, crew members can put character themed sheets on your kid's bed when they come to clean your room during the day, which is a fun little surprise for your kids to see whenever they come back to the room for a quick catnap or bedtime. All the top deck water features super fun, but everyone else thinks that, too, which is why they can get wildly busy in the middle of your sea days. The best times to check out your ship's pools and water slides is on day one when people who aren't in the know don't actually think these things are open yet, but they are. And you know it because now you're in the know. Other great times to ride that Aqua Mouse or Aqua Duck or any of the other top deck water features are right at the start of the day. lots of folks are just getting in line for breakfast or during dinner and the show if you're willing to skip a rotational meal for backtoback aqua mouse aqueduct ride-throughs. Basically, if it's a popular time for people to eat, it's going to be a less popular time for people to swim and ride rides. So, take [music] advantage of that. If you want to ease your kiddos into the idea of hanging out at the Oceaner Club, aka the kids only club during your voyage, be sure to take advantage of those open house opportunities. During open house, the front gates of these clubs stay open, allowing families to enjoy some of the club programs and activities together. Open house is going to happen a few different times throughout the cruise. But if you go early on during embarcation day, it'll allow you to get a head start on getting your kid accustomed to the club and maybe even allow them to make a friend or two before you even sail away. Tucked away in a secret spot on the Disney Destiny is Dr. Facilia's parlor. You can ask a nearby cast member to help point you in the right direction if you're struggling to find it, and they can show you the way. This is one of the first times we've ever seen something this exclusive on a Disney cruise. The parlor only takes very small groups into the room at a time, like around 10 people. And once you're in the parlor, Dr. Facilia will do some uplose parlor tricks in a 10-minute presentation that'll make you feel like you're really conversing with the shadow man. Whenever you find yourself at one of the Disney Cruise food halls or buffets, you know, like Marceline Market or Cabanas, check out the soft drink fountain and look for the juices, right? Look for the one called Orchard's Finest. Turns out this is Disney's staple Pog Juice that we rave about all the time when we're in the Disney parks made with passion fruit, orange, and guava juices. Your cruise may not always have Pog on board, but it's worth checking just in case it is available because nobody should have to miss out on endless Pog Juice. Don't want to bother with the food hall breakfast crowds? Breakfast can be delivered straight to you so you can start your day with a relaxing bite to eat while watching the ocean waves from the comfort of your balcony. If you have a balcony, that is. Otherwise, you can get all comfy cozy with Mickey waffles in bed. The room service breakfast menu is typically available from 7:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m. However, room service is available 24 hours [music] and is totally free for you to use. That being said, give room service some time. This isn't like a fast food restaurant where you'll order and get everything you asked for in seconds. Room service does take time to get prepped and ready after you call it in. That being said, you can pre-order room service and select a preferred delivery time for later on using the room service order card. typically found in your stateateroom drawer. By the way, even though the food is completely free and covered in the cost of your cruise, don't forget to tip your delivery person. Before you ask, yes, breakfast in the buffets is really that chaotic. In the morning, ravenous passengers will be flocking to the breakfast buffet. But if you want to avoid all those people, but you don't necessarily want to eat breakfast in your room and get crumbs all over the bed, you can choose a sit-down meal alternative if you'd like. Select dining room areas aboard your cruise might be available for you to eat [music] at instead. Normally, you'd eat at these dining room locations during one of your rotational dinners, but some of these restaurants open in the morning, too, for a more casual and relaxed and still all-inclusive table service experience for breakfast. Just like the Disney theme parks, Disney Cruise Line also has photo pass on board, giving you the chance to purchase photo packages featuring digital and print professional pictures to help remember your big trip. And also like the Disney theme parks, if you purchase photo pass packages before your cruise, you can get them for cheaper than you would if you purchase them during or after your cruise. There are different photo pass package price points depending on how many photos you're wanting, as well as how long your cruise itinerary is. But if you hold off on the package and you end up just wanting one picture instead of a bunch of pictures, you can also purchase pictures all a cart as a print and or digital download for around $15 to $20 each. Premium over-the-top sundaes can be ordered for an additional cost at specialty ice cream and candy shops aboard the ships like Edna Alamode, like you'll find on the Disney Destiny and Vanilla Peas sweets and treats that you'll find on the Dream. But if you want to like brag about how awesome your premium sundae is, you can actually have your sundae pre-ordered and delivered to your table during your rotational dinner that night. You will absolutely be the envy of just about everybody because no one knows you can do this. If you book a cruise with a longer sailing itinerary, then you'll be visiting certain rotational dining experiences more than once. But don't for a second think you're going to be getting the exact same experience and menu all over again. To keep things fresh, repeat dining room visits will switch things up during your next go-around. Couple of examples for you. When you eat at Plaza de Coco on the Disney Treasure, night one is themed around the lively Mariachi Plaza, while night two transforms into a vibrant Dia de los Muertos Fiesta. In an animator's palette featured on the Disney Magic, Dream, Fantasy, Wonder, and soon to be adventure. The first visit here will be fairly standard, or it'll have Crush the Sea Turtle swimming around between tables to shoot the seab breeze. But the second visit will feature an interactive animation magic show where you'll draw a character and watch it come to life on the screens around the restaurant. When you're at one of the Disney Cruise Line bars, ask about the Somalier bin. The Somalier bin is designated for open bottles of wine. If a guest orders a particular type of wine that hasn't been opened yet, then the rest of that bottle will need to be used on the same day to guarantee its freshness. And that means you can sometimes get a really pricey glass of wine for a base price if you order whatever is in the Somalier bin during the time of your visit. Your mileage may vary because sometimes you'll just end up with a standard wine you could have gotten literally anywhere else. But still, you get wine either way and for potentially cheaper price points, too. Again, this isn't a guarantee, but it doesn't hurt to check. Disney cruises like to invite guest performers to sail along with them. And while every performer is going to put on a great specialty musical performance, some of those performers might have names that are a little more familiar to you, as in they come straight from Broadway to perform standalone shows in the cruise's main atriums, piano bars, or even on the theater stages. [music] It's all totally random. Of course, you won't know if one of your favorite Broadway stars is actually going to be performing on your cruise or not until embarcation day when you'll finally get to see the full lineup of ship activities. [music] But this is just your reminder to really take a good look at those ship schedules once they're posted on your DCL Navigator app and heart those ones like stick that like click that little heart right so that you know what you want to prioritize and make sure you don't miss out on it. We are pretty much obsessed with the lounge scene going on at the Disney Destiny and that includes the first ever Marvel Cinematic Universe themed lounge called the Sanctum. Now the Sanctum is inspired by the magical/mstical Dr. strange. And while the drinks here are admittedly hit or miss, the waffles here, yeah, they said waffles, are a home run. The mystic waffles are not all-inclusive. They will cost you an extra $5, but the DFB reporters thought the extra price was worth dipping into their pockets for. These waffles are stuffed with your choice of custard or mixed berry and then served with your choice of maple syrup or hazelnut spread. Now, they do take a bit to come out, so you might have to pack your patient panties, but that's because they're made fresh with an outside that's warm and slightly crisp along with a nice fluffy inside featuring a perfect waffle to custard ratio. If you're sharing a stateateroom with your buddies and you don't want to push all the payment onto one person's credit card, since ship purchases will all be charged to your stateateroom account, you're more than welcome to split the bill during or at the very end of your cruise before getting off the ship. Just head over to guest services and they'll help you divide, conquer, and adjust payment plans as necessary. And while the ships are mostly cashless, you'll still want to bring cash for souvenirs outside of the ship and Disney's private island destinations, as well as for when you want to tip the folks who aren't part of that automatic gratuitity payment. Prepaid gratuitities will not cover other crew members like room service, adult exclusive dining servers, port adventure crew members, census spa and salon crew members, and the concierge lounge team. So, if you're going to be taking part in any of those extra activities, it's a good idea to keep some extra cash handy. Alcohol packages aren't a thing on Disney Cruise Line, but wine packages are. You can pre purchase a wine package through onboard gifts via the Disney Cruise Line website, which will let you choose a wine package, lock in bottle prices, and typically help you save up to 25% per bottle, according to the Disney Cruise Line website. But keep in mind that there is an 18% gratuitity added when you're buying a package. Now, afraid you'll buy a wine package, but won't be able to finish a bottle during dinner? Hakuna Matata. Just let your server know and they'll go ahead and recork it for you so you can save it for your next meal [music] or you can take it back up to your stateateroom to enjoy later on. Wine packages aren't the only reason for you to check out on board gifts before your cruise. They also offer specialty celebration cakes, full water packages, a family nautical package, including a tote bag and a game set and luggage straps and a bunch of other stuff and more. Now, onboard gifts can be a great way to surprise your friends and family with a little extra something before your trip kicks off, too. Or it can help you stock up on drinks for the room with no extra hassle. Though, you're still more than welcome to pack your own drink cases if you want to get them for cheaper at your local grocery store. But even if you aren't sailing and you know someone who is, you should be able to still get them [music] kind of a gift from Onboard Gifts before they go. Okay, so maybe you don't want to buy a bunch of drinks from Disney Cruise Line because they jack up the prices, right? So, what does bringing your own drinks onto the ship with you look like? If you want to bring bottles of water, you're allowed to bring a full 12pack case of factory sealed bottles with you. Or you can bring even more bottles of water on board if you distribute them throughout your carry-ons. [music] Though, in my personal experience, I find it easier to just bring a reusable water bottle instead or rely on the complimentary soda and water fountains that you'll find near the pool. When it comes to boozy stuff, you can't bring on board anything harder than beer or wine. But each guest, ages 21 and over, is allowed to bring up to two unopened bottles of wine or champagne, 750 ml or less, or up to six beers, 12 oz or less. Each Disney cruise offers free Disney movies in multiple spots around the ship throughout the cruise, like out on the Funnel Vision screen near the pools and the ship's movie theaters. And while some Disney movies shown are the ones you've probably seen countless times before, others are brand new that have possibly just hit theaters or maybe haven't even yet hit theaters and you're now one of the first people that's going to get the chance to see it. It's fun to be surprised by what movies are going to be showing when you first arrive. But if you'd like to know what movies will be playing on your ship ahead of time so you can plan ahead, just call up Disney Cruise Lines customer service. That's 800951-3532 when you're getting close to your sale date and ask. Customer service should have a good idea about what movies are going to be playing on board when you're at least 14 days out from your trip. For new cruisers and season pros alike, make sure to check into your stateateroom as soon as you can. The earlier you check in, which for new cruisers will still be 30 days out right at midnight, the earlier you'll be able to board the ship. And the earlier you board, the more time you get to spend on board, which means you can have your first all-inclusive lunch and ride the water slides with little to no lines. If you're a night owl like me, make sure you get around to visiting your ship's atrium at either 1000 p.m. or midnight, or both. If you're cruising on the Disney Wish, Treasure, or Destiny, Nope, this isn't a real kiss, or even a chocolate kiss for that matter. This is Disney's way of telling you goodn night friends with a little twinkling light show and music before bed. On the Disney Wish, the kiss good night is themed around Cinderella. On the Treasure, it's themed around Aladdin. And on the Disney Destiny, it's themed around Black Panther. Of course, those are the statues right in the atriums. To be fair, a classic cup of coffee on board the ships is always included in your stateateroom price. But if you're looking for the, I don't know, fancy stuff like the cappuccinos, the Frappuccinos, maybe other Java drinks that also rhyme, you'll have to go to the premium coffee shops and pay for those. That being said, select premium coffee shops on the ships might offer you a stamp card. These stamp cards work like loyalty programs, so once you purchase five specialty drinks, you'll get your sixth one free. Stamp cards can be used at cafes like Cove Cafe, that's the adults only location on every cruise ship, and various other premium cafes as well. Just ask your barista if stamp cards are redeemable at the cafe you're in. If part of your New Year's resolution is to complete a 5K, you can do that at Disney's Castaway Key. Unlike the Run Disney races, the Castaway Key 5K isn't something you have to sign up for, and you don't have to pay anything for it either. Once you're on the island, you can just start running this race whenever the mood strikes you. Though, I'd probably recommend the earlier you can start running, the better, because that island sun is no joke. The starting line is near the bike rental station on the family beach. And after you've completed the race, you want to get on your Disney Cruise Line Navigator app and track down where you'll be able to pick up your 5K rubber matt cuz you earned it. And since we're already on the subject, whenever you're at Disney's Castaway Key or Disney's Lookout Key, you won't be able to shop inside your ship anymore cuz all the stores close when you're in port, right? However, you will be able to shop around Castaway and Lookout for specific island destination merch that you won't find back on the ship. So, take advantage of that. You can also get Castaway Key 5K merch that nobody else is going to be able to get, right? Cuz they, you know, aren't on Castaway Key. So, grab that when you see it. Maybe you don't want to run a 5K. Maybe you'd rather take things nice and easy and just stroll for a little bit while you're on board your ship to get the heart pumping and make room for more unlimited ice cream. Many passengers, though, don't realize that the Disney Cruise Line ships offer walking and jogging tracks on board, meaning you might be able to step away from the cruising crowds to take a nice leisurely walk without a whole lot of people crowding your path. Not to mention, these jogging and walking tracks can sometimes take you [music] past some really unique spots on the ship. For instance, on select Disney Cruise Line ships, there's a port hole along the track that actually looks into some of the ship's kitchens. So, these little trails can wind up weaving you past a few behindthe-scenes areas that you wouldn't have experienced otherwise. With that being said, the running deck on the Disney Wish, Treasure, and Destiny, you know, this is the bane of my existence, are awkward. Instead of having a continuous track like the older ships have, these new tracks are broken up. So you have to go up some stairs and crossovers to actually complete a full lap, but you might still want to at least walk around them just to check things out and again prepare for more soft serve. But just to supplement this point really quickly, you can always go to the ship gym and use the treadmills there if you, [music] you know, want to get a a fullon workout. You know, I tend to like walking in the outside, so that's why I use the [music] ship's walking trails. If you're planning on cruising with the Disney Dream or Fantasy soon, do not miss out on the Midship Detective Agency experience. The Midship Detective Agency is an immersive game that takes guests all around the ship to solve an interactive mystery. There are three different mysteries to choose from, which will include Mickey and Friends, characters from Disney's 101 Dalmatians, or your favorite Muppet nuisances. And we are a sucker for a good oldfashioned Muppet caper. This is a great way to not just keep the whole family entertained, but also gives you a chance to thoroughly explore the ship more than you might have done if left to your own devices. The Disney Wish, Treasure, and Destiny also have their own onboard interactive game called Disney Uncharted Adventure. This one uses the Navigator app plus AR technology on your mobile device to transform your phone into a magical spy glass, which you can use to track down Disney constellations and interact with all sorts of fan favorite characters while seeking out the missing magic of the wishing star. If you don't get a room with an ocean view on your Disney dream or fantasy cruise, you've still got quite the magical experience in store for you, waiting right outside your port hole. The inside stateaterooms on these two cruise ships have these magical port holes that'll show you a virtual look across the ocean in real time. But that's not all. Every now and then, a Disney friend will pop up to wave hello or fly on by. So you never know who you might see. On the Disney Wish, Disney Treasure, and Disney Destiny, you'll be able to ride the Aqua Mouse water coaster. But not just one version, lots of versions. Each day you're going to see a poster outside the Aqua Mouse letting you know which story line is currently playing out during the little tunnel section that happens during the uphill climb. Again, story lines change up daily, not with every ride. So, make sure to go back and see what story line is currently happening each day so you can try to knock them all out before the end of your cruise. And don't forget, there are little Easter eggs in each of these story lines. So, I like to ride them multiple times so I can see everything. There's no escaping that staple Disney treat. As it turns out, you can get Dole Whip on your Disney cruise, too. On the Disney Magic, Dream, and Fantasy, Dole Whips can be picked up at Frozone Treats. On the Wonder, you can get them at Sully's Sips. And on Disney Wish, Treasure, and Destiny, Dole Whip is abundant at Weezy's Freezies. Warning though, Dole Whip is not the same on a cruise ship as it is in the [music] parks. Usually, it comes as part of a drink like a cocktail or a mocktail or a float. And even on its own, it's more of a smoothie than soft serve ice cream. That being said, if your drew itinerary takes you to Nassau, there's a spot located just to the right of the port entrance where you can grab nine different Dolehip flavors in the traditional soft serve form. The cups are pretty pricey here, but you'll be able to find pineapple and orange, raspberry, strawberry, lemon, lime, cherry, watermelon, and pomegranate. During your cruise, you may notice these pouches or felt organizers displayed in front of other cruisers stateaterooms. These are affectionately called fish extenders. Fish extenders are a secret Santalike concept created by Disney Cruise Line fans, not Disney Cruise Line, where you can leave little goodies for other cruisers outside their doors. Most folks find their fish extender friends through Disney Cruise Line forums online, like on Facebook or whatever. But if you decide to do this too, make sure the forum you're using to meet these cruise line companions is reliable and that you're not giving away any super personal information through these websites. You do not, I repeat, do not have to participate in this if you don't want to. But if you think it'd be kind of fun to drop some cute little stickers and keychains and lanyards as a surprise gift for someone else and hopefully receive some surprise gifts in return, then by all means do your research and find out how to get involved. You can make fish extenders yourself or you can buy them off Etsy or Amazon if you want to take part in this passenger organized event. Heads up, the reason why they're called fish extenders is because way back on the early ships, the little clip next to your door that Disney would use to leave you notifications and reminders was a little fish. And it is still on some of the cruise ships. And so they hang them on those little clips and that's why they're called fish extenders. Now, if you're looking to send a wish you were here card, you can do that once you're docked to Castaway Key. You can mail a Castaway Key postcard straight from the island's post office. Or if you're looking for something a little more unique, you can also send a message in a bottle. Whatever you choose, all mailing options can be found in the island's gift shops. But here's the catch. The post office not always open. And that's cuz it's not run by Disney, but by the locals. So, the hours are a little more hit and miss. Even if the post office is closed, you can still mail letters back home. Right outside the office, there's a little dropbox you can leave your mail in. That way, even after you leave the island, the locals will still be able to send it off once the post office reopens. Just remember, you'll need a Bahamian stamp on your mail before you drop it off. If the post office is closed, you can purchase these stamps from your ship's guest services desk. When it comes to your rotational dining meals, everything is up for grabs. Now, the menu is laid out in three courses: appetizers, entre, desserts, but you can order anything you'd like from any of these courses, as much or as little as you want. So, if you're split between two different entre, maybe you need to order both to share with the table. Or if you just like to make your meal out of three different appetizers, you're more than welcome to do that, too. Everything's included, so now's your chance to get adventurous and try something new. The Senses Spa can be a great way for the grown-ups to relax and enjoy some peace and quiet and professionally executed massage. But during your massage treatment, your masseuse might recommend purchasing the product that they're using on you. I'm here to tell you right now, it is okay to say no thank you if you are not interested. No one's going to hate you for turning down an upsell. In fact, your masseuse will get the hint and drop the pitch so you can return to your regularly scheduled spa treatment. No hurt feelings attached. Unless you do want to purchase the product, then by all means, go for it. But don't be afraid to say no. It's absolutely okay. Depending on which Sensus Spa package you choose, you might wind up spending a whole heap of money for a short, although relaxing session. But if you're looking for a more affordable way to enjoy the Senses Spa, I suggest booking or pre-booking a pass for the Rainforest Room. The rainforest room doesn't give you a private massage, but it will give you access to the spa's aroma therapy, waterfall showers, dry sauna, steam baths, and heated tie loungers. And best of all, you don't have to book a specific time to use the spot. You can just come and go with your Rainforest Pass as you please. There are two types of passes available: 1-day passes and cruise length passes. [music] According to the Disney website, 1-day passes are only sold on board, while the cruise length passes you can preurchase through the Navigator app. once your booking window opens up. And here's a little tip. If you have a lot of people in your stateateroom and there's only that one shower, you can always go up and shower in the gym area. Those showers are bigger, there's [music] more space, and you know, sometimes you just need to get away. There may be a time when you have to sadly miss one of those Broadway style stage shows on board at the ship. Maybe it's cuz your kid is cranky or because you're feeling a little seasick and need to go lie down for a little bit or the rest of the night. But whatever the reason, there is a channel on your stateateroom TV that'll play the shows in the evening for you if you're unable to attend that night's performance in person. Already dreaming about the next Disney cruise, even though you're still in the middle of your current one? Disney's going to give you a nice discount if you decide to book a future cruise during your current cruise. I know they know us well, don't they? And they know how to manipulate us. So, this is what Disney calls their placeholder reservation. If you make a reservation for a future cruise that sails within the next 24 months of the one you're currently sailing on, normally you can save 10% off voyage fair for most sailings. But depending on your future cruis's timeline, you might be able to save even more than that, like 20 to 25%. Before you board, you can check on those placeholder reservation details via the Disney Cruise Line website. Disney's Island destination rentals for snorkels and floaty tubes, etc. can either be made before your cruise while you're booking all your other extra premium activities or on your Castaway Key or Lookout Key day once you're at one of their rental locations on the island. That being said, if you plan on snorkeling at either location, you might want to bring your own snorkel gear from home for a cheaper experience. That way, you don't have to pay 30 bucks for rental gear for each member of your family. But hauling a bunch of snorkel gear in your carryons is [laughter] also kind of fraught with peril. So, do what's best for you, but just be aware of what the cost is to rent that snorkel gear. Though, it might be easiest and most convenient to book any of your port excursions directly through Disney, that's not your only activity booking option for overseas ports of call. Depending on where your port of call is, you can book third-party excursions if you want, which could take you around new areas that a Disney specific excursion might not go to, including unique places to sightsee or shop or scuba dive, etc. Although these third-party excursions are often cheaper than what Disney offers, there is one major downside. If your excursion happens to run late and it's not a Disney run excursion, then your cruise ship will not wait for you, meaning you'll have to find another way to get back home, and that would put a damper on your trip. But if your Disney excursion runs late, the ship will wait until you're safe and sound back on board. When you order a specialty coffee or other caffeinated beverage at one of the Disney Cruise cafes, ask your barista if they can add a Disney character to it. That way, instead of just getting a normal boring cappuccino, you can have one with a Disney character dusted right on the top. And come on, how can a coffee topped off with Stitch not make your caffeinated beverage 10 times better? Oh, the cruise is over already. Now, the night before you have to leave the ship, remember, you're supposed to have your suitcases tagged and outside your door by 10:45 p.m. if you want them picked up and unloaded off the ship for you. You don't have to do this, though. You absolutely can take your bags off the ship yourself. But if you don't put them out there, then you will absolutely have to keep your luggage with you and roll it down to breakfast in the morning. Your final breakfast takes place at the last rotational restaurant you experience the night before, just minus the extra flare in entertainment. in with a lot more eggs and then it'll be time to say your final goodbyes before heading back to reality. Disembarking can take a while because it's a lot like boarding a flight. [music] But if you want to get off the ship faster, then keep your luggage with you overnight and leave as soon as the ship has cleared customs, which is usually around 7:30 or 8:00 a.m. That way, you can just skip that final breakfast and jump ship ASAP, [music] which you may want to do if you've got that afternoon flight to catch. Okay, our final point. Less of a secret and more of a new DFB tradition. Next to the statue of Aladdin and Jasmine in the atrium of the Disney Treasure, you're going to be able to find Genie's lamp. Kind of like touching the plane before it takes off for good luck. Anytime the DFB crew gets on the Disney Treasure, we rub the lamp for good luck and a fantastic cruise ahead. And we are totally cool if you jump on board the bandwagon with us. Or you want a real secret? Fine. Look closely at it and you'll spy one of those all too famous hidden Mickeys. Cruising with Disney has never been so fun and there's still a lot more coming down the Disney Cruise Line pipe as we speak. [music] They've got a ton of new ships that they are going to introduce over the next 10 years. So, be sure to keep tuning back here as more cruise line news and openings are announced. Check out some of our other recent Disney Cruise Line videos like the things I'll never do again on Disney Cruise Line, which is a fun one. And don't forget to download that free ultimate guide to Disney Cruise Line over at disneyfoodblog.com/cruiseplanning. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real soon.
