---
video_id: DIq52PDTRA0
channel: DFBGuide
title: "50 Disneyland Tips Only the Pros Know"
published: 2026-02-25
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIq52PDTRA0
---
We are back in Disneyland today to show you how to find the secret menu items, meet rare characters, track down hidden gems, and do a whole lot of other stuff that only the Disneyland pros know about. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. So, I was starting to miss our parks and snacks out on the West Coast. So, I thought, you know what? Let's spend a whole day across all of Disneyland hanging out with our West Coast reporter crew. Our DF Disneyland reporters have gathered up their favorite Disneyland tips from being in the parks every single day. And now they're ready to share them all with you for your upcoming trip. Disneyland's 70th anniversary celebration started up on May 16th, 2025, and it's not set to end until August 9th, 2026. So that means you still have time to experience the best of the celebration before it all wraps up. But what do our reporters claim are the best experiences to prioritize during this limited time event? Those exclusive nighttime shows. In Disneyland Park, you've got Paint the Night Parade and the Wondrous Journeys Projection Show and Fireworks. Meanwhile, in DCA, you've got World of Color Happiness that's made its big debut for this celebration. Keep in mind that evening entertainment isn't 100% guaranteed every day, though World of Color does tend to be a little more consistent. You'll want to go to the Disneyland website or the app before your visit and look at the 5-day event schedule just to see what the show schedules are going to look like while you're going to be there. You can also go to a specific show's main page and check out what their show times are going to be for up to a month or so out at a time. Disneyland is all about the seasonal snacks, right? It is a locals park, which means they keep changing things up. So, it's a little bit different just about every weekend. Is it Valentine's Day? Great. Let's bring out the alien macaroons with the big hard eyes at Alien Pizza Planet. Is it Christmas? Got to get those handmade candy canes going over at the confectionaries. 70th anniversary season. Well, we got hundreds of seasonal options just in time for the big celebration. Most of Disney's quick services and snack stands have a special section on their menu just for limited edition snacks and goodies. But these snacks do rotate out pretty quickly to make room for the next seasonal surprise. So, if you want to try them during your upcoming visit, don't assume that limited time means they'll stick around for a while because even the locals know that if they don't grab that limited edition snack, it might be gone the next time they get to the parks. Speaking of Disneyland snacks, the Disneyland Reporting team and I recently rounded up all of our 10 favorite snacks across Disneyland, Disney California Adventure, and Downtown Disney to add to our brand new and free Disneyland snack maps. So, if you want to download these snack maps now to use during your next trip, scan the QR code you see on the screen. Or if you want to download them after we're done with today's video, that's cool. Click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/dlnacks after this. Most of the time, Saurin over in Disney California Adventure defaults to its Saurin around the world show, but usually if you visit DCA during their food and wine festival, then Saurin switches over to Saurin over California, the OG version of this attraction. For 2026, however, Saurin got eager and switched over to Saurin over California early, starting on February 6th in honor of DCA's 25th anniversary. Saurin Over California will stick around until July 1st, which is way longer than it usually hangs around. And then starting on July 2nd, 2026, Saurin will debut a brand new overlay called Saurin Across America to celebrate America's 250th anniversary. Lots of anniversaries going on in Disneyland this year, right? Don't forget there's the 25th of DC, too. Anyway, we're not sure how long this overlay, the Saurin over America, will last, but we assume it'll at least stick around for a few months to give more folks the chance to see it before it switches back to Saurin around the world again. Yep, you heard it here, folks. There are lots of secret menu items lurking around the Trader Sam's Enchanted Tiki Bar scene over at the Disneyland Hotel, but they might not always be available to order. Availability really depends on the skippers who are working that day and the ingredients on hand and how busy the bar is. So, your best approach to improve your chances of getting a secret menu item is to be polite and patient and ask nicely, especially if you recognize a skipper's name from one of these creations. We've got the whole list of Trader Sam's secret menu items featured in our latest Disneyland food video, the best things to eat in Disneyland 2026, which you can check out right after this. Places like Trader Sam's Enchanted Tiki Bar and Lamplight Lounge in California Adventure and Blue Bayou in Disneyland continue to have advanced dining reservations that book up real fast, but you can always look for walk up availability on your Disneyland app just to see if any last minute spots open up the day you're there. Or you can even go up to a restaurant's host stand and ask about last minute spots in person. Sometimes, even if there's no availability right that second, a cast member will recommend a better time for you to return and check on the availability status again. Now, this is good advice for those trying to make restaurant reservations for busy spots in Disneyland or Disney World. If you want to increase your chances of locking in a reservation for a popular Disney restaurant, it helps to have a smaller group. Disney California Adventure is breaking major ground to expand this park with more Avengers experiences and a new Avatar Land and a new Pixar Cocoa Boat attraction. But unlike Disney World's construction going on at the moment, which is knocking out whole lands, looking at you, Animal Kingdom, the only areas that are really being impacted by all the DCA remodeling is the Hollywood Land area, which sadly is taking out Mike and Sully to the rescue, as well as the path that connects Cars Land to Avengers Campus. Otherwise, most of the construction is being focused on expanding the park, not removing what's already there. I love when I tell our Disneyland reporters that we're doing a Disneyland pro tip brainstorming session, and they come back at me with, "Don't ride the Matter Horn wrong." But they've got a point. There are two different Matterhorn bobsled tracks. The one on the left towards Tomorrowland tends to be faster and bumpier. Now, don't get me wrong, they're both fast and very bumpy, but the one on the right towards Fantasy Land is a little slower and smoother. Whenever you're towards the front of the line and about to be loaded into a bob sled, just let the loading cast member know which side you'd prefer. They might not always be able to accommodate your request, but they typically do a pretty bang-up job of getting you on the track you'd prefer. But if you aren't interested in a bunch of bruises, it may not make sense to ride the Matter Horn at all. That's just my take. I'm just saying the Batter Horn. Pretty much every quick service around Disneyland nowadays has mobile order, which you can access through your Disneyland app. And this option is such a timesaver, especially when the parks are crowded. That way, you can skip over the standby quick service lines and just pick up your food at the restaurant's mobile order window after it's prepared. Disneyland's version of Galaxy's Edge is about to do some major time traveling. Beginning April 29th, Galaxy's Edge is getting a timeline reset to include more Star Wars eras, expanding the land's offerings in a way we've never seen before, which is going to be really cool for Orlando folks who come out this way since Galaxy's Edge is no longer going to be like a carbon copy of what we've got back home. So, what do these changes include? You'll be able to see Darth Vader wandering around Batau as well as Princess Leia Orana, Han Solo, Luke Skywalker, and Chewbacca. You'll also be able to hear John Williams' beloved Star Wars scores like the main title and force theme when you enter the land. Over at Ogus Cantina, the cantina band soundtrack will finally be played, evoking some old school galactic civil war vibes. The First Order cargo shop will transform into Black Spire Surplus, a military salvage operation with artifacts from across the history of the galaxy, which means they don't just have to sell First Order stuff anymore. Now they get to sell whatever they want. Here you're going to find relics themed after both the Empire and the Rebel Alliance. How convenient for Disney's coffers. And there'll be several other fun additions too, appearing to new and older Star Wars fans alike. Now hold up. Now that Darth Vader is meeting and greeting over in Batu, who's going to be at the designated Disney Visa card holders meet and greet location? Well, let me back up. Previously, Disney Visa card members visiting Disneyland have been able to meet Darth Vader at the special reserved photo location inside Star Wars Launch Bay way over there in Tomorrowland. But beginning on April 29th, Kylo Ren will take over this exclusive meet and greet spot. Card members can stop by for a photo opportunity with Kylo where you'll also receive complimentary downloads of your photos taken with him just to remember your chitchat with the dark side. But don't forget, you must present a valid Disney Visa card for entry. And most days, this experience is typically only offered from 2 to 6:00 p.m., though hours are always subject to change. Go visit Pixar Place Hotel. No, seriously. Even if you're not staying as a guest there, just stepping in the lobby is pretty cool. But what makes this hotel better are the rare character interactions. As it turns out, characters like Bing Bong from Inside Out and Joe Gardner from Soul hang around Pixar Place Hotel. And if you're lucky, you might even hear Joe playing the piano near the lobby. Oh, and make sure to swing by this hotel on Earth Day, just in case one of the rarest character interactions of all decides to happen. Last year, we got to meet Wall-E. Yep, we're still pinching ourselves over it. So, here's to hoping he comes back for several more Earth days to come. Now, this is me telling you to stop overlooking the main street cinema inside Disneyland Park. Our Disneyland reporters have deemed this place one of the best and most underappreciated spots to beat the heat. Typically, the cinema plays vintage Disney film clips, but for the 70th anniversary, they've been showing a short film called The Last Verse, which talks in-depth about the Sherman Brothers iconic song, It's a Small World, as well as the significance of the final verse that Richard Sherman composed for this classic song during Disneyland's 60th anniversary celebration. Fun fact, you can now hear that last verse being played on the actual It's a Small World attractions during the final scene in both Disneyland and Disney World. And this is kind of a tearjerker, this one if you go to the main street cinema, but it's worth it. Recently, Disneyland ended their early theme park admission perk for guests staying at one of their Disney-owned hotels. So, every single day, everyone's at an even playing field and getting into the parks each morning. The only difference now is that Disneyland hotel guests will receive one free Lightning Lane multipass of their choice. But that still doesn't help us with the problem at hand. How can you combat those long morning lines now without the 30-inute head start? Well, for starters, get to Disneyland early anyways. You'll still want to get ahead of the security crowds that tend to get all backed up in the morning, and after that, you can just get right in line for whatever park you're visiting that day. Also, keep in mind that those rope drop crowds might look intimidating, but once you're in the park, the crowds quickly disperse and you'll feel a whole lot less squished. Plus, takes little to no time to scan into the parks nowadays thanks to the latest face scanning technology. So, even if there's a little bit of a line to endure, it should still move you right along pretty quickly. Now, just piggybacking off the point above real quick, Disneyland is definitely a locals park, meaning many of the more frequent visitors have some sort of magic key. That's their annual pass, meaning they'll just jump over to one of the parks in the evening, grab a drink, ride a ride, do some shopping, call it good. So, if you're visiting from out of town, plan to get up and around to hit your must do rides in the morning before all the locals get out of work and school and come over to hang out. As you make your way through the Indiana Jones Adventure queue in Disneyland, you might notice a secret code on the cavernous walls. Back in the day, cast members would actually hand out these free decoder cards to help you translate the code while you're waiting in line. But now you can access the free Play Disney parks app, select the Temple of Mara mission featured on the Disneyland tab, and use the game mechanics to help you translate the script throughout the queue instead. Hey Disney World pals, this pro tip is for you guys, too. On Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway in Disneyland Park and Hollywood Studios, there's a crab that shows up in every scene. Yep, a crab. As if there weren't enough hidden Easter eggs to find throughout this ride already. Now you need to be on the lookout for a crab. The crab's name is Christa, and she was one of the Imagineers's little pets while designing the tropical scene of this ride. But all the Imagineers fell in love with her so much that she got added to every scene instead of just the tropical one. I love seeing some of my favorite rides get the love they deserve. Which is why I was stoked to hear that Storybook Land Canal Boats over in Fantasy Land got a new addition and a Tangled edition at that. On November 14th, 2025, the Storybook Land Canal added a brand new miniature structure along their route based on Rapunzel's Tower from Tangled. And this new addition changes depending on what time of day you ride. During the day, you'll hear a charming arrangement of When Will My Life Begin, but at dusk, the music will switch over to I see the light and feature twinkling lights reminiscent of the famous lantern scene. While you're more than welcome to pre- purchase Disneyland's main skip the ride line service multipass before your trip, the whole pre purchase situation works differently here than it does in Disney World. Because if you pre purchase multipasses for your Disneyland vacation, those will automatically be applied to each of your park ticket. Meanwhile, pre- purchasing multipass in Disney World means you're still free to pick and choose what days you want to add the premium service to. Another key difference between Multipass in Disneyland and Disney World is that you can only start making your Lightning Lane selections one by one after entering the park at Disneyland, but no sooner than that. The biggest benefits for pre- purchasing multipass in Disneyland is a not to have to worry about purchasing them on the day of your visit, which will give you one fewer thing to stress over and b you'll lock in the price for your multipass purchases for all of your park days. because if you wait to get them until the day of, you run the risk of paying more per day due to the surge price. This one's not a guarantee, but it could happen. And when it does, it's really cool. If you leave right before or during the Disneyland fireworks, you'll often be ushered out backstage along Main Street, USA. And that backstage area is super close to some behind-the-scenes things like the storage area for the extra Jungle Cruise boats. Looking for a unique POV to watch the Disneyland fireworks minus the Main Street USA crowds? Big Thunder Mountain Railroad is our team's personal favorite outdoor ride to be on when the fireworks start up. Especially when you're on that first lift hill with a clear view of everything. And Matterhorn Bobslides is a close second due to some of those outdoor turns that give you a nice angle of the show. Though Big Thunder Mountain, in our personal experience, has been easier to time. Where are all the different places to get beignes in Disneyland? I will show you. Been expressed in Downtown Disney is a local favorite. Think of it like a graband-go doughnut shop for beignet. So, lots of different flavors and seasonal varieties made fresh daily. You can also grab beignes from the neighboring Jazz Kitchen Coastal Grill and Patio is a little dessert post cinjun cuisine. If you're looking for more beignes that don't require a theme park ticket, Great Maple inside Pixar Place has powdered sugar bees on their sweets menu served with a house-made lemon curd. Palm Breeze Bar at the Disneyland Hotel, specifically in their DVC Disneyland villas tower has unique beignes on their menu. You get six little bees with your order. Two are filled with chocolate, two are mixed berry, and two are caramel. And along with your circular beignes, you'll get fruity dipping sauces served in little edible shortbread Mickey cups. But if you're looking for the classic OG Mickeyshaped beignetes, you're going to find those over at the Mint Julip Bar at New Orleans Square in Disneyland Park. Seasonal Mickey beignes also appear at the Mint Julip Bar every now and again. And the bar's attached quick service, Tiana's Palace, also sometimes has seasonal beignes on offer as well, though those are not Mickeyshaped. Speaking of Tiana's, if you're looking to grab an order of classic beignes from Tiana's Palace, you won't necessarily always see the option on the online menu. But when you go to mobile order, those classic beignes with a honey drizzle should usually be available to purchase. This is a newish Disneyland rule and I'm taking full advantage of it. You can order a Dole Whip from the Adventureland Dolehip locations like Tropical Hideway or the Tiki Juice Bar and then take it with you into the Enchanted Tiki Room theater to enjoy a snack and a show. But let's all be respectful of this option. We don't want Disney to have to take it away cuz we're always leaving our Dolehip trash behind in the theater. But Disneyland pros already know that. That craving you suddenly get for a hot fresh bag of popcorn or sweet, warm, gooey chocolate chip cookies or waffles, that could all be part of Disneyland's mind games. And by mind games, I mean smellitzers. Disney uses these machines called smelitzers in all their parks to puff tasty smelling aromomas around their snack locations in the same way they puff scents into certain attractions to make you remember them fondly long after you've returned home. But the smellers around the snack locations definitely play a huge part in what you suddenly start wanting or craving during the day. But warning, just because you're smelling fresh popcorn doesn't mean you're going to receive fresh popcorn. It just might be the smellitzers working overtime in the area. So the best way to guarantee that you're getting a fresh batch of buttery goodness is to see the cast members make a fresh batch with your own two eyeballs. This isn't me trying to be a negative Nelly, just a realist. There's always something closed in Disneyland. Whether it be for refurbishments or maybe even something more permanent to make way for a new attraction. RIP Mike and Sully to the rescue. You were too pure for this world. We'll definitely let you know when an extended Disneyland closure is on the horizon. So, be sure to sign up for our free VFB newsletter after this. That way, you never have to head to the parks holding your breath and hoping for the best. The first aid stations in Disneyland and Disney California Adventure are kind of tucked out of the way, out of sight, out of mind. So, it helps to know where they are ahead of time in case you need to find them during your park day stat. In Disneyland Park, you'll find the first aid building at the end of Main Street USA after you enter into the park on your right hand side between Plaza in restaurant and Plaza Point. Meanwhile, in DCA, first aid is located in the Chamber of Commerce building right after you enter through the park gates on your left hand side. Okay, I know it's not Christmas, but this is very cute and I need to tell you about it and maybe you're listening to this at Christmas. I don't know. So, Cars Land inside California Adventure loves to celebrate the holidays, but you can learn the whole holiday backstory inside Sargees Surplus Hut the next time the holiday season rolls around. To find the story, look for the Cars Land Christmas mailbox. According to the lore, the town's postal trucks can't deliver Christmas letters to Santa Car because they ran out of fuel. But Mater is going to take it upon himself to get everyone's letter to Santa car because that's just the kind of tow truck he is. That's why around the holidays, he sets up a little spot inside Sarge's place to collect everyone's letters. Meaning all you kids out there can write a letter to Santa Car during your holiday visit, too. This is going to sound sacriiggious, but hear me out. If your home park is Disney World and you're coming to Disneyland to see new Disney offerings, the duplicate rides that I'm giving you permission to skip are Rise of the Resistance, Millennium Falcon, Smuggler's Run, Star Tours, and Saurin. And that's just because they're near cookie cutter experiences to the ones over in the East Coast parks. While you'll find Haunted Mansion, Space Mountain, It's a Small World, and several other similar rides are available in both Disneyland and Disney World, these are by no means clones of each other. And in many ways, you might prefer the versions on the West Coast to the ones on the East, especially Space Mountain. Please ride that. So don't skip a Disneyland ride that you've ridden before, quote unquote, because more than likely, no, you haven't. Not like this. I mean, Disneyland park hoppers can be worth the splurge regardless just because the parks are so close to each other, making the whole hopping procedure way less stressful and way faster than it is in Disney World. But if you purchase a park hopper right before a Disney California Adventure Festival's about to begin, you might be able to check out a few Disneyland rides in the morning and then hop over to DCA just to see if some of those festival booths are doing a soft launch leading up to the fest's opening day because that would mean you'd be one of the first to try out a festival's newest items with potentially fewer crowds, too. I'll tell y'all this pro tip time and again just because I think it's one of the most useful tricks you could use for your DCA festival day. In fact, when Bria and I were working on this outline, I was like, "We have to include this in this video, even though we talk about all the time, and Bria's like, "Already done." Ch-ching. Anyway, you can order and pay for all your festival food items that you want to try all at once. You don't have to eat them all at once. Just pay for them all at once. You don't have to stand in every single booth line. Oh my gosh. Still, again, Epcot, please, please do this. So, here's how it goes. Just choose a booth. Any booth. preferably the one with the shortest line, and order every item you want from the festival. Once you get up to the front of the line, even if the booth you're at doesn't serve some of those items, the cast member taking your order will print out a receipt of all the items that you ordered. And then all you have to do is bring your receipt to each respective booth. Don't wait in line to pay. Just go to Little Window where they hand you your food and pick up your items without having to wait and pay for every single one of them individually. Disneyland holds the only train in America that'll take you to the Grand Canyon and then all the way back in time to see a bunch of dinosaurs fighting each other. And if that doesn't sell you on the Disneyland Railroad, I don't know what will. Not only does Disneyland have that neato diarama stretch between Tomorrowland and Main Street USA, but it also typically has low weight times, and it saves you all the extra steps between the park's different lands when your feet are getting store. The Disneyland pros are always looking to meet new characters, which is why we're stoked to see Blueie and her sister Bingo make their big debut in Disneyland. Starting on March 22nd, Bluey's Best Day Ever will hit the Fantasy Land Theater stage. And during each performance, the two doggos will join a group of musicians and comedic actors to bring this well-loved children's show to life. Those Disneyland pros of ours, yeah, you're never going to catch them paying full price for a Disneyland trip. And thanks to the offers and discounts page on the Disneyland website, savings and promotion opportunities are always available, and they switch up regularly. But they often feature discounts on stuff like park tickets and Disney owned hotels. So don't book a Disneyland trip without looking to see if you can land it for 10, 20, or even 40% cheaper. Recently, Pixar Place Hotel leveled up their suite options. The Cocoa Suite features a beautiful space with Mexican inspired decor. I mean, just look at the colored lights above that fireplace. Talk about a heartstoppper. And the incredible suite has several fun superhero details like hand scanners outside the room as well as a living area inspired by the par house as seen in the films. Just get ready to spend a pretty penny on these bad boys cuz they're more than likely going to put you back anywhere from 2 to 4,000 a night. Maybe a little more. Seriously expensive, but a great place for the whole family to gather for maybe a celebration. Where can you find one of Disneyland's famous Monte Cristo sandwiches for under $15? It's not at Blue Bayou, nor is it Cafe Orleans, though both of these New Orleans Square restaurants do have Monte Cristos on the menu. You can usually find a cheaper to-go version of the Monte Cristo over at the Royal Street Ver quick service. I say usually cuz sometimes Royal Street likes to switch up its menu, but when it is available, it's only around 14 bucks. By the end of 2026, Downtown Disney will be a premier dining center, and we cannot wait. Over the past 5 years, we've watched as Downtown Disney is completely transformed from being a quick jaunt down a shopping strip to a fullyfledged dining destination featuring brand new restaurants by celebrity and Michelin starred chefs. And that trend is continuing as places like Porto's Bakery and Cafe, the Carnneby Tavern, Arthur and Sun Stakes, and more high-profile restaurants start to take over the Downtown Disney scene. You can learn more about these up andcoming restaurants whenever you want to by checking out our best things to eat in Disneyland in 2026 video. Disneyland Park was Walt Disney's home, sometimes literally. Walt Disney had his own apartment above the Disneyland fired apartment, which you'll see shortly after you enter the park. well, would always turn on a light in the front of his window so that workers would know when he was in the park. And that's why you'll still see a lantern shining in the window that always stays lit in his memory. Well, that is except when his family members are in the park as a sign of respect or when it's Christmas time and the parks switch out the lantern for a little Christmas tree instead, which is still reminiscent of Walt since he was a huge fan of celebrating the holidays at all his parks. Nappa Rose has finally reopened inside Disney's Grand Californian Resort with a new menu and updated elevated dining room. We got a sneak peek at Nappa Rose shortly before its reopening. And it is phenomenal. The food's great. The wine selections are always good. The servers and chefs and entire atmosphere perfect, which means you've got to look great for this place, too. I'd say 99% of Disneyland's restaurants don't require any sort of formal dress code, but Nappa Rose kind of falls into the 1%. Fortunately, this dress code is not too tough to follow. Men can wear collared shirts, trousers, khaki pants, or dark jeans in good condition. Women can wear dresses, skirts, blouses, dress pants, or nice jeans. For footwear, a pair of casual shoes, loafers, or stylish sandals work just fine. You might want to use fireworks time to get in line for rides while the cues are shorter. But don't forget, Toontown and Fantasy Land tend to close before the fireworks happen. Depending on the park hours that day, these areas may reopen, but they also might stay closed for the rest of the night. So, double check the Toontown and Fantasy Land schedules on your Disneyland app during your visit. And make sure you hit up all those different attractions across both areas before they close up for the night. All right, you don't have to tell me twice. The bakery tour is housed over in the San Francisco area at Disney California Adventure, and it's a working replica of San Francisco's very own Budwin Bakery. From 8:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. daily, with time subject to change, you can jump into one of the tours and see for yourself the process behind making Lee's famous San Francisco sourdough breads. It's kind of a walkthrough, so you don't even have to be there at a certain time. Plus, you'll get fresh bread samples while you're there. If you're driving into Disneyland each day, then you'll have to think about parking and security, which can take time. When security is too long at both the Mickey and Friends and Pixar Pals lots, then if you're capable, you may want to walk to Downtown Disney from the lot's designated bridge and pathway to find a shorter security line. There are three entrances into Downtown Disney, one facing the parking lot, one adjacent to the Disneyland Hotel, and a new one on the back side of Din Tyong. The last two entrances almost never have long lines and will only require you to take a few steps versus that very first Downtown Disneyland entrance, which will be closer for you to reach from the parking lots, but will have more intense security lines at the beginning of the day. Over at Disney World, you can always put in a request for connecting rooms at their hotels, but it's not always a guarantee. However, at Disneyland, you can lock in the exclusive benefit of confirmed connecting rooms at any of their three hotels if you're booking standard rooms with the same view types. For any reservations made online, you'll need to call Disney directly after booking to ask about this offering. Or you can have your travel agent friends call about it for you if you're using a reliable service like Small World Vacations, which is always our go-to. If you want to reach out to them for a free quote, we'll link it down in the video's description for you. Lamplight Lounge's theming is already on point with all the Pixar animation decor, but if you want to feel really special while you're there, you might someday find yourself lucky enough to be invited into the office. This is a dining space that fits about a dozen or so people, so it's typically used for larger groups. But you don't need a secret membership or anything to get into this hush hush room. You might even be able to ask and see if it's available during your next visit. Even if the answer is no, which there is a chance it will be, a cast member might still be able to give you a quick free tour of the office so you can see what's really going on behind that secret vault door. Normally Disney California Adventure has those two secret entrances available to guests. One attached to Disney's Grand Californiaiforn Hotel and Spa and a more hidden one that leads to Pixar Place Hotel or to the crosswalk to Pixar Place Hotel. But the Pixar Place and DCA entrance will be closed off in 2026 as California Adventure starts up some of its major construction projects over there. Instead, Pixar Place guests will need to use the main entrance for Disney California Adventure next year, which isn't too far away, but you know, I get it. Still kind of a bummer. Thankfully, the Grand Californiaiforn Hotel entrance will still remain open for all who have a valid theme park ticket to use. Let me tell you a little something about Disneyland's Good Neighbor Hotels. So, Good Neighbor hotels partner with Disneyland, but aren't owned by Disney, which is great if you're wanting to stay close to Disneyland property without necessarily spending over $400 a night to do so. And better yet, several good neighbor hotels are still within walking distance to the parks and Downtown Disney. But even those that aren't still shouldn't be much more than a short Uber ride away. You can learn more about Disneyland's Good Neighbor options over on Disneyland's website. Just click on the places to stay tab and locate the Good Neighbor link from there. I love that you can literally sort them by distance from Disneyland. Shorter ride lines, cooler temperatures, rare characters, and fun events. Yep, the DFB team loves Disneyland After Dark events, sometimes even more than general admission days. While some of these events might have already taken place in Disneyland by the time you watch this video, here's a full list of all the Disneyland After Dark events taking place in 2026. Sweethearts Night for Valentine's Day happened on certain nights up until February 17th. The new 70 years of favorites event in honor of Disneyland's 70th anniversary takes place on March 3rd and 5th. Disney Channel night for all the retro Disney fans out there is taking place April 12th, 14th, and 16th. Star Wars night, need I say more, will take place on April 28th and 30th, as well as May 4th, of course, and May 6th. And Pride Night, a colorful celebration, will take place on June 16th and 18th. Your Multipass purchase can do more for you than just provide you with Lightning Lanes. When you purchase Multipass, you will also be able to download every single Photo Pass download from your day, not just the ones on the rides. So, don't be shy. Smile for the camera. Yep, she's pretty on the outside, but she's always pretty on the inside, too. Across from Vividy Bobbidity Boutique, you're going to find the entrance to the Sleeping Beauty Castle walkthrough experience, which tells Princess Aurora's entire Sleepy story through a bunch of animated 3D window scenes. Best of all, there's no Q- line to experience this attraction. I love it. So much about Disney these days is overly produced and high tech, and this walkthrough is just chill, classic. You could almost envision Walt walking through it. Southern California is so much more than the sum of its Disney parks. From Anaheim, you're going to find that there are a handful of beaches just a 20 to 30 minute drive away, and they are spectacular. 5 minutes away from the parks, you can go to a sporting event at the Honda Center, like maybe go see the Anaheim Ducks in action. You can always drive up to Hollywood for the day. Just brace yourself for a whole lot of traffic. Or you could even take a day trip up to Big Bear Mountain Resort to go skiing during the winter. So, even if you only want to dedicate a few days to Disneyland, be sure to chisel out some extra time to really explore outside the Disney bubble to add a whole lot of other layers to your epic West Coast vacation. Welcome to the Disneyland Pro Leagues, y'all. You finally made it. But that doesn't mean your Disneyland planning stops here. Check out another one of our Disneyland videos next, like the 50 things that everyone should eat in Disneyland, which is a very fun one. And don't forget to download our new free Disneyland snack maps over at disneyfoodblog.com/dlnacks. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real soon.
