---
video_id: GTtbQSrXR-w
channel: DFBGuide
title: "We Ate EVERYTHING at EPCOT's Festival of the Arts"
published: 2026-01-19
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GTtbQSrXR-w
---
The first Epcot Festival of 2026 has begun. Epcot's Festival of the Arts might be our team's favorite Epcot festival of them all. And today, we're bringing you the tips and tricks and absolute must eat dishes of this year's festival so that you can have the best day ever in Epcot. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. Now, the 2026 Festival of the Arts runs February 16th to February 23rd. There are over 20 locations to grab Festival Eats, but this is a celebration of culinary, visual, and performing arts. So, you're going to also find live shows and artists throughout the festival, too. The Disney on Broadway concert series features performances by some of Broadway's most accomplished actors and actresses. The performances take place at 5:30, 6:45, and 8:00 p.m. each night at the America Gardens Theater. [music] You can also catch other live music and artist performances throughout the day, like those awesome chalk artists. Dozens of Disney and visiting artists also appear at the Festival of the Arts, and several signing times are scheduled throughout the event, so be sure to check that festival passport for dates and times if that's something you're interested in. At 12:30 and 1:30 daily, you can participate in the animation academy where you can learn to draw Disney characters at the America Gardens Theater. Keep an eye out for those photo ops where you can step into famous paintings. And also, don't forget to try your hand at your own artwork by helping to create the massive interactive wall mural. You can search for Figment by following clues provided through famous works of art strategically located around World Showcase with Figment's Brush with the Master's Scavenger Hunt. The map for this costs $11.99 and comes with a prize. This year it's a sticker activity sheet. Or if you want a free scavenger hunt, you can look for all the artwork included in chalk full of character. If you want to take home a souvenir, you got plenty of options from artwork sold around the park to the official festival merchandise. This year they've got Figment Spirit jerseys and tees and hats and tumblers, a new lug bag in two sizes, a Loungefly backpack, ears, and more. You'll find festival merchandise in Communicore Hall and Creations Shop, and there are smaller vendors located around World Showcase, too. There's also the brand new Figment popcorn bucket this year. You can just place a mobile order and pick it up at Odyssey Pavilion. You don't have to wait in 6-hour lines anymore. Pickup times and potentially the buckets will likely sell out. Now, there is a ton to do at this year's festival, and we have a fully updated for 2026 ebook to help you plan. This guide is packed with showtimes, performer lineups, food crawls, tips, hacks, and of course, full color photos and reviews of every single dish at the festival. Our team has been working really hard to put this one together for you, and the latest and greatest tips we have on hand will help you become the expert here. You'll find this and all of our other snack and festival guide books over at dfbstore.com. Don't forget to use code YouTube to get your discount, and be sure to stay tuned to the end of the video for some of our best festival tips. But it is time for the best of the fest for [music] Epcot's Festival of the Arts 2026. Ready to dive in? Okay, here we go. First up is the Tostada de Kong Grejo at L Artista Ambientento. The new tostada is a crispy corn tortilla topped with guacamole, lump crab, mango, crispy onions, and hot sauce. This was our favorite item we tried at this booth, though all of them were really, really good. The mango chunks are inside. Hot sauce reminded us of Tabasco. And the onions add a nice crunch. All around. A good mix of flavors and textures. For something sweet, the new passion fruit pala, also at Al Artista Ambrianto, which is over there in Mexico. This tropical passion fruit ice pop is filled with sweetened condensed milk, then topped with a chili lime seasoning. [music] The chili lime flavors really come through on the outside of the pop with a decent amount of salt. And once you get into the middle, you start to catch that sugary fruit [music] flavor. The lovely enchanted rose has returned at opening bites. This dark chocolate mousse rose is an eligible item if you're participating in the wonderful walk of colorful cuisine. This is a returning favorite, but it is slightly different this year. It had no jam inside, but this really wasn't a discernable downgrade for us. The dish is still aesthetically adorable, capturing both the magic of Beauty and the Beast and the Festival of the Arts. Flavor-wise, the treat has a nice chocolate taste. The menu specifies it as dark chocolate, though it seemed more like a mix of milk and dark to us. And if you are anti dark chocolate, don't worry. This isn't like a super super super bitter chocolate. There's also an added crunch of the cookie balancing with the mousse. Over a deconstructed dish. This is a booth that's been around at this festival forever. The deconstructed BLT made it onto our best of the fest list. This is made with pork belly, soft poached egg, onion bread pudding, water crusta, and tomato jam. The onion bread pudding was a new addition in 2023, and we're glad to see it's still a part of the dish, this is fantastic, and it's one of our best of the fest picks just about every year. While it's not totally clear how to eat this at first, if you just dig in and build yourself a little sandwich with all of it, you'll be in heaven. It is so good. The pork belly is savory, juicy, and flavorful, and the flavors all balance really well. You cannot go wrong with warm, creamy briem bread bowl. This is a returning classic and one of our top picks from the booth year after year over there in France. This dish is creamy. The cheese is soft and smooth. The bread is fluffy. It's a heartwarming cozy snack that we will recommend over and over again. The bread was a bit denser this year than in previous years, but still excellent. The Gateau de Crab over there in the France Pavilion is a crab cake, lobster bis, and lemon dill sour cream all together. Expect sweet, delicate crab meat with a lightly seasoned, buttery richness paired with a silky lobster bisque and a bright pop of citrus from that sour cream. An elevated crab cake that's a must try. Also in the France pavilion, this is a chocolate orange acclair, orange cream, chocolate ganache, crispy hazelnut, and candied oranges. This aclair had a better texture than we've experienced with previous festival accla. And we adored the orange and chocolate flavor profile. Over at Figment's Inspiration Station at the Odyssey Pavilion, you've got the popcorn popcorn chicken and waffles. This new dish comes with rainbow popcorn, popcorn chicken, mini mozzarella, and maple syrup served up in a bubble waffle. So, it's definitely a sweet, savory combo. It's a good mixture of those two sensory flavors, and it's portable to boot, making it easy to carry around the park. Also at Inspiration Station, the Figment Fantasy Cake is relatively new this year. It's a Swiss roll style sponge cake. Kind of reminds me of a figment cake we had a couple years back. Filled with strawberry whipped cream and topped with white chocolate ganache and orange icing and white chocolate fig wings. Essentially, you got a rolled up strawberry shortcake with some extra flare. It's incredibly cute but very sweet. We almost couldn't finish it cuz it was so sugary. Over at Pastoral Palette, the red wine brazed beef short rib made our best of the fest short list this year. It's a red wine brazed short rib plated with parsnip puree, broccolini, tomatoes, and basamic glaze. The short rib melts at the touch of a fork, and the parsnips add a light sweetness. The tomatoes have a nice tang to them, and the balsamic ties everything together into one delicious bite. It's a fine dining entree on a paper plate. Also at Pastoral Palette, the Black Forest Cake. This might be labeled a cake, but the emphasis is on the chocolate mousse, which is accompanied by ML cherries and topped with Chantelli cream. We were a little worried this dessert would melt, but it held up very nicely. The chocolate mousse is addictive. We went through it really fast. And the cream on top is light, but it's got that sweetness. It's not too overpowering, but it adds an extra texture we really love. And the cherries are added throughout the mousse and remind us of a black cherry. Very sweet, very tart. At the artist table, the dark chocolate tor made our list. Man, we are into the chocolate desserts this year, y'all. This tort is a very rich and dense dark chocolate. The raspberries and cream help to balance out that strong chocolate flavor. It's an outstanding dessert that we'd expect to find at a high-end restaurant. This one may look small, but it's easily sharable because of those very dense flavors. After a few duds, the funnel cake stand is back on our best of the fest list. This is a funnel cake sandwich this year with vanilla ice cream and powdered sugar topped with brown sugar, brandy, wild berry compost, whipped cream, and dark chocolate sauce. The balance of funnel cake, berry compost, ice cream, chocolate, and whipped cream was great. The dessert is definitely sharable. super sweet and we like that it was a bit lighter than the other desserts. Believe it or not, the berry compost and ice cream also made it taste very refreshing. Not something we necessarily thought we would say about a funnel cake, but here we are heading over to Japan to go. This one is a returning favorite year after year. Sweet and savory, incredibly flavorful minced wagu is served up in this wonderfully light and fluffy bun. This year though, the difference is that it's bright purple. I'm not sure we needed the bright purple, but we have it this year. The flavors are familiar enough for pickier eaters, but complex enough for those looking for some world travel with their food choices. Everyone's going to love this, and the kids are going to especially love that it's bright purple. For the best plant-based item on our best of the fest list, the citrus brazed beet tartar at Gourmet Landscapes. Now, just because we've got this one down on its own plant-based section does not mean it's any less deserving of the best of the fest title. The dish comes with golden beet egg yolk, mustard vinegrett, pickled mustard seeds, and pickled mushrooms, as well as spiced pistachios, and feta snow. Now, the egg yolk and the feta are both in quotation marks, mind you. So, those are ingredients that approximate those kinds of flavors. The plant-based quote unquote feta genuinely tastes like the real thing, while the spice pistachios add a surprising kick, like the gentle heat of extra black pepper. The Christini serves as the perfect base, bringing everything together and making each bite deliciously balanced. Best for kids again this year is the Artist Palette Jumbo Chocolate Chip Cookie at Refreshment Port. If you want something that'll keep your kiddos entertained, the Artist Palette big old cookie is a great choice. In terms of a taste, it's a regular standard chocolate chip cookie. So, nothing special about that, but it is a good thing for those with picky palettes. The design is really what makes it a standout for kids. It has different paints, icing colors on it with a little paint brush so kids can have a blast coloring their cookie before they eat it. Another on our best for kids list is the tayyaki at Koshiki. This is brand new this year. Disney switched up this fish shaped pastry this year and the new version is a chocolate flavored pastry filled with custard and served with whipped topping. It's not too sweet and the flavors aren't overwhelming, but for all its subtlety, it is a slam dunk winner. Kids and adults will both love it. While these may not be full Best of the Fest winners, our honorable mentions we definitely want to highlight because they were particularly good. Over at Refreshment Outpost, the Boyd and Blair Blood Orange Cosmo. This one has moved over from Refreshment Port and we're excited to see it still around. This drink is made with Boyd and Blair potato vodka with blood orange, cranberry, and lime. It's like a Sprite without strong sweetness to it. Has a tangy blood orange flavor, and it's almost more like a cider than a cocktail. And back in France, the frozen French martini. This drink is a classic at this festival. It's been around forever. We've got Grey Goose vodka, more vodka, chamber lour, dull pineapple juice, Minutemade orange juice, and grape juice with lemon lime foam. And it makes for a fruity and refreshing drink while you're snacking around the fest. Now, finally, it is time to crown our best of the fest booth this year. The runner up is L Artista Umbreento. We were fairly impressed by this booth. Yet again, Mexico always seems to hit it out of the park, you guys. The tostada and palea were absolute winners, but everything else this booth was a standout, too. The chili rayano taco was smoky and savory. The mocharita was a fun twist on a margarita with matcha and strawberry. Plus, the tasty perfect margarita was absolutely gorgeous. Has meal for those who like their drinks a little less sweet and a little more smoky. Order anything on the menu here and you'll probably be happy. And then our winner this year is the France pavilion. L de la cuisine Frances is a big winner in our books. That creme debris and petite pan is a returning favorite that once again makes our list. There is just something so wonderfully comforting about creamy cheese and fluffy bread in the winter. We also really enjoyed the ghetto de crab and the flavors in the aclair oshakalot worked really well together. The frozen French martini a classic. L de la Cuisine Frances is definitely worth a stop at the Festival of the Arts. Mind you, the line will be long and it'll wrap around that tree a bajillion times, so be aware of that. We've got tips for this year's festival. Let's dive into those. Opening day always going to be the most crowded, but if you can avoid visiting the festival on the weekends. Opening weekend this year coincides with Martin Luther King Day, and those 3-day weekends are always busy at Disney. That being said, Festival of the Arts tends to be the least crowded of the four annual Epcot festivals. Next, have your plan of attack ready to go. Over at Disneyfoodblog.com, we've got free printables of all the dishes at this year's fest and a handy map to help you navigate the festival. You can get those by scanning the QR code or heading to disneyfoodblog.com/arts. When you get to Epcot, don't forget to grab a festival passport so you can check show times and more. Also, pack your tray. Yep, your cafeteria tray. So you don't have to worry about juggling all those little paper food boats and drinks as you find somewhere, hopefully on the top of a trash can to set down your food and eat. Don't forget that if you want more info, we've got every detail in our 2026 DFB guide to the Epcot Festival of the Arts, now available over at dfbstore.com. If you're using the Disney dining plan here, you can use your snack credits on lots of items at the food booths. Just keep an eye out for that little Disney dining plan purple logo. This is going to be some of the best dining plan deals you can find, especially on those pricier items at the France booth. [music] If you want to guarantee a great seat for those Broadway shows, Disney on Broadway concert series dining packages are available, offering guests the chance to pair lunch or dinner, either a three course meal or a full buffet based on location at a participating Epcot table service restaurant with guaranteed priority seating for an evening show on the same day. Packages start at $56 for adults and at 21 per child. ASU, Spear Garden, Coral Reef, Garden Grill, Lelier, Rosen Crown, and Spice Road Table all offer advanced dining reservations, but sameday walk up Disney on Broadway dining package seating is available at an Epcot counter service location. Regal Eagle Smokehouse in the American Adventure Pavilion offering guaranteed seating with a meal at a lower price point. Note that that is just walk up on the day of only. Inventory will be limited, so if you want to do that, go right when they open. New to the festival this year is a free Lorana scavenger hunt with special Lorana cards as their prizes. Also, you can swing by Communicore Hall to see a new exhibit, Once Upon a Stage, The Magic of Disney on Broadway that features costumes and props from Disney musicals and a behind-the-scenes look at how animated films were adapted for Broadway. There's even a giant genie lamp from Broadway's Aladdin outside of Communicore Hall this year. The festival official food crawl, a wonderful walk of colorful cuisine. And I mentioned that earlier up in the best of the fest section is back this year. Guests can purchase five to seven designated items at various food booths receiving a stamp in their festival passport for each of these and then they can get a Figment Rice Krispie treat at the Deco Delights booth as a prize. The Cavadel Tequila in the Mexico pavilion even has a secret cocktail again this year. The Art Gorita is back, although it is a little bit different. It's crafted with Lao Blanco, high proof tequila, honeydew, lour, coconut extract, and fresh lime juice, and is topped with cold foam cream, and a watermelon cherry salt in a souvenir cup for 21 bucks. Just tell the bartenders Dom sent me. This was designed by artist Dom Corona, and they'll know exactly what it is you want. This drink is in collaboration with Dom, who you can also meet at this year's festival. So, that's a wrap on Festival of the Arts 2026. If there's a dish you're curious about that didn't make our best of the fest list, we've got full reviews over at disneyfoodblog.com. You know, we ate everything at the festival. So, if you're headed to Disney World soon, be sure to subscribe to the channel. Check out our free newsletter so you can stay uptodate on all the Disney parks news. And don't forget to pick up those Festival of the Arts full menu lists and maps at disneyfoodblog.com/arts. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog, and we'll see you real soon.
