---
video_id: kDs3IxdQwzE
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Latest Disney News: Disney Added Afternoon Only Ticket, Big Thunder Mountain is Testing & MORE!"
published: 2026-04-04
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kDs3IxdQwzE
---
Big things happened in Disney World this week, y'all, and some of them are already causing a stir in the parks. A popular Magic Kingdom ride has begun soft openings. Disney released a brand new afternoon only ticket that could totally change how you plan your day. And they dropped an exclusive hotel deal that I am seriously interested in booking right now. Plus, we've got a major update for Big Thunder Mountain Railroad. Disney's cracking down on free transportation in a way that might catch you off guard. And there's a brand new meet and greet debuting for the very first time. You're gonna love it. All the latest Disney and theme park news is coming up right now here on DF Guide. Happy Saturday. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. It is April, my friends. Hope you didn't get tricked too badly on April 1st. And don't worry, I don't have any tricks for you today. But a new month brings a lot of changes in the Disney parks. So, let's get started. Buzz Lightyear's Space Ranger Spin has soft opened at Magic Kingdom. The ride will officially be open for new Space Rangers on April 8th, but for now, Disney is allowing guests to experience the attraction ahead of that date. We headed to Magic Kingdom to see how things were going, and we also got a glimpse at the new marquee. During the previews for Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin, the Buzz animatronic in the queue has been hidden behind a black curtain, but as of soft opening, he's back. Since the ride is still in a soft opening phase, it may not be fully open until April 8th. So, your best bet is to check the Disney World app daily to see if it's an option before you make a special trip to the park just for buzz. When we stopped by, the wait was around 30 minutes, but of course, that can change at any second, especially once people start finding out about a soft opening. There were quite a few problems with the ride going down intermittently during the first couple of days of cast member previews. So, keep in mind that Disney's likely still working out some of those kinks, and the ride is subject to close at any time during the soft opening phase. Disney has finally announced a new afternoon ticket, my friends. I know we've been wanting this back for a long time. This one's just for the summer, and it's a pretty good deal. Guests can grab a ticket that lets them enter one theme park per day after 2:00 p.m. with options for 2-day or 3-day tickets. The tickets are date based with start dates from May 26th to July 29th, 2026, and once activated, you'll have a few days to use them. 4 days for the two park ticket, 5 days for the 3-day ticket. Few important things to know. Admission is only valid after 2 p.m. It's for one park per day. No theme park reservations are required and pricing starts at $116 per day. So, if you're planning on a summer Disney trip, but don't want to spend money on full park days, this could be an interesting choice. Hi from Magic Kingdom. This week, we spotted train testing at Big Thunder Mountain Railroad. Looks like they've loaded the trains with sandbags to simulate rider weight while they run tests. We've also seen them testing the geysers on the attraction, too. The ride is set to reopen sometime this spring, and we're already counting down. It feels so good to see this coaster running again. We also checked in on the Piston Peak construction area, and from what we could see over the walls, there are construction materials and some heavy duty machinery on site. Looks like things are moving right along. Jelly Rolls, a dueling piano bar that closed on Disney's Boardwalk in April 2025 after 30 years of operation, just made some big announcements. When news of the closure was first announced, we knew that it wasn't the end of Jelly Rolls. But we weren't sure when or where we'd meet our old friend again. That has officially changed as Jelly Rolls has announced that it will reopen just minutes from Disney World later this year. The Orlando Sentinel has reported that company officials have confirmed that Jelly Rolls has secured a new location less than 10 minutes from its former home. A grand opening celebration is planned for late summer or early fall 2026. The company is building out a commercial space in Lake Buenav Vista, short distance away from resorts, shops, and restaurants that cater to tourists and locals alike. Almost a full year after the final night that the Disney Jelly Rolls location closed on April 19th, we're excited to finally have an idea of when and where we can finally enjoy this bar and entertainment space once again. As of now, Disney hasn't announced plans for the former Jelly Roll space on the boardwalk, though we're always on the lookout. Disney Plus subscribers, this perk might make your next Disney World trip a whole lot cheaper. A new Disney Plus hotel deal just dropped with rooms starting at $99 per night at Disney's All-Star Sports Resort this summer. The offer is valid most nights from June 21st through August 15th with a twoight minimum stay. And it's not just value resorts included. We're seeing discounted rates like highly discounted at spots like Porter Orleans Riverside, Art of Animation, Cars, Family Suites, Saratoga Springs, even the Savannah View rooms at Animal Kingdom Lodge. Some of these prices I haven't seen in years. If you've been trying to plan a summer Disney trip without blowing the whole vacation budget on your hotel, this is one of the deals worth looking into. If you're staying at a Disney World hotel, you've got access to this extra benefit that allows an additional 30 minutes in the theme parks every morning, which can make a huge difference. But if you're heading to early entry in Magic Kingdom soon, you need to know that something has changed. Mickey's Filler Magic is no longer listed as an option on the attractions list for early entry in Magic Kingdom. As of now, there's no official reason from Disney as to why they may have removed this attraction or whether it's a temporary or permanent change, but the recently renovated Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin will be a part of the early entry lineup when it fully opens to the public starting April 8th. VI Passholder Summer Days is coming back to Disney World once again this year. It's going to be filled with exclusive merchandise, limited edition snacks, giveaways, and more for passholders. This is a celebration of all the fun to be discovered around Disney World Resort throughout the summer. It's a way Disney shows some extra appreciation to the guests who visit the park year round. The celebration will begin on May 1st, kicking off the summer at Disney World and end on July 31st. Stuff like merchandise, food, and magnets will most likely be announced the closer we get to the date and throughout the summer. Disney World is cracking down on free transportation. For a limited time, it just got harder to resort hop in Disney World. During a recent stop to Disney Springs, we went by the bus station to head to a resort, but no such luck. We were able to confirm that now you need to have a reservation to hop on board. At each bus station, there was a guest relations cast member stationed so they could check to see if you have a confirmed reservation before getting on the bus and heading to the resort. We spoke to a cast member who confirmed that it's restricted to hotel reservations, dining reservations, recreation activities, or any general business at the resort besides leisure. Luckily, they also confirmed this won't last forever. Cast members confirmed the change is just for this week, which they called their busy season for spring break. They did warn us that there are talks of an extension on this change, but for now, it is only around until next week. That's roughly April 6th, although they did not confirm an official end date. If you still want to resort hop, you can park at the theme parks and hop on transportation from there, but you will have to pay for theme parking. If you really want to check out a specific resort, we would recommend grabbing a dining reservation and parking there before exploring and dining to your heart's content. Wall-E and Eve are meeting guests at Pixar Place Hotel over in Disneyland, and it's seriously adorable. On Wednesdays in April, you can meet this iconic Pixar duo at the Pixar Place Hotel. And the character tech here is kind of incredible. Eve is literally levitating off the ground while she holds hands with Wall-E. And Wall-E himself is amazingly lifelike. His eyes move, his hands move, and his mannerisms feel just like they do in the movie. It's one of the coolest character interactions we've seen in a while. If you're a Pixar fan, this meet and greet is absolutely worth checking out. Okay, we've got five big changes coming to Disney World in April. Tomorrow, April 5th, is the last day to try the Early Bloom menu at Farmers Feast at Epcot's Flower and Garden Festival. Starting April 6th, the springtime menu takes over with stuff like peach cobbler, which we loved last year, grilled beef strip loin, a habiscus lemonade cocktail, and more. April 8th marks the official reopening of Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger spin after its refurbishment. April 16th to the 20th is Run Disney's Springtime Surprise Weekend, bringing races and special race day energy and big crowds to Disney World. April 22nd is Earth Day, which means you can expect rare characters and special snacks popping up around the parks, especially Animal Kingdom, which shares a birthday with Earth Day. And starting April 24th, Fantasmic will move to a 900 p.m. showtime. So, be prepared for that if you're heading to Disney World April 24th or later. Now, if you want to stay in the know with everything happening in the most magical place on earth, be sure to head to disneyfoodblog.com/calendar for our free Disney World calendar, which gets updated all the time, so you know you're going to be able to trust it. When it comes to theme parks, Florida has way more than just Disney World and Universal Orlando. In addition to Busch Gardens, Tampa Bay, and SeaWorld Orlando, there's also Legoland, which we're starting to appreciate more and more. And if you're thinking about visiting Legoland, a new deal just dropped that could score you a free annual pass to the park. If you book a hotel package at Legoland Florida between March 26th and April 15th, you'll get a gold annual pass for each member in your group. This gives you unlimited visits to Legoland Florida for a whole year. Vacation packages start at around $230 per person per night with the gold annual pass starting at $259 per person. So that's a pretty great deal. Lots of progress is being made on the new Universal Resort coming to Texas. Universal Kids Resort is set to open in Fris, Texas later this year. So, I did a little drive by the other day on my way to my dermatologist's office to check in on the construction. From the outside, the hotel looks pretty close to being finished. You can also spot the ride with the gondilas from the street, but I did catch a glimpse of some coaster tracks, too. There's so much going vertical over there on the Universal Kids Resort site. So, Universal Kids Resort is going to feature seven themed lands including DreamWorks Shrek Swamp, Jurassic World Adventure Camp, Nickelodeon Spongebob Squarepants Bikini Bottom, Illuminations Minions and Minions Bellow Bay Club, DreamWorks Trolls Fest, DreamWorks Puss and Boots Delmare, and the Isisle of Curiosity. Now, I want to remind you of my upcoming book signing event in Chicago. Only a few tickets are still available. On May 9th, I'll be hosting a very special Mother's Day weekend event in Chicago, Illinois at the Walt Disney birthplace. You'll get to experience the historic home where Walt was born and hang out with other Disney fans, families, mothers, and me. The link for tickets is in the description below. It includes a book and a full tour of the house. Can't wait to see you. And let's talk about Cake Bake Shop. We've got cake news, and in our world, it's the biggest news ever. The Cake Bake Shop Bakery is home to some of our favorite sweet cakes in Disney World, and we're constantly running there to try new flavors. Well, there was a cake flavor special to March that we're thrilled to announce has been extended into April and maybe even later on. Say hello to the chocolate peanut butter crunch cake. We were obsessed with this in March, and while chatting with an employee at Cake Bake, they alerted us that it would be available in April. Now, they're not sure how long it'll be there, but for now, we're thrilled at the prospect of more peanut butter crunch cake. This cost $22 a slice and is made with peanut butter buttercream, chocolate ganache, and crunchy chocolate pearls between the layers. The chocolate is rich and sweet, and the ginache came through and melted beautifully with that peanut butter. The peanut butter buttercream had that perfect pack of flavor and the crunchy pearls added a good texture. So, if you heard about this cake a few weeks ago in our news video and were sad at the thought of not trying it, you've got another month to go. Okay, it's time to talk about pizza in Disney World. Now, you know, we're not always big fans of the pizza you can find in the parks. Let's just say it doesn't really impress us that much. But there are still places to get great pizza if you know where to look. Well, we found some pizza hiding in an unexpected spot. Baseline Tap House in Hollywood Studios. The pepperoni flatbread is $17. It's pretty new at Baseline. Starts with a soft, chewy crust topped with a classic combo of mozzarella, pepperoni, and red sauce. But the stars here are the creamy ricotta and the drizzle of hot honey on top. The ricotta cools everything down while the hot honey adds just the right balance of sweet and a little heat that brings every bite to life. It's a smaller flatbread, six pieces, but it's packed with flavor and feels like the perfect thing to share while hanging out with a lighter beer or cider from the tap list. One thing to note, these are made to order, so you might have a short wait after ordering, but the fresh hot flatbread is worth it. This might be one of our new favorite snacks to grab at Baseline. We tried the Churro Bite Sunday Cup from Sunshine Churros in Disney Springs for eight bucks. just started up this week. It's basically a chocolatecovered strawberry but in churro form. You get freshly fried churro bites rolled in cinnamon sugar topped with thick chocolate and strawberry sauces plus sprinkles all tucked into a crunchy waffle bowl. The churros were made to order while we waited, which took about 10 minutes, but totally worth it for that fluffy, warm center and crunchy outside. The combo of chocolate and strawberry gives it that classic sweet fruity dessert vibe while the cinnamon sugar shines through. It's messy and sweet and warm and cold all at the same time. And it's the kind of snack that's super easy to share with the whole family. One of our favorite spots to get a treat in Hollywood Studios is none other than Woody's Lunchbox in Toy Story Land. You can find a bunch of options here, but one of our favorite are those lunchbox tarts. And we have some exciting news. The claw lunchbox tart is back on the menu. This treat is key lime curd filled pastry topped with marshmallow fondant, sugar candy, blue sprinkles, and purple crispy pearls. If you're not a fan of key lime, you can also try the raspberry lunchbox tart, which is on the menu everyday. This is raspberry marmalade stuffed pastry coated in a strawberry fondant and crispy pearls. Now, Disney often trades out the seasonal lunchbox tart, so you never know what's going to be there, but the claw is back for now. We stopped by Garden House in Epcot's Japan Pavilion to try two new drinks. The Kieran Hoyoketsu vodka sodas are $7.99 each and come in multiple flavors. We tried the pineapple and strawberry. These can also be found at Katsura Grill and inside the Mitsukoshi store, but in Mitsukoshi, they're considered souvenirs and are not to be consumed in the parks. They'll put a sticker over the opening warning not to break the seal until you're out of the park. The strawberry was fantastic. It had a light strawberry flavor that wasn't too artificial tasting. We appreciated it was served in a cup with ice so that it stayed cold longer, though our ice did melt pretty quickly in the Florida heat. It's definitely on the sweeter side, but not too much. There isn't too much tartness and we noticed that it wasn't quite as carbonated as other vodka seltzers we've had in the past. This one was our favorite flavor of the two. We'd still probably opt for the violet sake over this, but it was a nice change of pace. We didn't love the pineapple as much as the strawberry flavor, but it was still good. The flavor was a lot more subtle, and the carbonation wasn't as strong as what you'd find in a typical American vodka soda. It was refreshing, though, and we could see this being a new go-to drink for folks looking to wet their whistle on a hot day. Wasn't too sweet or too tart, just a nice subtle pineapple flavor. The alcohol taste wasn't too strong either, but it was definitely present. Exciting DFB news today, y'all. We got a new design inspired by the Carousel of Progress, Magic Kingdom's unofficial alma mater. Walt built this ride in 1964 with one idea that the future was worth being excited about. 60 years later, it is still running, still playing that song, and somewhere in that theater, there is a character wearing a hoodie with a design we could not stop thinking about. So, we made it the exact one and now it exists outside of the ride. You can grab this and so many other fun theme park inspired designs over at dfbstore.com or by shopping through this video. Yep, spring break is still happening at Disney World. The spring break crowds are here. If you're heading to Magic Kingdom these next few days, here are a few tips to help you survive the chaos. If you plan on watching Festival of Fantasy, the parade in Magic Kingdom, then try grabbing a spot in Frontier Land instead of Main Street. usually fills up more slowly, so you won't have to fight the crowds as much. Mobile order windows do fill up quickly when it's busy, so try placing your lunch or dinner orders as early as possible. Just choose a later pickup time, and you can modify if necessary. Your best ride strategy besides Lightning Lanes is rope dropping and park close. Rope dropping means arriving about 30 to 60 minutes before the park opens, and the first 2 hours, plus the last 2 hours of the night, usually have the shortest ride weights. Need a break? Try a midday hotel rest instead of starting late or leaving early. Easter is tomorrow, and several Disney hotels have Easter eggs displayed for guests to enjoy. This year, there are even awesome Muppets themed ones at Disney's Contemporary Resort. These displays will begin to disappear starting April 6th. But if you are at a Disney resort, you might also find some custom Easter baskets that you can purchase, too. Over at Disney's Old Key West Resort through late April 2026, the South Point pool and spa barbecue area and playground will be closed for routine maintenance. During this time, guests can see or hear maintenance activities during daytime hours and are encouraged to use the Sand Castle Pool or one of the resort's other two leisure pools, the Turtle Pond Pool and Miller's Road Pool. Just recently, Disney announced that over at Disney's Saratoga Springs Resort, the Turf Club lounge will be closed from early April through early August 2026. The Turf Club Bar and Grill will remain open with a pop-up bar serving a modified menu during this time. Earlier this year, the boat dock at Disney's Wilderness Lodge was closed. We last saw the boat service to Magic Kingdom suspended from January 12th to the 30th, and Disney has plans to do even more maintenance at the boat dock. It'll be closed with boat transportation suspended from April 13th to May 1st. Finally, over at Disney's Port Wilderness Resort, the Meadow Swimming Pool is still undergoing refurbishment until mid 2026. Wilderness swimming pool will remain open for guests to enjoy. During this time, seating availability around the Meadow Swimming Pool may be limited, and guests may see or hear construction in the area. Guests using bus transportation should follow posted signage to reach the pool. Now, we've already talked about Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin officially reopening on April 8th. But a newly reopened ride also means new merchandise, right? Just like any good Disney ride, you're going to exit the attraction through the gift shop. The overall store still has the same aesthetic, just with a little TLC. There are three new items that the cast members were thrilled to show us. The first one is this awesome Roosevelt shirt. It's got tons of Toy Story friends all over it. There's also this shirt that looks very similar to a Roosevelt, but it's Disney's own brand. We like the uh have to get a little closer to see the characters on this one. We think this baseball jersey is similar to other finds we've seen throughout the parks, but it'd be perfect for an extra layer of sun protection in sunny Florida. Throughout the store, you'll also find other Toy Story souvenirs that you might have already spotted throughout the park, especially in Toy Story Land over in Hollywood Studios. If you've got any Disney World discounts like annual passholders, don't forget you can usually grab bottles of soda and water from inside those gift shops and use your discount rather than at outdoor vending which doesn't accept your discount. Sarin tower, we are ready for takeoff. A new Mickey and Saurin Hallmark ornament just got teased as debuting during the keepsake ornament premiere on July 11th. It features Mickey himself on the iconic attraction. So, if you're going to be adding this one to your Disney tree, please let me know. And do you have enough Disney ornaments to have a Disney tree? Because I kind of do. We spotted so much fun new merchandise around Disney World this week. And honestly, our wallets are a little nervous. At Magic Kingdom, the new summer fruit collection has officially arrived and it's giving major farmers market fruit stand vibes. Bright colors, fruity designs, and the kind of gear that just feels like a park day in the Florida heat. You can also find this collection online. Over in Animal Kingdom, things got extra cute. We found adorable Axelottle merch, a super cuddly Piglet plush, a Starbucks tumbler, always dangerous if you're a collector, and possibly the sweetest surprise of the day, Winnie the Pooh blind boxes that are basically begging to come home with you. If you're heading to the park soon and love finding the latest Disney treasures, there's a lot to look out for right now. There are officially fewer shopping options in Disney Springs at the moment, as another store has closed. Francesca's clothing store closed its doors this week after the company filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in early 2026 and proceeded to shut down all store locations. While Disney hasn't revealed what might be replacing Franchesca's just yet, we are hopeful something will be announced soon. When we stopped by, we noticed that the store was already being gutted with workers removing fixtures and furniture. So, maybe they got something in mind. All right, that's all we've got for you today. Thanks so much for hanging out with me. If you want to stay ahead of the curve, make sure you're subscribed. Don't forget to sign up for our free newsletter, too. That's where we share the biggest stories first, plus all the tips and tricks to make your next Disney trip way easier. Thanks for listening, everyone, and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Vlog, and we'll see you real soon.
