---
video_id: j4jdCSeUm88
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Disney World Lightning Lanes -- AVOID These Expensive Mistakes"
published: 2026-01-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4jdCSeUm88
---
You'd think that a skip the ride line You'd think that a skip the ride line You'd think that a skip the ride line option would always be valuable in option would always be valuable in option would always be valuable in Disney World, but when it comes to Disney World, but when it comes to Disney World, but when it comes to Lightning Lanes, you're going to want to Lightning Lanes, you're going to want to Lightning Lanes, you're going to want to avoid these pitfalls or else. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. So, spending money on Lightning Blog. So, spending money on Lightning Blog. So, spending money on Lightning Lanes in Disney World and getting the Lanes in Disney World and getting the Lanes in Disney World and getting the best bang for your buck out of it is an best bang for your buck out of it is an best bang for your buck out of it is an amazing feeling. But spending money on amazing feeling. But spending money on amazing feeling. But spending money on Lightning Lanes and not feeling like Lightning Lanes and not feeling like Lightning Lanes and not feeling like they were worth the cost, that's less they were worth the cost, that's less they were worth the cost, that's less amazing. Terrible, really. And since amazing. Terrible, really. And since amazing. Terrible, really. And since this year the DFB team and I are this year the DFB team and I are this year the DFB team and I are focusing in on the highest value focusing in on the highest value focusing in on the highest value experiences for your upcoming Disney experiences for your upcoming Disney experiences for your upcoming Disney World vacation, we're going to make sure World vacation, we're going to make sure World vacation, we're going to make sure you stretch your Lightning Lane dollar you stretch your Lightning Lane dollar you stretch your Lightning Lane dollar by avoiding expensive mistakes. So, let by avoiding expensive mistakes. So, let by avoiding expensive mistakes. So, let me give you a quick little recap for how me give you a quick little recap for how me give you a quick little recap for how the Lightning Lane categories work. the Lightning Lane categories work. the Lightning Lane categories work. There are three types of Lightning Lane There are three types of Lightning Lane There are three types of Lightning Lane services that you can buy. Lightning services that you can buy. Lightning services that you can buy. Lightning Lane Multipass. Those allow you to Lane Multipass. Those allow you to Lane Multipass. Those allow you to bypass the main cues for certain bypass the main cues for certain bypass the main cues for certain attractions in exchange for the much attractions in exchange for the much attractions in exchange for the much shorter Lightning Lane. You'll pay a shorter Lightning Lane. You'll pay a shorter Lightning Lane. You'll pay a base price for multipass, giving you the base price for multipass, giving you the base price for multipass, giving you the chance to book multiple attractions per chance to book multiple attractions per chance to book multiple attractions per day of purchase. Lightning Lane Single day of purchase. Lightning Lane Single day of purchase. Lightning Lane Single Pass is essentially a pay per ride Pass is essentially a pay per ride Pass is essentially a pay per ride service for Disney's more in- demand service for Disney's more in- demand service for Disney's more in- demand attractions, the super popular ones. And attractions, the super popular ones. And attractions, the super popular ones. And Lightning Lane Premiere Pass is the Lightning Lane Premiere Pass is the Lightning Lane Premiere Pass is the newest Lightning Lane tier. It grants newest Lightning Lane tier. It grants newest Lightning Lane tier. It grants one-time entry into every Lightning Lane one-time entry into every Lightning Lane one-time entry into every Lightning Lane in a given park for one price point, in a given park for one price point, in a given park for one price point, eliminating the need to monitor eliminating the need to monitor eliminating the need to monitor Lightning Lane availability and make new Lightning Lane availability and make new Lightning Lane availability and make new reservations throughout the day like you reservations throughout the day like you reservations throughout the day like you have to do with Multipass. Multipass, have to do with Multipass. Multipass, have to do with Multipass. Multipass, however, is the much, much, much cheaper however, is the much, much, much cheaper however, is the much, much, much cheaper option, where Premier Pass will cost option, where Premier Pass will cost option, where Premier Pass will cost your group hundreds, if not thousands of your group hundreds, if not thousands of your group hundreds, if not thousands of dollars to use per day. Don't worry, you dollars to use per day. Don't worry, you dollars to use per day. Don't worry, you don't need to write all that info down. don't need to write all that info down. don't need to write all that info down. We've got it already listed out for you We've got it already listed out for you We've got it already listed out for you in our free maximizing your lightning in our free maximizing your lightning in our free maximizing your lightning lanes guide which you can download right lanes guide which you can download right lanes guide which you can download right now by scanning the QR code you see on now by scanning the QR code you see on now by scanning the QR code you see on the screen. It's a nice little companion the screen. It's a nice little companion the screen. It's a nice little companion I guess to this video with a lot of good I guess to this video with a lot of good I guess to this video with a lot of good base information or you can also get it base information or you can also get it base information or you can also get it by clicking the by clicking the by clicking the for Disneyfoodblog.com/multipass for Disneyfoodblog.com/multipass for Disneyfoodblog.com/multipass after this. Okay, recap over back to after this. Okay, recap over back to after this. Okay, recap over back to business. Now, I'm going to make sure business. Now, I'm going to make sure business. Now, I'm going to make sure you avoid a nightmare scenario like you avoid a nightmare scenario like you avoid a nightmare scenario like buying specifically multipass and/or buying specifically multipass and/or buying specifically multipass and/or single pass for the whole family and not single pass for the whole family and not single pass for the whole family and not getting the Lightning lanes you were getting the Lightning lanes you were getting the Lightning lanes you were wanting out of the deal. Sounds awful, wanting out of the deal. Sounds awful, wanting out of the deal. Sounds awful, right? Right. Don't want any of y'all right? Right. Don't want any of y'all right? Right. Don't want any of y'all out there having to worry about that. out there having to worry about that. out there having to worry about that. So, let's talk about not buying So, let's talk about not buying So, let's talk about not buying Lightning Lanes too late on the day Lightning Lanes too late on the day Lightning Lanes too late on the day you're buying Lightning Lanes, cuz this you're buying Lightning Lanes, cuz this you're buying Lightning Lanes, cuz this has happened to me and I've basically has happened to me and I've basically has happened to me and I've basically not been able to get any of the rides not been able to get any of the rides not been able to get any of the rides that I wanted. So, I learned real fast that I wanted. So, I learned real fast that I wanted. So, I learned real fast not to buy Lightning Lanes later in the not to buy Lightning Lanes later in the not to buy Lightning Lanes later in the day. All Lightning Lane options can be day. All Lightning Lane options can be day. All Lightning Lane options can be purchased before your trip, either 7 purchased before your trip, either 7 purchased before your trip, either 7 days before your Disney hotel check-in days before your Disney hotel check-in days before your Disney hotel check-in date or 3 days before your park visit if date or 3 days before your park visit if date or 3 days before your park visit if you're planning on staying at an you're planning on staying at an you're planning on staying at an off-propy hotel or you live locally. No off-propy hotel or you live locally. No off-propy hotel or you live locally. No matter when these pre-selections go live matter when these pre-selections go live matter when these pre-selections go live for you, they'll all become available for you, they'll all become available for you, they'll all become available starting at 7:00 a.m. Eastern. Now, you starting at 7:00 a.m. Eastern. Now, you starting at 7:00 a.m. Eastern. Now, you don't have to purchase Lightning Lanes don't have to purchase Lightning Lanes don't have to purchase Lightning Lanes right when they go live. But the sooner right when they go live. But the sooner right when they go live. But the sooner you can purchase those multi passes, the you can purchase those multi passes, the you can purchase those multi passes, the sooner you can start making your sooner you can start making your sooner you can start making your pre-selections. Yep. You get to choose pre-selections. Yep. You get to choose pre-selections. Yep. You get to choose three Lightning lanes ahead of time three Lightning lanes ahead of time three Lightning lanes ahead of time along with your multipass purchase. All along with your multipass purchase. All along with your multipass purchase. All other multipass selections will be made other multipass selections will be made other multipass selections will be made on the day that you visit. Basically, on the day that you visit. Basically, on the day that you visit. Basically, once you use a Lightning Lane, you get once you use a Lightning Lane, you get once you use a Lightning Lane, you get to make another and hold up to three all to make another and hold up to three all to make another and hold up to three all day long. The sooner you can start day long. The sooner you can start day long. The sooner you can start booking those pre-selections or those booking those pre-selections or those booking those pre-selections or those choices before you go, the more choices before you go, the more choices before you go, the more pre-selection options you'll have to pre-selection options you'll have to pre-selection options you'll have to choose from, unless you've got Premier choose from, unless you've got Premier choose from, unless you've got Premier Pass purchased, which guarantees you one Pass purchased, which guarantees you one Pass purchased, which guarantees you one Lightning Lane per ride. Lightning lanes Lightning Lane per ride. Lightning lanes Lightning Lane per ride. Lightning lanes can and do book up, don't forget. So, if can and do book up, don't forget. So, if can and do book up, don't forget. So, if you don't end up buying multipass until you don't end up buying multipass until you don't end up buying multipass until the day of your visit, not only are you the day of your visit, not only are you the day of your visit, not only are you missing out on the pre-selection missing out on the pre-selection missing out on the pre-selection process, but you might only be left with process, but you might only be left with process, but you might only be left with the scrap pile lightning lanes to choose the scrap pile lightning lanes to choose the scrap pile lightning lanes to choose from. Now, no Disney rides are bad from. Now, no Disney rides are bad from. Now, no Disney rides are bad Disney rides, but some of them don't Disney rides, but some of them don't Disney rides, but some of them don't really need the help of a Lightning Lane really need the help of a Lightning Lane really need the help of a Lightning Lane as much as others. Now, you'll still be as much as others. Now, you'll still be as much as others. Now, you'll still be paying the same exact price as those who paying the same exact price as those who paying the same exact price as those who purchased Multipass earlier and were purchased Multipass earlier and were purchased Multipass earlier and were able to use that pre-selection head able to use that pre-selection head able to use that pre-selection head start. So, we will always say buy start. So, we will always say buy start. So, we will always say buy multipass as soon as you know you're multipass as soon as you know you're multipass as soon as you know you're going to want it so that you can take going to want it so that you can take going to want it so that you can take advantage of all the early booking. advantage of all the early booking. advantage of all the early booking. Okay, example. Let's say I'm going to Okay, example. Let's say I'm going to Okay, example. Let's say I'm going to Magic Kingdom on a day that's pretty Magic Kingdom on a day that's pretty Magic Kingdom on a day that's pretty peely. Initially, I think whatever, this peely. Initially, I think whatever, this peely. Initially, I think whatever, this is fine. I can brave the crowds. And is fine. I can brave the crowds. And is fine. I can brave the crowds. And then the clock strikes noon and the then the clock strikes noon and the then the clock strikes noon and the crowds are more massive than ever. Okay, crowds are more massive than ever. Okay, crowds are more massive than ever. Okay, plan B. Let's get lightning lanes. plan B. Let's get lightning lanes. plan B. Let's get lightning lanes. Unfortunately, the better late than Unfortunately, the better late than Unfortunately, the better late than never mindset does not apply here. While never mindset does not apply here. While never mindset does not apply here. While I might be looking for Lightning Lanes I might be looking for Lightning Lanes I might be looking for Lightning Lanes to get on rides like Tiana's Bayou to get on rides like Tiana's Bayou to get on rides like Tiana's Bayou Adventure and The Many Adventures of Adventure and The Many Adventures of Adventure and The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh and Haunted Mansion, Winnie the Pooh and Haunted Mansion, Winnie the Pooh and Haunted Mansion, there's a good chance all of those there's a good chance all of those there's a good chance all of those Lightning Lanes are either completely Lightning Lanes are either completely Lightning Lanes are either completely sold out and booked up, or they don't sold out and booked up, or they don't sold out and booked up, or they don't have return times available until the have return times available until the have return times available until the very end of the park day. And the very end of the park day. And the very end of the park day. And the Lightning Lanes that I can get with Lightning Lanes that I can get with Lightning Lanes that I can get with earlier return times are for rides I earlier return times are for rides I earlier return times are for rides I don't necessarily need Lightning Lanes don't necessarily need Lightning Lanes don't necessarily need Lightning Lanes for, like Under the Sea: Journey of the for, like Under the Sea: Journey of the for, like Under the Sea: Journey of the Little Mermaid or Mad Tea Party. And Little Mermaid or Mad Tea Party. And Little Mermaid or Mad Tea Party. And yet, once again, if I go through with yet, once again, if I go through with yet, once again, if I go through with this multipass purchase, I'm still this multipass purchase, I'm still this multipass purchase, I'm still paying the same price for lightning paying the same price for lightning paying the same price for lightning lanes that little Timmy and Sally's lanes that little Timmy and Sally's lanes that little Timmy and Sally's parents paid a week ago, and they got a parents paid a week ago, and they got a parents paid a week ago, and they got a hold of all those lightning lanes that I hold of all those lightning lanes that I hold of all those lightning lanes that I wanted simply because they were wanted simply because they were wanted simply because they were proactive about the pre-selection game. proactive about the pre-selection game. proactive about the pre-selection game. Procrastination strikes again. Single Procrastination strikes again. Single Procrastination strikes again. Single pass works the same. The later you pass works the same. The later you pass works the same. The later you decide to purchase, the fewer return decide to purchase, the fewer return decide to purchase, the fewer return times you'll have to choose from that times you'll have to choose from that times you'll have to choose from that might not mesh with your theme park might not mesh with your theme park might not mesh with your theme park itinerary as well. Or even worse, they itinerary as well. Or even worse, they itinerary as well. Or even worse, they could sell out altogether. And while could sell out altogether. And while could sell out altogether. And while Premier Pass does guarantee you every Premier Pass does guarantee you every Premier Pass does guarantee you every Lightning Lane that a single park has to Lightning Lane that a single park has to Lightning Lane that a single park has to offer, purchasing Premier Pass early is offer, purchasing Premier Pass early is offer, purchasing Premier Pass early is still of the utmost importance since still of the utmost importance since still of the utmost importance since this option is super limited in supply. this option is super limited in supply. this option is super limited in supply. So if you wait until the last minute, So if you wait until the last minute, So if you wait until the last minute, you may not have the option to get it at you may not have the option to get it at you may not have the option to get it at all. Now, the same rules apply here. The all. Now, the same rules apply here. The all. Now, the same rules apply here. The early birds get to stretch their early birds get to stretch their early birds get to stretch their multipass dollars the furthest. Whenever multipass dollars the furthest. Whenever multipass dollars the furthest. Whenever you go to pre-select your three you go to pre-select your three you go to pre-select your three multipass lightning lanes, you'll be multipass lightning lanes, you'll be multipass lightning lanes, you'll be automatically assigned a 1-hour return automatically assigned a 1-hour return automatically assigned a 1-hour return window to use each lightning lane. window to use each lightning lane. window to use each lightning lane. However, before you check out on the My However, before you check out on the My However, before you check out on the My Disney Experience app, you can adjust a Disney Experience app, you can adjust a Disney Experience app, you can adjust a ride's return time for a different ride's return time for a different ride's return time for a different possible, the best thing you can do for possible, the best thing you can do for possible, the best thing you can do for your group to set yourselves up for your group to set yourselves up for your group to set yourselves up for success on the day of, is to get ride success on the day of, is to get ride success on the day of, is to get ride return times for as early in the day as return times for as early in the day as return times for as early in the day as you can get them, as in shortly after you can get them, as in shortly after you can get them, as in shortly after the park opens. Remember what I said the park opens. Remember what I said the park opens. Remember what I said earlier, you're able to hold on to three earlier, you're able to hold on to three earlier, you're able to hold on to three multipass Lightning lanes all day long. multipass Lightning lanes all day long. multipass Lightning lanes all day long. So, the moment you use one, you're able So, the moment you use one, you're able So, the moment you use one, you're able to get another one. And if your earliest to get another one. And if your earliest to get another one. And if your earliest pre-selected return time isn't until pre-selected return time isn't until pre-selected return time isn't until after lunch, then you've just lost hours after lunch, then you've just lost hours after lunch, then you've just lost hours worth of prime multipass real estate. So worth of prime multipass real estate. So worth of prime multipass real estate. So remember, earlier return windows are remember, earlier return windows are remember, earlier return windows are always best if you can manage it, cuz always best if you can manage it, cuz always best if you can manage it, cuz the earlier you can scan in for the earlier you can scan in for the earlier you can scan in for something, the sooner you can book something, the sooner you can book something, the sooner you can book another Lightning Lane for something another Lightning Lane for something another Lightning Lane for something else. Those early Lightning Lane return else. Those early Lightning Lane return else. Those early Lightning Lane return times are all going to be in vain if you times are all going to be in vain if you times are all going to be in vain if you don't stay proactive with your Lightning don't stay proactive with your Lightning don't stay proactive with your Lightning Lane selections. Just as soon as you Lane selections. Just as soon as you Lane selections. Just as soon as you scan in for a Lightning Lane, scan in for a Lightning Lane, scan in for a Lightning Lane, immediately jump back into the My Disney immediately jump back into the My Disney immediately jump back into the My Disney Experience app so you can make your next Experience app so you can make your next Experience app so you can make your next selection while you're still in line for selection while you're still in line for selection while you're still in line for the ride you're about to ride. In some the ride you're about to ride. In some the ride you're about to ride. In some cases, you may be required to scan a cases, you may be required to scan a cases, you may be required to scan a Lightning Lane twice before you're able Lightning Lane twice before you're able Lightning Lane twice before you're able to start making those multipass to start making those multipass to start making those multipass selections. So, once at the beginning of selections. So, once at the beginning of selections. So, once at the beginning of the line, once at the end of the line. the line, once at the end of the line. the line, once at the end of the line. So, if you scan in for a ride and you're So, if you scan in for a ride and you're So, if you scan in for a ride and you're not immediately eligible to make another not immediately eligible to make another not immediately eligible to make another selection, don't panic. It more than selection, don't panic. It more than selection, don't panic. It more than likely means you've just got one more likely means you've just got one more likely means you've just got one more touch point to get past before you can touch point to get past before you can touch point to get past before you can get back into the multi pass trenches. get back into the multi pass trenches. get back into the multi pass trenches. But you'll always be able to book But you'll always be able to book But you'll always be able to book another ride before you board the one another ride before you board the one another ride before you board the one you're currently in line for. And hey, you're currently in line for. And hey, you're currently in line for. And hey, sometimes every second helps when it sometimes every second helps when it sometimes every second helps when it comes to getting your priority comes to getting your priority comes to getting your priority attractions. Lightning lanes are great attractions. Lightning lanes are great attractions. Lightning lanes are great for families with younger kiddos, for families with younger kiddos, for families with younger kiddos, especially squirrely kids who like to especially squirrely kids who like to especially squirrely kids who like to say, "Are we there yet?" a lot on long say, "Are we there yet?" a lot on long say, "Are we there yet?" a lot on long car rides. Something tells me those kids car rides. Something tells me those kids car rides. Something tells me those kids are not going to be too keen about are not going to be too keen about are not going to be too keen about waiting in long ride lines over and over waiting in long ride lines over and over waiting in long ride lines over and over again. That being said, don't invest in again. That being said, don't invest in again. That being said, don't invest in multipass or single pass or premier pass multipass or single pass or premier pass multipass or single pass or premier pass before checking on each of Disney's ride before checking on each of Disney's ride before checking on each of Disney's ride height requirements. While many Disney height requirements. While many Disney height requirements. While many Disney rides are made for all ages and heights, rides are made for all ages and heights, rides are made for all ages and heights, that's not the case with all of them. that's not the case with all of them. that's not the case with all of them. So, you definitely don't want to So, you definitely don't want to So, you definitely don't want to purchase Lightning Lanes for your purchase Lightning Lanes for your purchase Lightning Lanes for your family, pre-select the rides you're most family, pre-select the rides you're most family, pre-select the rides you're most excited for only to get to Disney and excited for only to get to Disney and excited for only to get to Disney and have your youngest group member turned have your youngest group member turned have your youngest group member turned away for one or multiple pre-selected away for one or multiple pre-selected away for one or multiple pre-selected rides cuz they don't reach the height rides cuz they don't reach the height rides cuz they don't reach the height requirement for it just yet. Lightning requirement for it just yet. Lightning requirement for it just yet. Lightning lane purchases do not equal a sudden lane purchases do not equal a sudden lane purchases do not equal a sudden miraculous growth spurts. So don't get miraculous growth spurts. So don't get miraculous growth spurts. So don't get them only to have your fun-filled day go them only to have your fun-filled day go them only to have your fun-filled day go sour when your kid has to be turned sour when your kid has to be turned sour when your kid has to be turned away. Now, if you're already aware that away. Now, if you're already aware that away. Now, if you're already aware that your baby isn't going to be able to ride your baby isn't going to be able to ride your baby isn't going to be able to ride on several Disney World rides, yet you on several Disney World rides, yet you on several Disney World rides, yet you and your partner would still like to and your partner would still like to and your partner would still like to purchase Lightning Lanes for yourselves, purchase Lightning Lanes for yourselves, purchase Lightning Lanes for yourselves, keep in mind that the rider switch keep in mind that the rider switch keep in mind that the rider switch option still works alongside your option still works alongside your option still works alongside your Lightning Lane purchases. Rider switch Lightning Lane purchases. Rider switch Lightning Lane purchases. Rider switch is a free service for everybody, whether is a free service for everybody, whether is a free service for everybody, whether you purchase Lightning Lanes or not. you purchase Lightning Lanes or not. you purchase Lightning Lanes or not. Here's how it works. First, most of your Here's how it works. First, most of your Here's how it works. First, most of your group will get in line for a ride while group will get in line for a ride while group will get in line for a ride while one member stays behind to watch the one member stays behind to watch the one member stays behind to watch the kiddo or kiddos. Once the group is done kiddo or kiddos. Once the group is done kiddo or kiddos. Once the group is done with their ride through, they'll tag in with their ride through, they'll tag in with their ride through, they'll tag in the adult who had to stay behind, and the adult who had to stay behind, and the adult who had to stay behind, and it'll be their turn to ride the ride. it'll be their turn to ride the ride. it'll be their turn to ride the ride. For those who aren't using Lightning For those who aren't using Lightning For those who aren't using Lightning Lanes, this can be a huge benefit Lanes, this can be a huge benefit Lanes, this can be a huge benefit because the adult who had to stay behind because the adult who had to stay behind because the adult who had to stay behind won't have to wait in that long main won't have to wait in that long main won't have to wait in that long main standby queue if they want to do the standby queue if they want to do the standby queue if they want to do the rider switch. They'll just enter through rider switch. They'll just enter through rider switch. They'll just enter through the lightning lane queue and make their the lightning lane queue and make their the lightning lane queue and make their way up to the front of the attraction. way up to the front of the attraction. way up to the front of the attraction. But for those who are using Lightning But for those who are using Lightning But for those who are using Lightning Lanes, the Rider switch simply serves as Lanes, the Rider switch simply serves as Lanes, the Rider switch simply serves as a faster way to make sure that both a faster way to make sure that both a faster way to make sure that both adults are able to ride a ride, even if adults are able to ride a ride, even if adults are able to ride a ride, even if one has to stay behind. Remember, to use one has to stay behind. Remember, to use one has to stay behind. Remember, to use Rider Switch along with Lightning Lanes, Rider Switch along with Lightning Lanes, Rider Switch along with Lightning Lanes, everyone in the group will have to have everyone in the group will have to have everyone in the group will have to have Lightning Lanes purchased. You can't Lightning Lanes purchased. You can't Lightning Lanes purchased. You can't just purchase it for one parent and just purchase it for one parent and just purchase it for one parent and switch it to another parent when it's switch it to another parent when it's switch it to another parent when it's their turn to ride. Both members need to their turn to ride. Both members need to their turn to ride. Both members need to have Lightning Lane set up and ready to have Lightning Lane set up and ready to have Lightning Lane set up and ready to go, just like everyone else. To use go, just like everyone else. To use go, just like everyone else. To use Rider Switch, ask the cast member at the Rider Switch, ask the cast member at the Rider Switch, ask the cast member at the entrance of the attraction and they'll entrance of the attraction and they'll entrance of the attraction and they'll help you get it all set up. Let's say help you get it all set up. Let's say help you get it all set up. Let's say it's almost time for you to scan in for it's almost time for you to scan in for it's almost time for you to scan in for one of your multi pass lightning lane one of your multi pass lightning lane one of your multi pass lightning lane selections. But then, oh no, disaster selections. But then, oh no, disaster selections. But then, oh no, disaster strikes and the ride suddenly goes from strikes and the ride suddenly goes from strikes and the ride suddenly goes from being alive and well to temporarily being alive and well to temporarily being alive and well to temporarily closed. So, what happens then? I'll tell closed. So, what happens then? I'll tell closed. So, what happens then? I'll tell you what shouldn't happen. You shouldn't you what shouldn't happen. You shouldn't you what shouldn't happen. You shouldn't assume that your Lightning Lane is assume that your Lightning Lane is assume that your Lightning Lane is completely lost to the void right now. completely lost to the void right now. completely lost to the void right now. Open up your My Disney Experience app Open up your My Disney Experience app Open up your My Disney Experience app and check for an experience redemption and check for an experience redemption and check for an experience redemption pass. This is basically the wild card of pass. This is basically the wild card of pass. This is basically the wild card of the Multipass universe. You can use it the Multipass universe. You can use it the Multipass universe. You can use it at any time on any other multipass at any time on any other multipass at any time on any other multipass Lightning Lane attraction that you want Lightning Lane attraction that you want Lightning Lane attraction that you want to use it on. That could mean hitting up to use it on. That could mean hitting up to use it on. That could mean hitting up a completely different ride immediately a completely different ride immediately a completely different ride immediately or hanging on to the experience or hanging on to the experience or hanging on to the experience redemption for the time being in the redemption for the time being in the redemption for the time being in the hopes that the ride that you were hopes that the ride that you were hopes that the ride that you were wanting to use the Lightning Lane on wanting to use the Lightning Lane on wanting to use the Lightning Lane on will eventually come back online. will eventually come back online. will eventually come back online. Experience redemptions can also be Experience redemptions can also be Experience redemptions can also be handed off to those who couldn't use handed off to those who couldn't use handed off to those who couldn't use their single pass lightning lane during their single pass lightning lane during their single pass lightning lane during their chosen return window due to their chosen return window due to their chosen return window due to technical difficulties and not due to technical difficulties and not due to technical difficulties and not due to your missing your return window. That's your missing your return window. That's your missing your return window. That's on you, my friend. But we'll talk about on you, my friend. But we'll talk about on you, my friend. But we'll talk about that in just a second. You'll receive an that in just a second. You'll receive an that in just a second. You'll receive an experience redemption for a single pass experience redemption for a single pass experience redemption for a single pass attraction that goes down for attraction that goes down for attraction that goes down for maintenance reasons. That way, you can maintenance reasons. That way, you can maintenance reasons. That way, you can try using said single pass later on when try using said single pass later on when try using said single pass later on when the ride is back up and running again, the ride is back up and running again, the ride is back up and running again, hopefully. But what happens if a single hopefully. But what happens if a single hopefully. But what happens if a single pass lightning lane that you purchased pass lightning lane that you purchased pass lightning lane that you purchased never goes back online and it's coming never goes back online and it's coming never goes back online and it's coming to the end of the day? Your best bet is to the end of the day? Your best bet is to the end of the day? Your best bet is to head over to guest services and to head over to guest services and to head over to guest services and explain the situation. While refunds are explain the situation. While refunds are explain the situation. While refunds are given on a case-byase basis, it's your given on a case-byase basis, it's your given on a case-byase basis, it's your best shot at finding a solution and best shot at finding a solution and best shot at finding a solution and fixing what could have been an otherwise fixing what could have been an otherwise fixing what could have been an otherwise expensive mistake. All right, so new expensive mistake. All right, so new expensive mistake. All right, so new hypothetical situation for you. Let's hypothetical situation for you. Let's hypothetical situation for you. Let's say that you did miss your lightning say that you did miss your lightning say that you did miss your lightning lane 1 hour return window for whatever lane 1 hour return window for whatever lane 1 hour return window for whatever reason. Does that mean you've got to reason. Does that mean you've got to reason. Does that mean you've got to wave your white flag, yell surrender, wave your white flag, yell surrender, wave your white flag, yell surrender, and accept the fact that your precious and accept the fact that your precious and accept the fact that your precious lightning lane has expired? No. Don't do lightning lane has expired? No. Don't do lightning lane has expired? No. Don't do that. Not yet, at least. Just to give that. Not yet, at least. Just to give that. Not yet, at least. Just to give you a little BTS action for the DFB you a little BTS action for the DFB you a little BTS action for the DFB reporting team, our DFB reporters are reporting team, our DFB reporters are reporting team, our DFB reporters are busy. In a single day, they might be busy. In a single day, they might be busy. In a single day, they might be required to park hop or dine at a new required to park hop or dine at a new required to park hop or dine at a new busy restaurant or scan the gift shop busy restaurant or scan the gift shop busy restaurant or scan the gift shop searching for new limited time merch searching for new limited time merch searching for new limited time merch releases or brave Disney transportation releases or brave Disney transportation releases or brave Disney transportation during its most congested hours. And if during its most congested hours. And if during its most congested hours. And if one of these other reporting jobs runs one of these other reporting jobs runs one of these other reporting jobs runs long and they've got a Lightning Lane long and they've got a Lightning Lane long and they've got a Lightning Lane burning a hole in their pocket, there's burning a hole in their pocket, there's burning a hole in their pocket, there's a chance that they might show up a a chance that they might show up a a chance that they might show up a little late for their return window. It little late for their return window. It little late for their return window. It doesn't happen often, but it has doesn't happen often, but it has doesn't happen often, but it has happened. Which is why we've learned happened. Which is why we've learned happened. Which is why we've learned that lightning lanes don't really expire that lightning lanes don't really expire that lightning lanes don't really expire after their 1-hour window. Not after their 1-hour window. Not after their 1-hour window. Not immediately, that is. Actually, based on immediately, that is. Actually, based on immediately, that is. Actually, based on our experience, you have about a 3hour our experience, you have about a 3hour our experience, you have about a 3hour grace period after your Lightning Lane's grace period after your Lightning Lane's grace period after your Lightning Lane's original return window expires to get original return window expires to get original return window expires to get over to the ride and scan in. Do I over to the ride and scan in. Do I over to the ride and scan in. Do I recommend doing this? No. Lightning Lane recommend doing this? No. Lightning Lane recommend doing this? No. Lightning Lane rules can change at any time and it's rules can change at any time and it's rules can change at any time and it's best not to gamble with your return time best not to gamble with your return time best not to gamble with your return time window because Disney doesn't publish window because Disney doesn't publish window because Disney doesn't publish this anywhere. But take comfort in this anywhere. But take comfort in this anywhere. But take comfort in knowing that if you're running a little knowing that if you're running a little knowing that if you're running a little late due to getting stuck on another late due to getting stuck on another late due to getting stuck on another ride or you're stuck on I4 in Orlando ride or you're stuck on I4 in Orlando ride or you're stuck on I4 in Orlando traffic or because you overslept, you traffic or because you overslept, you traffic or because you overslept, you should have some wiggle room to work should have some wiggle room to work should have some wiggle room to work with versus giving up on a Lightning with versus giving up on a Lightning with versus giving up on a Lightning Lane entirely. So, we kind of glazed Lane entirely. So, we kind of glazed Lane entirely. So, we kind of glazed over Premiere Pass earlier, but let's over Premiere Pass earlier, but let's over Premiere Pass earlier, but let's bring it back around. Premier Pass is bring it back around. Premier Pass is bring it back around. Premier Pass is the Lightning Lane option that's best the Lightning Lane option that's best the Lightning Lane option that's best for those who have already been saving for those who have already been saving for those who have already been saving for it, so you're prepared to spend for it, so you're prepared to spend for it, so you're prepared to spend hundreds per person on this investment. hundreds per person on this investment. hundreds per person on this investment. Want to skip the lines for every Want to skip the lines for every Want to skip the lines for every Lightning Lane in a single park without Lightning Lane in a single park without Lightning Lane in a single park without all the pre-selections and day of all the pre-selections and day of all the pre-selections and day of reservation effort. You want to make reservation effort. You want to make reservation effort. You want to make sure you've got Lightning Lanes for sure you've got Lightning Lanes for sure you've got Lightning Lanes for every single ride and that nothing every single ride and that nothing every single ride and that nothing completely books up on you before you completely books up on you before you completely books up on you before you get the chance to grab it. and you're get the chance to grab it. and you're get the chance to grab it. and you're planning to make this once-in-a-lifetime planning to make this once-in-a-lifetime planning to make this once-in-a-lifetime trip. So, you want to make sure you go trip. So, you want to make sure you go trip. So, you want to make sure you go all out and see as much as you possibly all out and see as much as you possibly all out and see as much as you possibly can in a single day. Oh, and you're not can in a single day. Oh, and you're not can in a single day. Oh, and you're not planning on park hopping on the day you planning on park hopping on the day you planning on park hopping on the day you purchase Premier Pass. That's the purchase Premier Pass. That's the purchase Premier Pass. That's the kicker. Is it true that you can't park kicker. Is it true that you can't park kicker. Is it true that you can't park hop and have Premier Pass at the same hop and have Premier Pass at the same hop and have Premier Pass at the same time? No. Technically, you can have time? No. Technically, you can have time? No. Technically, you can have both. It's just not the best investment both. It's just not the best investment both. It's just not the best investment by any means. Unlike Multipass, which by any means. Unlike Multipass, which by any means. Unlike Multipass, which allows you to start booking Lightning allows you to start booking Lightning allows you to start booking Lightning lanes across the other parks after you lanes across the other parks after you lanes across the other parks after you use your first pre-selected lightning use your first pre-selected lightning use your first pre-selected lightning lane of the day, Premier Pass does not lane of the day, Premier Pass does not lane of the day, Premier Pass does not have a park hopper friendly option at have a park hopper friendly option at have a park hopper friendly option at the moment. So, when you pay for a the moment. So, when you pay for a the moment. So, when you pay for a Premier Pass, you'll be paying for a Premier Pass, you'll be paying for a Premier Pass, you'll be paying for a day's worth of Lightning Lanes in one day's worth of Lightning Lanes in one day's worth of Lightning Lanes in one park only. So, if you say purchase park only. So, if you say purchase park only. So, if you say purchase Premier Pass for Magic Kingdom, but the Premier Pass for Magic Kingdom, but the Premier Pass for Magic Kingdom, but the call of the Montreal is so strong that call of the Montreal is so strong that call of the Montreal is so strong that you decide to hit up Epcot's rides too you decide to hit up Epcot's rides too you decide to hit up Epcot's rides too with your Park Hopper ticket, you're not with your Park Hopper ticket, you're not with your Park Hopper ticket, you're not only going to have to purchase Multipass only going to have to purchase Multipass only going to have to purchase Multipass on top of your already expensive Premier on top of your already expensive Premier on top of your already expensive Premier Pass if you want to skip over any of Pass if you want to skip over any of Pass if you want to skip over any of Epcot's ride lines as well, but you Epcot's ride lines as well, but you Epcot's ride lines as well, but you might also end up not getting the chance might also end up not getting the chance might also end up not getting the chance to use all your Magic Kingdom Premier to use all your Magic Kingdom Premier to use all your Magic Kingdom Premier Pass Lightning Lanes that you paid a Pass Lightning Lanes that you paid a Pass Lightning Lanes that you paid a whole lot of money for if you cut your whole lot of money for if you cut your whole lot of money for if you cut your time short there. So, if you're getting time short there. So, if you're getting time short there. So, if you're getting Premier Pass, I'd advise you to skip Premier Pass, I'd advise you to skip Premier Pass, I'd advise you to skip over the Park Hopper add-on for now over the Park Hopper add-on for now over the Park Hopper add-on for now since that's also an extra expense on since that's also an extra expense on since that's also an extra expense on top of your general admission price. Or top of your general admission price. Or top of your general admission price. Or if you still decide to go ahead and if you still decide to go ahead and if you still decide to go ahead and invest in Park Hopper, make sure to get invest in Park Hopper, make sure to get invest in Park Hopper, make sure to get all your Premier Pass Lightning Lanes all your Premier Pass Lightning Lanes all your Premier Pass Lightning Lanes knocked out first before you hop to knocked out first before you hop to knocked out first before you hop to another park. Technology isn't perfect, another park. Technology isn't perfect, another park. Technology isn't perfect, and if anything's proof of that, it's and if anything's proof of that, it's and if anything's proof of that, it's the My Disney Experience app. Every so the My Disney Experience app. Every so the My Disney Experience app. Every so often, MDE decides to just, you know, often, MDE decides to just, you know, often, MDE decides to just, you know, give up. Sometimes it's a minor give up. Sometimes it's a minor give up. Sometimes it's a minor inconvenience, like not showing any of inconvenience, like not showing any of inconvenience, like not showing any of the park's updated weight times, and the park's updated weight times, and the park's updated weight times, and sometimes it's a way bigger sometimes it's a way bigger sometimes it's a way bigger inconvenience, like your lightning lane inconvenience, like your lightning lane inconvenience, like your lightning lane purchases and selections are on the purchases and selections are on the purchases and selections are on the fritz. We've run into issues where our fritz. We've run into issues where our fritz. We've run into issues where our lightning lanes have suddenly lightning lanes have suddenly lightning lanes have suddenly disappeared from our roster. Before you disappeared from our roster. Before you disappeared from our roster. Before you panic and think you paid all this money panic and think you paid all this money panic and think you paid all this money for a whole lot of nothing, see if a for a whole lot of nothing, see if a for a whole lot of nothing, see if a tech issue is to blame, and if it's tech issue is to blame, and if it's tech issue is to blame, and if it's something you can work out before it something you can work out before it something you can work out before it snowballs. Sometimes the Wi-Fi from your snowballs. Sometimes the Wi-Fi from your snowballs. Sometimes the Wi-Fi from your hotel room may not have such a great hotel room may not have such a great hotel room may not have such a great signal and you're better off using your signal and you're better off using your signal and you're better off using your own data instead. Other times, it might own data instead. Other times, it might own data instead. Other times, it might just be a matter of restarting your app. just be a matter of restarting your app. just be a matter of restarting your app. If your My Disney Experience app is If your My Disney Experience app is If your My Disney Experience app is acting up, Disney's going to work acting up, Disney's going to work acting up, Disney's going to work quickly to get that back up and running quickly to get that back up and running quickly to get that back up and running again, but when it is back online, again, but when it is back online, again, but when it is back online, you'll more than likely have to relog you'll more than likely have to relog you'll more than likely have to relog into the app with your account info. So, into the app with your account info. So, into the app with your account info. So, make sure you know which email and make sure you know which email and make sure you know which email and password you used just in case you need password you used just in case you need password you used just in case you need to put them in again. If the app to put them in again. If the app to put them in again. If the app glitched hard enough that it's messed glitched hard enough that it's messed glitched hard enough that it's messed with your Lightning Lane selections, with your Lightning Lane selections, with your Lightning Lane selections, then always head to either the park's then always head to either the park's then always head to either the park's guest services or your Disney Resorts guest services or your Disney Resorts guest services or your Disney Resorts front lobby to start getting things front lobby to start getting things front lobby to start getting things sorted out. The cast members at these sorted out. The cast members at these sorted out. The cast members at these locations are more than familiar with locations are more than familiar with locations are more than familiar with Lightning Lane issues, so keep in mind Lightning Lane issues, so keep in mind Lightning Lane issues, so keep in mind they're already on your side and ready they're already on your side and ready they're already on your side and ready to help when you arrive. It helps to to help when you arrive. It helps to to help when you arrive. It helps to have receipts for these cast members to have receipts for these cast members to have receipts for these cast members to refer back to. If you remember to refer back to. If you remember to refer back to. If you remember to screenshot any of your multipass or screenshot any of your multipass or screenshot any of your multipass or single pass purchases or Lightning Lane single pass purchases or Lightning Lane single pass purchases or Lightning Lane selections before they disappeared into selections before they disappeared into selections before they disappeared into the Great Unknown, you'll want to pull the Great Unknown, you'll want to pull the Great Unknown, you'll want to pull those screenshots up for the guest those screenshots up for the guest those screenshots up for the guest services cast member. These kinds of services cast member. These kinds of services cast member. These kinds of receipts can help cast members get receipts can help cast members get receipts can help cast members get things sorted out for you even faster. things sorted out for you even faster. things sorted out for you even faster. But even if you don't have screenshots, But even if you don't have screenshots, But even if you don't have screenshots, guest services should still be able to guest services should still be able to guest services should still be able to come up with a solution for you and your come up with a solution for you and your come up with a solution for you and your family where everyone can just take a family where everyone can just take a family where everyone can just take a huge sigh of relief and feel better huge sigh of relief and feel better huge sigh of relief and feel better about the rest of the day moving about the rest of the day moving about the rest of the day moving forward. This one's tricky, but it's forward. This one's tricky, but it's forward. This one's tricky, but it's true. You're actually more liable to true. You're actually more liable to true. You're actually more liable to waste money if you purchase Lightning waste money if you purchase Lightning waste money if you purchase Lightning Lanes when prices are lower versus Lanes when prices are lower versus Lanes when prices are lower versus buying them when they're higher. Here's buying them when they're higher. Here's buying them when they're higher. Here's the thing. You don't have to buy the thing. You don't have to buy the thing. You don't have to buy Lightning Lanes at all if you don't want Lightning Lanes at all if you don't want Lightning Lanes at all if you don't want to. You'll still be able to ride the to. You'll still be able to ride the to. You'll still be able to ride the rides in the parks either way. But rides in the parks either way. But rides in the parks either way. But Disney still really wants you to buy Disney still really wants you to buy Disney still really wants you to buy Lightning Lanes no matter what. So when Lightning Lanes no matter what. So when Lightning Lanes no matter what. So when tourism is getting kind of slow, like tourism is getting kind of slow, like tourism is getting kind of slow, like during back to school season, for during back to school season, for during back to school season, for instance, those surge priced Lightning instance, those surge priced Lightning instance, those surge priced Lightning Lanes are going to drop down to make Lanes are going to drop down to make Lanes are going to drop down to make them seem more appealing. Multipass them seem more appealing. Multipass them seem more appealing. Multipass tends to start at $15 per day, but has tends to start at $15 per day, but has tends to start at $15 per day, but has the potential to get as high as 39 plus the potential to get as high as 39 plus the potential to get as high as 39 plus per day. When you're seeing multi-year per day. When you're seeing multi-year per day. When you're seeing multi-year single pass prices at the higher end of single pass prices at the higher end of single pass prices at the higher end of their price spectrum, that usually means their price spectrum, that usually means their price spectrum, that usually means lightning lanes are going to be more in lightning lanes are going to be more in lightning lanes are going to be more in demand and therefore more worth the demand and therefore more worth the demand and therefore more worth the investment, aka bigger crowds. Not our investment, aka bigger crowds. Not our investment, aka bigger crowds. Not our favorite piece of advice to give you, favorite piece of advice to give you, favorite piece of advice to give you, but since time is money in Disney World, but since time is money in Disney World, but since time is money in Disney World, I definitely plan to budget for I definitely plan to budget for I definitely plan to budget for Lightning Lanes when they're reaching Lightning Lanes when they're reaching Lightning Lanes when they're reaching that higher end of the spectrum versus that higher end of the spectrum versus that higher end of the spectrum versus the lower end since higher price the lower end since higher price the lower end since higher price lightning lanes equals more of a reason lightning lanes equals more of a reason lightning lanes equals more of a reason to book them. In 2026, a multi pass or to book them. In 2026, a multi pass or to book them. In 2026, a multi pass or premier pass purchase for Animal Kingdom premier pass purchase for Animal Kingdom premier pass purchase for Animal Kingdom isn't going to get you very far. At isn't going to get you very far. At isn't going to get you very far. At least not in the rides department. After least not in the rides department. After least not in the rides department. After Dinosaur closes on February 2nd, your Dinosaur closes on February 2nd, your Dinosaur closes on February 2nd, your multi-pass purchase for Animal Kingdom multi-pass purchase for Animal Kingdom multi-pass purchase for Animal Kingdom is only going to give you four rides you is only going to give you four rides you is only going to give you four rides you can skip the lines for. Na'vi River can skip the lines for. Na'vi River can skip the lines for. Na'vi River Journey, Kilimanjaro Safaris, Expedition Journey, Kilimanjaro Safaris, Expedition Journey, Kilimanjaro Safaris, Expedition Everest, and Collie River Rapids. Everest, and Collie River Rapids. Everest, and Collie River Rapids. Remember, Flight of Passage is a single Remember, Flight of Passage is a single Remember, Flight of Passage is a single pass, not a multipass. Even if those pass, not a multipass. Even if those pass, not a multipass. Even if those four Animal Kingdom multipass rides four Animal Kingdom multipass rides four Animal Kingdom multipass rides garner super long waits the day of your garner super long waits the day of your garner super long waits the day of your visit, that's still not going to visit, that's still not going to visit, that's still not going to completely destroy your day because you completely destroy your day because you completely destroy your day because you should still be able to knock out should still be able to knock out should still be able to knock out everything before the park closes as everything before the park closes as everything before the park closes as long as technical difficulties don't long as technical difficulties don't long as technical difficulties don't arise. Sure, your Lightning Lane arise. Sure, your Lightning Lane arise. Sure, your Lightning Lane purchase here will also give you early purchase here will also give you early purchase here will also give you early entry into the shows, but like you don't entry into the shows, but like you don't entry into the shows, but like you don't really need that early show entry perk really need that early show entry perk really need that early show entry perk to see these shows without long waits. to see these shows without long waits. to see these shows without long waits. Often we just walk up to them a few Often we just walk up to them a few Often we just walk up to them a few minutes before they begin and find a minutes before they begin and find a minutes before they begin and find a seat just fine. And considering the fact seat just fine. And considering the fact seat just fine. And considering the fact that a family of four would still have that a family of four would still have that a family of four would still have to pay at minimum at least $60 for to pay at minimum at least $60 for to pay at minimum at least $60 for Animal Kingdom Lightning Lanes, it's Animal Kingdom Lightning Lanes, it's Animal Kingdom Lightning Lanes, it's just not worth it for four rides and a just not worth it for four rides and a just not worth it for four rides and a few shows. Granted, if your kids hate few shows. Granted, if your kids hate few shows. Granted, if your kids hate waiting in any sort of line, or you're waiting in any sort of line, or you're waiting in any sort of line, or you're visiting during an ultra busy time of visiting during an ultra busy time of visiting during an ultra busy time of the year, like around the holidays or the year, like around the holidays or the year, like around the holidays or spring break, or you're only planning a spring break, or you're only planning a spring break, or you're only planning a half day for this park and you'll be half day for this park and you'll be half day for this park and you'll be using Lightning Lanes while also park using Lightning Lanes while also park using Lightning Lanes while also park hopping somewhere else, then yeah, hopping somewhere else, then yeah, hopping somewhere else, then yeah, Multipass might still be worth the Multipass might still be worth the Multipass might still be worth the investment. Then you'll just have to investment. Then you'll just have to investment. Then you'll just have to weigh the pros and cons and piggy banks, weigh the pros and cons and piggy banks, weigh the pros and cons and piggy banks, too. Now, I will say that a single pass too. Now, I will say that a single pass too. Now, I will say that a single pass lightning lane for Flight of Passage is lightning lane for Flight of Passage is lightning lane for Flight of Passage is definitely worth the investment for your definitely worth the investment for your definitely worth the investment for your Animal Kingdom day, at least in my Animal Kingdom day, at least in my Animal Kingdom day, at least in my opinion, since that'll be the ride opinion, since that'll be the ride opinion, since that'll be the ride that'll see the highest weight times, that'll see the highest weight times, that'll see the highest weight times, often climbing into the 75 to 90 plus often climbing into the 75 to 90 plus often climbing into the 75 to 90 plus minute range. But then again, you might minute range. But then again, you might minute range. But then again, you might also see weight times drop down for this also see weight times drop down for this also see weight times drop down for this one later on in the day, like an hour or one later on in the day, like an hour or one later on in the day, like an hour or two before the park closes. Okay, we've two before the park closes. Okay, we've two before the park closes. Okay, we've covered a lot of expensive Lightning covered a lot of expensive Lightning covered a lot of expensive Lightning Lane mistakes that you are no longer Lane mistakes that you are no longer Lane mistakes that you are no longer going to be making, right? Right. Great. going to be making, right? Right. Great. going to be making, right? Right. Great. The DFB team and I are super super The DFB team and I are super super The DFB team and I are super super invested in making sure that you get the invested in making sure that you get the invested in making sure that you get the best bang for your buck in Disney World. best bang for your buck in Disney World. best bang for your buck in Disney World. So, if you're ready to learn about even So, if you're ready to learn about even So, if you're ready to learn about even more highv value tips before your big more highv value tips before your big more highv value tips before your big vacation, check out one of our other vacation, check out one of our other vacation, check out one of our other dollar stretching videos, like the one dollar stretching videos, like the one dollar stretching videos, like the one where we spend only 40 bucks on food at where we spend only 40 bucks on food at where we spend only 40 bucks on food at Disney World, which was a big eye opener Disney World, which was a big eye opener Disney World, which was a big eye opener for all of us. And don't forget to pick for all of us. And don't forget to pick for all of us. And don't forget to pick up our free maximizing your lightning up our free maximizing your lightning up our free maximizing your lightning lanes guide today over at lanes guide today over at lanes guide today over at disneyfoodblog.com/multipass. disneyfoodblog.com/multipass. disneyfoodblog.com/multipass. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks Thanks for listening everyone and thanks Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for for watching. As always, this is AJ for for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog, and we'll see you real Disney Food Blog, and we'll see you real Disney Food Blog, and we'll see you real soon.
