---
video_id: 0gDLkHTOhms
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Top 10 BEST VALUE Restaurants in Disney World -- Table Service Meals"
published: 2026-01-05
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0gDLkHTOhms
---
The DFB team and I have been to every The DFB team and I have been to every The DFB team and I have been to every single Disney World table service single Disney World table service single Disney World table service restaurant multiple times, and these are restaurant multiple times, and these are restaurant multiple times, and these are the top 10 we think are the best values the top 10 we think are the best values the top 10 we think are the best values for 2026. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. So this year it's DFB's goal to Blog. So this year it's DFB's goal to Blog. So this year it's DFB's goal to track down the best ways to stretch your track down the best ways to stretch your track down the best ways to stretch your dollar during a Disney World vacation. dollar during a Disney World vacation. dollar during a Disney World vacation. Recently, we released a video about the Recently, we released a video about the Recently, we released a video about the best value quick services. And today's best value quick services. And today's best value quick services. And today's video is about those sit-down meals that video is about those sit-down meals that video is about those sit-down meals that you'll have to make reservations for and you'll have to make reservations for and you'll have to make reservations for and that you usually have to brace your that you usually have to brace your that you usually have to brace your budget for, too. But when it comes to budget for, too. But when it comes to budget for, too. But when it comes to the table services we've gathered up for the table services we've gathered up for the table services we've gathered up for you today, you'll find cheaper price you today, you'll find cheaper price you today, you'll find cheaper price points and/or restaurants that'll be points and/or restaurants that'll be points and/or restaurants that'll be sure to make the most out of your sure to make the most out of your sure to make the most out of your hard-earned dollar when it comes to hard-earned dollar when it comes to hard-earned dollar when it comes to atmosphere, food quality, service, etc., atmosphere, food quality, service, etc., atmosphere, food quality, service, etc., etc. We've taken all of it into etc. We've taken all of it into etc. We've taken all of it into consideration to make sure these consideration to make sure these consideration to make sure these restaurants will not end up on your restaurants will not end up on your restaurants will not end up on your regrets list. Okay, I couldn't help regrets list. Okay, I couldn't help regrets list. Okay, I couldn't help myself. I had to start this video with myself. I had to start this video with myself. I had to start this video with Garden Grill in Epcot. Now, I know it's Garden Grill in Epcot. Now, I know it's Garden Grill in Epcot. Now, I know it's practically a meme on this channel that practically a meme on this channel that practically a meme on this channel that AJ loves Garden Grill, but really, when AJ loves Garden Grill, but really, when AJ loves Garden Grill, but really, when you take into consideration all of those you take into consideration all of those you take into consideration all of those things I mentioned, atmosphere, service, things I mentioned, atmosphere, service, things I mentioned, atmosphere, service, food quality, full-on experience, this food quality, full-on experience, this food quality, full-on experience, this is one of the best deals you can is one of the best deals you can is one of the best deals you can possibly book in a [music] Disney theme possibly book in a [music] Disney theme possibly book in a [music] Disney theme park. Now, it's not the cheapest park. Now, it's not the cheapest park. Now, it's not the cheapest family-style restaurant in Disney World, family-style restaurant in Disney World, family-style restaurant in Disney World, but if you're looking for a character but if you're looking for a character but if you're looking for a character dining experience that's more affordable dining experience that's more affordable dining experience that's more affordable than some and has multiple character than some and has multiple character than some and has multiple character interactions for you to look forward to, interactions for you to look forward to, interactions for you to look forward to, this [music] is the place. I would argue this [music] is the place. I would argue this [music] is the place. I would argue that this restaurant has the best that this restaurant has the best that this restaurant has the best character interaction quantity because character interaction quantity because character interaction quantity because you're not just going to see Mickey, you're not just going to see Mickey, you're not just going to see Mickey, Pluto, Chip, and Dale once during your Pluto, Chip, and Dale once during your Pluto, Chip, and Dale once during your meal. They're likely going to come meal. They're likely going to come meal. They're likely going to come around multiple times during your around multiple times during your around multiple times during your experience because it's such a small experience because it's such a small experience because it's such a small restaurant, so they have fewer tables to restaurant, so they have fewer tables to restaurant, so they have fewer tables to actually get to. Along with all the actually get to. Along with all the actually get to. Along with all the character one-on-one time, you'll also character one-on-one time, you'll also character one-on-one time, you'll also get to dine in a restaurant that slowly get to dine in a restaurant that slowly get to dine in a restaurant that slowly rotates to show you different scenes of rotates to show you different scenes of rotates to show you different scenes of the Living with the Land ride happening the Living with the Land ride happening the Living with the Land ride happening down below. And you get to munch on a down below. And you get to munch on a down below. And you get to munch on a lot of farm fresh food, including lot of farm fresh food, including lot of farm fresh food, including options like cornbread, roasted turkey, options like cornbread, roasted turkey, options like cornbread, roasted turkey, mac and cheese, garden salad, grilled mac and cheese, garden salad, grilled mac and cheese, garden salad, grilled steak, homestyle mashed potatoes, and steak, homestyle mashed potatoes, and steak, homestyle mashed potatoes, and more. Lunch and dinner at Garden Grill more. Lunch and dinner at Garden Grill more. Lunch and dinner at Garden Grill will put you back $62 per adult. But if will put you back $62 per adult. But if will put you back $62 per adult. But if it's really the characters and it's really the characters and it's really the characters and atmosphere you're wanting to prioritize atmosphere you're wanting to prioritize atmosphere you're wanting to prioritize here, the harvest fees breakfast will be here, the harvest fees breakfast will be here, the harvest fees breakfast will be cheaper at $49 per adult. And again, cheaper at $49 per adult. And again, cheaper at $49 per adult. And again, both of these are all you care to eat. both of these are all you care to eat. both of these are all you care to eat. Next up is Alen Compass in the Yacht Next up is Alen Compass in the Yacht Next up is Alen Compass in the Yacht Club Resort. And this is not something Club Resort. And this is not something Club Resort. And this is not something that we talk about very often, but when that we talk about very often, but when that we talk about very often, but when it comes to value for a dollar, it is a it comes to value for a dollar, it is a it comes to value for a dollar, it is a powerhouse. Alen Compass focuses on New powerhouse. Alen Compass focuses on New powerhouse. Alen Compass focuses on New England comfort food. It might not be England comfort food. It might not be England comfort food. It might not be Disney's most exciting restaurant or Disney's most exciting restaurant or Disney's most exciting restaurant or highly themed, but the quality of food highly themed, but the quality of food highly themed, but the quality of food offered during breakfast, lunch, and offered during breakfast, lunch, and offered during breakfast, lunch, and dinner has been shockingly impressive dinner has been shockingly impressive dinner has been shockingly impressive during most of our recent visits. Not to during most of our recent visits. Not to during most of our recent visits. Not to mention, this place is cozy. Think Cape mention, this place is cozy. Think Cape mention, this place is cozy. Think Cape Cod meets Gastro Pub. Breakfast really Cod meets Gastro Pub. Breakfast really Cod meets Gastro Pub. Breakfast really steals the show for us here. You can steals the show for us here. You can steals the show for us here. You can order just individual entre for $16 to order just individual entre for $16 to order just individual entre for $16 to $21 each, which let's be honest, those $21 each, which let's be honest, those $21 each, which let's be honest, those are counter prices. Or you can do the are counter prices. Or you can do the are counter prices. Or you can do the continental enhancement option where you continental enhancement option where you continental enhancement option where you can choose an entree plus get additional can choose an entree plus get additional can choose an entree plus get additional continental offerings off the buffet continental offerings off the buffet continental offerings off the buffet plus your non-alcoholic beverage is also plus your non-alcoholic beverage is also plus your non-alcoholic beverage is also included in that price point. And this included in that price point. And this included in that price point. And this costs $28 for adults, just a few dollars costs $28 for adults, just a few dollars costs $28 for adults, just a few dollars more than the allocart entree options. more than the allocart entree options. more than the allocart entree options. Truth be told, this might be the single Truth be told, this might be the single Truth be told, this might be the single best Disney World breakfast when it best Disney World breakfast when it best Disney World breakfast when it comes to stretching your dollar. But comes to stretching your dollar. But comes to stretching your dollar. But hey, let's not completely leave out hey, let's not completely leave out hey, let's not completely leave out lunch and dinner. They may not offer up lunch and dinner. They may not offer up lunch and dinner. They may not offer up a continental enhancement option like a continental enhancement option like a continental enhancement option like breakfast does, but you can still get breakfast does, but you can still get breakfast does, but you can still get salads and flatbreads and main plates salads and flatbreads and main plates salads and flatbreads and main plates for $13 to $25 during lunch. Main plates for $13 to $25 during lunch. Main plates for $13 to $25 during lunch. Main plates during dinner get a little more pricey, during dinner get a little more pricey, during dinner get a little more pricey, but still don't tend to break the $40 but still don't tend to break the $40 but still don't tend to break the $40 threshold. Just to give you a point of threshold. Just to give you a point of threshold. Just to give you a point of reference, if you walk inside Epcot and reference, if you walk inside Epcot and reference, if you walk inside Epcot and order an entree from the Regal Eagle order an entree from the Regal Eagle order an entree from the Regal Eagle Smokehouse quick service, prices are Smokehouse quick service, prices are Smokehouse quick service, prices are going to be the same as Ale Encompasses going to be the same as Ale Encompasses going to be the same as Ale Encompasses lunch options, ranging between $13 and lunch options, ranging between $13 and lunch options, ranging between $13 and $19. It is outstanding to me. And $19. It is outstanding to me. And $19. It is outstanding to me. And honestly, the portion sizes at Dale honestly, the portion sizes at Dale honestly, the portion sizes at Dale Encompass are bonkers. They are Encompass are bonkers. They are Encompass are bonkers. They are absolutely enough to feed two people. I absolutely enough to feed two people. I absolutely enough to feed two people. I just had the chicken and waffles, which just had the chicken and waffles, which just had the chicken and waffles, which was delicious, and it was absolutely was delicious, and it was absolutely was delicious, and it was absolutely massive. Okay, so Ale Enco and Compass massive. Okay, so Ale Enco and Compass massive. Okay, so Ale Enco and Compass will offer a full table service will offer a full table service will offer a full table service experience with quick service prices experience with quick service prices experience with quick service prices featuring highquality entre like the featuring highquality entre like the featuring highquality entre like the seasonal market chicken sandwich for 16 seasonal market chicken sandwich for 16 seasonal market chicken sandwich for 16 bucks, the seasonal market vegetable bucks, the seasonal market vegetable bucks, the seasonal market vegetable flatbread for 17, and those chicken and flatbread for 17, and those chicken and flatbread for 17, and those chicken and waffles with cranberry maple syrup, and waffles with cranberry maple syrup, and waffles with cranberry maple syrup, and the waffles are made out of like the waffles are made out of like the waffles are made out of like stuffing. So they are savory and stuffing. So they are savory and stuffing. So they are savory and unbelievable, and it's only $20. unbelievable, and it's only $20. unbelievable, and it's only $20. Sorry, my brain is exploding. It was Sorry, my brain is exploding. It was Sorry, my brain is exploding. It was mindblowing. And there's a lot more on mindblowing. And there's a lot more on mindblowing. And there's a lot more on the menu. And again, service is good, the menu. And again, service is good, the menu. And again, service is good, the experience is fine. I would say that the experience is fine. I would say that the experience is fine. I would say that again, the theming is boring, but when again, the theming is boring, but when again, the theming is boring, but when you're paying that much for an you're paying that much for an you're paying that much for an incredible meal, it's still worth it. incredible meal, it's still worth it. incredible meal, it's still worth it. Okay. Just because value is the name of Okay. Just because value is the name of Okay. Just because value is the name of our DFB game this year, we want to make our DFB game this year, we want to make our DFB game this year, we want to make sure you're stretching your dollar and sure you're stretching your dollar and sure you're stretching your dollar and saving money wherever and wherever you saving money wherever and wherever you saving money wherever and wherever you can. Not just on Disney dining, but on can. Not just on Disney dining, but on can. Not just on Disney dining, but on Disney everything. So, go ahead and scan Disney everything. So, go ahead and scan Disney everything. So, go ahead and scan the QR code you see on the screen now or the QR code you see on the screen now or the QR code you see on the screen now or click on the for click on the for click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/discoplans. Disneyfoodblog.com/discoplans. Disneyfoodblog.com/discoplans. after this and we're going to send you after this and we're going to send you after this and we're going to send you our free Disney World planning our free Disney World planning our free Disney World planning worksheets which have a bonus section worksheets which have a bonus section worksheets which have a bonus section that lists off all our favorite ways to that lists off all our favorite ways to that lists off all our favorite ways to save the big bucks not just on food but save the big bucks not just on food but save the big bucks not just on food but on travel, hotel stays, souvenirs, on travel, hotel stays, souvenirs, on travel, hotel stays, souvenirs, [music] [music] [music] everything. We've done all the research everything. We've done all the research everything. We've done all the research for you and we've made all the mistakes for you and we've made all the mistakes for you and we've made all the mistakes too so that you don't have to. Okay, too so that you don't have to. Okay, too so that you don't have to. Okay, steakhouse 71 in the contemporary steakhouse 71 in the contemporary steakhouse 71 in the contemporary resort. I believe it was Benjamin resort. I believe it was Benjamin resort. I believe it was Benjamin Franklin who once said, "In this world, Franklin who once said, "In this world, Franklin who once said, "In this world, nothing can be said to be certain except nothing can be said to be certain except nothing can be said to be certain except death and taxes and high price stakes at death and taxes and high price stakes at death and taxes and high price stakes at Disney World restaurants." I might be Disney World restaurants." I might be Disney World restaurants." I might be remembering that a little bit wrong, but remembering that a little bit wrong, but remembering that a little bit wrong, but that's basically what he said. that's basically what he said. that's basically what he said. Thankfully, Mr. Franklin can rest easy Thankfully, Mr. Franklin can rest easy Thankfully, Mr. Franklin can rest easy knowing that Steakhouse 71 helps knowing that Steakhouse 71 helps knowing that Steakhouse 71 helps alleviate some of that steakhouse alleviate some of that steakhouse alleviate some of that steakhouse budgeting stress by offering up budgeting stress by offering up budgeting stress by offering up incredible steakhouse cuts at [music] incredible steakhouse cuts at [music] incredible steakhouse cuts at [music] dinnertime that don't break the $50 dinnertime that don't break the $50 dinnertime that don't break the $50 threshold. But don't think that these threshold. But don't think that these threshold. But don't think that these cheaper stakes are cheaper quality. The cheaper stakes are cheaper quality. The cheaper stakes are cheaper quality. The cuts we've gotten here recently and in cuts we've gotten here recently and in cuts we've gotten here recently and in the past are moist and juicy and very the past are moist and juicy and very the past are moist and juicy and very flavorful. That prime rib is literally flavorful. That prime rib is literally flavorful. That prime rib is literally bigger than the plate. It's like hanging bigger than the plate. It's like hanging bigger than the plate. It's like hanging off the plate. And it is so buttery and off the plate. And it is so buttery and off the plate. And it is so buttery and tender. I will order it every single tender. I will order it every single tender. I will order it every single time. Now, just to show you a price time. Now, just to show you a price time. Now, just to show you a price comparison, the 12 oz roasted prime rib comparison, the 12 oz roasted prime rib comparison, the 12 oz roasted prime rib at Steakhouse 71 is $39. The 14oz at Steakhouse 71 is $39. The 14oz at Steakhouse 71 is $39. The 14oz roasted prime rib at Yachtsman roasted prime rib at Yachtsman roasted prime rib at Yachtsman Steakhouse is $60. Yes, you get more Steakhouse is $60. Yes, you get more Steakhouse is $60. Yes, you get more prime rib for the price you pay at prime rib for the price you pay at prime rib for the price you pay at Yachtsman, but considering those are the Yachtsman, but considering those are the Yachtsman, but considering those are the only prime rib sizes available, you only prime rib sizes available, you only prime rib sizes available, you don't really have the option to pay less don't really have the option to pay less don't really have the option to pay less for it if you're looking for a cheaper for it if you're looking for a cheaper for it if you're looking for a cheaper price point. But one of the best parts price point. But one of the best parts price point. But one of the best parts about ordering a steak here is the sauce about ordering a steak here is the sauce about ordering a steak here is the sauce flight. Many specialty steakhouse sauces flight. Many specialty steakhouse sauces flight. Many specialty steakhouse sauces from other steakous on site like STK from other steakous on site like STK from other steakous on site like STK Orlando and Disney Springs and Bourbon Orlando and Disney Springs and Bourbon Orlando and Disney Springs and Bourbon Steak will automatically charge you for Steak will automatically charge you for Steak will automatically charge you for each of your steak sauce accompaniment. each of your steak sauce accompaniment. each of your steak sauce accompaniment. Meanwhile, the first sauce you get at Meanwhile, the first sauce you get at Meanwhile, the first sauce you get at Steakhouse 71 is on the house. All your Steakhouse 71 is on the house. All your Steakhouse 71 is on the house. All your other sauces will cost a little extra, other sauces will cost a little extra, other sauces will cost a little extra, but you can get the whole steakhouse but you can get the whole steakhouse but you can get the whole steakhouse sauce flight with every single sauce flight with every single sauce flight with every single Steakhouse 71 sauce for only $6. If this Steakhouse 71 sauce for only $6. If this Steakhouse 71 sauce for only $6. If this tells you anything, that's less than tells you anything, that's less than tells you anything, that's less than just one specialty steak sauce from STK. just one specialty steak sauce from STK. just one specialty steak sauce from STK. And for that $6 price, you got five And for that $6 price, you got five And for that $6 price, you got five sauces at Steakhouse 71 to add tons of sauces at Steakhouse 71 to add tons of sauces at Steakhouse 71 to add tons of flavor variety along with each bite of flavor variety along with each bite of flavor variety along with each bite of meat. Note, while Steakhouse 71 is meat. Note, while Steakhouse 71 is meat. Note, while Steakhouse 71 is technically open for breakfast, lunch, technically open for breakfast, lunch, technically open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, the steakhouse cuts menu is and dinner, the steakhouse cuts menu is and dinner, the steakhouse cuts menu is only in the evening. That being said, only in the evening. That being said, only in the evening. That being said, you may still be able to request a 6oz you may still be able to request a 6oz you may still be able to request a 6oz fillet minan off menu during lunch hours fillet minan off menu during lunch hours fillet minan off menu during lunch hours like we've been able to do in the past. like we've been able to do in the past. like we've been able to do in the past. It's not necessarily a guarantee that It's not necessarily a guarantee that It's not necessarily a guarantee that your server is going to be able to do your server is going to be able to do your server is going to be able to do that, [music] but you can always check. that, [music] but you can always check. that, [music] but you can always check. Okay. Is this the cheapest family style Okay. Is this the cheapest family style Okay. Is this the cheapest family style restaurant you're going to find on restaurant you're going to find on restaurant you're going to find on property? No. But Acer's Royal Banquet property? No. But Acer's Royal Banquet property? No. But Acer's Royal Banquet Hall in Epcot is a cheaper option if Hall in Epcot is a cheaper option if Hall in Epcot is a cheaper option if you're looking for a similar royal style you're looking for a similar royal style you're looking for a similar royal style character dining experience that's on character dining experience that's on character dining experience that's on par with Cinderella's Royal Table in par with Cinderella's Royal Table in par with Cinderella's Royal Table in Magic Kingdom for a ton less money. Magic Kingdom for a ton less money. Magic Kingdom for a ton less money. Acres is set in, as the name of the Acres is set in, as the name of the Acres is set in, as the name of the restaurant suggests, a royal banquet restaurant suggests, a royal banquet restaurant suggests, a royal banquet hall. So, it's fitting that you'll meet hall. So, it's fitting that you'll meet hall. So, it's fitting that you'll meet princesses that could include Snow White princesses that could include Snow White princesses that could include Snow White and Belle, Sleeping Beauty, Tiana, and Belle, Sleeping Beauty, Tiana, and Belle, Sleeping Beauty, Tiana, sometimes even Cindy's there, Ariel, or sometimes even Cindy's there, Ariel, or sometimes even Cindy's there, Ariel, or any other visiting Disney royal gal who any other visiting Disney royal gal who any other visiting Disney royal gal who decides to stop by that day. This place decides to stop by that day. This place decides to stop by that day. This place serves up a Norwegian inspired spread of serves up a Norwegian inspired spread of serves up a Norwegian inspired spread of food for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, food for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, food for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, like the chicken with apple and fennel like the chicken with apple and fennel like the chicken with apple and fennel preserves, the seared salmon, the preserves, the seared salmon, the preserves, the seared salmon, the Norwegian meatballs, and more. Now, Norwegian meatballs, and more. Now, Norwegian meatballs, and more. Now, while you're not going to be dining while you're not going to be dining while you're not going to be dining inside Cinderella Castle like you will inside Cinderella Castle like you will inside Cinderella Castle like you will be at Cinderella's Royal Table, you're be at Cinderella's Royal Table, you're be at Cinderella's Royal Table, you're still getting the same sort of princess still getting the same sort of princess still getting the same sort of princess meet and greets inside a regal setting. meet and greets inside a regal setting. meet and greets inside a regal setting. And the fact that it's cheaper to eat And the fact that it's cheaper to eat And the fact that it's cheaper to eat here, plus reservations are way easier here, plus reservations are way easier here, plus reservations are way easier to make sure doesn't hurt the case to make sure doesn't hurt the case to make sure doesn't hurt the case either. [music] either. [music] either. [music] When you dine at Cinderella's Royal When you dine at Cinderella's Royal When you dine at Cinderella's Royal Table, expect to pay $76 per adult for Table, expect to pay $76 per adult for Table, expect to pay $76 per adult for breakfast and $89 per adult for lunch breakfast and $89 per adult for lunch breakfast and $89 per adult for lunch and dinner. That's not even for a family and dinner. That's not even for a family and dinner. That's not even for a family style all you care to enjoy meal like style all you care to enjoy meal like style all you care to enjoy meal like Aceruse offers up. That's for a prefixed Aceruse offers up. That's for a prefixed Aceruse offers up. That's for a prefixed meal that'll give you one app, one meal that'll give you one app, one meal that'll give you one app, one entree, and one dessert only. Meanwhile, entree, and one dessert only. Meanwhile, entree, and one dessert only. Meanwhile, Acer shoes cost $62 per adult for Acer shoes cost $62 per adult for Acer shoes cost $62 per adult for breakfast and $69 for lunch and dinner. breakfast and $69 for lunch and dinner. breakfast and $69 for lunch and dinner. And that's still pretty pricey, but you And that's still pretty pricey, but you And that's still pretty pricey, but you can even get lunch and dinner here for can even get lunch and dinner here for can even get lunch and dinner here for cheaper than you'll pay for Cinderella's cheaper than you'll pay for Cinderella's cheaper than you'll pay for Cinderella's Royal Table Breakfast, and it's all you Royal Table Breakfast, and it's all you Royal Table Breakfast, and it's all you can eat. So, if meeting a lot of can eat. So, if meeting a lot of can eat. So, if meeting a lot of princesses all at once during your meal princesses all at once during your meal princesses all at once during your meal is a big priority for you and your is a big priority for you and your is a big priority for you and your group, Aeruse is a better value. [music] group, Aeruse is a better value. [music] group, Aeruse is a better value. [music] As long as you're cool with skipping the As long as you're cool with skipping the As long as you're cool with skipping the classic castle setting, you're still in classic castle setting, you're still in classic castle setting, you're still in a castle here. It's just a smaller a castle here. It's just a smaller a castle here. It's just a smaller castle. Sebastian's Beastro has gone castle. Sebastian's Beastro has gone castle. Sebastian's Beastro has gone from being a skippable table service to from being a skippable table service to from being a skippable table service to developing quite a cult following developing quite a cult following developing quite a cult following because this restaurant in Caribbean because this restaurant in Caribbean because this restaurant in Caribbean Beach Resort is where you're going to Beach Resort is where you're going to Beach Resort is where you're going to find one of the most affordable find one of the most affordable find one of the most affordable family-style restaurants where the family-style restaurants where the family-style restaurants where the endless eats are brought directly to endless eats are brought directly to endless eats are brought directly to your table and it's only $39 per adult. your table and it's only $39 per adult. your table and it's only $39 per adult. Just for comparison, let's talk about a Just for comparison, let's talk about a Just for comparison, let's talk about a couple of the other family style couple of the other family style couple of the other family style restaurants that push past that $40 restaurants that push past that $40 restaurants that push past that $40 threshold. Liberty Tree Tavern in Magic threshold. Liberty Tree Tavern in Magic threshold. Liberty Tree Tavern in Magic Kingdom is 45. Roundup Rodeo Barbecue in Kingdom is 45. Roundup Rodeo Barbecue in Kingdom is 45. Roundup Rodeo Barbecue in Hollywood Studios is 49. And ohana at Hollywood Studios is 49. And ohana at Hollywood Studios is 49. And ohana at Polynesian Village Resort is [music] 67 Polynesian Village Resort is [music] 67 Polynesian Village Resort is [music] 67 per adult. Sebastian's Beastro is per adult. Sebastian's Beastro is per adult. Sebastian's Beastro is Caribbean themed, but it's not like Caribbean themed, but it's not like Caribbean themed, but it's not like in-your-face over-the-top tropical, in-your-face over-the-top tropical, in-your-face over-the-top tropical, which isn't necessarily a good nor a bad which isn't necessarily a good nor a bad which isn't necessarily a good nor a bad thing, just something to consider in thing, just something to consider in thing, just something to consider in general. The food served at your table general. The food served at your table general. The food served at your table will give you a taste of the Caribbean will give you a taste of the Caribbean will give you a taste of the Caribbean with a spice necklace salad, various with a spice necklace salad, various with a spice necklace salad, various sides, entre like oven roasted chicken sides, entre like oven roasted chicken sides, entre like oven roasted chicken and tamarind barbecue, slowcooked mojo and tamarind barbecue, slowcooked mojo and tamarind barbecue, slowcooked mojo pork with mango sambal, chili rub beef pork with mango sambal, chili rub beef pork with mango sambal, chili rub beef with roasted red pepper chimmy chur, with roasted red pepper chimmy chur, with roasted red pepper chimmy chur, baked fish with citrus butter, and as baked fish with citrus butter, and as baked fish with citrus butter, and as the creme de la creme for the whole the creme de la creme for the whole the creme de la creme for the whole thing, you'll end your meal with the thing, you'll end your meal with the thing, you'll end your meal with the house-made coconut pineapple bread house-made coconut pineapple bread house-made coconut pineapple bread pudding for dessert. No, we already love pudding for dessert. No, we already love pudding for dessert. No, we already love the coconut pineapple bread pudding at the coconut pineapple bread pudding at the coconut pineapple bread pudding at Ohana, so it's nice to know that we can Ohana, so it's nice to know that we can Ohana, so it's nice to know that we can get pretty much the exact same dessert. get pretty much the exact same dessert. get pretty much the exact same dessert. It was even developed by the same chef It was even developed by the same chef It was even developed by the same chef with a family style meal for way less with a family style meal for way less with a family style meal for way less over here at Sebie's [music] place. And over here at Sebie's [music] place. And over here at Sebie's [music] place. And for those of you who have families with for those of you who have families with for those of you who have families with diets that focus around plant-based diets that focus around plant-based diets that focus around plant-based offerings, just note that any of these offerings, just note that any of these offerings, just note that any of these Disney World restaurants with family Disney World restaurants with family Disney World restaurants with family style options also have a plant-based style options also have a plant-based style options also have a plant-based alternative. And that goes for alternative. And that goes for alternative. And that goes for Sebastian's Beastro, too. So, you don't Sebastian's Beastro, too. So, you don't Sebastian's Beastro, too. So, you don't have to be left out of these sort of have to be left out of these sort of have to be left out of these sort of table service value opportunities just table service value opportunities just table service value opportunities just because your dining style looks a little because your dining style looks a little because your dining style looks a little different than someone else's. Now, if different than someone else's. Now, if different than someone else's. Now, if you're looking for the cheapest sit-down you're looking for the cheapest sit-down you're looking for the cheapest sit-down meal in Magic Kingdom, you aren't going meal in Magic Kingdom, you aren't going meal in Magic Kingdom, you aren't going to find it in Fantasy Land or Liberty to find it in Fantasy Land or Liberty to find it in Fantasy Land or Liberty Square. Where you will find it is Square. Where you will find it is Square. Where you will find it is towards the end of Main Street, USA over towards the end of Main Street, USA over towards the end of Main Street, USA over at the Plaza Restaurant. The Plaza at the Plaza Restaurant. The Plaza at the Plaza Restaurant. The Plaza serves up American classics and also serves up American classics and also serves up American classics and also serves up stunning views of Cinderella serves up stunning views of Cinderella serves up stunning views of Cinderella Castle. And if you want to know just how Castle. And if you want to know just how Castle. And if you want to know just how budget friendly this spot can be, our budget friendly this spot can be, our budget friendly this spot can be, our DFB reporters did a little experiment DFB reporters did a little experiment DFB reporters did a little experiment here just to see if they could do a full here just to see if they could do a full here just to see if they could do a full meal for under $40. We're not talking meal for under $40. We're not talking meal for under $40. We're not talking about just the entree either. We're about just the entree either. We're about just the entree either. We're talking appetizer, entree, and dessert. talking appetizer, entree, and dessert. talking appetizer, entree, and dessert. And you know what? They were able to And you know what? They were able to And you know what? They were able to pull it off. Let me show you how. To pull it off. Let me show you how. To pull it off. Let me show you how. To start off your meal, they ordered the start off your meal, they ordered the start off your meal, they ordered the daily soup for 10 bucks. You can also daily soup for 10 bucks. You can also daily soup for 10 bucks. You can also order the house salad for the same price order the house salad for the same price order the house salad for the same price if you'd prefer. For the main entree, if you'd prefer. For the main entree, if you'd prefer. For the main entree, they ordered the triple decker turkey they ordered the triple decker turkey they ordered the triple decker turkey club sandwich for $21, which came with club sandwich for $21, which came with club sandwich for $21, which came with smoked turkey, candied bacon, lettuce, smoked turkey, candied bacon, lettuce, smoked turkey, candied bacon, lettuce, tomato, and lemon pepper mayo on tomato, and lemon pepper mayo on tomato, and lemon pepper mayo on sourdough toast, and serve with a side sourdough toast, and serve with a side sourdough toast, and serve with a side of fries. It's very important to note of fries. It's very important to note of fries. It's very important to note that all the entre here tend to range in that all the entre here tend to range in that all the entre here tend to range in the 21 to $27 price point. You might the 21 to $27 price point. You might the 21 to $27 price point. You might even find some limited time option for even find some limited time option for even find some limited time option for cheaper on occasion, too, which is cheaper on occasion, too, which is cheaper on occasion, too, which is bonkers for a table service restaurant bonkers for a table service restaurant bonkers for a table service restaurant in a theme park, especially in Magic in a theme park, especially in Magic in a theme park, especially in Magic Kingdom. Now for dessert, they got the Kingdom. Now for dessert, they got the Kingdom. Now for dessert, they got the Plaza restaurant sundae made with ice Plaza restaurant sundae made with ice Plaza restaurant sundae made with ice cream of your choice, hot fudge, cream of your choice, hot fudge, cream of your choice, hot fudge, strawberry sauce, crushed pineapple, strawberry sauce, crushed pineapple, strawberry sauce, crushed pineapple, chopped nuts, whipped cream, and a chopped nuts, whipped cream, and a chopped nuts, whipped cream, and a cherry on top. All for $8.25, which cherry on top. All for $8.25, which cherry on top. All for $8.25, which brings us to the grand total before tax brings us to the grand total before tax brings us to the grand total before tax and tip to $39.25 in the Magic Kingdom and tip to $39.25 in the Magic Kingdom and tip to $39.25 in the Magic Kingdom at a sit-down restaurant. In the Disney at a sit-down restaurant. In the Disney at a sit-down restaurant. In the Disney World scene, that price tag is World scene, that price tag is World scene, that price tag is incredibly difficult to beat. Now, I'm incredibly difficult to beat. Now, I'm incredibly difficult to beat. Now, I'm cheating a little bit with this one, but cheating a little bit with this one, but cheating a little bit with this one, but I don't think you'll mind too much. So, I don't think you'll mind too much. So, I don't think you'll mind too much. So, instead of giving you just one instead of giving you just one instead of giving you just one restaurant with good happy hours, I'm restaurant with good happy hours, I'm restaurant with good happy hours, I'm going to give you my top three that have going to give you my top three that have going to give you my top three that have the best drink and food deals at select the best drink and food deals at select the best drink and food deals at select times of the day. Best deal number one, times of the day. Best deal number one, times of the day. Best deal number one, shockingly, STK Orlando. Now, STK is not shockingly, STK Orlando. Now, STK is not shockingly, STK Orlando. Now, STK is not a good deal most of the time. Their a good deal most of the time. Their a good deal most of the time. Their regular menu prices are very high, but regular menu prices are very high, but regular menu prices are very high, but STK's happy hour menu is available STK's happy hour menu is available STK's happy hour menu is available Monday through Friday from 3:00 p.m. to Monday through Friday from 3:00 p.m. to Monday through Friday from 3:00 p.m. to also offers a late night happy hour also offers a late night happy hour also offers a late night happy hour Sunday through Thursday from 10:00 p.m. Sunday through Thursday from 10:00 p.m. Sunday through Thursday from 10:00 p.m. to close. Now, during these happy hour/ to close. Now, during these happy hour/ to close. Now, during these happy hour/ late night times, you can get $3, $6, late night times, you can get $3, $6, late night times, you can get $3, $6, and $9 eats and drinks. And if you know and $9 eats and drinks. And if you know and $9 eats and drinks. And if you know anything about STK Orlando, these deals anything about STK Orlando, these deals anything about STK Orlando, these deals are unreal. Think about it [music] this are unreal. Think about it [music] this are unreal. Think about it [music] this way. If you're using the Disney dining way. If you're using the Disney dining way. If you're using the Disney dining plan, this restaurant typically takes plan, this restaurant typically takes plan, this restaurant typically takes two table service credits to eat in. And two table service credits to eat in. And two table service credits to eat in. And the value of table service credits tends the value of table service credits tends the value of table service credits tends to be $65 per credit. So, you're to be $65 per credit. So, you're to be $65 per credit. So, you're literally taking a restaurant that's literally taking a restaurant that's literally taking a restaurant that's otherwise and eating a few bites here otherwise and eating a few bites here otherwise and eating a few bites here for maybe under 20 bucks out of pocket for maybe under 20 bucks out of pocket for maybe under 20 bucks out of pocket depending on what you order. That's depending on what you order. That's depending on what you order. That's wild, but a good wild. Best deal number wild, but a good wild. Best deal number wild, but a good wild. Best deal number two, Summerhouse on the Lake. two, Summerhouse on the Lake. two, Summerhouse on the Lake. Summerhouse on the Lake has a martini Summerhouse on the Lake has a martini Summerhouse on the Lake has a martini hour that takes place Monday to Friday hour that takes place Monday to Friday hour that takes place Monday to Friday from 3 to 6:00 [music] p.m. in the bar from 3 to 6:00 [music] p.m. in the bar from 3 to 6:00 [music] p.m. in the bar area. There are three different martinis area. There are three different martinis area. There are three different martinis you can get on the menu, all for $10 you can get on the menu, all for $10 you can get on the menu, all for $10 each. The classic, an espresso martini, each. The classic, an espresso martini, each. The classic, an espresso martini, and a Finn Collins. But even if you're and a Finn Collins. But even if you're and a Finn Collins. But even if you're not into martinis, there's also a great not into martinis, there's also a great not into martinis, there's also a great deal on red, white, and rosé wine, deal on red, white, and rosé wine, deal on red, white, and rosé wine, around [music] five bucks a glass, as around [music] five bucks a glass, as around [music] five bucks a glass, as well as a rotating beer discount, which well as a rotating beer discount, which well as a rotating beer discount, which is $4 per glass. You think the drink is $4 per glass. You think the drink is $4 per glass. You think the drink deals are good? Wait till I tell you deals are good? Wait till I tell you deals are good? Wait till I tell you about the food deals. The bottomless about the food deals. The bottomless about the food deals. The bottomless truffle fries are $10, but they're truffle fries are $10, but they're truffle fries are $10, but they're bottomless, meaning you can fill up on bottomless, meaning you can fill up on bottomless, meaning you can fill up on them again and again without having to them again and again without having to them again and again without having to pay another $10 each time you need a pay another $10 each time you need a pay another $10 each time you need a refill. And the aioli comes as well. And refill. And the aioli comes as well. And refill. And the aioli comes as well. And the lobby cut tavern style pizza here is the lobby cut tavern style pizza here is the lobby cut tavern style pizza here is folks, for a pizza that can feed two to folks, for a pizza that can feed two to folks, for a pizza that can feed two to four people. That's even better than the four people. That's even better than the four people. That's even better than the value resort food court pizza, both in value resort food court pizza, both in value resort food court pizza, both in price and food quality. And summer price and food quality. And summer price and food quality. And summer houses will give you way more artisan houses will give you way more artisan houses will give you way more artisan feel to it. Can't beat that. Best deal feel to it. Can't beat that. Best deal feel to it. Can't beat that. Best deal number three, Cityworks Eery and Pore number three, Cityworks Eery and Pore number three, Cityworks Eery and Pore House. Now, check this out. On Monday to House. Now, check this out. On Monday to House. Now, check this out. On Monday to Friday from 3:00 to 5:00 p.m., you can Friday from 3:00 to 5:00 p.m., you can Friday from 3:00 to 5:00 p.m., you can get a full meal at CityWorks for cheaper get a full meal at CityWorks for cheaper get a full meal at CityWorks for cheaper than most quick services. Not joking. than most quick services. Not joking. than most quick services. Not joking. This is called the Sliders and Suds This is called the Sliders and Suds This is called the Sliders and Suds combo. For just $13.95, you'll get two combo. For just $13.95, you'll get two combo. For just $13.95, you'll get two sliders with cheddar, candied bacon, sliders with cheddar, candied bacon, sliders with cheddar, candied bacon, iceberg lettuce, tomato, and red onion, iceberg lettuce, tomato, and red onion, iceberg lettuce, tomato, and red onion, a side of crispy fries, and a 14oz beer a side of crispy fries, and a 14oz beer a side of crispy fries, and a 14oz beer of your choice. Okay, it's all the of your choice. Okay, it's all the of your choice. Okay, it's all the standard beer that's part of this deal, standard beer that's part of this deal, standard beer that's part of this deal, not the craft beers. But still, $14 for not the craft beers. But still, $14 for not the craft beers. But still, $14 for all of that. Holy smokes, McDonald's all of that. Holy smokes, McDonald's all of that. Holy smokes, McDonald's can't even. Now, along with the sliders can't even. Now, along with the sliders can't even. Now, along with the sliders and suds combo, happy hour will also get and suds combo, happy hour will also get and suds combo, happy hour will also get you $2 off all local drafts. The you $2 off all local drafts. The you $2 off all local drafts. The backyard flight, hard seltzers, well backyard flight, hard seltzers, well backyard flight, hard seltzers, well drinks, and wine glasses. And you'll get drinks, and wine glasses. And you'll get drinks, and wine glasses. And you'll get half price off bar bites, too, including half price off bar bites, too, including half price off bar bites, too, including those pretzel bites and cheese curds, those pretzel bites and cheese curds, those pretzel bites and cheese curds, popcorn chicken, fried pickles, kungpow popcorn chicken, fried pickles, kungpow popcorn chicken, fried pickles, kungpow cauliflower, buffalo chicken dip, and cauliflower, buffalo chicken dip, and cauliflower, buffalo chicken dip, and queso. [music] queso. [music] queso. [music] Okay, we talk about all the other happy Okay, we talk about all the other happy Okay, we talk about all the other happy hour restaurants in our DFB guide to hour restaurants in our DFB guide to hour restaurants in our DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining, which you can Walt Disney World dining, which you can Walt Disney World dining, which you can find over at dfbstore.com. find over at dfbstore.com. find over at dfbstore.com. And yes, this is a very proud moment for And yes, this is a very proud moment for And yes, this is a very proud moment for me because I think this is one of the me because I think this is one of the me because I think this is one of the best, [music] best, best compilations of best, [music] best, best compilations of best, [music] best, best compilations of happy hour options in Disney World that happy hour options in Disney World that happy hour options in Disney World that you can [music] find anywhere. It might you can [music] find anywhere. It might you can [music] find anywhere. It might be the only one you can find anywhere. be the only one you can find anywhere. be the only one you can find anywhere. So, head over to dfbstore.com and pick So, head over to dfbstore.com and pick So, head over to dfbstore.com and pick up that guide. It's a money back up that guide. It's a money back up that guide. It's a money back guarantee. You're going to love it guarantee. You're going to love it guarantee. You're going to love it because the difference between the guide because the difference between the guide because the difference between the guide and our YouTube videos, there's and our YouTube videos, there's and our YouTube videos, there's literally no holding back. We deep dive literally no holding back. We deep dive literally no holding back. We deep dive into [music] every single Disney World into [music] every single Disney World into [music] every single Disney World restaurant, every Disney discount, every restaurant, every Disney discount, every restaurant, every Disney discount, every Disney dining plan detail. You name it, Disney dining plan detail. You name it, Disney dining plan detail. You name it, we cover it in the DFB guide to Walt we cover it in the DFB guide to Walt we cover it in the DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining. It's where I just Disney World dining. It's where I just Disney World dining. It's where I just let myself go absolutely berserk with let myself go absolutely berserk with let myself go absolutely berserk with information. And you can pick up your information. And you can pick up your information. And you can pick up your digital copy right now for the best digital copy right now for the best digital copy right now for the best value price by typing in savings code value price by typing in savings code value price by typing in savings code YouTube before you check out. Now, there YouTube before you check out. Now, there YouTube before you check out. Now, there are a few table services around property are a few table services around property are a few table services around property that serve up those classic diner style that serve up those classic diner style that serve up those classic diner style eats, but the cheapest of the bunch eats, but the cheapest of the bunch eats, but the cheapest of the bunch continues to be Beaches and Cream. continues to be Beaches and Cream. continues to be Beaches and Cream. Beaches and Cream has a colorful soda Beaches and Cream has a colorful soda Beaches and Cream has a colorful soda shop vibe that makes you feel like shop vibe that makes you feel like shop vibe that makes you feel like you're stepping back in time to the you're stepping back in time to the you're stepping back in time to the poodle skirts were all the rage. Now, poodle skirts were all the rage. Now, poodle skirts were all the rage. Now, there's a good variety on this beach there's a good variety on this beach there's a good variety on this beach club resort menu with sandwiches, club resort menu with sandwiches, club resort menu with sandwiches, burgers, hot dogs, whatever. And all the burgers, hot dogs, whatever. And all the burgers, hot dogs, whatever. And all the entre available are under $25. Similar entre available are under $25. Similar entre available are under $25. Similar to the Plaza restaurant in Magic to the Plaza restaurant in Magic to the Plaza restaurant in Magic Kingdom, it's really easy to build a Kingdom, it's really easy to build a Kingdom, it's really easy to build a meal here without breaking the $40 meal here without breaking the $40 meal here without breaking the $40 threshold. You might even be able to threshold. You might even be able to threshold. You might even be able to keep it under 30 bucks since there's not keep it under 30 bucks since there's not keep it under 30 bucks since there's not really an appetizers portion of the menu really an appetizers portion of the menu really an appetizers portion of the menu you'll need to concern yourself with. you'll need to concern yourself with. you'll need to concern yourself with. Now, if you're at Beaches and Cream for Now, if you're at Beaches and Cream for Now, if you're at Beaches and Cream for dessert, that's a different story. Some dessert, that's a different story. Some dessert, that's a different story. Some ice cream offerings at Beaches and Cream ice cream offerings at Beaches and Cream ice cream offerings at Beaches and Cream are just as expensive, if not more are just as expensive, if not more are just as expensive, if not more expensive, than the entre themselves, expensive, than the entre themselves, expensive, than the entre themselves, since ice cream shakes and sundaes are since ice cream shakes and sundaes are since ice cream shakes and sundaes are what this restaurant is best known for. what this restaurant is best known for. what this restaurant is best known for. That being said, if you ever wanted one That being said, if you ever wanted one That being said, if you ever wanted one of those highquality ice cream options, of those highquality ice cream options, of those highquality ice cream options, minus the advanced dining reservation, minus the advanced dining reservation, minus the advanced dining reservation, Beaches and Cream does have a to- go Beaches and Cream does have a to- go Beaches and Cream does have a to- go option where you can choose from a option where you can choose from a option where you can choose from a selection of their in-house items, minus selection of their in-house items, minus selection of their in-house items, minus the whole sitdown experience. [music] the whole sitdown experience. [music] the whole sitdown experience. [music] There's even an ice cream cookie There's even an ice cream cookie There's even an ice cream cookie sandwich option here for under eight sandwich option here for under eight sandwich option here for under eight bucks, just in case you're missing the bucks, just in case you're missing the bucks, just in case you're missing the ice cream cookie sandwiches from Dino ice cream cookie sandwiches from Dino ice cream cookie sandwiches from Dino Bites Snacks and Animal Kingdom. RIP. Bites Snacks and Animal Kingdom. RIP. Bites Snacks and Animal Kingdom. RIP. Now, another diner style option that's Now, another diner style option that's Now, another diner style option that's even lesser known than Beaches and Cream even lesser known than Beaches and Cream even lesser known than Beaches and Cream and therefore less packed during the day and therefore less packed during the day and therefore less packed during the day is the Fountain over in Swan and Dolphin is the Fountain over in Swan and Dolphin is the Fountain over in Swan and Dolphin on the Dolphin side. You're going to on the Dolphin side. You're going to on the Dolphin side. You're going to find similar items and price points find similar items and price points find similar items and price points here, but many Disney guests don't here, but many Disney guests don't here, but many Disney guests don't realize this restaurant can be an option realize this restaurant can be an option realize this restaurant can be an option for them. Just because Swan and Dolphin for them. Just because Swan and Dolphin for them. Just because Swan and Dolphin isn't technically owned by Disney, it isn't technically owned by Disney, it isn't technically owned by Disney, it just partners with Disney. But Swan and just partners with Disney. But Swan and just partners with Disney. But Swan and Dolphin is a hop, skip, and a jump away Dolphin is a hop, skip, and a jump away Dolphin is a hop, skip, and a jump away from Hollywood Studios and Epcot like from Hollywood Studios and Epcot like from Hollywood Studios and Epcot like Beaches and Cream. So, for anyone who Beaches and Cream. So, for anyone who Beaches and Cream. So, for anyone who wants a cheaper sit-down meal outside of wants a cheaper sit-down meal outside of wants a cheaper sit-down meal outside of the theme park hustle and bustle, both the theme park hustle and bustle, both the theme park hustle and bustle, both Beaches and Cream and the Fountain might Beaches and Cream and the Fountain might Beaches and Cream and the Fountain might be just what you're looking for. For be just what you're looking for. For be just what you're looking for. For some, Vianapoli and Epcot might be a some, Vianapoli and Epcot might be a some, Vianapoli and Epcot might be a controversial choice to put on the best controversial choice to put on the best controversial choice to put on the best value table service options list since value table service options list since value table service options list since it tends to have the priciest pizzas on it tends to have the priciest pizzas on it tends to have the priciest pizzas on property. But hear me out on this. property. But hear me out on this. property. But hear me out on this. Vianapoli has some of the best quality Vianapoli has some of the best quality Vianapoli has some of the best quality pizzas in Disney World. So, when you're pizzas in Disney World. So, when you're pizzas in Disney World. So, when you're paying for a pizza, you're not paying paying for a pizza, you're not paying paying for a pizza, you're not paying for a basic cheese and pepperoni like for a basic cheese and pepperoni like for a basic cheese and pepperoni like you get from your local Pizza Hut. you get from your local Pizza Hut. you get from your local Pizza Hut. you're paying for a wood-fired artisan you're paying for a wood-fired artisan you're paying for a wood-fired artisan specialty pizza like the carcioe or the specialty pizza like the carcioe or the specialty pizza like the carcioe or the pushcido emalone, the quattro from pushcido emalone, the quattro from pushcido emalone, the quattro from several other standout options, too. several other standout options, too. several other standout options, too. Now, there are three different pizza Now, there are three different pizza Now, there are three different pizza sizes you can choose from here. There's sizes you can choose from here. There's sizes you can choose from here. There's the personal, the large, and the methro. the personal, the large, and the methro. the personal, the large, and the methro. Metsomero pizzas are pricey. These big Metsomero pizzas are pricey. These big Metsomero pizzas are pricey. These big boys are going to cost you between $50 boys are going to cost you between $50 boys are going to cost you between $50 to $60 per pizza. But for that price, to $60 per pizza. But for that price, to $60 per pizza. But for that price, you're going to receive about 32 squares you're going to receive about 32 squares you're going to receive about 32 squares of pizza that according to the Disney of pizza that according to the Disney of pizza that according to the Disney website feeds between four and six website feeds between four and six website feeds between four and six adults. So if you think about it this adults. So if you think about it this adults. So if you think about it this way, 50 to 60 bucks for four to six way, 50 to 60 bucks for four to six way, 50 to 60 bucks for four to six adults means you're paying more around adults means you're paying more around adults means you're paying more around $10 to $15 per person for your whole $10 to $15 per person for your whole $10 to $15 per person for your whole group. Many times bigger groups will group. Many times bigger groups will group. Many times bigger groups will book family style restaurants or buffets book family style restaurants or buffets book family style restaurants or buffets to cater to their big parties. So, the to cater to their big parties. So, the to cater to their big parties. So, the fact that Vianapoli can cater to bigger fact that Vianapoli can cater to bigger fact that Vianapoli can cater to bigger groups without you having to pay over a groups without you having to pay over a groups without you having to pay over a hundred bucks to do so might make this hundred bucks to do so might make this hundred bucks to do so might make this artisan pizza place a much better value artisan pizza place a much better value artisan pizza place a much better value than most without sacrificing food than most without sacrificing food than most without sacrificing food quality to make it happen. Morioto Asia quality to make it happen. Morioto Asia quality to make it happen. Morioto Asia might be considered a signature might be considered a signature might be considered a signature restaurant on the Disney World scene, restaurant on the Disney World scene, restaurant on the Disney World scene, but it's a signature restaurant with a but it's a signature restaurant with a but it's a signature restaurant with a whole lot of flexibility to make sure whole lot of flexibility to make sure whole lot of flexibility to make sure anyone who wants to eat here can eat anyone who wants to eat here can eat anyone who wants to eat here can eat here without breaking the bank. Morioto here without breaking the bank. Morioto here without breaking the bank. Morioto Asia in Disney Springs has a huge menu Asia in Disney Springs has a huge menu Asia in Disney Springs has a huge menu for lunch and dinner. Many of those for lunch and dinner. Many of those for lunch and dinner. Many of those options are pricey, but many of those options are pricey, but many of those options are pricey, but many of those options are also relatively affordable, options are also relatively affordable, options are also relatively affordable, especially for a signature location. For especially for a signature location. For especially for a signature location. For example, you've got stuff like sushi example, you've got stuff like sushi example, you've got stuff like sushi rolls that range from 12 to 19. [music] rolls that range from 12 to 19. [music] rolls that range from 12 to 19. [music] Small plates and dim sum that cost Small plates and dim sum that cost Small plates and dim sum that cost between 10 and 18. Morioto spare ribs between 10 and 18. Morioto spare ribs between 10 and 18. Morioto spare ribs cheaper version of this from the Morioto cheaper version of this from the Morioto cheaper version of this from the Morioto Asia street food window outside the Asia street food window outside the Asia street food window outside the restaurant. and noodles and rice bowls restaurant. and noodles and rice bowls restaurant. and noodles and rice bowls for 20 to $36. But that's just the for 20 to $36. But that's just the for 20 to $36. But that's just the beginning. On weekends, Morimoto Asia beginning. On weekends, Morimoto Asia beginning. On weekends, Morimoto Asia has a specialty weekend brunch option has a specialty weekend brunch option has a specialty weekend brunch option with more small plates and dim sum with more small plates and dim sum with more small plates and dim sum options and fairly reasonable price options and fairly reasonable price options and fairly reasonable price points. You can find these options on points. You can find these options on points. You can find these options on Saturdays and Sundays starting at noon. Saturdays and Sundays starting at noon. Saturdays and Sundays starting at noon. And if you're using the Disney dining And if you're using the Disney dining And if you're using the Disney dining plan, dinner at Morioto Asia is usually plan, dinner at Morioto Asia is usually plan, dinner at Morioto Asia is usually a two table service credit affair, but a two table service credit affair, but a two table service credit affair, but during lunch it drops down to a one during lunch it drops down to a one during lunch it drops down to a one table service cost, meaning you could table service cost, meaning you could table service cost, meaning you could stretch your DDP dollar more at Morioto stretch your DDP dollar more at Morioto stretch your DDP dollar more at Morioto just by dining here earlier in the day. just by dining here earlier in the day. just by dining here earlier in the day. And the menu was very, very similar to And the menu was very, very similar to And the menu was very, very similar to what it is for dinner, and [music] you what it is for dinner, and [music] you what it is for dinner, and [music] you get extremely highquality food. So, get extremely highquality food. So, get extremely highquality food. So, there you have it. These are our top 10 there you have it. These are our top 10 there you have it. These are our top 10 best value table service restaurants best value table service restaurants best value table service restaurants around the Disney World scene. We wanted around the Disney World scene. We wanted around the Disney World scene. We wanted to make sure you had options here. Stuff to make sure you had options here. Stuff to make sure you had options here. Stuff for big groups, stuff for signature for big groups, stuff for signature for big groups, stuff for signature meals, etc. So, I hope you're as happy meals, etc. So, I hope you're as happy meals, etc. So, I hope you're as happy with this video as I am. I think it's with this video as I am. I think it's with this video as I am. I think it's incredibly useful. Now, if you're ready incredibly useful. Now, if you're ready incredibly useful. Now, if you're ready to find out more valuew worthy Disney to find out more valuew worthy Disney to find out more valuew worthy Disney World purchases, check out some of our World purchases, check out some of our World purchases, check out some of our other recent dollar stretching videos. other recent dollar stretching videos. other recent dollar stretching videos. Like, I spent only $40 on food at Disney Like, I spent only $40 on food at Disney Like, I spent only $40 on food at Disney World. Here's how to do it. And don't World. Here's how to do it. And don't World. Here's how to do it. And don't forget to download our free Disney World forget to download our free Disney World forget to download our free Disney World planning worksheets ASAP at planning worksheets ASAP at planning worksheets ASAP at disneyfoodblog.com/discoplans. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks Thanks for listening everyone and thanks Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for for watching. As always, this is AJ for for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Vlog and we'll see you real Disney Food Vlog and we'll see you real Disney Food Vlog and we'll see you real soon.
