---
video_id: Fmrm_XThi5I
channel: DFBGuide
title: "50 AMAZING Things You Never Knew Were In Epic Universe"
published: 2026-03-31
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fmrm_XThi5I
---
secret underwater bars, fireb breathing dragons, and bears that pilot airships. Now that we've spent more time in Epic Universe, we got a bunch more amazing things we're wanting to tell you all about in this Universal Park. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. I get absolutely giddy whenever it's time to record another Epic Universe video because this park is so awesome. and Bria and I just like geek out over it all the time. And now I get to tell you about a lot of reasons why this park is so stinking cool. From secrets to tips to state-of-the-art technology to drink recommendations. Okay, I'm already getting ahead of myself. Let's just start the video because obviously I'm eager, but hopefully you're right there along with me. Our first amazing Epic Universe reveal today is a talking portrait inside the Wizarding World of Harry Potter Ministry of Magic Ordalle, which sure, we've seen talking portraits inside other Universal Wizarding World areas before. No big deal. But this particular photo doesn't just talk at you, it talks to you. Cassandra Trilani, the great great grandmother of Professor Trilani, that's Harry Potter's divination professor. Also, the impeccable and beautiful and wonderful Emma Thompson, talks directly to you via her portrait just outside of the Goblet Noir restaurant. So, go ahead and talk back. She's not looking for a one-sided conversation, you know, and she's got friends who are also going to talk to you. By the way, today's video might be all about the amazing things you never knew were in Epic Universe, but if you don't know anything about Epic Universe and you're looking to start at square one, you can scan the QR code you see on the screen right now, or click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/epic after this, and we're going to send you our free ultimate guide to EVIC Universe, which will give you a more in-depth look into each portal and the best way to navigate all of it. Okay, what is up with immersive restaurant experiences and thunderstorms, y'all? Rainforest Cafe, Beacon Barrel, Be Our Guest Restaurant, and Toad Stool Cafe in Super Nintendo World 2. We got thunderstorms everywhere. Inside Toad Stool Cafe, you'll be able to watch the toads of Mushroom Kingdom gallivanting about, minding their own cute little business through the restaurant's digital windows. But much like Rainforest Cafe, every 15 minutes or so, the lights in the restaurant dim, and the view of Mushroom Kingdom will start to go dark, but the stormy skies don't stop here. The storm clouds are just the leadup for Bowser and his cronies, who will fly in on an airship and blast bullet bills at the toads down below. In case you're wondering, this is a very noisy restaurant, so just brace yourself for that if you plan to dine here. When it comes to drinking around Epic Universe, we've done our research through and through. We even partnered with our friends over at all.net to create a free drink around epic universe map featuring our favorite boozy and non boozy beverages and where to find them which you can download today by scanning this QR code you see on the screen or clicking on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/universal drinksmap after this. But what I want to tell you about right now is that there's one bar in particular that our team adores and barely anybody knows about it. That's the Aquaria Bar hiding inside the Atlantic Table Service Restaurant over at Celestial Park. You can find this bar right when you walk into the restaurant. But since this restaurant does require reservations if you want to eat in the main dining room area, not a lot of people realize you can just walk over to Aquaria without a reservation and either sit down for a spell or grab some tasty onthe-go drinks. Plus, it's indoors with AC, and that's truly saying something for a park where the shade is limited. Your neck is going to hurt by the time you leave the Blue Dragon table service inside Celestial Park because so many different Easter eggs for this place will be hanging right above you. Check out all those different neon sign advertisements illuminating from the walls and ceiling. Many of them advertise the other businesses across Celestial Park like Pizza Moon and Comet Dogs and the Moonship Chocolate and Celestial Sweets candy shop as well as several more restaurants and shops to make it feel like you're just a small part of a more connected city. Not every spell that you can trigger around the Ministry of Magic portal will be clearly labeled on your interactive wand map. If you look across the way from Bar Moonshine and find the open window with a pumpkin juice label across it, look down to find the spell you need to cast to trigger what's on the other side of the glass. The spell is reveio and it will require you to wave your wand to look like you're writing the letter R in the air. Once you've done that successfully, a demigu beast will appear with blue eyes all a glow. Does anyone else know the Universal lore behind Earl the Squirrel? If you don't, let me catch you up to speed. Apparently, way back when, the Universal Studios Florida team was busy decorating for the holidays when suddenly a whole string of their blue Christmas lights suddenly went kaput. Turns out a little squirrel had been doing a number on those lights. And instead of getting upset with him, Universal literally made him into a mascot for the holidays, which is why you'll sometimes see little squirrels hiding in the Christmas decor throughout the season. Over at Northstar Winintry Wonders inside Celestial Park, Earl makes more regular appearances since this place features Christmas good tidings and cheer all year long. To find our bushy tailed buddy, look up at the moving conveyor belt near the ceiling. Every now and then, there's a little stuffed squirrel. Hi, Earl. He'll pop up and then drop down into his candy cane stripe tube system. After Earl drops down, check out the virtual window on the right hand side of the shop, which will be more at eye level with you. And there goes Earl dropping right down into Santa's sleigh. They don't call this dark universe for nothing. Near the portal entry and in the graveyard, you'll see a statue of a little girl. This is in reference to the girl Little Maria that Frankenstein's monster befriends in Mary Shel's classic novel. Now, I'm not going to give too many details about what happens to her in the book, not necessarily because of spoilers, but because it's pretty dark. But since this statue is supposed to represent Little Maria's grave, you can probably fill in some of those blanks yourself. When you choose an animal to ride on Constellation Carousel inside Celestial Park, you're not just choosing any animal. You're choosing to ride a constellation itself. Notice the light patterns on the side of each creature. These represent actual star constellations you can find in the night sky, like Leapus, the bunny constellation, Leo, the lion constellation, Draco, the dragon constellation, and several others. This secret is almost impossible to see unless you've got a really good camera with a really good zoom lens. In the How to Train Your Dragon franchise, Gothy is a village elder and healer who doesn't have a whole lot of screen time, but she's definitely one of the most respected citizens in Burke because of her all- knowing ways. And apparently, she's keeping an eye on things over in Epic Universe, too. Gothy spends her days inside the aisle of Burke, perched at the highest mountain point inside the portal, which is why you're going to need your own flying dragon if you're going to see her clearly. Every time there's a power surge that happens around Monsters Unchained, the Frankenstein experiment castle inside Dark Universe, it looks like how the minor chords of an organ sound, if that makes any sense. You'll be able to see these power surges around the castle best once the sun sets. So, even if you've already thoroughly explored the Dark Universe Portal during the day, you definitely want to come back to this area for the atmospheric lighting at night. When you purchase a powerup band, you're definitely leveling up your day around Super Nintendo World by unlocking a lot of new games and interactive touch points and virtual collections, like stamp collections, for instance. Stamps are basically like video game achievements. You unlock new ones by accomplishing new tasks or reaching certain milestones inside the portal. And each new stamp will also give you a certain amount of gold digital coins to help you unlock even more things around the portal, as well as help you rise through the ranks on the Super Nintendo leaderboards. There are hundreds of stamps you can potentially collect. Some you can collect multiple times. Some are a one-time only, and then there are the ones that you can only collect during specific times of year. Here are a few examples for you. The winter wonderland stamp can be collected if you visit between December 1st and February 29th. The spring break stamp can be collected between March 1st and May 31st. The summer fun stamp is for guests who pop in between June 1st and August 31st. And the Halloween treat stamp is available throughout the month of October. When you're in the woods area of Dark Universe, leading up to the Curse of the Werewolf coaster, look down. The footprints on the ground start as human footprints and then transform into wolf prints the closer you get to the ride, cuz it looks like someone's been cursed. The benches around Isle of Burke. I love these. They are so cute. One of my favorite favorite Easter eggs in the land. They're handcarved, colorful, and each one is shaped like a different dragon. There's also a fun backstory behind these dudes. These benches were inspired by a piece of DreamWorks concept art from the How to Train Your Dragon film franchise, where Astrid was sitting on a dragon bench very similar to what you see around here. While the scene itself never made it into the film, the benches were still brought to life by Universal Creative, and the rest is history. Dark Universe is a place where your keen eesdropping skills are going to finally pay off. Every 30 minutes under the Jackal apothecary, a rather intense conversation starts up from the vents, giving you the chance to listen in on an argument between Jackal and Hyde mid transformation. I'm not done talking about Jackal and Hyde yet, though. Dr. Jackekal's a smart dude, and he knows that you're listening in on his argument with his much darker self. So towards the end of this audio, you'll finally hear him talk back to the person listening in on him. But he's not scolding you for eavesdropping. He's giving you instructions. Jackal tells you that if you're suffering from similar split personality afflictions, then you need to head to the burning windmill so that they can help you. The Burning Blade Tavern, that is. Now, when the park first opened, this cure that Jackal was telling you about didn't actually exist. But now it does. Jackal's remedy as well as Hyde's reagent can now be ordered at the Burning Blade Tavern. And if you don't see them on the menu, well, ask about them anyways, cuz they might be hiding. These are alcoholic shots served in souvenir test tubes. And while they look cool, they do taste like medicine. Then again, maybe that's the point. Epic Universe has two Starbucks locations. The first you're going to find on your right hand side shortly after you enter the park, and this one's going to be the one that sees the biggest crowds all day long. But if you keep going deeper into Celestial Park, you'll find the second Starbucks across from the Oaken Star Tavern, which tends to be a lot less busy. And back into Dark Universe we go, we cannot stay away from this place. Once you walk through the Dark Universe portal, you're going to see this water well statement piece. But it's not just making one statement, it's making a whole bunch. First, notice the contraption above that's dipping itself into the well's opening. This is made as an extra layer of protection, not to keep humans out of the well, but to keep whoever or whatever lurks underground from coming up. And remember what I said about coming back to Dark Universe after the sun sets. If you do, then this well that looked innocent enough during the day will be glowing red at night to represent the creatures feasting down below. One more thing about that eerie Dark Universe well. According to Dark Universe lore, this well was supposed to serve as a truce between the citizens of Darkmore and the vampires. The agreement, the vampires would keep their distance, just as long as the citizens give them a little something to satiate their bloodthirsty cravings every once in a while. Notice that the outer rim around the wells opening has a Latin inscription. When this sentence is translated into English, it serves as a chilling reminder from the vampires as to why the citizens of Darkmore continue to uphold their end of the deal. Never forget that you exist by our will alone. And now we're taking a 180. From man-eating monsters to colorful petite cakes, Kamel, get it, caramel, is the Ministry of Magic's confectionary shop that really sets itself apart from other confectionaries with its over-the-top petite cakes. The Kamel Petite Gateau made with blackberry and lavender has that pink puffy look about it that's almost reminiscent of Dolores Umbridge though I'm going to try not to think too much about that. The Bobbiton petite gateau with blueberry and lemon uses a shiny powder blue mirror glaze and butterfly accents to make it look like a Bobbiton school uniform. And the tiramisu flavored Ministry of Magic Petite Gateau is going to get you ready for another day at the Ministry office. Magic governing sweets and all. My inner soda goblin won't allow me to shut up about the fun exclusive sodas that Epic Universe holds inside three of their five portals. Why not five? Epic Universe, what's going on? Anyway, at Celestial Park, you'll find the Celestial Spritz at places like Oakenstar Tavern and Pizza Moon. The Spritz is a tart serum based drink with cherry and orange flavors. At Isisle of Burke, you'll find Dragon Splash at places like me Hall and Spitfire Grill. This one's made with Minuteade Lime, Fanta Lime, and Mellow Yellow. But my personal favorite is the one at Dark Universe that I found at Doss Steakhouse called the Screaming Berry, which is made with Fanta Cherry, Fanta Fruit Punch, and additional grape and vanilla flavors. And before you ask, yes, since these specialty flavors can be found at the Coca-Cola Freestyle machines, they're all compatible with Epic Universe's refillable mugs. Now, there are no specialty freestyle sodas in Super Nintendo World or Ministry of Magic, so don't bother trying to track those down. Not even Paris wizards are allowed to drink normal muggle soda. Apparently, dragons aren't the only important creatures roaming around Burke. Remember, Burke was depicted in the How to Train Your Dragon films as a place that, and I quote, is a few degrees south from freezing to death. So, sheep wool is very important to make sure the Vikings can stay as warm and toasty as possible. So, don't get completely distracted by all the dragons and overlook the sheep entirely. They've got some funny personalities you're not going to want to miss. And some have white wool and some have black. Some are being loaded up into sheep launchers for dragon training exercises. Bless their souls. And some are even sporting armored dragon costumes. They are so cute and you can buy a plush of it in the merchandise locations, which I I dare you not to because they are so cute. This park to park connection actually has me excited. I love worldbuing details like this. According to the Universal website, the Celestiki Bar inside Celestial Park has a tropical backstory. Apparently, this place is owned by Hanuki, a celestian who hails from a little place you might have heard of, Universal Volcano Bay. As it turns out, Coupe was guided by the magical fish Konuku, who eventually led her to a portal that transported her into Celestial Park. Hannah fell head over heels for this place and decided to open a bar that reminded her of her Volcano Bay home. But low, the connections continue. Celis Tiki also sells the Volcano Bay rum punch, something that used to be exclusive to the Kuku boat bar in, you guessed it, Volcano Bay. When you're in the How to Train Your Dragon aisle of Burke portal, you're going to see dragons. Lots and lots and lots of dragons, as it should be. Some blow ice, some fight over fish, some blow heat, and dry you off after a ride on Fire Drill. But there's also a rather sleepy looking dragon here that can get overlooked because folks don't realize how cool he actually is. Meet Gobbler's dragon, Grump, who spends his days lying around the forge just being his lazy self. However, every now and then, Grump likes to show off a little and blow fire to help light the forge. Typically, Grump likes to catch up on his beauty rest, but if gobblers around to visit him, that's your best bet of seeing Grump set the forge ablaze. So have your camera out and ready just in case he decides to wake up long enough to be useful. If you're able to see any of these dragons during your time in Burke, consider yourself blessed. The first round up of rare dragons are the absolutely adorable baby nightlights. There's Ruffrunner, who's black with white paws, Dart, who's black on the top and white on her tummy, and Pouncer, who's completely white through and through. Unfortunately, there are no set times that the nightlights come out and interact with folks. But if you see a group start to gather next to the toothless meet and greet, then you'll know you need to hurry on over to say hello to these time jumping cuties. Also, be sure to ask a Universal team member and maybe they'll have the details of timing for you. Even rarer than the nightlights, though, are the honest to goodness flying dragons. Now, Universal teased these a lot as they were building Epic Universe. We haven't really seen that come to fruition. I think there have been maybe one or two flying dragons out there from time to time, but they're very, very rare. That said, if you see one overhead when you are in Isle of Burke, please send me a video. Not to like give you yet another point all about Isisle of Burk's dragons or anything, but you know that ice breathing dragon I mentioned before? That dude is a snow wraith, and you can actually get snow wraith ices over at the nearby Spitfire Grill, compliments of the cool weather dragon himself. But there's more. This non-alcoholic pina colada and blue raspberry icy also comes with a coloranging straw that turns purple when you drink. Okay, now after all this dragon talk, you probably realize as much as I do that we need our own dragons, right? One you can take home instead of wishing it could go home with you. When you head into the Toothless Treasures gift shop, you'll find a wall of dragon eggs. If you're ready to be a baby dragon parent, go ahead and choose one of the eggs and then take it up to the counter where you'll check out and wait for the adoption ceremony to begin. There, a fellow Viking will help you hatch your dragon egg after you pledge to take care of it, cuz duh, of course you will. And after your dragon hatches, its little eggshells turn into a carrying case for your new friend. Very cute. Apparently, colorchanging purple things are kind of a big deal in Epic Universe, cuz you got another coloranging purple drink opportunity in Ministry of Magic. If you want a fun, kid-friendly, non-alcoholic elixir of sorts, the Aami Tea over at the Bar Moonshine is a fun, very sweet mocktail choice. This is a cooling blue refresher served with a magical tea bag that transforms to a glittering purple when it's all mixed together. Yes. Hello. Hi. If you see me taking pictures of the bathroom signs, don't judge me because I know you not so secretly will want to, too. Epic Universe has thought of everything, which is why the bathroom signs in each portal are themed, too. Look, we got a little Viking people on the bathroom signs in Aisle of Burke, little witches and wizards on the signs for Ministry of Magic, Frankenstein and the Bride of Frankenstein in Dark Universe, and well, Super Nintendo World doesn't have quite the same kind of signs, but they do have that underwater theming and soundtrack inside the restrooms, which is so much fun. No, I'm being so for real. Epic Universe really has thought of everything because it's not just the bathroom signs that are themed. It's the manhole covers throughout each portal, too. So, look down to find some of the most artistic manhole covers you've possibly ever seen that blend in seamlessly within the lands they occupy. The streetphere around Dark Universe is fascinating. Between monster hunters attempting to protect the cobblestone streets, the invisible man and his sassy attitude, and Igor with his various severed limbs, these folks are going to expand your surface level knowledge of Darkmore in some majorly immersive ways. But let's not overlook the violinist of Darkmore, who tells stories not just through conversations, but through music. Throughout the day, the violinist can be seen typically performing on the elevated patio in front of Berggo Master's office, revealing more about the chilling lore surrounding Darkmore, complete with lots of minor cords. Frankenstein's monster and the bride of Frankenstein also like to hang out in Dark Universe, but they're just a little less out in the open about it. Can't say I blame them. There's monster hunters on the loose, you know. While they're a pretty popular dynamic monster duo, if you're not careful, you'll miss their meet and greet location completely, mistaking it for a line for the bathroom or just leading to absolutely nowhere. I don't know, stranger things have happened in Darkmore. Whenever they decide to rear their bolted heads, though, you can find Frankenstein and his not so blushing bride in a tuckedway al cove close to the restrooms and do steakhouse. Various Emporia features a celestial shopping strip with stores like the Sensorium Emporium, the flagship Epic Universe gift shop, the Northstar Winry Wonders, where we found Earl the Squirrel earlier, and my personal favorite of the bunch, Moonship Chocolates and Celestial Suites, the confectionary of Celestial Park, which has a whole story all its own, but we'll come back around to this one later on. These Celestial Park shops tend to stay open an hour after the rest of the park closes up for the day. So, these might be better to hit up at night before you're about to head back to the hotel just to give you some more time in Epic Universe. That said, that last hour, they're going to be pretty crowded cuz everybody else is going to be heading them up, too. So, just be aware of that. The time that these shops are going to be the most empty is going to be first thing in the morning. Our friends over at Allers like to call the bulk of restaurants around Epic Universe Quable Services. A combo of both quick and table services, which I think hits the nail on the head pretty well. So, what does a mix between table and quick service look like? Instead of walking up to order your food, you'll find a table, scan the table's QR code to let Universal know what table you're sitting in, and place your order virtually. We're pretty much team Quable over at DF because this type of restaurant allows you to sit down in the AC way faster without feeling bad that you're taking up a table because that's exactly what you're supposed to do. One of the coolest things about staying at Universal's newest signature resort, Helios Grand Hotel, is that you're going to have a dedicated Epic Universe entrance leading you directly into Celestial Park. I absolutely love this. If you want to make me a happy AJ, put me in a hotel that leads directly into a theme park. But Helios Grand isn't just connected to Celestial Park. It's actually part of it. According to Universal, while Celestial Park is the cosmic heart of this place, aka the world between worlds, Helios Grand is the palace for its namesake, the Greek god of the sun. So, this hotel and this land are interwoven to be part of the same overarching story. Even the color palette of this resort coordinates with the colors used throughout Celestial Park. And get this, you see the gold cartou on the front of the hotel? That's the shiny circle accent in the center of the building up towards the top of the roof. If you're standing in front of the park entrance, you'll find that the gold cartou of Helios Grand directly lines up with the central Kronos Tower. Maybe it's Frankenstein. Maybe it's Maybelline. No, it's definitely Frankenstein. The Darkmore Monster makeup experience will transform kids and adults alike into vampires, werewolves, and other creatures of the night. Starting at $45, you will have to book this makeup experience before you go. And with that reservation, you'll get a full makeup transformation and matching accessories to go along with your new persona. Reminder, if you want to enjoy a few boozy epic Universe drinks during the day, it's better to get those out of the way first before getting your whole Monster makeup routine done. Why? Because you won't be allowed to purchase alcoholic beverages after the transformation is complete. It's difficult for team members to prove you're the person in your ID when all they see is a vampire staring back at them. Now, let's say you don't want a full face of monster makeup, but you still want to embrace your inner dark more persona. Over at the monster market, you also have the choice to get some temporary monster tattoos, which are a little more budget friendly than the full makeover option. But when I say budget friendly, I still mean that two tattoos are going to put you back 45 bucks, which can be pretty pricey. However, these are heavyduty tattoos that'll stretch all the way across your arm and should last for the remainder of your trip, if not a few days beyond that. Much like you'll find outside the cues around Universal's other parks, there are tester seats outside most rides around Epic Universe as well for you to check and see if these vehicles and their restraints will work for you before you get in line for them. After you pull down the lap bar or over the shoulder restraint of the tester seat, check the lights in front of you. If the harness hasn't locked in, the light will show red, but if it clicks into place, it'll switch to green, meaning you're good to go. Epic Universe, as well as the rest of Universal Parks, use a photo validation system at their park entrance, which eliminates the need to repeatedly scan physical tickets or annual seasonal passes to enter the resort's parks. You can either enroll in the system before your trip online, or you can do it right as you scan into your first park of the trip. But Epic Universe takes this facial rec one step further by also using it as a way to help you get into their complimentary ride lockers. If you're not comfortable with this new system for whatever reason, no worries. You don't have to use the facial recognition system if you don't want to. Just let the team member at the front gate know you'd prefer to opt out and just scan your park ticket instead. And the same can be done over at Epic Univers's lockers, too. You don't want to use facial recognition, just keep your park ticket out and handy at all times because that will become your key. Nope, not going to let you dull my sparkle. I love Dragon Racers Rally at Isis of Burke and no one can tell me it's not worth my time because it absolutely is. Dragon Racers Rally gives you the chance to practice aerobatic maneuvers and high-speed barrel rolls on two Viking made dragon riding trainers that reach heights of up to 67 ft in the air. Yep, that means you will be spinning upside down potentially. Fortunately, you get to control how wild or mild your dragon ride is, so it can be as exciting as you choose. You'll be able to find the barrel roll howto instructions while you're waiting in line. Yep, those aren't just theming. But even if you read the instructions, keep in mind that you're going to have to put a little muscle into those barrel rolls to keep them going. Just be sure to have one wing down, one up, and really throw your weight into it. But you don't have to barrel roll to enjoy this ride. I was laughing hysterically the whole time in just joyful jubilation just cuz it's so much fun. In case you don't know what a pimpkin is, let me fill you in. Pimpkin are these teeny, colorful, goofy looking plant-like creatures from the hit Nintendo video game Pimkin. And while they don't have a specific ride or attraction or restaurant in Super Nintendo World, they are hiding out everywhere in this land. Much like Disney has hidden Mickeys, Super Nintendo World has pimpins. So keep your eyes peeled and see how many you can find throughout the ride cues, artwork, or even inside Toad Stool Cafe. Despite the flash of green I'm getting ready to talk about, this is a much much much darker secret Easter egg than the likes of Nintendo Pimpkin. When you're in the Ministry of Magic portal, find the first house on Ru Cashache and look up. In one of the upper level windows, you'll notice every now and then that there's a flash of green pulsing from the window. It might seem fun and magical at first, but this actually represents the big baddy of the wizarding world back in the 1920s, Grindlewald, casting the unforgivable Evvada Kadavra on an unsuspecting muggle family. The tiniest secrets can often be the most profound, and the same can be said about the number 428 carved into one of the dark universe bricks. I get it. There's a lot to take in when you step through this purple glowing portal for the first time. And your first instinct probably isn't going to be to find a random brick with the number 428 sketched into it. But if you do decide to track down this very special brick toward the ground, you'll find a brick that actually holds a lot of movie monster significance. The number 428 represents two things. First, it represents the year Darkmore was founded. And second, it's also the birthday of the real life Carl Lammy Jr. who convinced his father Carl Lammy aka the founder of Universal to pursue Universal monster movies to a greater extent. Thanks to his push, Universal found a massively successful franchise in monster films, which led to the creation of Dark Universe. You can specifically find the 428 brick across from Dos Steakhouse near the village well and on the cornerstone of the Ptorius' scientific oddities building. The Goblin Noir is in the shadowy corners of Plus Cache where international dark witches and wizards gather. But what the true Harry Potter fans are going to know this place as is the sanctuary of Nicholas FLL. Yep, the famous alchemist known for creating the sorcerer stone in the first film and book. You'll see lots of references to the Deathly Hallows around this place. But one of her favorite Easter eggs of the restaurant has got to be the trio of puppets you can find high up on one of the dining room shelves. This is a callback to not only the tales of the three brothers, which you'll also learn about in the Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows books and films, but also to the tales of Beetle the Bard puppet show that happens over at Diagon Alley in Universal Studios Florida Daily. How do you know that you've truly crossed over into wizard territory after a trip through the Ministry of Magic portal? Well, look at the advertisements outside the Ministry of Magic archway. You'll find poster advertisements aimed at muggles and advertising well muggle things. But once you walk through the arch, the poster advertisements start selling different things like wizarding things like birdie bots and aam tea fire whiskey and the latest show taking over the scene. Lesser Aano single rider lines aren't always going to guarantee you a shorter que line, but they're definitely worth trying if you think that breaking up your group to help team members fill in the available space is going to help cut down your wait time. We've had single rider line experiences over at Mario Kart Bowser's Challenge where we only had to wait 30 minutes in the single rider queue versus the full 2 hours that the main line was projecting. But then again, we've also had single rider queue experiences at Minecart Madness that had us waiting about the same time as we would have had to wait in the regular standby line. It's all a gamble. But if you're trying to decide whether the gamble is actually going to lean more towards your favor or not, just don't hop into a single rider line when it reopens after being closed for capacity. When a single rider hits capacity, that means the people waiting in line already are more than likely going to be waiting the same amount of time to ride the ride, or maybe even longer than the main queue projects. Wait, are new Epic Universe portals already in the making? Take a look at Epic Universe's front gate. The park's front gate features five emblems, one for each of Epic's existing portals, surrounded by golden circles. But it seems there are two empty golden circles on this gate that are the same size as the circles that are framing the portals already in place. Now, could these simply be decorative golden circle flourishes and we're just overthinking things? Maybe. But they could also be there as placeholders for new portals to be. While nothing has been 100% confirmed yet, I think there's a lot of merit to our Golden Circle speculation. After all, expansions have been on the table for this park for a while now with expansion pads scattered throughout. Over its first year of operation, several construction permits and trademark filings have hinted at new additions coming quickly. Not to mention, in early 2026, theme park photographer Bio Reconstruct shared images of a new construction fence and building materials on site in Celestial Park. So, I'd definitely be keeping those ears to the ground if I were you because I expect some big announcements are going to be made for this park sooner rather than later. Fire Drill is an all ages boat ride competition where you'll be working to outscore and out soak riders in the other boats passing by. It is super fun. This means blasting water cannons at flamelike targets to practice putting out fires since, you know, with an island full of dragons, things bursting into flames is kind of a common occurrence. During your ride, you'll notice that some of those targets are different colors. If you aim for the blue ones, those are the ones that are going to get you the most wet. Why is Epic Universe filled with literally the cutest creatures? Dragons, those adorable sheep, Earl the Squirrel, and now Captain Cacao. Don't be fooled. He might look adorable, but Captain Cacao plays an important, all too serious role in Celestial Park. He's the captain of the marshmallow airship that travels across the cosmos, collecting sweets and goodies to stick on the shelves of Celestial Park's confectionary. But don't worry, he's not traveling alone. His human companion, Maya, takes to the skies with him. When you're wandering the shop, take a look past the register to find an arched doorway. There's door seion going on over here because along with the main door that's Maya humans sized, you've also got a medium-sized door, Captain Cacaized, and then a smaller door beyond that. Now, who's that one for? That door is for Major Loi, a sugar glider who aids with the ship upkeep. Okay, I seriously can't handle all the animal cuteness of this place. It just keeps getting better. Who out there is a big Back to the Future fan? because you're going to love this little Easter egg hiding out on Stardust Racers in Celestial Park. On the back of each Stardust car, you'll find an honest to goodness flux capacitor as a little nod to Doc Brown, Marty McFly, and all their time traveling adventures. Because there's no internal track lighting for Stardust racers, the lighting illuminating the ride vehicles makes it look like they're shooting stars across the night sky. And those lights that you're seeing on the ride vehicles actually sync with the nighttime show lights around the park. A very cool and intentional moment that elevates this park even further. Now, tell me, how many new amazing things did you learn about Epic Universe today? Cuz I know I learned a lot just creating this video with my team. We've been having so much fun making mind-blowing trip altering discoveries around this new Universal Orlando park. And if you're getting ready to walk through the portal next, go ahead and check out one of our other Epic Universe videos now. We have a bunch of them, like what I learned on my last trip to Epic Universe. And don't forget to download our free Epic Universe Ultimate Park Guide over at disneyfoodblog.com/epic. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real soon.
