---
video_id: __buurowLIk
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Why Won’t Disney World Let Me Do This?"
published: 2026-03-30
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__buurowLIk
---
Is there like a good reason why Disney World's not letting me do this stuff? Or are they just a giant bully? We're getting down to the bottom of these theme park restrictions today and why they're in place in the first place. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Vlog. If you were to type in the words, "Why won't Disney let me" in a Google search engine, what do you think would be the autocomplete suggestions for the rest of that question? The DF team and I put our heads together while also pulling from the questions that you've asked us here in our YouTube video comments before to come up with a solid fill-in-the-blank list that'll have you saying, "Wait, hold up. You're right. Why won't Disney let me do that?" It is so kind for you to want to share your own beignet recipe with Tiana or try to buy an extra bag of popcorn to help Winnie the Pooh out with his rumbly tummy. But for safety reasons, much like you'll find across public schools nowadays, characters are not allowed to accept any sort of homemade treats or unpackaged goods. Really, they're not allowed to accept any gifts at all. However, if you bring a small trinket, like a friendship bracelet for Rapunzel, or your three-year-old's drawing that they did of Pluto for Mickey Mouse to hang on his fridge when he gets back home, you can show the character the item that you've brought them, but then you need to hand that trinket off to the nearby character attendant for safekeeping. It's like when we had all of Mickey's friends sign a birthday card for him, and we brought it to him to show him, and he was so happy, but we had to hand it over to the character attendant for safekeeping. It's up to the attendants discretion whether a character gets to keep those items or not after it's time for them to head out. But more often than not, if it's a tiny little drawing or what have you, they're going to give it to your character friend before they head back to their kingdom or the 100 Acre Wood or whatever they call home after their big day in the parks. On the flip side of things, characters are also not allowed to give you gifts. If a parent purchased a little Woody doll that they think would be adorable to give their kiddo whenever they're doing a Toy Story meet and greet, that's fine. The parents are more than welcome to do that. But Woody, Buzz, or B Peep can't be the ones to hand it off to them, just cuz that wouldn't seem fair to the other kids in line who don't understand why their Toy Story pills aren't giving them a present, too. You know what the characters can give you, though? Autographs. Autograph books are the most popular item to bring to a character meet and greet. Just make sure you have your book open and pen ready to go. But if you're looking for something maybe a bit more unique to collect character signatures during your trip, you can also bring things like a refillable water bottle, a photo frame mat, or baseball hats, maybe a pillow case. Just make sure you bring a felt marker that'll show up. Regular old pens aren't going to work on these dudes. Typically, when you hear about Disney World Skip the Ride Line service, Lightning Lanes, the conversation will revolve around one of two options. Multi pass, where you can choose up to three Lightning Lane reservations before you arrive at a park and then make additional reservations throughout your day, or single pass, which is a pay per ride service that gives you the ability to buy Lightning Lane access to each of the park's most popular rides. However, there's also a third Lightning Lane option that's less talked about called Premier Pass, which is actually the most convenient Lightning Lane option of them all. This is a separately paid service that gives you one-time entry into every Lightning Lane in one park for one price. That means there's no need for you to make any pre-selections or more Lightning Lane reservations throughout the day. You just show up at a ride you want to ride and enter its Lightning Lane. Super easy. But the big reason Premier Pass isn't as talked about in everyday Lightning Lane discourse is because, well, it's incredibly expensive. If this tells you anything, the cheapest we've seen Premier Pass get, which does change depending on theme park demand, is $129 per person per one day in Animal Kingdom. And the most expensive we've seen it get is $449 per person per day in Magic Kingdom. And the really tricky part about all that, Premiier Pass is not Park Hopper friendly. So, if you buy park hopper tickets, but you've got Premiier Pass booked for, say, Hollywood Studios, you can't just hop on a Skyliner and start using your Premier Pass at Epcot 2. So, if you plan on park hopping and you want to keep using Lightning Lanes, you'll need to purchase Lightning Lane Multipass for your next park of the day on top of the thousands you're already paying for Premiere Pass. Premier Pass is definitely the best add-on for those who are taking those once in a-lifetime Disney trips who want to make sure they're doing everything they can in a single visit cuz they don't know when or if they'll ever be back. But otherwise, Multipass might take a little bit of extra thought and planning, but it's a whole lot cheaper and it's still park hopper friendly. If you want to learn more about all the different types of Lightning Lanes to see which one might be the best fit for you, if any, scan the QR code you see on the screen now or click on the link in the description for Disneyfoodblog.com/multipass and I'll send you our free maximizing your lightning lanes guide ASAP. It's been a long park day and you're just ready to get into your jammies and watch backtoback Mickey Mouse cartoons while you're munching on a good old McDonald's cheeseburger in bed. Ordering fast food on an app like Door Dash or Uber Eatats can be a lifesaver when your feet don't want to take you anywhere else, yet you need to eat and you don't want to drop a whole bunch of money on hotel food. But wherever you do decide to Door Dash, you're still going to have to tell your aching toes to shuffle on over to your hotel lobby or bell services desk since your Door Dasher will not be able to drop off the food at your room. This isn't just a Disney rule. This is a typical rule that you'll find across other hotels and delivery apps in general for several reasons. The main reason is for your safety as well as the deliverer's safety. But other reasons build from parking concerns since the only folks allowed to park their car at a Disney World hotel are the ones who are actively staying or dining there, as well as the sheer size of these hotels and how easy it be to get lost trying to find specific rooms. I mean, I get lost trying to find my room when I'm staying at Port Orleans Riverside all the time. I can't imagine a delivery person trying to find that room in the middle of a like a dark night in Disney World. Okay, so if you want to get that McChicken and medium diet coke delivered to your resort ASAP, nah, you know what? Make it a large Diet Coke. Soda Goblin and me craves the bubbly. Here's what you'll need to do to make it happen. First, put in your order just like you would any other Door Dash experience that you'd plug in back home. Also, be sure to request utensils if you'll need them. While some Disney resort rooms have utensils, mostly DVC villas, others do not. This has burned me many times. When it comes to how you want your food delivered, you should be able to select a hand it to me option, meaning you'd meet the Door Dasher in the lobby for pickup. Or if your hotel takes deliveries at Bell Services, let your driver know you'd rather have them dropped off there instead for you to pick up a little later on. It doesn't matter if you're staying at a Disney hotel along, say, the Skyliner route, which gives you easy access to all the hotels that the Skyliner services, you're still not allowed to do any pool hopping between hotels. So, if you've booked a room at the Riviera, the only pool you're going to have is the Riviera pools. No more, no less. Even though you're within walking distance to Caribbean Beach, you can't go over there and use their pool. This might be a bit confusing for anyone who's ever stayed at a Universalowned hotel before since most of their hotels do allow pool hopping during the day, but Disney's strict pool hopping rule helps certain feature pools from getting way overcrowded. Now, if you still want to scratch that pool hopping itch, you do have a few rule bending scenarios that you might want to check into. All three of the value level All-Star resorts, music, movies, and sports, allow guests to pool hop amongst the triangle, meaning someone staying at All-Star Movies would have access to not just the Fantasia feature pool, but also the guitar-shaped Calypso feature pool at Allstar Music and the Grand Slam feature pool at All-Star Sports, as well as all the little quiet pools amongst the lot of them. Both Porterans Riverside and Porter's French Quarter share pools, meaning as a French Quarter guest, you're more than welcome to check out any of Riverside's quiet pools since French Quarter doesn't have any. And as a Riverside guest, you can jump over to French Quarter's feature pool with the Sea Surpent Water slide. And then there's Yacht and Beach Club. couple of deluxe level abcot area resorts that share the same feature pool called Stormalong Bay, which I for one think is the coolest feature pool across all of Disney World property since it's like a private mini water park in its own right. Complete with that sand bottom pool, a life-siz shipwreck replica, 230 foot long water slide, and my favorite lazy river. Now, why would Disney build an entire Cinderella suite in the castle that's absolutely stunning? But you can't give me the chance to at least take a quick peek inside of it. The Cinderella castle suite was originally designed to be a suite for Walt Disney and his family. But since Walt passed away before the completion of Disney World, the apartment was left unfinished for quite a while until it eventually turned into office space. Can you imagine Cinderella Castle being your office? Now that's a window view. better than the window view I have on the side of my neighbor's house. They won't even let me paint a little mural on it to at least have something interesting to look at. In 2006, for the year of a million dreams celebration, the Cinderella Castle suite was transformed into the ultimate luxury suite. Complete with 24-hour concierge, a magic mirror turned TV, an antique limestone fireplace, stained glass windows, and a jacuzzi tub with a starry night sky overhead. And sometimes you can enter a contest to win a stay here. But normally, it doesn't matter if you wanted to book this place years in advance or fork over hundreds of thousands of dollars for a one night stay. You just can't. Seriously, you can't stay here unless Disney invites you to stay here. In the past, you could at least get the chance to step inside the Cinderella Castle suite during the former World of Dreams tour, which was 10 hours long, completely customizable, and cost a whopping $12,000. But that's no longer an option anymore. I get it. Disney wants to keep this suite nice and pristine, but I promise I would take good care of it. I wouldn't even smuggle chicken tenders back up to their room or anything. Honest. Now, if you're looking for some sort of royal stay during your Disney World trip, and Disney just won't invite you to their Cinderella suite, here are some bougie alternatives you might want to consider. The Polynesian village Bora Bora bungalows are located over at Seven Seas Lagoon, a stones throw away from Cinderella Castle, and can sleep up to eight people with two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a living kitchen, dining area, and a private back deck with a private plunge pool. You can also stay at any of the Disney Vacation Club properties that offer three-bedroom stays. Those will put you in a villa that sleeps up to 12 people. These rooms typically also come with three or more bathrooms, a very large full-size kitchen, a cozy plush living area, a spacious dining area, and a balcony, possibly even with a fireworks or theme park view, depending on where you stay. Or for a straightup royal themed room that won't necessarily break the bank, book a moderate stay inside a royal guest room at Port Orleans Riverside. for a room with framed princess artwork. Lots of Disney royal hidden gems throughout the decor and headboards that light up with LED fireworks. When it comes to prepaying for your meals around Disney World via one of the Disney dining plans, you're in an all or nothing sort of situation. You can either purchase a full Disney vacation package, which includes theme park tickets and a Disney World hotel stay under one bundled price point just to unlock the option to tack on the Disney dining plan if you want it. or you can't have it at all. It doesn't matter that you have general admission park tickets already booked or that you're planning on staying at a Disney hotel. You've got to have the vacation package locked in specifically if you want the Disney dining plan added to your trip. The only exception to this rule is if you're an annual passholder or a Disney Vacation Club member. Now, having to book a vacation package isn't necessarily a bad thing. It's just a thing. Like sometimes a vacation package works in your favor because there's a really good promotion going on or you can get a great discount, but other times you might not want to book a vacation package if you find a better deal specifically for theme park tickets or Disney hotel rooms or if you don't really want to stay at a Disney hotel at all. So you can try and book a cheaper place off property. We talk about this situation specifically in our DFB guide to maximizing the Disney dining plan during our understanding the math chapter, which I knew we needed to include in this book because if I were trying to figure out whether or not I needed it, I definitely want someone doing that math for me. And a big part of what we talk about during this chapter when it comes to why on earth vacation packages are so important to the whole DDP process is that dining plan credits are allotted based on the number of nights of your vacation package stay. and everyone who's booked under your vacation package will automatically be added to whatever dining plan you choose. Again, all or nothing. Either everyone's a part of the plan or nobody is. You certainly don't have to have the dining plan if you want to eat around Disney World, but if you'd like the convenience of already having your food paid for before your vacation begins, then the vacation package route is a good way to do it. You can learn more about Disney World vacation packages just to get a better grasp on what you're paying for here in our what I wish I'd known before booking a Disney World vacation package video. We're going to cover the pros and the cons so you can decide what's best for your family. Speaking of discounts, let's talk about discount problems. Not champagne problems, T-Swift, discount ones. It's easy to get all amped up about a certain super sweet hotel discount being promoted on the special offers page that seemingly fits your vacation timeline like a glove. But if you go to book a room and that discount option is not showing up for you kind of starts to feel like Disney's targeting you. Gee, what gives? Why am I the special case that doesn't get the 30% discount? Now, before we all start taking things personally here, let's keep these three hotel discount factors in mind. First, not every hotel room is applicable to all discounts. If you click on the view details button next to the promotion itself, yep, that dangerous small print, you'll find an important details section that'll list off some of the discounts exclusions, which should include a list of specific hotel room exclusions, too. For example, one of the featured offers currently on the Disney World website, per the release of this video, says I can save up to 30% on rooms this summer. Yet, under the important details section, the fine print does note that this offer excludes three-bedroom villas, moderate and deluxe resort suites, the Copper Creek cabins at Wilderness Lodge, and the villas and bungalows at Polynesian Village. So, you always want to keep an eye on what specific hotels and hotel rooms are excluded from that deal before you go ahead and get excited about it. Second, hotel discounts vary depending on the hotel and the room style. We're going to use that same 30% summer discount for this example. Notice that the promotion claims you can save up to 30% on a Disney hotel room. The only way you'll be able to get that full 30% is if you spend five consecutive nights or more at your Disney hotel and you stay at one of the deluxe resorts listed for that 30% eligibility. All other hotels and room styles that you'll stay at for four nights or fewer could get you 15 to 25% off, but not the full 30. And third, hotel discounts can and will sell out. Yep, there's only a limited number of rooms that Disney has set aside that you can actually apply those discounts to. So, for example, let's say I'm trying to book a room over at the Pop Century Resort, that value resort with the summer offer applied. If I try to book a room for my family of four, two adults, two kids between June 16th to June 22nd, my room options are unavailable. But if I take off the offer and switch over to the room only offer, lo and behold, suddenly those rooms are available again. So when you hear about a good Disney room discounts, it's better to lock in those reservations earlier rather than later. Otherwise, that discounted room could get swept out from underneath you where you'll have to try and adjust your travel dates in the hopes that there'll still be a discounted room that you want later on. Does anyone remember when Disney World started selling midday park tickets? It was back in 2019. At least that was one of the times. And they were called midday magic tickets sold at a discounted price for anyone who wanted to hit up the parks after 12:00 p.m. which meant skipping over those peak morning ride times. But hey, Fastpass Plus was a thing back then to help you skip certain ride lines for free. So you could have fallen back on that perk to make up for lost time. There also used to be an Epcot after 4 annual pass that was available to purchase for Florida residents, which was another much cheaper ticket option for those who just wanted to pop into Epcot throughout the year for dinner, drinks, a couple of rides, maybe the occasional fireworks performance. But ever since the pandemic, there haven't been any half-day park ticket offerings, except if you count the after hours tickets, but those are less about general admission at a discounted price and more about special late night admission at certain parks for lighter crowds and all-inclusive snacks. Will Disney World ever bring back those half-day tickets? Who knows? Maybe. But really, your best bet when it comes to discounted tickets nowadays is again to check Disney's special offers, deals, and discounts page. Sometimes you can find offers like 3-day, three park tickets starting at $109 per day, though these offers really do depend on when you're planning on traveling. Partial day tickets are also available if you're going to Disney World as part of a convention sometimes, but again, those are not open to the general public. Hanging wet clothes and towels from your hotel balcony doesn't seem malicious, but it's definitely one of those weird banned things that you'll need to watch out for when you're a guest at a Disney hotel. Disney doesn't directly express on their Disney World Resort property rules web page why they've put this restriction in place, but there's a good chance that it's because guests are spending a lot of money to stay at one of these nice themed resorts. So seeing a whole bunch of dripping wet garments hanging around everywhere could take away from the overall hotel immersion. There's also the situation that people could lose those items and Disney could potentially be blamed for that. Also, there's the safety element like maybe there's a horrible storm and your stuff blows off of the balcony and lands on a passing car and the car can't see and something horrible happens. You know, there's lots of reasons maybe why they don't want you to hang your stuff from the hotel balcony. So, what can you do with your wet towels, your swimsuits, your shirts, or other soggy articles of clothing? One easy and legal solution is to look and see if your hotel shower or bathtub has that retractable clothes line. Most hotel rooms do have them, meaning you'll still be able to hang up your swimwear and dry them overnight without breaking any rules. Or you may want to pay a visit to your resort's laundry facilities to get your items washed and dried. You can sign up for text updates, letting you know when your laundry is done, meaning you can go have fun at the pool with everyone else and head back to the facility after your phone pings you. Just keep in mind that some resorts do charge a minimal fee, usually around $3 per load to use the machines. And if you don't wind up bringing your own soap and softener from home, it's usually available in the laundry facility vending machines for about $1 a pop. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on. Hold the phone. You mean to tell me that I can buy a non-refundable Disney theme park ticket and not be allowed in the park? So, before we all start grabbing our torches and pitchforks, or at least get ready to type something scathing in the comments, there's a reason why Disney might not let you into one of the parks right away on a specific day, and it all has to do with capacity. To be fair, like 99% of the time, this is not going to be a problem, and you should be able to scan in and enter a theme park just fine, even during peak vacation season times. But during those ultra busy days like New Year's Eve or Fourth of July, the Disney parks, especially Magic Kingdom, can reach their absolute people limit. So, if you come a little later in the day, you try to scan in, and a cast member has to tell you the place is booked up solid, that can be a problem, even though it's not really anybody's fault. If you know you're going to be visiting Disney World on one of those historically ultra busy days, make sure you get to the park you're planning on hitting up that day just as soon as you can, either by rope drop time or during early theme park entry if you're a Disney hotel guest and have that 30inut early entry benefit. This will help you get ahead of the peak of the crowds so you can be inside the park before it reaches capacity. And if the park still manages to reach capacity before you get there, don't panic. You can either kill time over at a different park that's not yet at capacity if you've got a park hopper ticket, or you can kill time elsewhere around property, like at one of the hotels or at Disney Springs. Crowds will eb and flow, so you shouldn't be blocked out from entering a certain park all day, hopefully. Just be sure to call 4075605000 to learn about current park availability. That way, you don't have to make the trek all the way back over to check on a park status only to wind up gambling your time because the park's still at max capacity. And again, this rarely rarely happens, but we're around to make sure you're ready for any circumstance that befalls you. If you're a longtime Disney goer, then you know the drill. Request the birthday button, wear the birthday button, get the free stuff sometimes because it's your birthday. But if this is your first time ever going to Disney World, I'm telling you right now, those free celebration buttons, you got to get one. Especially if you're celebrating something big like a birthday or anniversary or first time visit or I don't know your New York Times bestselling book. Yeah, I have a celebration button for that. You can grab a free celebration button from guests relations inside any park, the front of a Disney hotel or many of the merchandise shops like the Emporium in Magic Kingdom. But here's the important thing to remember about these buttons. Yes, they can improve your chances of getting a free dessert at a Disney restaurant, but the freebies are never ever a guarantee. It's just a nice little surprise when it does happen. They call them magical moments in Disney World. Your chances of getting a magical moment are always going to be better if you're sporting that button loud and proud. So, go ahead and get one and wear it, but don't ever expect a magical moment to happen to you. Believe me, nobody likes when that happens. There's something really cool going on at Disney's cheapest hotels lately. If you're flying into Orlando International Airport via a domestic Southwest Airlines flight, then you might have the option to skip baggage claim and have your bags delivered directly to your Disney resort and then back to MCO airport at the end of your vacation, but only if you're flying Southwest and you're staying at a value Disney hotel. Strangely enough, this perk isn't offered at Disney's Moderate or Deluxe Resorts right now. But to be fair, this new feature just started up last year and it's been running through a lot of testing phases, so who knows? might expand to other Disney hotels later on when they feel more comfortable with it. Maybe. Hopefully. I'll keep an eye out for you. If you want to use this service right now because your particular trip checks all the boxes, be sure to follow these important steps leading up to your vacation. First, fill out the registration form for the airport luggage transfer at Disney service anytime from 30 days to 5 days prior to your departure flight. You'll need your Disney Resort confirmation number and your Southwest Airlines confirmation number when you register. Then 24 hours before boarding, you'll check into your flight online as normal and pay any necessary baggage fees. On your day of departure, head to the airport and follow the Southwest Airlines procedure to drop off your luggage. Finally, enjoy your flight. Your luggage should arrive at your Value Hotel in under 4 hours. Now, once you're ready to head back home and after you've checked in for your return flight, you'll need to drop off your bags at luggage assistance in the hotel lobby area by the required drop off time. If you're flying before 1 p.m., drop off your bags by 1:00 a.m. the night before your flight. But if you're flying after 1 p.m., drop your bags off at least 4 hours before departure and no later than 1:00 p.m., whichever comes first. You'll need to provide a valid form of photo identification and show your boarding pass to drop off your bags. You can also call luggage assistance from your hotel room phone to ask for help with your bags if needed. Then Disney's third party service takes care of the rest. Once your bags are collected and sent to the airport, you can track your luggage with the Southwest Airlines app. All that's left is to head to the airport, skip the check-in line, hop on the plane, pick up your bags at baggage claim when you get home. Imitation may be flattery, but Disney does have limits on how much imitation they'll allow in their parks. Costumes aren't allowed in Disney for guests 14 and older, and that's because Disney doesn't want any hardcore confusion going on for others. Even if you're able to completely take on Belle's persona and you have the perfect outfit that looks just like hers, Disney already has Belle in their parks ready to meet with guests, your job is to have fun. So, leave the meet and greets with the actual hired characters. Unless that is you're planning on going to Mickey's Nots So Scary Halloween party this fall. Then, as long as you follow Disney's costume guidelines, you can dress as whomever you want to. Just make sure you're not claiming to be those actual characters during the party. Remember, this is all still play pretend, so there's no need to confuse anybody and have them second-guessing if you're Elsa or if the real Elsa is Elsa, right? And don't forget, even if you can't carbon copy the look of your favorite character on normal part days, that doesn't mean you can't wear an outfit inspired by them. Disneybounding is a big deal for many guests and allows you to do a way more low-key and subtle cosplay of the characters you love. You could also wear a tea that shows off your favorite Disney characters. We got lots of Disney character inspired t-shirts featured on our dfbstore.com right now, ranging from well-loved princesses to cute sidekicks and even fan favorite dastardly villains. If you've been to Disney World before and you haven't taken the time to go over and at least see the Tricycle D Ranch inside Fort Wilderness Resort at least once, you've been missing out. Tric Circle D Ranch gives you the chance to meet the horses that pull the trolleys down Main Street USA in Magic Kingdom each day. And the best part, going to see these horses doesn't cost anything extra. You just have to make your way over here at some point during your trip. But you can't pet them while you're there. Them's the rules, cuz Disney values your safety and the horse's safety, too. But if you want to ride one of these horses, there is a way you can do that. You can book a tricycle horseback ride starting at 60 days before your vacation, which will give you a 45minute trail ride priced at $65 per person. And for the little ones in your group, there are pony rides, which are first come, first serve, no reservations necessary. These rides are $10 per kid, and your kiddo must be at least 3 years old to ride, but no more than 48 in tall to be eligible. I love a park hopper ticket. gives me a lot of freedom during my trip to jump between parks, and that's important for me because I'm usually only there for a few days at a time. But I'm not huge on the fact that I can't just pick and choose which days I want to use park hoppers for. Like, yes, I want park hoppers for my Animal Kingdom day so I can jump over to Hollywood Studios that night to watch Fantasmic, but I don't necessarily always want it for my Magic Kingdom day since there's seriously so much to do in this park. And I kind of want to stay put and just ride the People Mover a billion times without feeling like I should jump any place else. And yet, park hoppers aren't all or nothing ordeal. You either get them for every park day or zero park days. There's no picking and choosing, not like you can for like lightning lanes. So, if you do decide to park hop, I'd highly recommend paying for park hopper tickets before the start of your trip instead of in the middle of it. And that's because park hopper prices always cover all the days you've purchased park tickets for, even if you're already well into your trip. So, for example, if you've already spent two days in the parks and you want to purchase Park Hopper tickets for the third and fourth days, you'll still be charged Park Hopper add-ons for all the days, even the two you've already passed. Wamp wamp. Now that we've thoroughly discussed what Disney won't let us do, let's talk about the things Disney will let us do, which is a whole lot longer of a list. If you're ready to keep that conversation going, check out one of our must do Disney World videos next, like the five things everyone should do in Disney World or the ultimate Magic Kingdom bucket list. And don't forget to download that free Lightning Lane guide I mentioned earlier over at disneyfoodblog.com/multipass. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Foodlog and we'll see you real soon.
