---
video_id: ULa-QM_YNPc
channel: DFBGuide
title: "What I Learned On My Last Disney Cruise"
published: 2026-01-12
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULa-QM_YNPc
---
I love these kinds of videos because I get to talk about the mistakes that I make when I'm on my trips and I get to warn you about the stuff that really threw me for a loop and surprised me on my previous trips that I just took. Now, on my last Disney Cruise Line trip, I learned way more than I expected to learn. And I'm taking you on board the ship with me so you can learn about that stuff, too. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. So, I just got back from sailing with Disney and my sea legs are tired. Thanks, Bria. I love Bria's jokes. I really do. I love her so much. Okay, I adore cruising with Disney, but that doesn't mean every cruise I go on happens without a hitch. And that goes for this most recent vacation as well. So, here we go. We're going to dive into everything I learned during my last Disney cruise. From the good to the bad to the shocking. So, this was wild. It's not just a theme park thing, y'all. My son and I experienced an aqua mouse evacuation firsthand during this past family cruise we took. So, backstory. We're riding on the Aqua Mouse, right? We were on the Wish this time. My son loves the aqua mouse, but we got stuck in the open slide part right above the deck, like right when you're sort of hanging over the ocean and all the water stopped and we could hear this little girl who'd been riding by herself start screaming for her mom. And it broke my heart because I'm a mom. And she probably got stuck so they had to shut down the entire ride. And now I'm like, I've got to go help this little girl. I've got to make sure she's okay. It's very hard to be sitting there as a mom on your little raft and not go help a kid who's calling for their mom, right? And I'm sure that's what everybody would feel whether they're a parent or not. But my head was like, "Hey, no, don't do that cuz it's super not safe and you're literally hanging over the side of a ship right now." So, after what felt like an hour, but was probably like 2 minutes, I heard someone coming to get her and the side of our slide just zipped down like it was a tent, and a guy came in to evacuate us. And then the ride started back up shortly after. The little girl was fine. Thank goodness Disney made sure of that, which I didn't doubt. But still, that did not stop my heart from freaking out. The moral here, if something happens while you're on one of Disney's Aqua Coasters, stay where you are and wait until a crew member comes over to tell you what to do next. It's way, way safer for everyone involved, you included, if you just sit tight and trust that the crew's got whatever's going on handled. Now, I know that this might not be practical for everybody, especially those who are planning to make a week-l long cruise or those who don't plan on doing any laundry during their vacation, but if you can skip over the checked luggage procedure and stick with just bringing a carry-on, it's so much easier to keep track of. So much easier. Much like a flight, you can take a carry-on bag and check luggage onto the ship with you. But checked luggage will have to go through an extra screening procedure first before it's delivered up to your room. Usually luggage gets taken up to your stateateroom shortly after your room's ready for you to move into. So like around 2 to 4 pm. And that can be handy if you don't want to lug around all your stuff during the first few hours of your time on board. But it's nice to have all your stuff with you in your carry-on so you don't have to stress about where everything is or leaving something important in your checked luggage like medications or diapers or whatever that you won't be able to access until after your stateateroom is ready. Maybe even much later on if your luggage has to be held for a more thorough inspection because of maybe a banned or restricted item that you accidentally brought with you, similar to what happened to my mom during our last cruise together when she brought giant scissors not knowing they were not allowed. So, if you've only got carryons to worry about, you'll go through a normal security procedure and be able to keep everything with you, which is way better for my personal peace of mind. It was very scary when my mom's suitcase that had all of her medications in it was held because of the confiscated scissors and we didn't get that until after sail away. [music] So, we weren't even sure if we were going to get my mom's medications. It was freakout time. Now, our cruise was only a three nighter on board the Wish, so it was super easy for us to pack clothes for that. Not to mention, on the last day of our cruise, we found it so much easier to just walk off the ship with the carry-ons during the whole disembarkcation process. [music] And it's even easier if you decide to use the express walk-off that happens before breakfast between 7:00 [music] and 7:30. You'll miss the one final all-inclusive meal, but you'll also miss those massive crowds that are all leaving the ship at the same time. Okay, this isn't my first Disney Cruise rodeo, but it might be yours. And if you're in need of a Disney Cruise refresh, I've got a free Disney Cruise ultimate guide that I want to send your way today. So, scan the QR code you see on the screen or click on the link in the description for Disneyfoodblog.com/cruiseplanning. right after this and I'll send you a complimentary guide covering the Disney Cruise Line basics that you need to know about before you book that big ship trip. So, how were we able to keep the clothes that we packed from shirts to swimwear to jammies to a minimum when we were on the ship? It's all thanks to those 24-hour self-service laundry rooms, and they're really nice on the Wish and the Treasure and those Triton class ships. The washers and dryers on board the ships do cost extra, about three bucks per wash and three bucks per dry. And any laundry detergent packets that you need on top of that will be an extra dollar. But honestly, I just save the extra buck and bring my own laundry detergent sheets from home cuz they're tiny and easy [music] to pack and super light. I always just have like five of them in my suitcase at all times and I can use them wherever and they work just as well as pods or liquids or powders. They're just those sheets, right? Like those arm and hammer sheets. Anyway, much like the Disney World hotels, you can be updated about the status of your laundry when you are on the ship. Just check your Disney Cruise Line Navigator app and you can make your way back to the laundry room when it's ready for you to switch over or pick up. Yep. It'll give you a little notification that's like, "Hey, your laundry's done." Which is awesome. But unlike the Disney hotels, depending on how you spend your time in the parks, I found it way easier to find time to get laundry done during those out at sea days without it feeling like it was interrupting the flow of my vacation. The laundry facilities on board the Wish are on deck 8 midship, but double check your ship's map or check in with a crew member to make sure you know where your laundry facilities are located on your ship. Okay, you heard me. This is very important. Don't be that room. Before setting sail, everyone, and I mean everyone, is required to attend the mustard drill. A mustard drill is a mandatory safety spiel that you're going to hear on not just a Disney cruise, but every cruise you decide to go on in the future. It covers the basics like what you'll do in a rare case of an emergency, the proper way to put on a life jacket, and other important to know things like that. Again, it's like before you take off on a plane and your flight attendants walk you through all the safety procedures. The main difference is that you're already seated on the plane once that safety spiel starts to take place. But when it comes to a cruise ship mustard drill, you're responsible for walking your happy little self to wherever the spiel is taking place for you. And the ship's not going anywhere until everyone on board is accounted for. Which is why I again implore you, don't be that room. Don't be the people that stay in your room and think you don't have to go to the mustard drill and then you end up making everybody else wait for you because again, nobody's going anywhere until everybody's accounted for. So, this isn't like showing up late for a lecture and having to enter the room mid lesson. If you're late, everyone in that mustard drill is going to have to sit there and wait for you to arrive before the drill can get started and before they can start their vacation. And that's not a great way to start off your time on board. Now, if you're worried about being that person, don't be. It's really easy to show up for your mustard drill on time. And since these are big ships, there'll be multiple mustard drills happening across multiple sections of the ship to help space things out. you're going to be able to find out where your assembly station is located by checking the back of your stateateroom door or by just looking at the key to the world card that you have cuz it's going to stamp it right there. So yeah, on my last cruise I was not that room, but there was a room that came like 15 minutes late and everybody was so annoyed. So just don't be those people. You know, you're stuck on a ship with a bunch of folks. Don't make them mad at you right at the beginning. Okay, so you've gotten that mustard drill out of the way and you've been turned loose to do whatever you want to do. So, what should you do post mustard drill? Also, Bria wants you to know that yes, she indeed has been spelling out mustard about every single time we've said mustard in this script. And I've almost said mustard like 12 times, too. So, just mustard, just a heads up. That's what it is. But, Bria and I are both struggling with this one. So, after the mustard drill, there's going to be this tide of people going back up to their stateaterooms. And that means you're either going to have to wait for a ridiculous amount of time for an elevator or depending on what level your room is located on, you're going to have to walk up a zillion flights of stairs. So instead of doing that, just take that time and go explore an area of the ship that's close to you instead. This is a good time to check out the Oceaner Kids Club while open house is still going on since adults are allowed to go in and check out the kids clubs during this time, but they will not be allowed to enter these spaces during non-openhouse times. Or you can pop in and see what's happening at the atrium because you might be able to listen to some live music or take part in some other pre-saling activity. Or you can just head over to the top deck to read for a bit cuz this is your vacation and you should relax if you want to. Whenever you want to. But yeah, it's kind of like at the end of a Disney World night when the fireworks just went off and everybody's trying to get out at the same time. That's what happens postmaster drill. And I don't even care about getting back to my room at that point. and I'm just going to go and explore someplace else where there aren't that many people. And then within 15 or 20 minutes, everything sort of clears out and you're good to go. So, hey, Disney Cruise Line, I really like your food court spots around the pools. But why do you have to go and make the time frames for them so weird? Food windows near the pools will vary depending on what ship you're sailing on. But on board the newest ships from the Disney Wish on, you can check out Mickey and Friends Festival of Foods, which offers food court style offerings across multiple windows. You've got Mickey's Smoke Stack Barbecue, which is my favorite. Donald's Cantina, Daisy's Pizza Pies, Goofy's Grill, which is my husband's favorite cuz it's where you get all of those chicken tenders. And finally, Sweet Minis Ice Cream. Great, right? Lots of options for lots of different palettes and still part of the all-inclusive deal. So, you can just grab whatever your chicken tender heart desires. But despite these food windows all being part of the same lineup, their specific hours are kind of all over the place and they're different every day. For example, while we were on board the ship, all the deck 11 food windows normally closed by 6:00 p.m. right before rotational dinner starts up, except for Goofy's Grill, which closed at 10:00 p.m., much to our delight. And yet during pirate night, which is a specially themed night that takes place during most Disney cruises and involves pirate dress up and limited time menus and fireworks displays, etc., we found that Daisy's Pizza reopened for a bit after the rotational dinners wrapped up and Donald's Cantina stayed open until 7:00. I don't know, it's weird. And it definitely caused some family friction when I assumed Goofy's Grill closed when everything else did and my husband and son were adamant that they saw it stayed open later. And they were right. Figures. Just be sure to double check those quick service hours before you assume you know what they are. Because if you're like me, there's a good chance that you don't actually, and your son and husband are going to rub it in your face as they toast their chicken tenders. Same thing goes for the casual dining buffets like Marceline Market, which you're going to find on the newer cruise ships, or Cabanas, which is available on the older models. All those casual dining buffets have strict times. They are not open all the time. You know how fast food restaurants like McDonald's only serve a full breakfast menu till 10:30, but if you try to order a bacon, egg, and cheese bagel at 10:31, they're like, "Whoa, whoa, whoa. It is lunchtime now." And that's basically the vibe of Marceline Market and Cabanas. The full buffet stay open for breakfast from 7:00 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. But if you're trying to grab a Mickey waffle at 10:31, no way, friends, it's just not going to happen. I was up there at like 10:29. I got a bowl of oatmeal. I went over to [music] get some milk to put on it and the milk was gone. [laughter] Like it I swear it had just checked over to 10:30 and it's like no, you get no toppings for your oatmeal. [laughter] It was wild. Anyway, that buffet shuts down solid and doesn't reopen till 11:30 and it's lunch then and then it stays open until 2 or 2:30 and then it's closing up shop again. So, it's important to look at the dining times before your cruise sets sail, just because there's a good chance that even what I'm telling you could be different from what you experience. [music] But the most important thing to take away here is that meal times for quick services are fickle, but you should be able to plan around them. Or you can just stick with ordering that complimentary 24-hour room service where you can get chicken tenders all day every day. [music] Also, by the buy, these times are listed on your navigator app, your Disney Cruise Line Navigator app. So, if you're ever, you know, in one of those heated arguments with your family about when things are open, you can find the details on your Navigator app. You don't have to literally walk down to the location and look at the times. Okay, you probably think that all I do on these cruises is eat. And you're kind of right, because the next point is also about food. Since we're on the subject of cruise dining, let's settle here for a bit to talk about rotational dining. If you've never heard of Disney Cruise Lines rotational dining before, it's a neat concept and the highlight of lots of passengers trips. Rotational dining means that on the nights of your cruise, you'll rotate through three distinct themed restaurants, potentially some with live entertainment, and your servers will rotate with you, meaning you'll get consistent, personalized service throughout your trip. Rotational dining is completely included with the price of your stateateroom. Don't have to pay any extra, and you can order pretty much whatever you want to, even if it means making your meal out of three appetizers and a dessert. That's totally fine. Now, rotational dining isn't like a mustard drill. While you'll be assigned to a certain time to attend one of the three dinners each night, you don't have to if you don't want to. Okay, hold up, AJ. Why would we not want to eat during rotational dining? You might be asking the screen right now. This might surprise you, but during this last cruise, my family skipped two out of the three rotational dining offerings. And here's why. One, it's really easy to fill up on all those chicken tenders. [laughter] And it's really easy to fill up on the Marceline Market buffet during lunch, too. As well as all the snacks you can pick up on deck 11. You got endless soft serve. So, when it was getting close to our time to dine, none of us were really in the mood to eat again. Not to mention, my son wasn't thrilled about the offerings on the menu at 1923. So, you know, we stuck with chicken tenders. This also gave us a chance to reide the Aqua Mouse with no lines 75 million times to make up for the whole evacuation thing. Now, on day two, my husband and I did the adults only premium dining, Paulo Steakhouse, which is phenomenal instead of the rotational meal, which was fine for my son cuz it meant another round of chicken tenders. Now, this ended up being the night when we would have been able to dine at Arendelle, a frozen dining adventure, which I think is super cute and a ton of fun, but I knew my boys didn't really care about it that much. So, I knew we could plan our Palo Steakhouse date on Frozen night and it wouldn't hurt anybody's feelings. So, the only night we did rotational dining was during Worlds of Marvel. Now, what I will say about Worlds of Marvel is that the whole dining experience did take a while, much like the other showbased restaurants do since certain items are served at certain times to match the show's pacing. So, if you've got younger kids that you don't think will stay still through the entire meal, or your family just doesn't want to stick around for the whole show, you can always ask your server to just move through the dining process a little bit faster if needed. Overall though, this is your first time cruising with Disney, I wouldn't skip these rotational dining experiences if you can help it, just cuz they're cool and they're unique and they are all included. Okay, one more cruise dining lesson for now and then I promise I will move on to something else. I just learned a lot about food this time around. Okay, now if you make reservations for the premium adults only Palo Steakhouse, try to request a booth when you check in. The booths right by the window are the best seats by far, but there's always the possibility that you could get seated at a teeny tiny two-top table in the middle aisle of the second dining room. Now, the food is still going to be divine no matter where you're seated, but the two tops feel more like diner seating versus fancy date night seating. The tables are not created equal. Much like Disney Park restaurants, table requests can't always be accommodated. But I'm here to tell you it's worth asking about in this particular situation. Also, side note that still has to do with Paulo Steakhouse. Can we talk about their iced tea for a minute? I know it's my look squirrel moment, but follow me on this one. If you order a tea from Palo Steakhouse, an iced tea, they bring you a glass with three huge iced tea cubes so that while they melt, your tea doesn't get watered down. I am easily impressed. But these are the kinds of things that make me giddy when I am on Disney Cruise Line. Okay, there's just no way to sugarcoat this one. There's a reason why we warn you about cruising during hurricane season, but my family and I did it anyways, cuz it was convenient and it was cheap and our port days really paid the price for that decision. Let's start this point back when we were at Nassau. Okay, my son really wanted to go to the Aqua Venture Water Park at the Atlantis Resort and so did I cuz I'd never been there. It looks super cool and my son and I love a water park. So, we paid for it through Disney's Port Adventure ahead of time. I think it's important to mention here that tickets were clearly labeled as non-refundable. And we hopped on a shuttle from the ship to Atlantis. We got ourselves all checked in. I think maybe we were there for about 45 minutes before the torrential downpours started. I'm not talking about scattered showers. I'm talking about massive rain coming down in sheets and bending the palm trees over. And since this was a port adventure, our shuttle wasn't scheduled to come back and pick us up until 2:00 p.m. at the earliest. So, we just ended up wandering around the casino for the next couple of hours, me and my 12-year-old son. Could we have paid for a taxi to take us back to the ship? Probably. But like, there's always that glimmer of hope that you hold on to that your water park day isn't totally going to be a complete wash out. So, we stuck around. But by 2 p.m., we were just out of luck and out of the money that we invested in the port adventure in the first place. And then it ended up taking us about an hour to get back to the ship, even though it should take about 12 minutes because heads up that on Nassau when it rains this torrentially, there's only one street that's actually passable cuz everything else floods and so everyone has to be on that street. So, I learned a lot about navigating Nassau in the middle of major rainstorms. But the storms keep raging here because the next day when we were at Castaway Key, another massive rainstorm swept across the island. And the good thing is we'd actually gotten a cabana and we were able to close all the doors and windows, which I didn't know was a thing before. So, yay for learning new things. But after we were all closed up inside the cabana, we basically sat there for an hour and a half just waiting for the rain to let up, even a little. [music] And it did. like the rain never fully went away, but we eventually had to accept that fact and go swimming regardless because at least there wasn't any lightning or massive winds. So, here's what I have to say about my stormy port days now that I've experienced them in [music] absolute full force. One, if you're keeping an eye on the weather and you're afraid that your port adventure is going to be majorly impacted, cancellations can be made up to 3 days prior to your departure date. But after that time, all sales are final and non-refundable. My family knew that. We understood the risk in holding out and we gambled regardless. It wasn't Disney's fault. It wasn't Atlantis's fault. It was the weathers and the weather will do what the weather wants to do, especially in the Caribbean during hurricane season. And two, as frustrating as this kind of situation is, try your best to get the most out of those port days that you can manage. Visit the gift shops and hunker down and go eat somewhere or maybe enjoy some extra time on the ship back at one of the lounges or something. Entertainment still happens on board even during port days. Most importantly, set expectations accordingly, especially if you plan on cruising during hurricane season. So, what do you do when the rain's got you down? Go back to your stateateroom and have some relaxing TV time and maybe some room service while you're at it. Now, my family and I had some cozy, rainy afternoons and evenings in our stateateroom. And during that time, we bonded over three channels. Not even joking about this. The first, the bridge cam. This is a channel that lets you spy on everyone who goes out and around the front of the ship when you're on those Triton class ships. Sounds weird, I know, and it is kind of. Don't overthink it. Just enjoy the people watching. And uh if you happen to be around the front of the ship yourself, you should smile cuz you're on cruise line camera. The second is the activities channel. There are actually two cruise line activities channels that you can turn to which help you plan out the rest of your day. One's going to show you the day's activities and the other will show you specific times. So, you've got kind of like the one that tells you more about the activities and then the one that just gives you the grid of what's happening when, right? You can also check your navigator app for cruise line itinerary updates, but it's fun to have the activities channel playing in the background while you're chilling in your stateateroom accompanied by that lovely Disney instrumental music. And the third channel is the stage show channel. If there's ever a reason you're going to have to miss one of those Broadway style stage shows that takes place in the Walt Disney Theater, there is a channel on your stateroom that'll play the shows in the evening for you. [music] And as you know, we've had a couple of trips where we've had, you know, a sick kid and haven't been able to go to the shows and so we watch him in the room. Now, this isn't something I necessarily just learned, but it is something that I've been recently putting into practice even more. I used to do this a lot during 2020 and 2021 during kind of all the COVID craziness when cast members and crew members were just being annihilated by guests every day. and that's to bring thank you [music] notes and to thank the cast members and crew members who have made your trip something [music] extra special. But first, let's do a little Disney Cruise gratuitities review so you know kind of what the required thank yous are when when it comes to what you have to do after getting to know your server. You are required to give gratuitities to several of the folks who are helping you out during your cruise. You can customize that gratuitity for servers and assistant servers, stateateroom hosts and assistant stateoom hosts. And you'll need to add prepaid gratuitities to your Disney Cruise Line reservation. Now, here's the catch. If you don't set a prepaid amount for gratuitities, Disney will automatically charge this suggested gratuitity to your onboard account and assume you're okay with that, which is $16 per night per stateoom guest, including infants and children. The places where gratuitity is not factored out in advance are for many other additional services like spas and lounges and signature restaurants. The amount you tip there is entirely up to you or in some cases automatically tacked onto your bill. We want to make sure to always thank the crew members who put so much into making our trips magical. So, I tend to bring some extra cash on board and thank you notes, little kind of cruise themed thank you notes to leave with those crew members who have made a huge difference in our trip. and I make sure that they know how much we appreciate what they've done. So, that's a good thing to do just if someone has done an incredible job and you want to thank them a little bit above and beyond. Now, this isn't something I just learned, but it was something I was rudely reminded of and it was not pleasant. You may not think going on a jog during your cruise is going to be an activity you'd be super stoked for, but the running decks offered on the cruises are actually one of my favorite places to go on board. First of all, lots of guests don't even realize that the walking and jogging track is there, so you'll often have a lot of space for yourself. Secondly, the jogging and walking track can sometimes take you past some really unique spots on the ship. For instance, on select Disney cruise ships, there's a port hole along the track that actually looks into some of the ship's kitchens. So, these little trails can wind up weaving you past some behind the scenes areas that you wouldn't have experienced otherwise. Plus, sometimes when I'm on a ship and I feel like I'm a little stuck, it's nice to get outside and walk around. I always try to walk every single day. It helps me with my mental health, and so that's something that I always look forward to doing. [music] However, when it comes to the running deck on the wish and the treasure on those Triton class ships, things get lame. Instead of having a continuous track like the other four ships have on deck 4, the wish and treasures track is broken up. So you have to go up various stairs and crossovers and sometimes they're completely cut off so you can only go like half the ship and then you have to turn around and go backwards. I'm not a fan of the setup at all. But you might still want to at least walk around it to check things out. But it's very frustrating to me to not have like a full circle. So heads up on that if you are an outdoor walker. That's something to know about on those newer ships. Again, an [music] important and jarring reminder here. Disney Cruise Line gift shops on the ships are only open while you're out at sea. So, if you're thinking you're going to hold off on all your shopping until you're at a port of call, you might find yourself awfully disappointed. If you're like me, then the things you want or need from the cruise gift shop are always when it's least convenient. So, the night before you dock, stock. Now, I don't know how y'all feel about towel animals or if towel animals have ever crossed your mind, but I love them and I love coming back to my stateateroom to see new towel animals occupying the space and doing hilarious things. So, my family and I thought it'd be fun to grab some towel animal inspired magnets to decorate our stateateroom door with. And you know what? It was super fun. We grabbed those off Amazon and decked out our door. So, it was the most unique one in the whole hallway. Now, I didn't pay attention to the other hallways, but I can at least say we were pretty standout in ours. Those towel animal magnets also let our stateateroom host know how much we love and appreciate towel animals, and they really went above and beyond to give us some super unique animals to return to every morning and night. We got snakes that wore our clothing and read our books, and this massive guy that I don't even know what he was, but he was big and he was super funny looking. Love that guy. Don't worry, even if you don't have towel animal magnets like we did, your stateateroom host is still going to surprise you every now and then with a white plush buddy after they clean up and refresh the room for you. And get this, on select Disney cruises, you might even be able to take a towel animal folding class during the day. How cool is that? I want that superpower. But if there's not a towel animal folding class that's going to be happening during your cruise, you can always buy a towel animal plushy from your ship's gift shop, which I am a total sucker and absolutely did. This is nice because then you get to bring that one home with you. Okay, that was quite a cruise even though it was only three nights. [laughter] It was the best of times and the stormiest of times for the fam and me. But overall, we still enjoyed the time off and are already busy brainstorming what cruise we want to take next. We got a lot more Disney Cruise content coming your way soon. So stay tuned. Check out all the cruise videos we've already got up for you on the channel, like everything you don't want to miss on Disney Cruise Line. And don't forget to download our free Disney cruise ultimate guide at [music] disneyfoodblog.com/cruise planning. Thanks for listening everyone. Thanks for watching. I'm sorry this was a little personal one, but every once in a while I got to tell you what I learned on my last trip. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Vlog and I'll see you real soon.
