---
video_id: wjOAsIoFoEc
channel: DFBGuide
title: "50 Disney World Lightning Lane Tips"
published: 2026-04-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjOAsIoFoEc
---
Which Lightning Lanes are the best Lightning lanes? How can you get them for cheaper? And what's the best way to use Lightning Lanes for specific popular rides? We're loading you up with Lightning Lane tips before your Disney World vacation today on DFB Guide. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. So, Lightning Lanes, these are a pretty big deal in Disney World. their premium add-ons that allow you to skip the standby lines across select attractions to help reduce your overall weight times, right? Everybody whines about the lines in Disney World, and this is how you can book them. And while you don't have to purchase Lightning Lanes, they could save your vacation if you don't want to have to worry about spending a whole lot of extra time waiting around in those uber long ride cues. So, today we're going to give you a bunch of tips and tricks and little known Lightning Lane hacks to build up your repertoire. After all, we're in the parks every single day. We test out lots of theories with lightning lanes, and this video is the result. Let's start off today's tip video with a super speedy lightning lane summary, showing you the three different Lightning Lane options you can potentially invest in. And if you want a more in-depth look at these dudes, you're more than welcome to pick up our free guide on maximizing Lightning Lanes. You can scan the QR code on the screen right now or click on the link in the description for Disneyfoodblog.com/multipass. after this and you'll have that free guide all to yourself. Okay, option number one, Multipass. If you're planning on using Lightning Lanes, this option is going to be the one you more than likely will lean on the most. Multipass allows you to access Lightning Lanes at select attractions across all of the parks. I think it's over 40 of them right now. And you're allowed to hold up to three Lightning lanes at all times. Option number two, single pass. Single pass is your more allocart choice allowing you to pay for lightning lane access for individual rides at the more popular attractions. Currently there's one single pass ride available in each park besides Magic Kingdom which has two. You can purchase up to two Lightning Lane single passes per park day, but you can't purchase two passes for the same ride on a single day. Option number three is Premier Pass. If the mere thought of waiting in a line makes you shudder, then Premiier Pass might be the right fit for you. This is the highest price lightning lane option of the three, but it will give you the ability to skip the line at each participating Lightning Lane attraction, multipass and single pass, both once per day without having to worry about making advanced selections or new selections throughout your park visit. You'll just walk up to the ride, scan in, and go. Now, no matter which Lightning Lane option you choose, multipass, single pass, Premier Pass, they will go live to purchase either 7 days before your Disney hotel check-in, or 3 days before your park visit if you're not staying at a Disney hotel. And those will go live right at 7:00 a.m. Eastern. But you can actually complete some important steps before that 7 a.m. Lightning Lane drop to make sure you don't have to waste any time the day of. Not only should you have your park tickets purchased before Lightning Lanes go live, but you'll also want to link all your group members to your My Disney Experience account who'll be using Lightning Lanes with you. That way, you don't have to do all that linking when the clock strikes 7. And it'll give you the chance to connect everybody up really easily, so you can get everyone a Lightning Lane instead of just you. If you don't know how to link your group, we have step-by-step instructions for you on our DFB website. So, I'll go ahead and link that down in the description for you. The great thing about Lightning Lanes in Disney World, you have the freedom to purchase as many or as few as you want to. So, your schedule could look a little something like this. For Magic Kingdom, you might want multi pass and both single pass options. For Hollywood Studios, you might just pick multipass. For Epcot, maybe you just choose the single pass for Guardians of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind. And for Animal Kingdom, you skip the Lightning Lanes entirely because you're only planning on being here for a few short hours anyways. Of course, that's just an example, but the point is you can customize your Lightning Lane purchases however you want to, and I'll show you a few more solid Lightning Lane recommendations through today's video to help get your creative park planning juices flowing. For the most part, the only way you'll have access to that 7-day pre-selection, pre- purchase Lightning Lane window is by booking a Disney World hotel. However, there are a few other partner hotels nearby that also have the 7-day window advantage. Those include the Shades of Green Resort for US military members and their families and the Walt Disney World Swan and Dolphin hotels owned by Marriott. But what if I told you you actually didn't need to book a Disney World hotel or applicable partner hotel at all to get those early Lightning Lane pre- selections locked in? If you aren't going to be a hotel guest, but you're still planning on purchasing a multi-day theme park ticket, you'll be able to select the start date for your ticket right at your purchase. Now, stick with me because this is a hack you're going to want to know. This is going to open up a window of time where your tickets will be applicable to use. And that window will stretch out across more days than what your multi-day ticket is set up for, just to give you more wiggle room to plan your itinerary how you want to. So, for example, my 4-day park ticket is going to cover a window of 7 days. But I can use my park tickets anytime I want to within that 7-day time frame. Whether it be right at the beginning or towards the end of the window or sprinkled throughout with breaks in between. This is where the Lightning Lane hack comes in. While Multipass allows you to pre-select your Lightning Lanes 3 days before your first park day, this multi-day ticket window means you can actually pre-book your Lightning Lanes 3 days before the first day of eligibility, not just 3 days before you plan to use your ticket. In layman's terms, if you book a multi-day ticket and you select its start time for Monday, but you don't actually plan on using your park tickets till Wednesday, your 3-day Lightning Lane window will still open up on Friday regardless. Now, honestly, this is one of the best multipass pre-selection tips of all time, but like the last one, it's kind of hard to get your head around, so stick with me. When you're using Multipass for any park besides Animal Kingdom, you can pre-seelelect three Lightning Lanes before you go. One from tier 1, those are the most popular rides, and two from tier 2, the still great but not as popular attractions. Kind of like me in high school. I was basically the junior high equivalent of like Mickey's Filler Magic. By the way, the reason you can't use this hack at Animal Kingdom is because Disney's Animal Kingdom doesn't have ride tears. But once you tap into your very first lightning lane of the day, the tier rules disappear and all the lightning lanes become fair game, same level, which means you can potentially hold three tier one selections at the same time if you play your cards right. The move is to pre-book one of your three tier 2 selections for a ride that you can hop on first thing in the morning. Use it right when you walk in and let that tap in unlock the full multipass menu for the rest of the day. And I know the tip title says to book a burner Lightning Lane, aka a Lightning Lane that you know will have the earliest return time because not as many people prioritize it. But you don't necessarily have to settle for a burner selection that you're indifferent about. For example, Haunted Mansion is one of our favorite burner picks in Magic Kingdom. It's popular enough that using it doesn't feel like a throwaway, but it still tends to have early morning pre-selection options that'll help free up those tier 1 rides ASAP. I'm not kidding you when I say you can book your next multi pass immediately after you scan in for the last one. We're talking just as soon as you enter the queue. You start booking those next Lightning Lanes right as the last person in your group taps in. But don't panic if the My Disney Experience app doesn't allow you to make pre-selections yet. While most rides will, some might have two Lightning Lane tap-in areas that you'll need to walk through first before you're eligible for your next selections, which is what I've run into in the past for attractions like Tower of Terror and Hollywood Studios and Peter Pan's Flight for Magic Kingdom. So, two tap styles means that you got to tap twice before you can book that next ride. So, let's say you're in the parks and you're getting ready to book more Lightning Lanes throughout your day. Of course, tier one rides tend to book up the fastest, so you'll want to prioritize collecting those first if you want them. But then, when you're moving on to tier 2 rides, which ones should you avoid prioritizing because they just don't seem to book up nearly as quickly as the others? Well, I had our DFB reporters go in and collect the Lightning Lane data on this, and this is what they found out. In Magic Kingdom, Demo the Flying Elephant consistently has the least popular Lightning Lane for rides. As far as shows are concerned, Monsters Inc. Laugh floor actually books up the latest, averaging 7:35 p.m. But Phil Our Magic isn't too far behind with an average full book up time of 6:30 p.m. And in Epcot, Living with the Land often has the least popular Lightning Lane for rides. Fully booking up on average around 7:40 p.m., but this rule gets thrown out the window around the holidays once Living with the Land gets its glimmering green houses overlay that everyone wants to check out. When it comes to Epcot shows, the least popular Lightning Lane is going to be the Disney and Pixar Short Film Festival, which fully books up on average by 7:50 p.m. In Hollywood Studios, the only choice that typically remains open until the 7:00 hour is Star Tours, which has an average sellout time of 7:50 p.m. The shows in Hollywood Studios with Lightning Lane capabilities all have scheduled return times to accommodate more specific show time frames. So, the average Lightning Lanes sellout point doesn't quite work here. That being said, Lightning Lanes tend to be less popular for shows like Beauty and the Beast live on stage and Indiana Jones Epic Stunt Spectacular just cuz their outdoor bleacher seating accommodates a whole lot of people at once and the need for lightning lanes not really as demanding. And in Animal Kingdom, since the park closes earliest of all four, usually around 6 or 7, its latest available Lightning Lane on average is Expedition Everest at 4:20, which could be because it's intimidating for kids, or it has fairly reliable single rider lines when you're in a pinch. Much like Hollywood Studios, the two-stage shows in Animal Kingdom have scheduled showtime, so their Lightning Lane sellout averages work a little differently. But Zootopia Better Together is a show that runs constantly with a Lightning Lane demand that's less demanding despite it being a newer attraction. Expect Lightning Lanes for this one to fully book up on average by 2 p.m. Okay, but the flip side of things. Which tier 2 Lightning lanes tend to book up the fastest during your park day? Here's what our reporters found out. On average, Toy Story Mania and Hollywood Studios has Lightning Lanes that get snatched up by 11:00 a.m., which is why it's a great tier 2 pre-selection option. In Epcot, the second tier options are literally nothing to stress over unless you're visiting during a super busy season, like around Christmas or spring break, but Mission Space might be a good tier 2 option since on average, it books up by 6:00 p.m. daily. And yes, that's the earliest a tier 2 option tends to book up on a normal crowd level day in Epcot. So, be sure to prioritize those tier ones above all else first. And in Magic Kingdom, surprisingly enough, The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh has the tendency to book up faster than the other tier 2 options, usually by 1:30 p.m. Though, I will say I have a caveat for this that I will talk about later on, so stay tuned. Currently, Animal Kingdom doesn't have a whole lot of multipass options that'll help you skip over ride lines. But if there's one Lightning Lane we tend to prioritize above all the rest, it's that single pass lightning lane for Flight of Passage. While you can still try to use your early theme park entry perk, which allows Disney hotel guests a 30inut head start in the parks to book it over to Flight of Passage first, that's what 99% of the people are going to be doing who also have this perk to use. So the lines can still get pretty long for it right at the start of the day. But with a single pass lightning lane already locked in for Flight of Passage, you can avoid that early theme park entry crowd altogether and hit up a different ride during that 30inut head start instead like Na'vi River Journey or Expedition Everest or Kilamanjaro Safaris. Those should all be walk-ons during this time. Early theme park entry works differently in Magic Kingdom. When you're at a park like Hollywood Studios, every ride will be open during early theme park entry. But over at Magic Kingdom, only the rides in Fantasy Land and Tomorrowland are going to be open for that 30 minute head start, except for Tron, but we're going to talk a little more about Tron strategies later on. If you're using early theme park entry, consider which ride you're going to prioritize during that extra 30 minutes because you might want to skip making a Lightning Lane pre-selection for it in exchange for a different ride that you won't be prioritizing during early entry. For example, Peter Pants Flight in Fantasy Land and Space Mountain in Tomorrowland are both tier 1 pre-selections that are also open during early theme park entry. So, if you decide to book a pre-selection for Peter Pants Flight, consider using your early theme park entry for Space Mountain instead, or vice versa. Or grab a tier one Lightning Lane for a ride that you know won't be open during the early theme park entry time like Jungle Cruise in Adventure Land or Tiana's Bayou Adventure in Frontier Land or Big Thunder Mountain Railroad also in Frontier Land which is slated to reopen in May 2026. According to Disney, the My Disney Experience System will recommend arrival windows that work with your plans, including advanced dining reservations, so you can avoid overlapping bookings. But this isn't necessarily a flawless system, and it could still lead you astray if you're not careful. Here's an example that comes straight from one of our DFB reporters. A reporter had an advanced dining reservation set up for Spice Road Table in Epcot at 11:30 a.m., but then she went to make a Lightning Lane selection for Living with the Land. This one can get hopping, especially around the holidays for that exact same time. The app wouldn't let her make this Lightning Lane selection because of her overlapping advanced dining reservation, but it recommended a different Lightning Lane return window starting at 11:10 a.m. to 12:10 p.m., which still fell into her advanced dining reservations time frame. And if you think 20 minutes would be enough to hop on Living with the Land and then book it over to Spice Road Table, then you may not realize how long of a boat ride Living with the Land actually is or how far away the ride is located from the restaurant since Spice Road is literally all the way over in the Morocco Pavilion on the opposite side of the park. So yeah, that wasn't happening. Fortunately though, the My Disney Experience app still shows you all the plans that you have going on each day, so you can easily adjust any times you need if you accidentally make reservations that overlap. Along the same lines, if multi pass Lightning lanes are going to be an absolute priority during your next trip, then I'd skip out on making any sort of breakfast table service reservations if I were you. Again, morning is prime real estate for multipass free selections. And if you're having to work around an early morning sitown meal, you're probably going to miss out on getting as many multipass selections as you possibly can during your day. Because Lightning Lanes use a surge pricing system, prices do fluctuate daily. But you can check on Lightning Lane prices beforehand by pretending you're going to buy them. Here's what I mean by that. On the main My Disney Experience page, tap on the purchase button under the Lightning Lane header. This is going to pull up a calendar for you featuring updated Lightning Lane prices for up to three weeks out. Just tap on whichever days you want to learn more about and then tap on the park you want to check out to reveal its prices for that day. Lightning Lane prices don't just change by day, though. They change by park, too. Animal Kingdom typically has the cheapest Lightning lanes of the four parks, while Magic Kingdom has the most expensive ones. Now, fortunately, you are more than welcome to park hop with a multi pass. You just have to make sure all your pre-selections are kept to one park only. Your first park to start out with. Then once you scan into your first ride of the day, the multi pass world is your oyster and you can book whatever multipass lightning lanes are available in any of the parks as long as you've got that park hopper ticket already purchased. And that means you can technically purchase an Animal Kingdom multipass and still make selections for Magic Kingdom Lightning Lanes during your theme park day if you're looking to save a few bucks. The gamble here is assuming that the most popular Magic Kingdom rides will still be available for you to book on the day of your visit, which may not be the case if pre-selection crowds get to them first. So, that few bucks you save could actually be a burn in the end. Officially, a Lightning Lane entry period lasts 1 hour. That's what Disney tells you, and that's what shows up in the app. But what Disney doesn't tell you is that you actually get a little more wiggle room than that. Our DFB reporters have run into issues where they weren't able to scan into a lightning lane during their 1-hour window because of reportery duties. And they've come to find out that if you scan in just under 3 hours after your window opens, you'll still get the green light of approval. But if you go past 3 hours, that's when you get that blue warning flash that tells you your time is up. Two warnings with this tip, though. First, Disney could always change how this works in the future. So, it's still best to scan into your Lightning Lane within that hour window if you can. And second, if you book Lightning Lanes for a show instead of a ride, the 3-hour window doesn't apply. When you book Lightning Lanes for a show, those aren't drop at anytime experiences. You're making Lightning Lanes for a set showtime. So, don't miss out. If you've ever used the old Disney Genie Plus service, which is how Lightning Lanes used to be distributed, then you're probably familiar with those now defunct Lightning Lane stacking rules that help you hold on to more Lightning Lanes at once. But as it turns out, stacking isn't as defunct as we thought it was. Once the first hour of your current Lightning Lane window passes, the app treats it like it's used, which gives you the chance to go ahead and book your next one. Don't worry, booking your next Lightning Lane won't get rid of the one with the expired window. So, still make your way over to that next ride ASAP with your 3-hour safety net as your guide, and feel confident knowing you're still beating the system, even if you're running a little behind. Epcot has three tier 1 lightning lanes you can choose from during the pre-selection process. Frozen Ever After, Test Track, or Remy's Ratatouille Adventure. But let's say you want to ride all three. So, which one do you for sure prioritize as a pre-selection? Well, I'd choose Frozen Ever After if I were you. Not only did Frozen Ever After recently update their animatronics, so now the ride is more popular than ever, but Test Track and Remy's Ratatouille Adventure both have single rider lines to help you if you really need a quick free solution to possibly bypass those main cues. Another bonus for getting multipass that's not as well known as the skip the ride line service itself is that you'll get free on ride photo pass downloads all day long on the day of each multipass purchase. But which rides are you going to want to prioritize to collect as many of these free downloads as possible? Here's a speedy list featuring them all. In Magic Kingdom, there's Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin, Haunted Mansion, Seven Dwarfs Mine Train, Pirates of the Caribbean, Tron Light Cycle Run, Tiana's Bayou Adventure, and Space Mountain. For Hollywood Studios, you've got Rock and Roller Coaster that'll soon be starring the Muppets. Tower of Terror, and Slinky Dog Dash. For Epcot, there's Frozen Ever After, Cosmic Rewind, and Test Track. And for Animal Kingdom, you've only got Expedition Everest, but at least you'll get to prove that you survived a Yeti encounter. Disney World has been seeing a lot of ride changes lately, and it'll continue to do so in the future as new lands start coming to life. Starting with Pablo Esparonza slated to open in Animal Kingdom by 2027. This means the Lightning Lane multi pass tiers you're seeing now could switch up on you before your next visit. So never assume the tiers are set in stone. We've seen them swip swap before and I know we'll see them do it again. Let's say you've been struggling to find a Lightning Lane for Frozen Ever After in Epcot, but after a few app refreshes, it finally pops up. Hooray. Unfortunately, the Lightning Lane return time being offered is for the last hour of the park day, which also coincides with your sister-in-law's big birthday dinner at the Cake Bake Shop at Disney's Boardwalk Inn. She probably wouldn't be too happy if you ditched her for Anna and Elsa. Despite the overlap, you'll want to grab that lightning lane anyways because you might be able to modify the time for it once you have it. Once you have a lightning lane locked in, tap on the pre-selection and select its modified time in the popup. This will take you to a new screen where you can modify the experience by either choosing a new time or choosing a new experience. Obviously, in this hypothetical scenario, we're going to press our luck and try to get a new time. Select whatever time the app gives you to modify the selection, even if it's still not quite what you want. Then, you'll be taken to a screen to review the details of your selection. On this page, find the attraction again, and you'll see a modified time option in blue text again. Tap on this and hopefully you'll be able to see even more available times listed out for you that work with your theme park itinerary even better. And if you don't, well, refresh and try again. As mentioned before, new lightning lanes might become available as people's plans change throughout the day, right? And some of the more popular outdoor lightning lanes might pop up even more when it starts getting stormy or drizzly out. people panic, drop those lightning lanes, and switch them out for something they're more guaranteed to ride indoors. But here's the thing, many of Orlando's rainstorms don't tend to last all day. So, if you missed your chance to grab a Slinky Dog Dash Lightning Lane before, the rain might actually work in your favor and free up one for you to use later on, back when the sun is shining again. Modifying Lightning Lane reservations isn't just about getting the best return times or the best rides. It's also about accommodating you and your family. For example, let's say you've got lighting lanes locked in for the Barntormer in Magic Kingdom for around 2:00 in the afternoon, which is also when your kid is used to taking their daily naps back home. If your kid is absolutely pitching a fit right before your 2 p.m. window goes live, then it's probably in everyone's best interest to modify that return window and pick an alternative one for a little later on in the day if it's available. cuz hopefully by then the vibes in the group will be better and everyone will have maybe gotten some rest or gotten out of the sun and filled up on some snacks and some hydration for a little extra energy. Basically, what I'm saying is sometimes you have to ditch the collect as many Lightning lanes as you can strategy if it's going to cause irreparable damage to the vibes, right? You'll be much better off trying to keep everyone in a good mood versus forcing kids to ride backtoback rides when they're over stimulated and exhausted. When you open your My Disney Experience app, scroll down just an inch on the main page and summon the Disney Genie. He might not help hook you up with Lightning Lanes like you used to a few years ago, but he can still make the Lightning Lane selection process easier for you. First, choose the park you'll be visiting, as well as the day you're planning on being there. This is going to lead you to a page where you can start selecting your top choice attractions. Select the ones that appeal to you the most and then hit continue. Now, when you open the app and you see the view my plans option, you'll just tap on that and your plans for the day should have your top rides listed at the top of the page so they're easier to find when you go to make your next Lightning Lane selection. Now, take my pre-selection advice that I gave you for multi passes and chuck it away for a second because finding early morning return times for a Tron single pass so isn't the strategy you want to use for this ride. For starters, since a single pass is an alloc cart option, you really don't need to book it right at the start of your day in order to unlock more lightning lanes, right? It's going to be a one and done, so you might as well choose the return time that works best for you and gives you the best ride. But more important than that, the Tron grid is all lit up after the sun sets, making for a much cooler ride experience. Though Tron is admittedly totally rad all day long, it's just more rad when you can see it operate at its full potential. And that means the crowds are going to spike around evening time at this ride because it's hard to resist the glow of the grid. So, not only will a later return window for your single pass put you at Tron during its coolest time to ride, it'll also put you there when demand is at its highest, making the Lightning Lane price tag more worth the investment. If you're in Hollywood Studios and you're trying to choose just one Lightning Lane option to help you save money, either a multi-pass purchase or a single pass purchase for Rise of the Resistance, I might heir on the side of multipass. Why? Because Hollywood Studios is a park with a lot of e attractions. So having as many Lightning Lane options as possible for this park will definitely be in your best interest. Not only that, but if you're staying at a Disney owned hotel and you're planning on using early theme park entry anyway, you can get in line for Rise of the Resistance before the crowds get really, really significant after the first hour of the day. And if all else fails, Rise of the Resistance often opens up a single rider line that could break up your group and unfortunately have you bypass the pre-show, but it'll still help you skip over the bulk of the main queue at no extra cost. And since we're making big decisions here, let's say you're trying to pick one single pass lightning lane to purchase in Magic Kingdom instead of purchasing both of them since that can get a little expensive for just two rides. Which one should you choose for your group? Seven Dwarfs Mine Train or Tron Light Cycle Run? Well, assuming everyone in your group is tall enough to ride both and they all want to ride both, I'd say Tron is probably the safest to go with since Seven Dwarfs Mine Train does open during early theme park entry, while Tron doesn't open until the park opens for everyone. And like I mentioned before, grabbing single pass return times for Tron for later in the evening when the grid is all lit up tends to feel more worth the asking price. However, if you've got younger riders in your group, Seven Dwarfs might still be the way to go since Tron requires you to be at least 48 in to ride and Seven Dwarfs only wants you to be 38. Now, speaking of, it sure would be a bummer to invest in Lightning Lanes for your family that not everyone can use. So, make sure to double check height requirements for all the rides before you commit to any Lightning Lane purchases. Magic Kingdom has the most everyone can ride attractions, so multi passes might be worth the splurge here if you've got younger members in your group. That being said, it's still a good idea to double check on those rides, which is why we've got a Magic Kingdom rides and attractions video live on the channel now to help you do just that. Disney wants you to buy Lightning Lanes. So, when tourism is getting slow, like during back to school season for instance, those surge lightning lane prices are going to drop down to make them seem more appealing. Multipass tends to start at $15 per day in Disney World, but has the potential to get as high as 39 or more per day. So, when you're seeing multi or single pass prices at the higher end of their price spectrum, that usually means Lightning Lanes are going to be more in demand. That means crowds are going to be higher and that means it's more worth the investment. And that's why if I were you, I'd definitely plan a budget for Lightning Lanes that hovers around the more expensive end of the spectrum versus the lower end since higher price lightning lanes equals more of a reason to book them. The most expensive Lightning Lane days tend to happen around Run Disney race weekends, spring break, which usually kicks off mid-March, Fourth of July weekend, any three to four day holiday weekend, Thanksgiving week, and the week before, during, and after Christmas. Slow seasons at Disney World are different from slow seasons at other theme parks. Maybe every now and then you'll run into a walk up wait time in the middle of the afternoon, but more often than not, Disney's less busy times of the year can still see ride weight times that spike 20, 30, 45 plus minutes. So, if you have kids who absolutely cannot stand any sort of waiting, or you've got an older member of your group who's going to be exhausted standing in any sort of halfhour lines, or you're simply just trying to get as much done as possible in a single trip since you don't know when or if you're coming back, don't gamble on whether or not ride lines are going to work in your favor. Just save for the lightning lanes anyways and save everyone a whole lot of heartache. By the time you watch this, Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin may have finally reopened in Magic Kingdom after several grueling months of major reurbs. We've gotten the chance to ride Space Ranger Spin again. And let me just say, this blaster attraction's looking better than ever, and Buddy the Robot is everything we wanted him to be. Now, normally I tend to recommend Pirates of the Caribbean, Haunted Mansion, or even The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh as solid tier 2 pre-selection options, but something tells me people are going to be really excited to defend the galaxy alongside Buzz again. So, you might want to rethink your pre-selection strategy and add Space Ranger Spin as one of your options instead right now. Okay. Technically, you can use this strategy for way more rides than just Slinky Dog and Hollywood Studios, but I love Slinky, so we're going to use him as the main example right now. If you pre-select a tier one Lightning Lane for Slinky Dog Dash, you can't make more Lightning Lanes for Slinky Dog throughout the day. Once you use a Lightning Lane for a ride, that's it. You're done. However, that doesn't mean you're subjected to only riding a superb ride like good old Slink once. While many folks might use early theme park entry to get in line for Rise of the Resistance, you could veer off and get in line during this extra 30 minutes of time for Slinky Dog Dash instead. That way, you'll wait in a shortened line for this family coaster before the park officially opens for everyone else, and then you can skip the bulk of the queue later on in the day with your Lightning Lane privilege. I love riding Slinky Dog first thing in the morning and then at night cuz it feels like a completely different ride and that's super fun. That's two ride-throughs, minimum weights, and a whole lot of wheezy musical serenades. Super eager to ride that ride. Yeah, me too. Much like you have a safety net after your hour lightning lane window is up, you may also have a slight, very slight 5minute head start grace period before your lightning lane window begins. If you scan in any earlier than that, you're going to get that blue warning circle at the lightning lane tap style. But once you're 5 minutes away from your Lightning Lane return window, you're more than welcome to start scanning in and get to riding if you just so happen to already be in the neighborhood. Rider Swap is a free service available for anyone who has any members in their group who can't ride a certain ride, but who also can't be left alone while everybody else rides. The short of it, Rider Swap allows one person to wait behind with the non-rider while the rest of the group waits in the main queue. Then after the rest of the group is done, they'll tag team in the person who waited behind to go next. But thanks to rider swap, that person in your group who waited with the non-rider can just skip over the main queue since the rest of their group already did all of that waiting for them. To use rider swap, ask the cast member at the front of the ride to get it all set up for you. But how does this work with lightning lanes? I mean, it's basically the same thing. You just replace having group A wait in the main queue and you send them through the lightning lane queue instead before tag teaming in group B. But here's the kind of sort of catch. Everyone must have lightning lanes purchased in order to use rider swap with your lightning lanes. So for example, a mom and dad can't just buy one multipass and assume it'll cover both of them thanks to the rider swap system. Mom and dad both need multipass purchased otherwise they'll only be able to use rider swap for the main q-ine weights and that's all. I know it's kind of confusing. Ask your questions in the comments. I promise we'll get to them. Lightning lanes don't only help you skip over ride lines. They can help you skip over stage show lines, too. Using a lightning lane for a stage show is similar to how you'd use it for a ride in the way that it allows you to skip over the main standby queue. But a lightning lane will also allow you to enter a theater early and or sit in a Lightning Lane designated VIP section, which tends to have the best views. Not always, but sometimes. To be really real with you, you more than likely won't need a Lightning Lane for a stage show, but I will say they can be nice to have for those Animal Kingdom shows like Finding Nemo, The Big Blue and Beyond, and The Festival of the Lion King, since it'll help keep you from having to wait too terribly long in those unshaded outdoor show lines. And they can also be handy dandy for Hollywood Studios newish stage show, The Little Mermaid, A Musical Adventure, where the theater tends to fill up real quickly on busier days. But again, I'd still focus on knocking out lightning lanes for the rides first if shortening your ride weight times is your true ultimate goal of a multipass purchase. Mostly when you scan in for a lightning lane, you'll get that magical little ding ding ding sparkle sound of approval. And that's great, but keep your ears open for other more unexpected scanin sounds that'll help set the mood even more before the ride. For example, Haunted Mansion has a scan-in point that sounds like spooky, scary ghost music. For starters, yes, international guests can absolutely use Lightning Lanes during their Disney World vacations, but the pre-selection process works differently. International guests won't be able to purchase Lightning Lane passes or take advantage of the pre-planning options until they arrive in the United States, even if the 7-day planning window begins before that time. Which means as an overseas guest, you might want to consider flying into the Orlando area or literally anywhere else in the States, a little bit before your Disney World vacation begins so that you can have those early pre-selection options available for you, too. All that said, Canadian residents are the exception to this rule. The pre-selection process for you works exactly the same as those who are already in the United States. So, don't worry about arriving in Orlando any earlier than you need to. Let's say you got your multipass lightning lanes all lined up, all nice, neat, and orderly when suddenly giant rainstorm strikes and shuts down all the outdoor rides which made up two out of your three Lightning Lane choices. If a ride goes down during your Lightning Lane return window for whatever reason, your My Disney Experience app should assign you an experience redemption pass. This is basically a wildcard of the Multipass universe. You can use it at any time on any other multipass lightning lane attraction that you want to use it on. That could mean hitting up a completely different ride immediately, even if that means using your pass on a ride that you've already used a lightning lane for earlier. Or you could hang on to the experience redemption for the time being in the hopes that you could ride the ride you were wanting to use the Lightning Lane once it comes back online. Sometimes, and I'm not saying this is a good idea, this is a giant gamble, my friends, but I'm going to throw it in here anyway. Some of our team members like to find the time frames of the day that it's predicted to have rainstorms or big storms and make a lightning lane for an outdoor ride just to see if they can get a redemption pass. I know, not a good idea. Not everyone should do it, but just throwing that out there. Now, when it comes to single pass shutdowns, the experience redemption that'll pop up in your My Disney Experience app will give you the chance to return to said single pass ride once it's back online, just that one. But if it never goes back online, what happens then? Do you just have to call it a loss? More than likely, Disney will automatically refund you. But if you don't see a refund pop up and you're coming towards the end of your day with no single pass ride reopening in sight, I'd reach out to a guest relations cast member whom you can find toward the front of the park or at one of the pop-up blue tents stationed around the parks. Lightning lanes can be one of the greatest tools to use during your trip, but can also become one of the biggest heartbreaks if something glitches and erases your pre-selections. That's why, and I can't stress this enough, you need to take screenshots as soon as you confirm a lightning lane selection just to cover your hide. That way, if technology does decide to fail you and choose violence, and you head over to guest services to try and work things out instead of panic, which of course is what you're going to do, you'll have the evidence that you at one point held a lightning lane time that's now MIA. and that will majorly help the guest experience team as they try to work on a solution for you. There are multiple ways to scan in for your lightning lanes, but one of the most popular ways is through a Magic Band or a Magic Band Plus. Comes in pretty handy and keeps you from having to retrieve your phone out of your pocket or your physical park ticket out of your wallet constantly. But if you don't want to purchase a Magic Band, you are able to use an Apple Watch if you have one to scan into your Lightning Lanes instead, since they can store your theme park ticket in your digital wallet, too. Premier Pass is pricey. We're talking hundreds of dollars per day per person. Pricey, it's also not Park Hopper friendly. You can only book Premiier Pass for one park per day. Otherwise, you'll still have to pay for multipass if you want to keep using Lightning Lanes at other parks on the same day, which can feel like a huge waste of money. Premier Pass is definitely the best add-on for those who want to make sure they're covering as much as they can in a single park on a single visit. But otherwise, you can just stick with Multipass for an option that's way cheaper and park hopper compatible. All right, back to park hoppers again. Of course, you're going to want to do park hopping, lightning lane combo strategies that make the most sense for you. But if you're truly looking for the most convenient combo strategy, my recommendation is to use Lightning Lanes on your Epcot and Hollywood Studios park hopping day, because the Skylliner makes traveling between the two parks a lot easier. First, pre-select Lightning Lanes for Epcot. Then, as you scan in to use those pre-selections, make new selections for Hollywood Studios rides. By the time you're ready to hop on the Skyliner and ride over to Hollywood Studios, you should already have three Lightning Lanes for your second park lined up and ready to go. Or you could always go vice versa if you want to start your day in Hollywood Studios and end it in Epcot. It can start feeling like a whole lot of pressure as well as way too much screen time if you're the only person in charge of juggling Lightning Lane selections all day long. So if you can have at least one other person in your group download the My Disney Experience app and have access to your accounts to tag team the day of multipass selections with you. Even if you don't mind being the sole keeper of the lightning lanes, having a backup option is still useful just in case something happens to your phone, like it overheats or runs out of juice, or worst case scenario, it gets lost. That way, the other person in your group can access your My Disney Experience account and can help keep the Lightning Lane momentum going while your phone's out of commission. Something else you could do is maybe assign each person one park and they handle Lightning Lanes in that park. That way they only have to really do all the research for that particular park. And since we're already on the phone dying topic, because yes, it happens, especially during those super hot summer months, bring a portable charger with you. Constantly refreshing and modifying and making new Lightning Lane selections on the My Disney Experience app drains your phone battery fast, especially if you're also using your phone for other things, which you will be. Just because Aunt Susan doesn't want to ride Tower of Terror like everyone else in the group, that doesn't mean she has to settle for a Tower of Terror lightning lane. Despite your group being linked in My Disney Experience, different members can book different Lightning lanes depending on their personal preferences. It's not like the dining plan where everybody in the room has to be on the same dining plan. Lightning lanes are totally up to you personally. So, when you go to make new Lightning Lane selections during the day, scroll down to the party toggle to edit out anyone who doesn't want a certain Lightning Lane so that they can select a third option that they enjoy. Sometimes your My Disney Experience will remind you of when your Lightning Lane return windows are approaching, but those reminders aren't necessarily something you need to rely on because they can be fairly inconsistent and they don't always work. If you need a little reminder ping to keep you in check, because let's face it, there's a lot going on during your park day and your mind will probably be in a thousand other places at once, I'd recommend setting an alarm on your phone for maybe 15 to 30 minutes before your next Lightning Lane return window to remind you that, hey, time to start heading over there cuz that ride might be way across the park and take you like 30 minutes to get there, right? Is it ideal to use multipass on rides that rarely get long waits? No. Is it better than letting a time slot just sit empty while everything else is gone? Yes. If it's late in the day and most headliners are gone, use Multipass to clean up the remaining mid-tier attractions with shorter weights and/or patch in experiences that round out your day, not just the biggest thrills. Even a small save like skipping a 25minute line adds up when you do it a few times. So, don't let perfect be the enemy of good. If you can get a lower weight on an easier to ride attraction just to use up that last lightning lane, go for it. Not every ride in Disney World offers lightning lanes. There are no lightning lanes available for Prince Charming Regal Carousel, Astro Orbiter, or My Beloved People Mover in Magic Kingdom. And there's also no Lightning Lanes for Grand Fiesta Tour starring the Three Cabaros in Epcot. So, you'll just need to keep your eye on the My Disney Experience app and check on wait times for those guys. more than likely you won't have to worry about their queue lines getting ridiculously long unless you're visiting like literally the day after Christmas. So again, just keep an eye on it. Try not to go kind of right in the middle of the day, the heat of the day when everybody's in the park. Chin up, pal. The battle's not lost. Even if you don't get the pre-selection you wanted or you're still not seeing your top priority multi pass pop up on the app on the day of your visit, keep checking cuz people's plans will change constantly. like much like how your plans throughout the day will more than likely change up too. So, be flexible, be resilient, and if all else fails, take comfort in knowing you don't have to have a Lightning Lane to ride any of these rides. You can always just hop in one of those lines at any time, just as long as all the ride gears are up to snuff. Y'all are going to rock these Lightning Lanes. I just know it. But if you've got any other questions about how to use these services, never hesitate to ask us about them in the comments. And don't forget to pick up that free maximizing lightning lane guide I mentioned earlier on. It's at disneyfoodblog.com/multipass. Super researched. We use these every single day. We've got your back. Oh, and if you're looking for some general line skipping videos that don't all center around a lightning lane purchase, then be sure to check out our Disney World is packed here's what to do video for more tips, tricks, and firstirhand advice. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Vlog, and we'll see you real soon.
