---
video_id: cxg7P-Il3p0
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Disneyland’s Top Must-Eat Foods for 2026"
published: 2026-02-10
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxg7P-Il3p0
---
We've got Disney food blog reporters everywhere, both the east and the west coasts, which means we've always got the updated scoop on the best things to eat in Disneyland. Here are the ones you need to get in your 2026 vacation. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog and today's video is going to be filled to bursting. With Disneyland 70th anniversary still going strong until August 9th this year, we got so many new snacks, new entre and desserts and drinks to keep at the top of our priority list because who knows how long these new items are going to be around for. But don't worry, even if you're not planning on going to Disneyland before the 70th celebrations wrap up. Today's list is going to be a mix of the best classic and new Disneyland items alike, as well as some up and cominging eats that you're going to want to keep an eye out for. We're going to start in Disneyland. And I guess before we get into all the new Disneyland Park snacks, it's only fair to line up all the classics that we've loved for many, many, many years now, just cuz they still deserve their respect. Mickey beignetes. Yep, that's the mic drop treat. We love these old reliables from the Mulip Bar in New Orleans Square in both their OG powdered sugar form or in a fun fresh seasonal variety if they've got it. [music] And while you might be more than satisfied with just the Mickey beignet alone, there's more classic Disneyland snacks where those came from. The Royal Street Veranda window, also over in New Orleans Square, cuz New Orleans Square is great when it comes to food, has a snack-ized version of Disneyland's famous Monte Cristo sandwich, which you can typically find over at Cafe Orleans and at Blue Bayou. This version is much like the traditional deep fried sandwich filled with ham, turkey, Swiss cheese, and dusted with Marty GR powdered sugar and served with a side of jam. It's just smaller, which means the price tag is smaller, too. But then again, if you order the Monte Cristo from Cafe Orleans, you also get those Parmesan garlic fries with that Cajun Remalad for dipping, and that's worth the price uptick alone. I love those fries. Disneyland serves up hand battered corn dogs in various locations around Disneyland property, but the most popular spot is the Little Red Wagon right off of Main Street, USA. Now, this wagon gets pretty busy, especially right before the fireworks, but it does have a mobile order option if you want to skip over the physical line, and I suggest that you do. If you want a classic Disney Chimmy Chunga, the crispy fried burrito filled with beef and beans, just track down the snack stands that also sell those jumbo turkey legs. These savory options tend to stick together on the Disneyland menus. And if you're looking for a quick breakfast to start your day, head over to Big Thunder Mountain Railroad Snack Cart for a breakfast version of the Chim Chunga, too. Typically, this morning chim chunka offering is stuffed full of that classic bacon, egg, and cheese mix. A churro from a Disneyland snack cart just hits different than it does in Disney World. These West Coast churros are light and airy, perfectly fried, served with that traditional crunchy cinnamon sugar, and they usually have some sort of fun seasonal option to try, too, depending on what cart you're at. Looking for that classic Disney Dole Whip? Just head over to Adventureland. Dohip is most commonly served at the Tiki Juice Bar and Tropical Hideway. And while I'll pay a visit to the Tiki Juice Bar if I'm just on the hunt for a classic pineapple Dolehip float, Tropical Hideway tends to offer a variety of different Dolehip flavors throughout the year, as well as savory bow buns, too. I'm also a big Bengal barbecue skewer supporter, even though I'm a little salty that they took away my bacon wrapped asparagus skewers that I used to love so much. Still, skewers like the teriyak chicken, the hot and spicy banyan beef, the sweet Zulu coated Bengal beef, still solid go-tos. Can't cover the classics though without covering one of Disneyland's most iconic table service restaurants, Carnation Cafe over on Main Street, USA. Carnation pays tribute to Walt with frame pictures in his memory, as well as serving up Walt's chili topped with cheese, sour cream, chives, and a cornbread garnish all year long. Although the fried pickles are incredible if you love fried pickles and basically any soup from here is going to be great. But I might be more of a fan of the breakfast offerings for those buttermilk pancakes and big old Mickey waffles alone. And what's a visit to Disneyland without the Plaza restaurant's famous fried chicken? The chicken entree available for lunch and dinner at Main Street USA's Plaza Inn is massive and comes with three pieces of fried chicken seasoned with Disneyland's specialty blend of herbs and spices. This is so incredibly crispy and tender and juicy. And it's really ruined me for other places that serve homestyle fried chicken since Plaza in does it right. What you've probably already realized about Disneyland food by now is just how often it changes with the season. After all, Disneyland is a locals park. And so, if people are coming in like every weekend, Disney's got to change it up and keep it interesting. [music] So, even treats and eats that have been around the Disneyland scene for a while might look completely different when you next visit. For example, possibly one of the cutest seasonal treats Disneylandwide can be found over at Alien Pizza Planet in Tomorrowland because this is where you're going to find the alien macaroons. These little green guys know what's up cuz they like to dress up for the holidays. Christmas, Halloween, Valentine's Day, you name it. They are here to celebrate. And it doesn't hurt that they're pretty tasty, too. Over at Harbor Galley in the section kind of between New Orleans Square and Bayou Country, you can order packs of classic chocolate chip cookies in a sixcount or a baker's dozen. And these come out warm and rich and gooey, and they taste even better if you're willing to spend a little extra for a whipped dip to dunk them in. The dips switch up depending on the season, but all the different dip flavors tend to cost around 139. Also, be on the lookout for seasonal cookies, too. Beyond the classic chocolate chip, you might find a six and 13count cookie option made just for the holidays, like an incredible gingerbread. I'm thinking about it now and cannot wait till next Christmas. Or pumpkin. One of our resident Disneyland reporters just told us that these cookies are the closest that the West Coast folks can get to a Gideon's Bake House experience, which feels like the highest of praise for these little cookie bags. And like I said, I still dream about the gingerbread one. So, I cannot wait until next Christmas. And if you follow DFB for a while now, then you know just how much of a potato junkie I am, which is why Trouvidor Tavern in Fantasy Land is one of my favorite places to grab a savory bite to eat, cuz this stand has loaded baked potatoes. You can always order a classic loaded baked potato from this place topped with cheese, the sour cream, bacon bits, etc. But Tridor likes to shake things up with seasonal specialty ters, too. On January 8th, Trouidor welcomed the chicken al pastor potato made with chicken al pastor cheese, avocado salsa, sour cream, onion, cilantro, and spiced corn chip crumble, as well as the barbecue burnt ends potato made with brisket burnt ends tossed in a Coca-Cola barbecue sauce. Okay, you've waited long enough. Now, it's time to talk about some brand new Disneyland Park snacks hitting the scene. Lots of movement has been happening around Galaxy's Edge lately. New characters, new shopping experiences, and new milk. Yeah, there's pink milk here now. It's fine. Nobody really likes it, but it's definitely a new thing, so I'll put it in here to tell you about it. But I'm going to actually tell you in terms of best things to eat in Disneyland, let's talk about the cheese bread because cheese bread doesn't let us down. Okus Cantina uniquely serves a garlic cheese five blossom bread with a side of spicy cheese sauce. It's crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside, and the cheese has this little kick to it, but not enough to burn your tongue or anything, just enough to make you realize you're alive. The Jolly Holiday Bakery Cafe on Main Street, USA has always put my script writer, Bria, and me at odds. I say the Matterhorn macaroon is the best pastry year. She says it's the Raspberry Rose macaroon, which is just blasphemy. Anyway, we've set our differences aside recently to come to one solid agreement. The brand new peanut butter brownie slice now available at Jelly Holiday, is a worthy member of this bakery sweet treat lineup. This is a brownie slice topped with peanut butter mousse melted peanut butter and chocolate. This one's got a fudgy consistency versus a cake consistency, which I prefer to be honest, and the rich chocolate flavor pairs well with that creamy salty peanut butter mousse. The Red Rose Tavern over in Fantasy Land serves up these savory Fantasy Fair folds that remind us a lot of Crunch Wrap Supremes from Taco Bell. And before they used to only be available to order during lunch and dinner, but now there's a breakfast version of the Fantasy Fair fold filled with cheese, hash browns, bacon, egg, sausage, and creamy ioli. Yes, the magical sauce that automatically makes everything better. The creamy aioli actually has a bit of a kick to it, and it's kind of reminiscent of a thousand island dressing. That being said, it's not overly spicy by any means, and it definitely pairs well with the fluffy eggs and ooey gooey cheese. I love an ioli for breakfast. Okay, not too far away from Red Rose Tavern, you can find these little Fantasy Land snack windows, right? Maurica's Treats and Adal Vice Snacks. Both the keepers of the really sexy cheesy garlic pretzel bread that's pillowy and salty and filled with gooey, buttery cheese on the inside. Both locations also now have the option for you to get your cheesy garlic bread filled with a broughtwurst if you'd like to make it into a full-on meal. And at Maurica's Treats Only, there's a breakfast cheesy garlic bread that's served until 11:00 a.m. or while supplies last that's stuffed with scrambled eggs and sausage. Tiana's Palace over in New Orleans Square has really stepped up its game lately with its sweet heat beet chicken sandwich now on offer. But maybe I'm a little bit biased because this is literally chicken covered in buffalo sauce sandwiched between two beignes. Like, if that's not AJ Wolf pallet preference to a tea, then apparently I don't know myself very well. Okay, so since I started with the classics first in Disneyland Park, maybe I should flip the script and talk about the new stuff in DCA first this time around. Why not? Who is here to stop me? I'm in charge. Okay, so shiny new stuff in California Adventure. How cool are these Infinity Stone cream puffs from Taran Treats in Avengers Campus? This dessert comes with six colorful mini cream puffs in the following flavors: raspberry, [music] cotton candy, key limes, strawberry, pabana, sort of like a passion fruit blend, and orange cream. These are super bright and fun, but our favorite flavors were the pabana and the key lime for those tart tropical flavor notes against the sweet cream. Now, have y'all seen the new Applebee's burger that's cut in half and sitting in a pool full of cheese. Okay, well, turns out DCA has its own version of this burger, which you can find at Flo's V8 Cafe in Carsland. This is brand new. The Big Dipper cheeseburger is made with a beef patty, American cheese, bread and butter pickles, and caramelized onions on a toasted bun sitting at top a healthy portion of pepperoni's cheese sauce. This burger is everything to me. The cheese sauce has a kick and some tang. It's basically spicy plastic cheese. There's a nice crunch coming from the B&B pickles. The caramelized onions added a muchneeded bit of earthiness to that dish. And basically what I've learned is that I'm going to need a cup of cheese sauce to go along with all of my Disney burgers from now on. Thank you very much. Okay, fine. Fine. I get that the cheese sauce in the cheeseburger might be overkill, but our DFB reporters have also let me know that the Filillmore groovy greens made with Roma, kale, bean, and corn salad, cucumbers, tomatoes, crispy quinoa, toasted sunflower seeds, and zesty dressing is one of the best new lighter offerings at a Disneyland quick service. So, you can take their word for it. Now, since I'm already throwing a wrench in things by talking about the new DCA eats and sweets first, how about I add a new category and talk about the stuff that's specific to one certain quick service in DCA, the superiz stuff. Yep. Pim Test Kitchen in Avengers Campus is one of our favorite Disney California Adventure quick services. Not just because the food here tastes good, but also because the theming is innovative and fun and immersive. According to Disney Imagineering lore, much like Ant-Man and the Wasp use pin particles to grow and shrink just about anything, Pim Technologies uses the latest innovations to grow and shrink their food. Here, red pin particles shrink the food and blue pin particles expand it. Let me tell you, that superersized stuff is so fun. For something sharable, you can get the Quantum Pretzel, which is a 453.8 gram Bavarian style pretzel with sharp cheddar cheese beer sauce. And yeah, it's probably our favorite soft pretzel in DCA. No offense, Mickey pretzels. For a full meal, we recommend the not so little chicken sandwich. This savory sandwich is topped with teriyak and red chili sauces for a little kick, pickled cabbage sllo for a little tart, and a bio bun for a little novelty storytelling because the bun is teenytiny to create the illusion of a blue pin particle afflicted piece of fried chicken. And for dessert, I'll pick the Choco Smash Candy Bar any day of the week. This thing is made with dark chocolate and peanuts and caramel and nougat and chocolate brownie. And I swear there's peanut butter in there. It doesn't say there's peanut butter, but I'm telling you there's peanut butter. So, like all my favorite sweet stuff combined into one [music] massive candy bar. I love it. This isn't like a superiz pin particle affected item or anything, but I do want to make one last quick shout out for the schwarma palace because that's what Tony Stark would want me to do. Admittedly, the normal schwarma options are kind of hit or miss, but the Denver breakfast schwarma made with scrambled eggs, potatoes, ham, cheddar cheese, bell peppers, and spicy ketchup tends to be a huge hit amongst our team. Okay, back on track. Let's talk about some of the fun seasonal options that DCA likes to offer. We don't talk enough about schmoozies over in Hollywood land on this channel, so let's fix that. If you want near guaranteed seasonally inspired munches and drinks, Schmoozies is definitely going to switch things up on the rag. They offer up seasonal milkshakes, seasonal lemonades, and they also have seasonal Mickey waffles on the menu. In the past, we've tried seasonal options like red velvet with confetti sprinkles baked into the batter, and ube filled Mickey waffles, too. Those were insane. While I'm never going to turn down a classic Mickey waffle, the variety here is definitely a fun way to shake up the OG Disney snack. And of course, you can't talk about the seasonal stuff without talking about DCA's festival offerings. They hold three festivals each year at California Adventure, which are going to bring limited time entertainment, merchandise, and lots of unique food offerings to the park. By the time this video releases, Lunar New Year will be getting ready to wrap up. But usually, this festival takes place from mid January to midFebruary and celebrates Chinese, Vietnamese, and Korean cultures. Food and wine pops up next during the months of March and April, celebrating California's culinary favorites. In 2026, this is going to be March 6th to April [music] 27th. And after a bit of festival dry spell in the summer and early fall, festival of holidays will kick up right before Thanksgiving celebrating the seasons of Christmas, Navididad, Dewali, Hanukkah, Quanza, and Three Kings Day. Also from late August to early November, Disney California Adventure hosts a bonus Spirit of Dia de Lasu celebration full of seasonal entertainment and characters and lots of food. For last year's celebration, we got to try out a bunch of different Mexicaninspired limited time offerings from Paradise Garden Grill, including the loaded chicken quesadilla, al pastor tacos, a colorful vanilla layer cake, and more. Plus, there was a strawberry horchata churro on offer over at Senor Buzz Churros and the Churro Cart next to Goofy Sky School Coaster. And now, it's finally time to shout out some of our classic favorites in DCA. Clarabel's hand scooped ice cream over on Buenav Vista Street serves up classic and specialty sundaes. But my favorite thing to order is the customizable hand dipped ice cream bars. [music] Currently, you can also get the Oswald sundae here, which is your classic vanilla and chocolate ice cream with toppings. But what makes it special is the chocolate dipped frozen bananas. San Francisco is a fairly new location for California Adventure. Opening back in 2023 is a complete refresh of Pacific Warf, but several of the Pacific Warf offerings did survive that makeover, thank goodness. That means you can still get the mac and cheese and seasonal soup and those freshly baked sourdough bread bowls from Aunt Cass's Cafe, [music] as well as sourdough loaves in the shape of Mickey Mouse, and now they'll come in Baymax form, too. Aunt Casses is also home to seasonal bread puddings, which I probably could have added to the seasonal category, but let's not overthink it. Most recently, we've seen a strawberry green tea bread pudding here made with green tea, creme glaze, and whipped topping, [music] but there's a high chance there'll be a whole new bread pudding offered at Antcast Cafe the next time you visit. And if you're a big burri fan, Christina Kugamonga has a case of burria that the locals rave about, and so do we. Made with brazed beef, cheese, tomatillo salsa, and consame. Plus, there's a burria ramen over at the Lucky Fortune cookery that also comes with a softboiled egg, Monterey Jack cheese, cilantro, onions, and radish. Some of our DFB team members think this one can get a bit too salty at times, and I could definitely live without the cilantro because I hate it. But as far as cozy, hearty, flavorful ramen bowls go, the combo of housemade bria and those classic wavy ramen noodles definitely hits the spot. I already talked about the hand battered corn dogs at Disneyland. So, let's talk about another hand battered delicacy, the cheddar cheese stick from Cornog Castle. Instead of a hot dog tucked into that same [music] slightly sweet corn batter, you got ooey gooey cheddar cheese in the center of things and lots of it. Now, Lamplight Lounge, formerly known as Cove Bar, right before the whole Pixar Pure Re theme, also Ariel's Grotto was there, too, is the place to be if you're on the hunt for some stellar lobster [music] nachos. Or if you want some of the best secret cocktails around, Lamplight Lounge has a whole off menu [music] full of them. And these dudes have been around since like Cove Bar was still a thing, try ordering the Fun Wheel, which is a twist on your everyday Long Island. The Neverland Tea, also Long Island inspired. I'm going to tell you right now, these are all Long Island inspired basically, but there's some peach schnops thrown into the Neverland tea. The zombie is a super rum heavy drink, the Melrose Place. This one is strawberry based. And the sea witch, this is a raspberry vodka drink that tastes a whole lot like a Jolly Rancher. By the way, this won't be the last time Secret Menu cocktails are going to be featured in today's video, so just you wait. And Brio would be totally offended if I didn't mention Adorable Snowman Frosted [music] Treats from Pixar Pier. I know because she told me so directly in the script. Along with adorable snowman's classic lemon soft serve, you can also get flavors like raspberry, mango, or a swirl of any two soft serves you desire. And while you're more than welcome to just have these soft serves plain, you can also get them snow capped, which is dipped in white chocolate shell. Or you can get the chili lime version topped with shamoy, chili lime seasoning, and diced mango. Looking for the most picturesque item on the menu? Consider ordering the Pixar Pure Frosty Parfait, which comes with your choice of soft serve and a blue raspberry swirl. And if you're having a hard time deciding on just one flavor to try, Adorable Snowman recently started serving flights, giving you the chance to try all three. Y'all, we've got five, yep, five new restaurants coming to Downtown Disney in fingers crossed 2026. What did we do to deserve such a gift? Bordeau's Bakery and Cafe is a Southern California fan favorite stop that locals have been hyped to see invade the Disney bubble ever since it was announced back in 2022. And now it seems there's finally a light at the end of the pastry line tunnel. At least we hope there is. Porto's construction is in full swing. And let me tell you, this place is going to be massive extending into the Disneyland esplanade. This location will also be Porto's first sit-down table service location with a full bar offering indoor, outdoor, and upstairs seating as well as its famous cheese rolls, potato balls. Oh my gosh, those are so good. Cuban sandwiches, pastries, and more. Bordeau has taken over where Earl of Sandwich used to be. But that's okay because Earl of Sandwich is working its way up in the world to become a full-on tavern, like a sit-down restaurant. This tavern is a twostory ordeal. So Earl of Sandwich will be situated on the ground level and continue to serve up quick service sandwiches, salads, and handheld favorites. So what's going on upstairs in this tavern? Well, Gordon Ramsay is moving in. Not literally, though. That would be weird. No, upstairs is going to become a British themed gastro pub called Gordon Ramsay at the Carnaby. This pop is going to be inspired by 1960s London with a chic interior, lively music, an outdoor patio, and a London inspired menu featuring some of Chef Gordon Ramsay's most famous offerings like the beef Wellington, fish and chips, [music] and sticky toffee pudding among plenty of craft cocktails. Construction on the tavern began in 2025, and while Disney has yet to confirm an opening date, construction is so far along now that we're expecting to hear about an official opening date really, really soon. We've even got signage. Steak lovers and bourbon enthusiasts will be excited to know that acclaimed chef Joe Isadori is bringing Arthur and Sons to Downtown Disney. Look at all these famous chefs getting together in this shopping district. It's like a culinary family reunion. This new restaurant is going to serve up prime cuts of beef, fresh seafood, hearty sandwiches, salads, and inventive cocktails in a classic steakhouse setting. Like Earl of Sandwich in the Carnaby, this location, which is replacing the former Tortilla Joe's, started construction last year. So, while an official opening date has yet to be announced, it's reasonable to expect Arthur and Sunsense to open later this year, too. But wait, there's more. Right next to Arthur and Suns will be Pearl's Roadside Barbecue, a casual quick service barbecue restaurant serving favorites like smoked brisket, pulled pork, [music] pulled turkey, and more. Perfect for when you're in a hurry. So, hopefully this place will make its debut in 2026, too. And finally, Bobo Go is a Southern California boba favorite from Eric Wong and Philip Wong that'll be bringing its high quality authentic boba/bubble tea with no artificial ingredients into Downtown Disney. Drinks here will use real fruits and vegetables, lactoseree milk, oat milk, cane or brown sugar, tea sourced from farmers in Taiwan, and matcha sourced from Japan. It'll also feature light bites as well as imported snacks and candies. Unfortunately, Boo Go was announced last year and seems to have been delayed a little bit, which happens no problem. Still, the owners are adamant about establishing a Bop Go in Downtown Disney. And it's very possible that location will open some point this year, too. Okay, so while we're all waiting for this location to open, where should we be munching around Downtown Disney in the meantime? Well, how about a confection or two from the recently refreshed wonderful World of Sweets, the Old Marceline Confectionary? What sweet treats are you after? More than likely, this confectionary's got them. You got my favorite churro toffee. Caramel apples, Mickey Krispy treats, marshmallow on one, sour balls, and lollipops to choose from. But one of the most noteworthy things to pick up here is the freshlymade Worther's original caramel popcorn. Yes, we've been number one fans of this caramel popcorn for years, thanks to Caramel Cushe over in Epcot. So, we are glad to see these pop kernels of goodness expanding their horizons. Oh, there's also this really interesting peanut butterflavored Mickey waffle thing that's giant and not really a waffle at all. It's shaped like a Mickey waffle, but it's more like eating a straight up peanut butter fudge candy bar, only thicker. I don't know. I can dig it. I'm a peanut butter fiend, but I can understand if it just makes you thirsty for a tall glass of milk. And there's not really a lot of chocolate involved. And peanut butter solo kind of needs a little bit of chocolate as far as I'm concerned. Disneyland tends to be most known for the Mickeyshaped beignet served in Disneyland Park over at the Mint Julip Bar. But if you're looking to switch up your beignet game, you might want to join the California locals over at Beignet Express for fresh, fluffy, unique beignet flavors beyond the classic powdered sugar. This is over by Jazz Kitchen, right? And it's well run by the same folks. Beet Express has new beignes on offer each month, so see what's available during your visit. Now, what about the savory stuff? Well, we've really enjoyed our time at Tiandita lately, which serves Mexican street food in quicks service fashion. You got tacos, burritos, quesadillas, nachos, ceviche, but probably our favorite thing to munch on here is the eskee street corn made with corn, mayonnaise, kot cheese, chili powder, lime juice, and episote. It's creamy, it's not spicy at all, and if you stir all those ingredients together before you take your first bite, you'll get a perfect blend of all those flavors. And over at the award-winning restaurant in Tyong, you can try various soups and wanttons and noodles and fried rice dishes. But of course, they are most known for those housemade handmade dumplings, both the sweet and savory variety, and you can watch people making them right there in the kitchen when you're there. It's very cool. Okay, guess what you guys? We know how much y'all have loved our free Disney World snack maps, and now we got the Disneyland version of our free snack maps live. So, if you want a list of our top 10 favorite Disneyland snacks and snack maps for where they are, be sure to scan the QR code you see on the screen or click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/dlnacks after this. Very excited about this. Okay, so you may not believe me when I say that this Disneyland resort section might be the most surprising of the whole video, but just wait. You might change your mind by the time we reach the end of it. First off, let's talk about what on earth is going on with Napa Rose in the Grand Californiaiforn. After being closed for nearly a year, Napa Rose has finally reopened its doors to show off its brand new look. The main dining room has a seasonal prefix menu where you'll have the choice to add custom wine pairings along with your multicourse meal. Recent options on the menu include an American Wagu New York strip served medium rare, an oak roasted forest mushroom plate and a soci pasta served a dungeonous crab and Santa Barbara uni butter, which is butter blended with fresh sea urchin to create this rich, creamy, and slightly briny type of condiment to compliment the whole thing. Meanwhile, the chef's counter is going to offer up to 18 guests the opportunity to sit and dine in direct view of the dynamic exhibition kitchen where the Napa Rose chefs personalize each course of your meal based on seasonality and creativity. This was one of my favorite Napa Rose offerings before the remodel, so I'm really, really glad it's back for me to go and visit again. For a private, more intimate, curated experience, you can also choose to celebrate a special occasion in the newly renovated private dining room available for up to 16 guests. And in an homage to its wine country roots, Napa Rose now offers an outdoor patio with two fireplaces, lush greenery, and soft lighting that give off upscale California winery vibes. Also inside the Grand Californian if you're looking for something maybe a little less formal but still fun and flavorful and always different. The DCH Craftsman offers a new Belgian waffle flavor each month during breakfast and a new hot dog flavor during lunch and dinner. In the past, we've tried the S'mores waffle, the savory sunrise waffle, and the waffle cristo. And we've also tried hot dogs like the capres, the pastrami, and the Asian bow hot dog. But I think if I had to choose one place to eat inside the Grand California and it's not Nappa Rose, I'd lean towards Hearthstone Lounge for the numerous stuff for the cozy vibes and the cozy menu. It's very hard to choose a favorite here. You've got French onion soup, chorizo poutine, sandwiches like the flaky buttermilk battered chicken sandwich, [music] artisan pizzas that are really, really good, and a bunch of entre too. It's a really hefty menu for [music] like a lobby bar. Basically, Hearthstone just opened up my head and peaked inside my brain and said, "Yeah, let's just take a bunch of AJ's favorite things and shove them on this menu for her." And I really appreciate that. Even though Pixar Places restaurants are relatively new, they still often fall under the radar for guests, but maybe they shouldn't. And they especially shouldn't if you're planning on staying here yourself. Over at Great Maple, the fried chicken and donuts are a DFB Reporter favorite. Meanwhile, over at Pixar Place's pool bar called Small Bites, you can order smashed burgers, which might just be one of the best hidden Disneyland burgers on property. No [music] kidding. These are kind of wild, though. They're made with smashed patties, a secret sauce, lettuce, pickles, onions, cheese, and mayo across four sweet Hawaiian rolls, and it works [music] so well. All right, since we're talking about pool bars, let's go to the Palm Breeze Bar next over at the Disneyland Hotel. There are lots of items you can grab here that'll kind of make you go, "Wow, that is surprisingly good." But let's focus on the cheese fry poutine because well it's me and cheesy fries are a subject near and dear to my heart as is poutine. The cheese fry poutine is made with demig gloss cheese sauce, chive sour cream and fried pimento cheese curds. Hello. Oh, and it's huge. So if you need someone to share it with, just hit me up. Okay. All right. The newest place, or at least the most recently refreshed place to pick up a cocktail and bite to eat at the Disneyland Hotel is the Broken Spell Lounge, which is the old Steakhouse 55 lounge. Right. This is a Sleeping Beauty inspired spot now tucked inside the bottom floor. It's also the home of the glittery, shimmery, sparkly, benevolent fairy. Now, this is a drink trio featuring a vanilla bean infused Golden Eagle vodka with distinct flavors and edible glitter. I know this is very stunning to look at. Each drink represents one of Sleeping Beauty's fairy companions, Flora, Fauna, and Merryweather. Now, Fauna is for the mint lovers. The purple represents Merryweather. Sorry, I didn't make this one blue, but you still get a fruity blueberry taste with this one. And the reddish pink drink is for Flora, which true to her name, has a strong floral and fresh flavor attached to it. Now, if you really want your kids to love you, then book an advanced dining reservation for Goofy's Kitchen, which is one of Disneyland's buffet character dining experiences. Goofys has made quite the reputation for itself concerning its dessert pizzas, so save room for that. And the most popular dessert pizza is going to be the peanut butter pizza, which is exactly what it sounds like. Lots of peanut butter slathered onto a very soft crust and then drizzled with a few stripes of jelly in good old PB&J fashion. But you might also find other seasonal dessert pizzas on the buffet during your visit, too. So, keep an eye out. Okay, ready for some fun secret menu items because we found a whole bunch of them hiding out at Trader Sam's Enchanted Tiki Bar at the Disneyland Hotel. Oh, like around 20. In lightning round fashion, I'm going to give you the full list. Note though, secret menu drinks and dishes aren't always a guarantee. Availability depends on the skipper serving you, ingredients, and how busy the bar is. So, remember to be patient and ask, but be understanding if a certain secret menu item can't be created right then. For secret drinks, you've got the creamy tropical zombie killer. You got the makes no sense well blended fruity cocktail, the Kahala Sunset made with layers of color and tropical flavors. My Thing, which is smooth, slightly sweet and cozy, Hesh's Garden, a very herbforward type of cocktail. Victory Lap, both floral and fruity. Uncle Dave, a unique take on classic old-fashioned. Temple of the Forbidden Rye, an Indiana Jones inspired cocktail with a whiskey base. Passionate Plume, a gin based drink that's both citrusy and cinnamony. Trinidad Sour. It's rich, complex, and spice forward. Sangria, you know what to expect with this one. It's more wine focused. Melan Me, bright, and melon forward. Paper plain. I love this one. This brings a Trader Sam's twist to a classic cocktail. and the Skipper Sam, who has no relation to Trader Sam, but is definitely a mysterious drink with eclectic flavors. Then it comes to secret food. You've got the chicken kurag, the pork belly adobo, the Japanese fried chicken, fish and chips, the loco cheeseburger, the katsu sando, and the ube brownie. See, told you this section of the video would grab your attention. Okay, super fun. There's a whole bunch of new Disneyland food, snacks, drinks that we didn't get a chance to talk about today, but if you want the full list, I'm going to drop the DFB post link for it in the video's description, so you can check it out whenever you want to. And speaking of links, don't forget to download our brand new free Disneyland snack maps today over at disneyfoodblog.com/dln snacks. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real soon.
