---
video_id: ZoOjVz-qYJ8
channel: DFBGuide
title: "15 Things You Didn't Know You Could Do in Disney World"
published: 2026-02-26
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZoOjVz-qYJ8
---
You already know a lot about Disney World, but you follow us here at DFB for the under the radar surprises that nobody else knows about. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. One of the most exciting moments of a Disney World trip is when you stumble on a hidden gem experience and realize Disney has a lot more going on than I expected it to. So, today we're going to show you a handful of super underrated stuff, experiences, activities, add-ons that some of them we just learned about that'll make your future Disney World trip not only more fun, but also unique. So, first up, my script writer, Briot, knows how much I love the roasted corn with African spices that's typically served at the Harambe Fruit Market in Animal Kingdom. So, during her last visit to Disney Springs, after popping into the spice and tea exchange, she sent me a picture that really got me pumped for the future of roasted corn in my own household. So, you might have a spice and tea exchange in your hometown. But if you don't, it's pretty straightforward. They sell spices, they sell teas, they exchange stuff. But if you head over to one of the spice displays in this little store, you'll find the copycat recipe for the seasonings that they sprinkle across the Animal Kingdom corn. It's 1 tbspoon Berber spice blend and 1 teaspoon garam masala. Also, if you're a tea fan and you're burnt out on all the gold peak that Disney sells everywhere, the Spice and Tea Exchange regularly rotates out tasty tea blends that they can make for you, hot or iced, in store. If you're looking for an adults only escape, would you believe me if I told you Disney World can absolutely hook you up? Disney World's been coming up with more and more locations that have age restrictions attached to them just to give the grown-ups some time to relax and unwind and have a drink or two. When it comes to 21 and over locations, GO82 in Epcot is your newest option. This lounge is attached to and inspired by the ever so iconic beauty spaceship earth. You can also book a 21 and over fireworks experience for the evening if you want to get a little more bougie with it. Trader Sam's Grog Grotto in Polynesian Village Resort is an interactive, enchanted, and tropical bar. And while it's a family-friendly experience during the day, it also becomes strictly 21 and over after 8:00 p.m. And on Thursday through Sunday nights, the Atlantic Dance Hall at Boardwalk in Resort opens up for everyone 21 and older to provide a stylish and groovy nightclub experience. Typically, Atlantic Dance Club's hours run from 8:00 p.m. to 1:00 a.m. When it comes to Disney's ultra fancy restaurants like Victoria and Alberts and Grand Fian or Tacumit Tay and Mr. Paul and Epcot, you don't have to be 21 to dine at these locations, but there's still an age limit. You have to be at least 8 years old to dine at Tumi Tay and 10 years old to dine at Victoria and Albert's and Miss Paul. Though, if I were you, I'd definitely second guess bringing my 8 to 10year-old to one of these places just cuz they're very fancy. They're focused on multiple high-end courses, and these items are all served over the course of a few hours, which can be great for grown-ups, but really, really boring for kids. Now, if you're looking for the whole list of Disney World inspiration spots to plan out a special celebration with your group, scan the QR code you see on the screen right now or click in the for Disneyfoodblog.com/special and we'll send you our free guide all about celebrating special occasions at Disney World, which yes, does cover a variety of price points to help you fit every budget. Now, I love custom souvenirs. Why just buy the standard stuff that everyone has when you could buy a piece of merchandise that nobody has? Some custom souvenirs are very well known around the Disney scene, like the custom ornaments you can get at the Christmas shops in Magic Kingdom and Disney Springs, or the embroidered ears you can get at several locations around the parks. But many of the World Showcase specific custom souvenirs in Epcot tend to get overlooked due to the sheer amount of shopping and browsing you're going to be doing around the pavilions. So, here's a little cheat sheet of all the different custom souvenirs you can find around the different countries in Epcot, just so you don't miss out on what could have been your new favorite thing. Outside the Mexico pavilion, you can purchase an engraved ring over at Ring Cararvers. There's also a Ring Carvers kiosk in Disney Springs. You can get a custom perfume bottle engraving at Plume Plet in the France Pavilion, typically on Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays. Some of the other pavilion perfume stops might also offer engravings, but they're not quite as consistent as what France offers each week. Germany is all about their custom glass art, and you can make your own glass art over at Glass Kunst Kiosk. You'll choose your project, select your base color, and create your own design, too. Projects include magnets and ornaments, suncatchers, trinket dishes, night lights, this is the one that we like, and picture frames. If you're intrigued by the Venetian masks in the Italy pavilion, you can make your own for a whole lot cheaper, too. Inside the Mitsukoshi department store at the Japan Pavilion, you can get your Japanese fan personalized. Usually, this kind of personalization costs under $5, which is a great deal for a unique piece of merch like this. Plus, a fan for your Epcot day. Wonderful way to beat the heat. Over at the Crown and Crest in the UK pavilion, you can get one of the most interesting custom souvenirs, a personalized family coat of arms to honor your family's history. And over in the Canada Pavilion, you can get custom leather bracelets and keychains for relatively cheap. Now, I'm not kidding you when I say the Disney World hotels have some seriously interesting activities. And one of the ones some of y'all might be sleeping on, literally, are the morning yoga sessions at certain hotels. Most commonly, these 30-inute morning yoga sessions can be found at resorts like Saratoga Springs, The Contemporary, Fort Wilderness, and Boardwalk Inn. Though, it's always worth checking to see if your resort might offer it on select days during your stay as well. When yoga does happen, it usually starts up around 9:00 a.m., sometimes earlier, depending on the day. And yoga sessions are for all skill levels. They're totally free, and they're for the whole family. The resort will even provide yoga mats for your group, but you got to make sure you get there at least 15 minutes before the session starts because you will have to fill out a waiver and claim your spot or mat. Don't want to oversleep on your Disney World vacation? Mickey can help with that. After you get all settled into your hotel room, check out that hotel phone on the nightstand. Yeah, I know it's not nearly as high-tech as the phone you have, but it does have the ability to directly connect you to several unique resort features, including a very special wakeup call. Scheduling a wakeup call is easy. You just got to press that wakeup call button. Then, an automated system will walk you through the rest of the steps from there. But what happens after you set it all up? In the morning, expect your hotel phone to start ringing. And on the other side of the line, you'll have the one and only Mickey Mouse. He'll be waiting for you to pick up so he can personally greet you and remind you that it's time to start your Disney day. Just be warned though, that hotel phone ringer is really loud. I've woken up to many a jump scare because of it. But I got to admit, it does wake you up. Your Hey Disney device on your bedside table can also schedule character wakeup calls, too. Just say, "Hey, Disney, set a wake up time for and insert your preferred time." You might enjoy this option even more than the phone call just because the wake up alert is less ears spplitting and you're apt to get woken up by a new character each day. Boozy refills. Okay. At Homecoming in Disney Springs, you can buy a refillable squeeze bottle plus a boozy souvenir drink for $24. Then whenever you bring the bottle back with you on future trips or maybe even during the same trip, boozy refills will be $16 after that. Basically, that's the same cost as what you'd normally pay for one of Homecoming Signature Shines on Tap. But the Boozy refillable bottles will give you more ounces to enjoy for your buck. But get this, the Boozy refills don't stop there. You can take that same Homecoming Squeeze bottle over to Splitzville because Splitzville is kind of run by the same company as Homecoming and get it refilled there with any of their frozen drinks, too, including their Dolewhip based pina colada. Now, if you're not into the boozy stuff, I've got another FYI for you here. Tucked away at a Coca-Cola freestyle machine outside Wulu Bar and Grill over at the Polynesian Village Resort, you can find a rare soda flavor that you won't find anywhere else on property. So, soda goblins of the world, let's unite. For the record, it's not called Pog Soda. It's actually called Island Time Fizz, which is an exclusive Spritebased flavor layered with the classic Pog syrups, passion fruit, orange, and guava. And yeah, it's really good, but that's coming from a gal who thinks every drink is immediately better with a little extra carbonation. You can grab Island Time Fizz by purchasing a paper cup from W Lulu or by using a refillable Disney resort mug. By the way, pro tip for you. If you buy the paper cup from my Lulu, it's valid for three refills within an hour, which makes this feel like a pretty solid value for the $6 price tag. This is for all the folks out there who metaphorically leave a little sparkle wherever they go, but who also literally want to leave a little sparkle wherever they go. First off, you can get pixie dusted for free inside Magic Kingdom. Just head over to Sir Mickey's Gift Shop or Bonjour Village Gifts in Fantasy Land and find one of the Fairy Godmother cast members holding a special magic wand inside the store. If you ask these cast members for a little dose of Pixie Dust, you'll get exactly what you asked for. Just don't forget to make a wish. And don't forget to shower before you crash on your hotel bed. Otherwise, you'll be sleeping in a bed full of glitter. Now, normally if you're celebrating a birthday or honeymoon or the like at a Disney World restaurant, you might get a free celebratory cupcake as an added congratulations. Your chances of that happening are even doubled if you wear one of Disney's free celebration buttons to the restaurant, though nothing's a guarantee. But if you book reservations at Cake Bake Shop at the boardwalk in to celebrate something big and exciting, what your Cake Bake Shop server will do after you order one of their desserts is give you a glitter ceremony. You'll hold out your hands. They'll sprinkle the edible glitter into your palms. You'll make a wish and then you'll blow the glitter across your cake at a really cute video worthy moment. The same glitter can also be purchased at the neighboring Cake Bake Shop Bakery or on the Cake Bake website, but it's kind of pricey, as in $37 per 14 oz. So, you might want to just stick with the glitter ceremony in the restaurant and purchase an edible glitter for yourself from some place that sells it for way cheaper. it comes to Disney hotels, Fort Wilderness is on a whole other playing field. Not only is this the only place where you can camp in Disney World or get a full cabin that's not going to cost you over $1,000 per night, but you can also fill a whole day at this place just doing all their different activities or even a whole week. Here's a full list of activities that take place at Fort Wilderness that more than likely you're not going to find at any other hotels in Disney World. The wine and wood shop classes, those are very cool. Chip and Dale's Campfire Singalong, that's free. Gem mining is 11 to $33 per bag. Tric Circle D Ranch Stables, also free to visit. Kayaking and canoeing is about $850 per half hour. A bat house, where bats arrive at dawn and depart at dusk daily. That's free to visit. Segway tours earn about 90 bucks per person. Archery is 49 per person. Golf cart rentals are 75 and up. Fishing off the dock. Prices vary here depending on what fishing gear you rent or buy. Pony rides for kids are 10 bucks. Trail rides for ages nine and up are 65. Horserawn wagon rides are $15 per adult and $10 per kid. And Hoopdoo Musical Review, which is the only dinner and theater show on Disney World property, has varying prices depending on where you sit, but you should make advanced dining reservations here. It's very popular. Literally, y'all, those are just the unique activities that Fort Wilderness has to offer. I didn't even cover all the activities here that other resorts might have, too. So, if you plan to stay at Fort Wilderness or just drop by for a visit, don't take all those different offerings for granted. Now, the DFB team and I are always tracking down the latest Disney World snack and restaurant changes and fun new offerings to tell you all about on the daily, as you know. The only problem is if we tried telling you everything we wanted to tell you, our YouTube videos would start getting longer than a Lord of the Rings movie marathon. So instead, we've compiled everything into our DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining, which you can find over at dfbstore.com. I've been writing this book since I think 2011, I think, is when I started doing it, and we update it twice a year every single year. You can also save money on your guidebook purchase if you decide to pick one up by typing in code YouTube before you check out. Now remember, this is a money back guarantee. If you don't like the guide, you don't have to pay for it. We'll get you your money back ASAP. Now, if the title of this point doesn't draw you in on its own, I don't know what will. Straight across from Lardis de Glass in Epcot's France pavilion, you can find Levven's de France, which is a bar that looks more like a gift shop, but has an assortment of champagne and wines you can buy by the bottle or the glass. What makes this place extra special and unique, though, is their champagne flights. There are currently two flights offered here, and each includes three different types of champagne with 2 oz pores. The first is the regular champagne flight for just over $34 which includes a 2 oz pour of Mouet and Shondon Imperial Brute Tachinger Brute and Vuv Cleico Demisack. But if you want to really splurge cuz you're on vacation, you can try the deluxe champagne flight for just over $72. This comes with three deluxe champagnes which are Don Perinon, Ruinar, and Bonjour. And if those names mean nothing to you, just know that these three champagnes are some of the most prestigious out there. Usually, when you walk through the gates of Magic Kingdom, your eyes are going to be set straight ahead towards Cinderella Castle. She's a beauty. But maybe it's worth looking behind you. On the lower level of the Main Street USA train station, right after you enter the park, you can find what's basically this little mini museum of train artifacts from Walt Disney's yester year. There's a shoe shine chair, black and white photos of OG Disney Imagineers, railroad maps, shadow boxes filled with train related trinkets, and little photo op areas, too. While this mini museum might not be a mustsea for the casual Disney park guest, it's one that true Disney adults are really going to get a kick out of. Now, I'm not talking about just entering Disney's table service restaurants all willy-nilly and wandering around them without a reservation, cuz that's probably not cool. But if you make a reservation for one of those restaurants or bars that have a lot of different themes or interactive elements across the various dining rooms, you're more than welcome to get up and walk around to check out all those different details while you're waiting for your food. And trust me, you're going to want to when you visit restaurants like the Jungle Cruise themed Skipper Canteen and Magic Kingdom, the travel ccentric Tiffens and Animal Kingdom, all the Toy Story decor and Roundup Rodeo Barbecue at Hollywood Studios, the immersive and enchanted features happening inside Trader Sam's Gro Grotto at Polynesian Village Resort, as well as throughout Beacon Barrel in Magic Kingdom. The production warehouse props, paint, and backdrops around Backlat Express at Hollywood Studios. This is my personal favorite. even Rainforest Cafe and T-Rex Cafe in Disney Springs because I want to see the Triceratops and the giant octopus and all of that stuff. Just be mindful of the servers and runners as you make your rounds through the restaurant. Don't block paths. Don't stand directly in front of the kitchen and don't hover around another table where guests are already seated. Just be cool. Don't make it weird. Keep walking and appreciating and then sit back down at your table and eat. The Seabase Aquarium in Epcot is such an underrated gem in and of itself. I can't tell you how many days I spent with my toddler just sort of wandering around in this aquarium. You basically get not only a theme park day with your Epcot Park ticket, you also get a visit to a full-on two-story aquarium with sea turtles and ree fish and stingrays and sharks and manatees and sea urchins that like to wear funny hats sometimes and more. But your aquarium visit can be much cooler if you time your visit when the sea critters are getting fed. Fish feedings tend to happen twice a day. once around 10:00 a.m. and the other around 3:30 p.m. Though times do vary, so ask a sea based cast member for updated times if you need to. But these feedings are so much more than watching our sea friends chow down on stuff. Many times feedings are also opportunities for the animal care experts to train these creatures. So you might be able to see dolphins perform some tricks around this time as well. I personally love watching the manatees get their lunch. Looking for more Disney World animals to ooh and awe over and bond with? Of course, Animal Kingdom has a whole savannah and several enclosures featuring hundreds of animals to fall in love with. But what if I told you you could see similar Animal Kingdom creatures for free? Even if you're not staying as a guest at Animal Kingdom Lodge, you're more than welcome to pay this resort a visit to go see the variety of zebras and giraffes, flamingos, and over 30 other species that call this resort home. And it won't cost you a penny. I like to go track down the rocking chairs on the upper level of the lobby for a better look at all these guys. Now, if you want to enhance your animal viewing experience at Animal Kingdom Lodge, you can always make reservations for the Starlight Safari here, too. And it'll still cost you less than a full park ticket to Animal Kingdom. The Starlight Safari will transport you and your group in an open air vehicle around those wide open savannah spaces after the sun sets to get a front row view of the various species roaming the grounds. But how are you actually going to see all that wildlife in the dark? Well, with super cool night vision goggles, of course. And guess what else? You do not have to be staying as a guest at Animal Kingdom Lodge to make reservations for this tour. As long as you got the cash and the means to get over to this hotel, then you're good to go. Some of the longest standing traditions in Magic Kingdom are the best traditions in Magic Kingdom, and so many folks still end up missing out on them. So each evening, starting at 5:00 p.m. in Town Square on Main Street, USA, a flag retreat takes place. During this time, the Walt Disney World band circles around the flag pole and plays the Star Spangled Banner as the American flag is slowly lowered. After being properly folded, the flag is then handed to the selected veteran of the day, followed by a brief tribute detailing his or her military experience. The Daily Flag retreat is one of those lesserknown events that gets so easily overlooked during the day. But if you actually do take the time to check this one out, I guarantee you major chills. Would you believe me if I said we're just scratching the surface here when it comes to Disney World's hidden gems? Cuz we are. If you're looking for more of those lesserk known Disney World activities and offerings, then check out our Disney World hidden secrets that you won't find on Trip Adviser video next. And don't forget to download our free special celebrations guides right now over at disneyfoodblog.com/special. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real soon.
