---
video_id: WMtcxJJEjJU
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Latest Disney News: Villains Land Rumors, NEW Attraction Announced, Fest Updates, & MORE"
published: 2026-02-28
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMtcxJJEjJU
---
Y'all, brand new rumors about the rides at Disney's Villains Land are swirling around. And even if half of what's being whispered about ends up true, it's going to be wicked. Meanwhile, Disney announced a new attraction for Hollywood Studios, and it's already stirring up some controversy. Over on the West Coast, we finally have the full menus for Disney California Adventure Food and Wine Festival. And yes, there are some wild cards we did not see coming. And the DFB team is packing their bags because we are about to head out on a huge adventure you won't want to miss. All the latest Disney and theme park news is coming up right now here on DFB Guide. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food and I got a whole lot of news to tell you about today. So buckle up. Here we go. New details about Villains Land at Magic Kingdom are making the rounds. According to a new report from The RAP, citing sources familiar with the project. Some big changes could be in the works. Here's what's being rumored. And the key word here is rumored. An Emperor's New Groove family coaster. Now, originally, concept art showed a massive Maleficent thrill coaster. Well, it looked kind of like a Maleficent situation with Briers and stuff, but according to sources, that idea may have evolved into a more familyfriendly coaster like Slinky Dog Dash, themed to the Emperor's New Groove, and allegedly there is a pull the lever moment. But Maleficent would still have a major presence in the land, according to these reports. Maleficent may anchor a large scale indoor water-based attraction reportedly ambitious enough to rival rides like Rise of the Resistance or Radiator Springs Racers. If you've seen the Pirates of the Caribbean ride in Shanghai, that's the vibe we're talking about. A Hades dinner show might be on its way. Hades with Pain and Panic could headline a fullervice prefix dinner show experience, replacing an earlier Madame Medusa concept. And also, a third unannounced ride. Sources say a smaller flat ride may also be planned, possibly an Ursula themed spinner attraction like Dumbo. Updated plans are reportedly due to Disney leadership soon with board approval potentially following and many expect we could hear more at D23 this year in Anaheim. Again, all speculation you guys sources familiar with the project. What does that even mean? Nothing has been officially announced by Disney. Still, if even some of this is in the works, that could be very, very cool. Big news for Hollywood Studios. We've got brand new details about the Magic of Disney animation experience. And it's a little bit controversial. Disney revealed Olaf Draws, a brand new animation academy style class coming to the re-imagined Magic of Disney animation area in Hollywood Studios in late summer 2026. Olaf will appear as an allnew audio animatronic sitting at an animator's desk inspired by Once Upon a Studio, the short you can watch online, and hosting the class with original dialogue recorded by Josh Gad. Guests of all ages will sit at animator style desks and learn to draw Disney characters step by step, guided by real Disney animation artists. Different pre-recorded classes will feature different characters from Mickey and Minnie to Moana, Stitch, Ursula, Judy, and Nick, and more, giving you a reason to come back again and again. But the change that fans are worried about here is that there's no live animator anymore. Instead of a cast member or animator guiding you through the process live, you'll be watching a pre-recorded video of someone drawing a Disney character. This is different from the animation experiences Disney World and Disneyland have offered in the past. The animation experience at Disney's Animal Kingdom theme park recently closed, but it was hosted by a cast member teaching you how to draw characters live in person. At Disney California Adventure, the animation academy is run by a live animator as well. The live animator hosted classes allow Disney to interject personality and relatability into the experience, and they offer more variety in terms of characters, meaning people are more likely to come back and do the class again. Even though the Olaf animatronic fits with the theme of the short film, some Disney fans are expressing their disappointment that we won't get the personal experience of doing a class with an animator. The Disney California Adventure Food and Wine Festival kicks off next week on March 6th and runs through April 27th. We cannot wait to eat and drink our way around this festival and we're getting closer to finally doing that because Disney dropped the full menus for all of this year's Food and Wine Festival booths. And there's a mix of brand new stuff and returning favorites. New items we've got our eyes on include the Chicheró nachos, Mickeyshaped banana hazelnut waffles, and an ube latte with matcha foam. And yes, some fan faves are coming back, too, like the Remy apple, Snickers Mickey macaron, and sirloin grier mac and cheese. This festival sneaks up with some of the most creative and sometimes unexpected flavors of the year. Y'all know I love a Disney California Adventure Festival because the food is just usually out of this world. So, having a game plan is key, especially when booth lines start stacking up. For the full menus and booth details, head to our website. We'll be at the festival on day one bringing you everything you need to know, so stay tuned. Now, we've got another Cinderella Castle paint update. Things are getting serious, y'all. The cherry pickers are out, which means we can expect to see more progress on the top of the castle soon. But don't fret. Disney has confirmed that the cranes will be lowered by noon daily, so they won't be in the way of your castle pick. We also noticed a few small paint updates since our last check-in. On the front of the castle, the window trim is now gray. It's honestly not super noticeable just yet, but it's exciting to see progress being made on the front. The DFB team paid a little visit to Legoland Florida this week. The park's first ever indoor roller coaster, the Galactic Coaster, is officially open, and we got to ride it early. This isn't just any coaster. You can customize your ride vehicle with more than 620 different combinations of nose, wing, and tail colors. Every single ride looks a little bit different. And naturally, we made ours food themed because duh. Now, before you blast off, there's a Lego animatronic in the pre-show hyping you up for your intergalactic mission. And the best part, it's an omni coaster, so your vehicle rotates while you're flying along the track. If you've experienced Guardians of the Galaxy Cosmic Rewind in Epcot, the vibe is very similar. So, who's planning a Legoland visit to blast off? Shanghai Disneyland just announced a ton of news. Check out what's coming for their 10th anniversary. There'll be a new show called The Heart of Magic that'll unfold across Enchanted Storybook Castle, now complete with three satellite stages and connecting bridges. New parade editions. Mickey's Storybook Express will receive the Duffy and Friends special pre- parade float and an allnew Zootopia float. For nighttime show updates, Illuminate, a nighttime celebration will debut with a new finale where Mickey Mouse appears in a flash of magic sparkles and a brand new wish segment will be added. And for food, we got new noodle dishes appearing across menus throughout the property, plus snacks from the past decade will return along with new popcorn buckets, cups, and straw clips. Of course, tons of souvenirs will drop, including the allnew interactive magic wand. And Mickey and Friends and Duffy and Friends will have brand new birthday outfits. And there's a ton more on its way. It all begins March 20th. Now, I've got a sad reminder. Rock and Roller Coaster starring Aerosmith will permanently close on March 2nd, Monday, which means tomorrow, March 1st, is the last day to experience this attraction before the Muppets come in and take over. If you can't be there in person, then be sure to follow us on social media to experience it with us. We're going to be covering the very last day of operation from opening to close, which means it's Peace Out tour. Rock and Roller Coaster is heading into refurbishment, and this is your last chance to grab our limited edition Peace Out tour merch before it's gone tomorrow. One last way to rock out and keep those Aerosmith memories forever. Head to dfbstore.com and grab your own. Big news out of the Disney Cruise Line world. We've been looking forward to the maiden voyage of the Disney Adventure, Disney's newest cruise ship on March 10th for months now, and it's finally almost here. And by the way, we're going to be there. This ship is setting sail from Singapore and will cruise through Southeast Asia on three and four night voyages. The ship has seven themed areas featuring Disney, Pixar, and Marvel stories. And with such heavy emphasis on Marvel, we weren't surprised when Disney announced who the godparent of this new ship is. None other than Robert Downey Jr. Each Disney Cruise Line ship gets a godp parentent, someone who will bring good luck and great voyages to the ship and its passengers for years to come. The Marvel Cinematic Universe is the highest grossing film franchise of all time. And Robert Downey Jr.'s portrayal of Tony Stark and Iron Man is a large part of that. When speaking about the decision, he stated, "It's impossible to describe the majesty of the adventure, and to be its godparent is an honor. As the largest ship in the Disney fleet, a gargantuan blessing must be bestowed. I'll do my darnest." Now, like I said, speaking of the adventure, buckle up because the DFB team is about to go full speed for the next few weeks. If you're not already following us on social media, now is the time because things are about to get a little wild. First up, we're diving straight into Epcot's Flower and Garden Festival next week, tasting every new snack and drink and treat we can get our hands on. That's on Wednesday. And like always, we'll be working overtime to get that full video up for you ASAP. Then we've got the first day of the Disney California Adventure Food and Wine Festival, like I just mentioned. Then just a few days later, we're hopping on a plane to Singapore for the first ever sailing of the Disney Adventure. Yep, we're going to be on board, bringing you every detail from this brand new ship. And on the way home, oh, we're not slowing down. We're making a quick little detour to Paris because Walt Disney Studios Park is officially transforming into Disney Adventure World. Not only is the park getting a brand new name, but it's launching a huge expansion, including the allnew World of Frozen with multiple attractions and shops, restaurants, merch, and everything. So, we're going to be there, too. It's going to be a whirlwind of festivals, cruises, and international park openings. And we're taking you with us every step of the way. So, follow us anywhere you like to be updated. Instagram, Facebook, Tik Tok, and of course at Disney Food Blog. Join in on the fun. Okay, Banana Ball fans, this one is for you. ESPN, Disney Plus, and the Savannah Bananas have announced a 25 game exclusive package for 2026. Every game will be streaming on the ESPN app and Disney Plus, and select games will air across ESPN networks and ABC beginning today, February 28th. This is the largest Banana Ball distribution deal to date. 15 additional games will air on ESPN networks. There will also be a first ever national showcase on ABC live from Eugene, Oregon. This will be one of the largest banana ball events ever staged. Plus, every game will stream on Disney Plus and the ESPN for fans with unlimited planned subscriptions. The Savannah Bananas are so popular they took over Disneyland last year for Savannah Bananas Day and a second Savannah Bananas Day at Disneyland Resort will be held on March 26th of this year. There's a new tour in Disneyland. And the Women Who Make Magic Guided Tour highlights some of the women who help bring the whole of Disneyland to life. According to Disney, you'll be accompanied by the sound of beautiful music, travel through the living story book of Disneyland Park, and take in its realms of whimsy as you witness firsthand the accomplishments of legendary women who helped make this original Disney theme park a reality. You'll learn more about the contributions of Harriet Burns and Alice Davis, Mary Blair, Ruth Shellhorn, Leotaa Tombs, Kim Irvine, Ortha Redmond, and more. Learn how they started working for Disney, how they made names for themselves, and how they paved the way for future generations. Tickets are $110 per person, and reservations are available now. You will need a valid Park Pass reservation and admission to Disneyland to take the tour. You'll also need to check in 15 minutes before the tour time at the Tour Gardens on Main Street, USA. Only 12 people will be allowed in each group, so tickets are limited. Guests under the age of 14 must be accompanied by an adult 18 years of age or older. The first tour starts on March 6th and the tours last approximately 2 hours. If you're interested, book those reservations. If you're staying at a deluxe Disney World Resort, you can enjoy the awesome perk of extended evening hours. Now, extended evening hours are offered a couple of times a week where deluxe resort guests get two extra hours in a particular park after it closes for the day to guests. For most of the year, extended evening hours are offered at Magic Kingdom at Epcot, but now they're returning to Animal Kingdom. Extended evening hours will be available at Disney's Animal Kingdom starting on Monday, May 4th. That day, Animal Kingdom will be open from 8:00 to 6:00. And extended evening hours will be from 6:00 to 8:00 p.m. During these hours, wait times in the park are typically non-existent, meaning you can get popular attractions done faster than you could during the daytime. If you can hang late, they're a great way to get the most of your deluxe resort stay. If you're coming to Disney World with little kids, you'll probably be looking for any chance you can get to have them burn off a little energy. Thankfully, there are several locations around Disney World property where you can find playgrounds, including the newly renovated one in Epcot. And I can say from experience that finding playgrounds in the theme parks themselves is actually so great because believe it or not, your kids can't just like run around aimlessly in those theme parks cuz you're always worried about them running into people or tripping people. So having those playgrounds is a huge deal. Anyway, in World Discovery, right next to Creation Shop, there's a playground with equipment for all the littles, from toddlers to 10-year-olds. For a while now, this playground has been surrounded by construction walls, but now it's back open. For the most part, it looks like the equipment has been refreshed and the landscaping touched up. The layout of the playground is pretty similar to how it was before with one area for toddlers and one area for older kids. There's also a seating area with tables for parents to chill out and watch their kids while they play. It's a great addition. We're nearly always excited to get more seating in the parks, and this area also has stroller parking available. Are you planning a trip to Universal Orlando soon? Universal Orlando's released a new deal that basically gets you two free days at the parks if you purchase a 7-day ticket. Universal Orlando now has an introductory offer where you can buy a 7-day park ticket for the price of a 5-day. The first option includes all four parks, Universal Studios Florida, Islands of Adventure, Epic Universe, and Volcano Bay. You can also park hop between all four parks with this ticket, as well as use the Hogwarts Express to visit the Wizarding World of Harry Potter in both Universal Studios Florida and Universal Islands of Adventure. Note that specific ticket prices will vary by day and that Volcano Bay is closed on certain days, but this is a great deal if you're planning on visiting the Universal Orlando theme parks. Adult tickets start at $75 per day and kids tickets ages 3 to 9 start at 7358 per day. Another offer is also available, though. You can get a 7-day park ticket for the price of a 5-day for three theme parks, Universal Studios Florida, Islands of Adventure, and Epic Universe. This just gets rid of Volcano Bay in this mix. This is also a ticket that allows you to hop between all three parks and use the Hogwarts Express. These ticket prices start at 65.58 per day for adults and 6415 per day for kids. Want to grab this deal? Be sure to visit the official Universal Orlando website. Disneyland Afterdark events aren't just a lot of fun. They're also a way to get to do some exclusive things in Disneyland that you can't normally do with a regular day ticket. Our favorite part of these events is that Disney also breaks out some exclusive snacks. Disney revealed a first look at some new snacks coming to its new Disneyland After Dark event, 70 Years of Favorites, which we're going to be at. Now, warning, some of these snacks might have you feeling a little nostalgic. The maple bacon cinnamon roll at Jolly Holiday Bakery Cafe and the Bura Mac and Cheese and a Bread Bowl at Refreshment Corner in Harbor Galley. You're going to want to be sure to head on over to Gibson Girl Ice Cream Parlor or the Golden Horseshoe. Indulge in the banana split. Classic and nostalgic. But more importantly, Red Rose Tavern is bringing back the poutine fries. And it looks like those slowcooked beef poutine ones that we used to love from there. These haven't been available for a while, so grab them while you can. Bengal Barbecue will be serving up grilled deahin ribs. You can grab gumbo fries at the Golden Horseshoe, Stage Door Cafe, and Hungry Bear Bbecue Jambburye as well. Disneyland After Dark, 70 Years of Favorites is happening on March 3rd and March 5th at Disneyland. Tickets are available now. And don't forget that a ticket to this special event can also get you into the park 3 hours before the official party starts. The Diamond Horseshoe is transitioning to Jesse's Roundup for Cool Kids Summer in Disney World. Starting on May 16th, the Diamond Horseshoe, the restaurant itself, is going to close for the new experience. And it's expected to return in the fall after Cool Kid summer is over. So, what's going to happen there during the summer is just going to be kind of a meet and greet for Cool Kids Summer. Now, Cool Kids Summer runs from May 26th to September 8th. We're super glad it's back again. At this experience, you can join Jesse, Woody, and friends for some energetic fun at Jesse's Roundup, where you're going to craft and dance and yodel your hearts out in the Western Review. According to Disney, Disney hasn't released too many more details on it, but we are very excited to be able to experience it ourselves. That said, I'm kind of bummed that you basically lose a whole table service dining location all summer long. Something new is coming to Universal Orlando. Lukecom's entertainment venue chain Category 10 will open its third location at Universal CityWalk. According to Universal's press release, the venue will begin construction this summer. The building's going to be massive, three stories tall across 33,000 square ft. Category 10 already has a location in Nashville and is opening another in Las Vegas. Category 10's first location in Nashville opened in 2024. The venue, named in reference to Comb's breakout hit Hurricane, is themed to be a massive hurricane that's influenced by Comb's South Carolina roots. The two existing locations feature line dancing and live music with a sports bar, lounge, and rooftop bar for dining options. The menu includes burgers, sandwiches, ribs, salads, and signature drinks, including a 64-oz sharable cocktail, Life of the Party. If you're heading to Disney World this week, there are a few big things you'll want on your radar before you lace up your sneakers or pack those mini ears. The Run Disney Princess half marathon weekend has kicked off, which means early morning road closures, heavier resort transportation crowds, and a big influx of runners and their families across the parks. Over at the airport, TSA PreCheck experienced a temporary shutdown earlier this week, causing backups and delays. So, if you're flying in soon, give yourself extra time just in case those ripple effects linger. In the parks, Rock and Roller Coaster's final day of operation is tomorrow, March 1st. So, this is your last chance to grab one more limo ride before it closes. And over in Epcot, the first day of the Flower and Garden Festival is expected to bring very high crowds, especially around the front of the park and the festival booths as everyone rushes to try the new food. Weatherwise, you're looking at a warm, humid week with scattered showers. So, pack those ponchos and plan for some midday heat. Disney and her universe have a new dress collection. We need all of them. They're athletic dresses that are perfect for your next park day. They've got full performance flexibility with attached shorts, and a built-in sports bra for comfort and support. Plus, they've got pockets. The Bell athletic dress is the prettiest yellow fabric with a gathered skirt, a printed bell signature, a mesh collar, sleeve, and pepleum, plus a satin rosette applique. The Tinkerbell athletic dress has a gathered skirt with printed pixie dust on a mesh overlay. The neckline features a shimmering Tinker Bell and pixie dust print with a satin bow applique. Snow White athletic dress has a blue top and yellow skirt reminiscent of Snow White's iconic dress. The neckline has a little bow, which really takes it to the next level. The Ariel athletic dress has the prettiest bodice with purple and teal ombre color grading. The gathered skirt has a contrast fairy tale pepleum. It's topped with a purple seaell br and an Ariel signature on the skirt. And the Cinderella athletic dress features a bodice with plasticized glass slipper icons and floral filigree at the neckline. The new story book merchandise collection is in the parks. And if you love a retro Disney vibe, you're going to want to see this. This collection is huge. We're talking jackets and ears, t-shirts, ornaments, puzzles, autograph books, blankets, tumbler cups, you name it. We found the collection at Creations Shop in Epcot and at Mickey's of Hollywood in Hollywood Studios. But definitely keep your eyes peeled all around Disney World. If you can't make it to the parks, no worries. A ton of this collection is online, too. And New Year's just scooped into Disney World. We found these adorable Beaches and Cream soda shop ears at Disney's Beach Club Resort. And they're modeled right after the retro signage from the iconic ice cream spot. If you've ever tackled the kitchen sink sundae or sworn allegiance to the No Way Jose, you know this place has a serious fan club, and I am probably the president. The design leans into that classic soda fountain vibe with bright colors and nostalgic details that instantly make me crave a sundae. If beaches and cream is a musto for you, this might be the ultimate accessory. A vintage Disney dream just made a comeback. Here's the new Lily Pulitzer throwback Disney collection. Bringing a 1975 archival print back to life. This design features Mickey and Minnie flying kites, holding balloons, painting, and playing among colorful florals and whimsical details. It feels like stepping into a retro Disney postcard. If you love classic Disney style with a bold vintage twist, this could be yours. And that's going to wrap up today's Disney news. Make sure you're following us over on social so you don't miss a single update or surprise or the chaos we are about to embark on in the month of March, my friends. And don't forget to sign up for our free DFB newsletter. This is the easiest way to stay ahead of all the big changes and all the fun stuff we've got coming your way very soon. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Vlog and we'll see you real soon.
