---
video_id: o9cg1kfi2EU
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Latest Disney News: We Saw World of Frozen in Paris, Grand Floridian Tea Room is Open & MORE!"
published: 2026-03-21
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9cg1kfi2EU
---
We've officially stepped inside the world of Frozen in Disneyland Paris and the brand new Adventure World. Meanwhile, over in Disney World, the Grand Fian Tea Room has finally reopened for the first time in 6 years. But that's not all. Disney has a brand new CEO stepping into the spotlight, and they just announced yet another cruise ship and its name joining the fleet. All the latest Disney theme park news is coming up right now here on DFB Guide. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. Good news, the DFP team finally made it to Disneyland Paris after the wildest travel story. If you don't know what I'm talking about, you should go check out our travel diaries on Instagram. After a few days running around Europe, we finally made it to the new World of Frozen and Disney Adventure World at Disneyland Paris. So, let's dive right in. We finally made it. After 2 weeks of 18-hour plane rides, countless hours spent in airports, canceled flights, a cruise, and a surprise visit to Daftling, we finally made it to Disneyland Paris, just one week later than expected. You know, no biggie. Disneyland Paris recently completely reimagined its Walt Disney Studios park into Disney Adventure World, and it's bringing new rides, new lands, new entertainment, and more to DLP. Disney Adventure World features five distinct lands with more on the way. World Premiere Plaza is where Disney and Pixar stories are coming to new life through rides and shows and special characters. We started our adventure, appropriately enough, on Adventure Way, where we rode Rapon Tangled Spin, one of Disney's first ever Tangled rides. There's also one over in Fantasy Springs. It's a super cute sort of teacups attraction, and the Kingdom Dance song plays while you spin around. The ride itself is pretty short, but the details are very beautiful, especially the painted ceiling overhead. Keep an eye out in the queue, too. You'll spot Rapunzel's baking and painting supplies, plus Pascal hanging out on the gates. Speaking of Rapunzel, we also got to see the musical moment with Rapunzel and Flynn, a show with Rapunzel and Flynn in the Adventure Way gazebo garden. Then we saw another musical moment, the Disney marching band here. Minnie leads the band as they play Disney songs. They were playing Into the Unknown and Prince Ali when they marched by us. Oh, and you can meet Mickey and Minnie in new outfits that are Victorian inspired. We just happened to run into Mickey, and he looks sharp. We were really excited, though, to see the new world of Frozen, which is similar to the one we nerded out over in Hong Kong Disneyland. Looks a lot like the same world we saw in Hong Kong, but it's still very impressive. Of course, this is where you'll find Frozen Ever After, the ride I'm sure we've all ridden in Epcot. We did have a chance to say hello to Mossi, that baby troll that you'll see wandering around the land. He is adorable. This version of Arendelle also includes a special meet and greet. Oh, and animatronic Olaf. You can meet Anna and Elsa inside Arendelle Castle at the Royal Encounter. And you can go inside Arendelle Castle this time. The waiting area for the castle has a lot of nods to the Frozen movies. There's also a brand new restaurant called the Regal View Restaurant, which is character dining with the princesses. Eventually, the park will also have a land themed around the Lion King with the Lion King ride. That won't be open for a little while longer, though. Oh, and also there's a small sort of quicks service restaurant as well. For an even closer look at the world of Frozen at Disney Adventure World, head to our social media at Disney Food Blog for more information. We're covering it all as we get it. And you can check out our website at disneyfoodblog.com for all the reviews. So Disney has announced the name of their fourth wish class cruise ship, the Disney Believe. The Believe will be centered around a theme of promises and possibilities. We're going to see Snow White and Moana, Frozen, Encanto, the Little Mermaid represented. But Disney's promo video also showed characters like Jack and Sally from Nightmare Before Christmas. Excuse me, what? Groot, Iron Man, and Flynn and Rapunzel. So fingers crossed we see some of those characters on the ship as well. The new ship debuts in 2027. This will be the ninth ship in Disney's fleet. We'll see you there. Okay, now I am super excited to tell you about this. This is going to be one of the coolest experiences ever. On May 9th, I will be hosting a very special Mother's Day weekend event in Chicago, Illinois at the Walt Disney birthplace. You'll get to experience the historic home where Walt Disney was born and hang out with other Disney fans, families, moms, and me. Now, there are two options for tickets right now until they sell out. The first is a VIP ticket which will get you in addition to a book and a tour of the Walt Disney birthplace. You will also get to be in the audience for a live Q&amp;A with me and of course also get your book signed. You'll get a book with this ticket and get your book signed and meet me and everything like that. The other ticket will get you a tour of the Walt Disney birthplace and a book signed and selfie chance with me, but not the live Q&amp;A. So, that's the difference between the two ticket types. I am so excited to be there. I'm excited to hang out with our executive editor of Disney Food Blog, Emily Becker. She's going to be there with me. I am so happy that I get the chance to meet a whole bunch of you, I hope, in Chicago. The link for tickets is in the description below, and I'll see you there. It's official. The Garden View Lounge at Disney's Grand Fian Resort is open once again. After being closed since 2020, this iconic tea room has finally returned with a refreshed interior, updated menu, and a whole new lineup of treats that you are going to love. Guests were welcomed back right at 11:00 a.m. on Thursday. It's opening day. There weren't any big opening day fanfare moments, but the excitement from everyone walking in for the first time in years was unmistakable. We're getting closer and closer to the opening of Rock and Roller Coaster starring the Muppets at Disney's Hollywood Studios, and we cannot wait to be rocking and rolling with the Electric Mayhem. Disney has now confirmed that this ride will be available during both early theme park entry and extended evening hours for deluxe hotel guests. Folks staying at the Walt Disney World Resort Hotels have access to an added perk, that extra time in the theme parks. And all resort hotel guests have access to early theme park entry every morning. And only guests staying at deluxe hotels and villas can enjoy extended evening hours at select parks on certain nights. So this means that Rock and Roller Coasters starring the Muppets will be available as part of both of those extra time benefits. Josh Dearo is officially Disney's CEO as of March 18th. Now, here are some of the major Disney parks projects he's going to be overseeing in his first year. The opening of Disney Adventure World at Disneyland Paris. The opening of Walt Disney Studios at Hollywood Studios. Rock and roller coaster starring the Muppets. Soaring across America and the Mandalorian and Grou coming to Millennium Falcon Smugglers Run. Avengers Infinity Defense in Stark Flight Lab coming to Disney California Adventure. And that is just the beginning, y'all. He'll also be overseeing development on Monsters Inc. land, Piston Peak, Pablo Espironza, and an Avatar themed land coming to Disneyland, plus the brand new Disney park currently in development in Abu Dhabi. And of course, the Cocoa Boat Ride in Disney California Adventure. It's going to be a big first year. Two temporary closures have been announced at Disney World. From mid July through October 2026, the Grand Fian Cafe will temporarily close for a refresh. A muchneeded one, if you ask me. Don't worry, though. You can still get your brunch fixed. During the closure, brunch will move over to Citricose. Over at Disney's Wilderness Lodge, the Wilderness Lodge Boat Dock will undergo routine maintenance starting April 13th and will go through late July 2026. Boat transportation will be suspended from April 13th to May 1st while the dock is closed. Want to make sure you don't miss any closure announcements for your upcoming Disney World vacation? No problem. Head to disneyfoodblog.com/calar or click the link down below and we'll send you our free Disney World calendar so you can keep track of all those closures. Hollywood Studios is getting a huge new expansion dedicated to Monsters Inc. and we've got some updates on the land for you. One ride coming to Monstropolis is a hanging door roller coaster. As you already know, your seat will actually be picked up and you'll be added to the rows of doors and you'll say hi to Sully, Mike, and Buu. This has been the main work going on in the land. The back area, which was part of the cast member parking lot, has been taken over, and the shape of the building is starting to appear. We've been watching them work on the ground, and you can really tell how huge it is. We're also always grateful for these aerial photos from Bio Reconstruct over on Instagram. He's on a bunch of other platforms, too. Follow him on YouTube, etc. We love this photo in particular cuz it looks like a roller coaster track. It is not. It's instead an electrical conduit in rebar for the foundation of the building, but it's making me pretty excited to see the twists and turns that will eventually be here. Now, this used to be Gonzo's Royal Flesh, the bathroom next to Pizza Rizzo. Do you think they'll rename the bathroom or just call it a bathroom? I hope it gets a fun name or even looks like the one from the movie. Now, this is the old Mama Melrose, which was an Italian restaurant. Looks like they've been working on the ground and retheing the buildings. We're expecting the buildings to look somewhat similar because Monstropolis is planned to have a street look, but they should look more themed towards monsters, obviously. And we have to take a look at the old Muppet Vision Theater, which is devastating to see. This is expected to be turned into a Monsters Inc. themed show, but we haven't gotten very many details yet. One piece of concept art called it the Glob. Get it? Kind of like the Globe, maybe. Anyway, we're seriously very excited for this land to open. Keep following DFB for more announcements as they pop up. Disneyland has lost its culinary director. The Orange County Register confirmed with Disneyland officials that Andrew Sutton, culinary director of signature dining for the Disneyland Resort, has left the company. Those officials have not given a reason for Sutton's departure. Sutton's been with Disney for a very long time, and he was part of the recent refurbishment and revamping of Napa Rose, the Grand Californiaiforn. He was also at the helm of Cara Circle and Disney California Adventure and of course the private Club 33 and 21 Royal, which is that $18,000 multicourse dining experience in New Orleans Square. We have a video all about it. You can go check it out. Before serving as Disneyland's culinary director, he graduated from the Culinary Institute of America. Chef Andrew served as the executive chef at Ober D Sole in Napa Valley where he won two chef of the year awards. As culinary director for Disney, he has garnered critical acclaim and multiple awards for Disney restaurants. Disney Pixar's latest release, Hoppers, has been performing pretty well since its release a couple of weeks ago. It's received a critic score of 93% and an audience score of 94 on Rotten Tomatoes while also doing well at the box office. Now, the playful friends from the Glades have made their way to the Disneyland Resort. There's now a new experience called Mabel Seek and Find Activity at the Redwood Creek Challenge Trail at Disney California Adventure. Hop into your favorite animal and explore the entirety of the trail while completing several challenges to bring all the animals back to the glade. Once you enter, you'll get a pencil and hear about the pond rules. After that, you'll get a choice of four different maps depicting four different characters: King George, Insect Queen, Ellen Bear, and Tom Lizard. Once you get through your specific characters challenges and find them, you'll need to head toward the Beaver Dam for the final challenge on the seek and find map, finding Mabel. Then head back to the trail entrance where you can return your pencil to a cast member. You'll also have to show your character's uncoded secret message. After that, you'll get a special prize. The prize stickers, one of your character and one of Mabel that reads, "Challenge complete." If you've been circling Disney Springs like a vulture, looking for a parking spot these past few months, your struggle era might be over. The Lime Garage is back. After being closed for an extended refurbishment and making weekend parking feel like a competitive sport, the garage has finally reopened for good. So, if you've been avoiding Disney Springs because parking felt like a boss level challenge, consider this your green light, or should I say your limelight. Peanut butter fans, listen up. We tried the new peanut butter crunch cake at the Cake Bake Shop Bakery, and they knocked it out of the park. The chocolate is rich and dark, and the peanut butter flavor is super soft and delicate. It's more like fluffy peanut butter buttercream than that intense Reese's style peanut butter. Inside you've got that dreamy peanut butter buttercream, chocolate ganache, and little dark chocolate pearls that add crunch. The buttercream is the star, though. It is so soft and fluffy, almost like super soft cookie dough. I'm so sad this is only around for March cuz it deserves a permanent spot on the menu. And another new sweet treat from Cake Bake is the coconut cream pie. This one's $12. It's got layers. When you first get it, it's basically filled to the brim with whipped cream. And the whipped cream itself is pretty standard, so the first bite isn't super mind-blowing. Under that, you'll find a vanilla custard, and at the bottom, there's a graham cracker crust with toasted coconut flakes. The coconut flavor really hits once you get towards the bottom. Best tip, mix it if you want the full coconut experience. We're adding another trash candy to the collection. Disney made a Polynesian themed trash can candy holder. You can find these at the confectionary in Magic Kingdom, screen door at the boardwalk and more spots around the resort. And yes, the little push flap even works. For $14.99, you can grab one. But there's a catch. You'll need to purchase at least a half pound of candy. So, make sure you bring your sweet tooth. It's the perfect combo of Disney themed and functional because why wouldn't you want to stash your sweets in a tiny replica trash can? Caramel Cusha, you better listen up. Universal is coming for your gig, girl. Over at Sugar Plum Sweet Shop, we found the butterbeer shortbread bar for 8.52 for butterbeer season. Now, this is giving serious caramel cush caramel butter bar energy. If you know, you know. This one is super buttery, soft, and slightly flaky topped with a drizzle of what tastes like white chocolate and a decorative butterbeer logo. The filling leans salty caramel butterscotch, which gives it that classic butterbeer vibe. Even though, like many butterbeer treats, it's more butterscotch than actual butterbeer flavor, whatever that is. The salted caramel brings enough salt to balance the sweetness so it doesn't feel like a total sugar overload. And it's sturdy enough to eat on the go without crumbling everywhere. Basically, imagine if Caramel Cusha's famous caramel butter bar took a trip to the Wizarding World and came back with a butterbeer makeover. You can find it during butterbeer season at Universal Orlando happening now through May 31st. Spring break crowds have officially arrived in Disney World, y'all. If you're heading to the parks this week or soon during one of the busiest times of the year, here are a few tips to help you survive the chaos. Crowds will definitely be high, but they can still vary quite a bit dayto-day, and even inside the parks, it can be crowded in one area and not crowded in another. Just keep in mind that weekends tend to be especially busy, particularly in Epcot thanks to the Flower and Garden Festival. Don't forget to plan your dining, too. People focus so much on ride lines that they forget restaurants get packed. If you're using mobile order, you can actually schedule it in advance and adjust your pickup window later if you need to. We always recommend doing that. Popular quick service spots fill up fast. You can also check the mobile dine walk up weight list in the My Disney Experience app to see if there's any last minute restaurant availability for you. And your best strategy for rides besides Lightning Lanes is of course rope drop and park close. Rope dropping means arriving about 30 to 60 minutes before the park opens. And the first two hours and the last two hours of the night usually have the shortest weights. What's lucky about that is it's also the coolest time of the day in Orlando. Now, if you need a break, try doing a midday hotel rest instead of starting late or leaving early. Now, don't forget about that weather. Like I said, March and April are when the temperatures start to climb and rain showers pop up more often. Sunscreen, cooling towels, hand fans, umbrellas, ponchos, even an extra pair of socks can make a huge difference during a long park day. If you're flying into Orlando soon, especially through Orlando International Airport, brace yourself because airport security lines have been serious. Spring break crowds are in full swing, not only in the parks and MCO is seeing a major surge in travelers right now. Storms across Central Florida and TSA staffing concerns tied to the ongoing government shutdown have contributed to longer wait times and more unpredictable lines. Even on days when the airport looks kind of calm, wait times can jump quickly. Some checkpoints have hit 40 minutes during peak periods this week. With millions of passengers expected to pass through MCO during the travel window, it's definitely not the time to cut things close. So, if you're heading to Disney World soon or traveling anywhere, make sure you give yourself plenty of extra time at the airport. Get there early. Check those TSA wait time tools before you leave. For example, did you know you can check MCO weight times before you get to the airport? Yep. Check it out on the MCO app. You should definitely look at that. and build in a buffer so you're not starting your vacation stressed out before you even get on the plane or ending your wonderful vacation by missing your flight home. Now, if you've ever stepped off Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway humming that song for the rest of the day, this one's for you. A wearable tribute to the catchiest tune in Hollywood Studios. You can grab one for yourself or another fabulous theme park design over at dfbstore.com or you can even shop through this video. Looks like we know it's replacing the old Vulcom store in Disney Springs. When we stopped by this week, we spotted new signage in the windows featuring a classic black and white checkerboard pattern, plus a Van's logo on the door, confirming that a van store is coming soon to this space. There's no official opening date yet, but branding in the windows is a pretty big clue that things are moving along. We'll definitely be keeping an eye out for more updates as this new shop gets closer to opening. Lots of people think the most important thing for your Disney World trip is wearing the right shoes. And while that's certainly not wrong, there's something else that's almost as important. The right socks. We recently checked out a pair of Disney socks we spotted online, and we've got to admit, we didn't have high hopes, but these were very cute and comfortable all day. These cartoon character socks are available online for just about $17, which isn't too bad at four pairs of Disney themed socks. They were soft and comfortable the whole day and didn't have any issues slipping down. We love you can mix and match the socks as you'd like. And even if the rest of your outfit isn't Disney themed, throw these on and you're ready to go. Our only complaint is we wish there were more characters to collect and choose from. Compared to other Amazon socks we've tried, these are easily at the top of our list and we'd buy them again. If you want a pair for yourself, grab them at the link down below. And that's going to do it for today's round of Disney news. I know so much happened this week. Josh, tomorrow, we've got the believe. We've got all kinds of good stuff. So, thank you for hanging out with me and staying in the loop. Things are changing fast in the parks and we're here every step of the way to help you plan smarter and have way more fun. If you want even more updates through the week, make sure you're following us over on Instagram, Tik Tok, Facebook, and don't forget to sign up for our free newsletter so you never miss the big stuff. We got a lot of exciting things coming up and you're definitely going to want to be a part of it. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real soon.
