---
video_id: 3rp8z1oSsGQ
channel: DFBGuide
title: "The Smart Way to Do Disney World"
published: 2026-04-09
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rp8z1oSsGQ
---
Between my decades and decades of Disney World experience and our DFB reporters being inside the parks every single day, we now know how to do Disney World the smart way, no matter who we're traveling with. So, let's have a chat, you and me, so I can fill you in on the smartest ways to take on Disney World, depending on who you're with. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food. Let's pretend that this isn't a DFB video for just a second. Instead, you and I are meeting up at a coffee shop. And while I start to take my first sip of English breakfast, you go, "AJ, I need help planning a Disney World vacation with the people I'm getting ready to travel with because they sure are throwing me curveball after curveball." And that's when I sit my cup of tea down and lace my fingers together and go, "You want the smart way to do Disney with these people?" I'm going to give you the truth because unlike the coffee in your hand, I'm not going to sugarcoat it. So, are you ready for some cold, hard, factual honesty? Great. Then, without further ado, here is how to do Disney World the smart way. Here's how to do Disney World the smart way with someone who has zero patience. The microwave meal mentality isn't going to cut it in Disney World. You've got to assume those parks are always going to be busy, even during Disney's historic slow seasons, like when all the kids are heading back to school. Cuz a visit to Disney World on a weekday at the end of August could still mean a popular coaster like Tron Light Cycle Run in Magic Kingdom is going to rack up 65minute waits by the afternoon. That's just how it operates. So the best thing you can do to prepare the folks in your group who have absolutely zero patience when it comes to crowds and waits is to a triple check and make sure they actually want to spend the money on a Disney World vacation in the first place cuz crowds and lines will happen regardless of when you go. and B, if they are sure, always brace yourself for the crowds to be at their peak and then be pleasantly surprised if they're not as bad as you were expecting them to be. So, plan for the worst and hope for the best. We've got a whole video out now that goes in-depth about what you should do when Disney World is packed if you want to check that out next. But, here are a few speedy things you'll want to definitely study up on more if you want to avoid the crowds as much as you can. First, lightning lanes. To help you bypass the main ride cues in exchange for much shorter cues, you're going to buy lightning lanes. And yes, they will cost you extra. Second, early theme park entry and extended evening hours. This is basically extra time in the parks when nobody else is allowed to be in there, and it helps hotel guests either enter the parks 30 minutes early or stay in the parks 2 hours after they close for lighter ride line crowds. Extended evening hours are only available for deluxe resort guests on select days, but early entry is available for all Disney hotel guests on all days. Third, after hours events to help you stay in the parks even longer. up to 3 hours after they close for even fewer crowds. Now, this is open to and available to anyone who wants to pay for a ticket for the events. And the after hours price also includes unlimited snacks at select food carts, too. I especially love after hours events in the summer because first, the parks stay open even later than even later to do your after hours event. So, you got a lot of park day time on that day that you're there. And also during the summer when you do an after hours event, the sun's going to be down. So it's not going to be beating down on you and basically destroying your whole world while you are in Disney World. It's much, much easier to do the parks at night when it's not so hot. Fourth, mobile ordering. This is going to help you bypass quick service ordering lines and save you a ton of time. You're going to access this through the My Disney Experience app. Also, heads up, mobile checkout. If you're in many of the larger gift shops in Disney, you're going to be able to use mobile checkout, which means you get to completely skip the checkout lines. And five, those transportation pitfalls. You're going to want to understand how crowded some of Disney's free transportation gets at the start and the end of the day. It's not a bad idea to invest more in a ride share budget just in case those lengthy free transpo lines end up sending your group over the edge. But remember, if you're at Magic Kingdom and you're going to take a ride share that's not a minivan, which is Disney's exclusive ride share program, then you're going to still have to get over to the transportation and ticket center, which is where ride shares pick up and drop off over there. Now, how do you do Disney the smart way with new parents? There's been an ongoing debate in the Disney fan community for years about whether or not you should take a baby to Disney World, but at the end of the day, that's all up to the parents discretion. I will say from personal experience, taking your baby to Disney World is a mixed bag. I have awesome memories of taking my son to Disney when he was tiny and taking advantage of his free admission, no doubt, since kids under three get into the parks for no extra cost. But I also have memories of him absolutely pitching a fit in the middle of Disney's nicer restaurants that I still have nightmares about to this day. So, if you or someone in your group wants to take a baby to Disney World, here's a few things you need to keep in mind. First, stick to your routines. meal routines, nap routines, bath routines, bedtime routines, even afternoon snack routines. I know a Disney World trip is the exact opposite of your average, but fighting to maintain some sort of semblance of your baby's at home schedule can do wonders for both you and your little one when you're trying to keep emotions regulated in a highly stimulating environment. Two, take advantage of baby care centers. For real, baby care centers are lifesavers. Every park has one, and each of them are run by cast member angels, at least in our personal experience, and stocked with just about everything you could need for your kiddo, including a peaceful air conditioned room with rocking chairs, changing tables, and tons of supplies. Three, you're never going to be as prepared as you think you are. But that's why we recommend bringing extras in your diaper bags. Extra onesies, extra diapers, extra adult clothes because whatever you need the extra onesies and the extra diapers for can also get on your adult clothes. And however many wipes you think you're going to need, just double that. Also, keep in mind that those baby care centers do sell all those supplies, baby food, formula, etc. if you're in a pinch. But just be flexible. It's very hard to go to Disney World with a baby and try to do everything unless your kid is super chill. So, be aware that the best laid plans might need to be changed sometimes at the last minute. Oh, one more tip with babies, add some money to your budget to pay cancellation fees for some of those restaurant reservations. We had several times where my kid just was not going to be able to do a sit-down meal and we had to basically bail on it and pay the cancellation fee, which is $10 per person for most of Disney's restaurants. So, just be aware that that might happen. It happens to all of us. Now, how do you do Disney the smart way with a penny pincher? Yep, Disney's super expensive. We kind of already pieced that together after dropping thousands on a hotel room and tickets. But even after making those initial investments, you might have the in-laws or the grandparents in your group that can't help but grumble every time you have to pay for something else inside the Disney World bubble. Cuz things don't get any less expensive once you're here. Spending money on any sort of vacation is inevitable. And when you're somewhere that's specifically targeting tourists, naturally everything's going to be a whole lot pricier and not exactly penny pincher friendly. But that doesn't mean you can't save money here and there in the middle of your Disney vacation to maybe keep the grumbling at bay for at least a little while. First option, skip the park ticket. It's totally possible to fill a Disney day or even multiple days just exploring the Disney Springs shopping district and taking Disney's free transportation around to different themed hotels. You're bound to find free entertainment across these locations, too, like free live music at the Springs, free bonfires at the resorts, free animal savannah views at Animal Kingdom Lodge, just a whole lot of free stuff. And if you want some help planning out a nonpart Disney day, then download our also free nonpark day at Disney World guide by scanning the QR code you see on the screen or by clicking the link in the description for Disneyfoodblog.com/ortday after this. Second, go grocery shopping. Don't want to keep spending money on Disney food? You don't have to. Especially if your room has a fridge in a kitchen or even a kitchenet, go grocery shopping on the day you check into your hotel, or if you don't want to interrupt your first day of vacation plans. Have the groceries delivered to your resorts bell services desk for you to pick up later on. Making sure that one or two of your meals each day are just from the grocery store versus from Disney's restaurants will save a ton. Third, load up on those Disney gift cards. Now, I know Disney gift card money is still money, but there's something that feels different about using a loaded gift card versus your credit card or cash to pay for stuff. It's more like you already spent the money beforehand to load up the card, so it's now free game to use however you see fit around the parks. You can even get Disney gift cards discounted at select big box locations that have membership programs, including Target, which allows Red Card members to save 5% on all Disney gift cards. So, it's like getting money for less money. Plus, gift cards help you to budget. If you tend to be one of those folks that justifies extra expenditures by just saying, you know, yolo, man, this you got to be in the moment and you know that's a an issue for you. Go ahead and fill up those gift cards with how much you want to spend and once you're done, you're done. But then again, not everyone has the same thought process about spending money during vacation. Perhaps you're traveling with your in-laws and their kiddos and they're ready to spend a lot of money on back-to-back character dining experiences. Or maybe you're traveling with your grandparents who refuse to stay anywhere else on Disney property other than the ultra expensive Grand Fian Resort. While there's nothing wrong with spending the money if you've got it saved up to spend, it's understandably frustrating when members of the group want to splurge on deluxe hotel stays and super fancy dining and premium spa packages almost every day and you're suddenly starting to realize that their tax bracket doesn't see eye to eye with yours. But there are ways to handle this with care. First, if some members of your group are bound and determined to eat at the ultra fancy Victoria and Alberts and Grand Fian resorts, but your daily food budget is not stretching to that level, it's okay to split up your group and allow some members to do one thing while others do something else. Don't worry about it, just split up. Decide where and what time to get the whole group together so you can connect later on. Second, realize what you're asking. If you're the one who's ready to spend boo during your Disney World vacation, just understand that not everyone in your group may be thrilled with the idea of spending a whole lot extra on top of what they're already spending. So, if they say no to that VIP fireworks dining experience that you were really excited for, it's something that you got to respect, but also something you're more than welcome to still do yourself if you saved for it. Again, splitting up doesn't have to be something offensive. It's just something that allows each member in a group to do the things they want to do. And of course, communicate. No one likes being told what they need to splurge on at a restaurant or hotel or tequila tasting at the last second. So, make sure that your group has a planning night, maybe 6 months to a year out, so that everyone can discuss their Disney budget and be on the same page and plan to save accordingly. So, here's the great thing about Disney World. Well, one of the great things, right? There's lots of food. Lots of food everywhere. Is all of it going to hit it out of the ballpark? No. Disney is still susceptible to the hockey puck burgers and the chewy jumbo pretzels just like any other theme park out there. But if you choose to settle on these foods, well, that's on you, cuz Disney's so much more than the sum of its overly puffy pizzas. There's just one problem. There are literally hundreds of places for you to potentially eat resortwide, and that can get overwhelming. Believe me, I know it's what I do for a living. But if you're really trying to impress someone in your group who's more of a foodie and therefore more of a food snob maybe. Here are a few tips on where to start your restaurant searches. First, budget back for those award winners. Would you believe me if I told you several of Disney's restaurants have been Michelin recognized. One has even been Michelin awarded. It's true. Michelin has awarded a star to Victoria and Alberts over at Disney's Grand Fian Resort and has also recognized other Disney restaurants like California Grill in Disney's Contemporary Resort, Morimoto Asia at Disney Springs, Tapa Steak and Seafood inside Grandino Tower at Disney's Coronado Springs, and The Polite Pig also at Disney Springs. Next, you can pick at least one meal or more to eat outside of the parks. Notice how all those Michelin recognized and awarded restaurants were outside of the theme parks. Well, that's because the dining across Disney's moderate and deluxe resorts, and some of the Disney Springs restaurants tend to have a higher success rate when it comes to food quality and consistency. That's not to say the parks don't have quality restaurants, too. As you know, I adore eating at places like Lelier and Epcot and Nomad Lounge and Animal Kingdom and Hollywood Brown Derby. But, as far as the odds are concerned, you're more likely to impress the foodie of your group with a meal outside of the parks rather than inside. with the one caveat maybe being takumite in the Japan pavilion in Epcot. They might go for that. Next, you could spend a little now to save a lot of heartbreak later. This is just the beginning of your Disney dining research, friends. So, let us help you out. Our DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining is a multi-art digital companion that literally has reviews of every single restaurant on property and current reviews at that. The 101 section even has multiple chapters dedicated solely to impressing the not so easily impressed, including chapters on signature dining locations and seasonal flavors and special events, date nights, special occasions, and more. You can pick up our guide today over at dfbstore.com. Just make sure to type in code discount YouTube before you check out. Now, I can give you my whole bullet point list of ways to beat the heat. portable fans, lots of sunscreen, take breaks, find air conditioning, stay hydrated. But here's what I want to tell you beyond all that. It's okay to give up. Let me say it again. It's okay to give up. When it's 2:00 p.m. and you're in Animal Kingdom and it's a gazillion degrees out and your whole group is cranky and tired and absolutely fried physically and emotionally, you're not a failure for waving the white flag for everyone's sake. Go back to your hotel. Maybe door dash your group some yummy treats and have everyone crash for a little bit because there's no use in forcing the fun if the fun literally melted like an ice cube just as soon as the temperature hit 95 degrees. The good thing about your park tickets is you can still scan back into the park later that day when everyone feels like it. If everyone feels like it. And if everyone doesn't feel like it, I know it can feel like a waste of money to not return to the park for evening shenanigans. But I can say for a fact that the days I accepted that a full stop needed to happen actually probably saved the rest of my family's trip. Cuz you go from everyone being snippy at each other while you're in line to meet Pluto to mom and dad relaxing by the hotel pool with a my tie while everybody else slides down water slides and floats on lazy rivers and everyone's suddenly magically in a much better mood again. And that's what it's all about, right? It's not about racking up the rides. It's about enjoying time together. And if you hate each other right now, it's not worth the money to be in there racking up the ride. So, head back to your hotel, have some time by the pool, get some treats and snacks, go for a nice walk together as a family at night, and then get to bed early so you're all recharged, rested, and ready to go the next day. Yep, I was a super sensor kiddo back in the day. And frankly, sometimes I'm a super sensor adult. Super sensor is the term I've coined for kids who were like me who really get triggered by loud noises or intense smell changes, sudden dark tunnels, the blow wind in your face effects or anything else. It's just kind of startling when you're used to a life of quiet park days or Saturday morning cartoons at low volume. Some Disney experiences feel a little bit more obviously intimidating, like the Haunted Mansion or Tower of Terror. But then there are the ones that nobody warned you or your kid about. Just the other day, I learned that a friend took her preschooler on the Barntormer in Magic Kingdom. And while that's supposed to be more of a starter kids coaster, it totally rattled that poor thing. I've seen multiple people post about how Slinky Dog Dash in Hollywood Studios is way too intense for some younger kids cuz of all the dips and launches and bunny hills that make you feel like you're kind of going out of your seat. Rainforest Cafe might be advertised as family fun, but when the thunder and lightning in the restaurant starts up and the animals start acting out, don't be surprised if that bottom lip starts trembling. And let's not forget, never forget that journey into imagination with Figment literally ends with a blast that I still cover my eyes and ears and brace myself for. So, as someone who's constantly been through the super sensor trenches, here's what I can say about it. Your best strategy before you go allin with a Disney World vacation is to test those waters and see if your kids actually going to enjoy themselves as much as you hope they will. Take them to an amusement park or a 4D theater or your local Chuck-E-Cheese even and see how they respond to loud sounds or sudden jerky jerky ride movements or special effects that are a little more in your face. And if they don't pass the test, don't force the trip. Disney's a lot. It's overstimulating on purpose, and giving you and your kids a few years to figure out how to pull off a vacation like this without it leading to therapy in a couple years is going to be in everyone's best interest. Recently, I took one of the best Disney World vacations ever with my mom, and I wouldn't trade those memories for the world. I know taking grandma and grandpa on a physically demanding vacation can sound like the worst idea ever, but here are a few things that I learned that I learned about before and during the trip with my mom who's in her 80s that really worked for both of us. First, figure out the ECV stuff now rather than later. If you'd rather rent a stroller or ECV, that's an electric conveyance vehicle that you can keep with you all trip long instead of having to rent a new one each day. And if you'd rather not gamble on whether or not these rentals will sell out before you get there, you can always rent a stroller or ECV through a reliable third-party company Disney uses and partners with ScooterBug. Not only do these rental services give you a reliable set of wheels all vacation long, but they may be able to deliver your ECV or stroller directly to your hotel for you, so you don't have to worry about picking it up. Second, most of these rides are old people friendly. Now, sure, you're probably not going to be taking dear old Papy Joe on Space Mountain, cuz that coaster is hard to get in and out of, even as a notelderly person yet, but those all rider attractions around the parks are great for literally the whole family. My mom's favorite ride was Flight of Passage. She's 84, so don't underestimate them. They love riding on the back of Flying Banshees just as much as you do. Maybe also consider a relaxing resort. Resorts that are more kind of in the mix, like all the different value hotels, can be more exhausting rather than restful. Instead, you may want to splurge a little extra for a relaxing stay, like at Old Key West or Grandino Tower at Coronado Springs. Wilderness Lodge is my mom's personal favorite, and she loves it there. And let's take a moment for naps. Much like waving the white flag on a 95°ree day with 100% humidity in Disney World, keep tabs on your old folk and accept the fact that they're going to need a whole lot more breaks throughout the day and a whole lot more catnaps back at the hotel, too. And when I talk about old folks, I mean me, because I need a lot of naps. So, I get it. When you or someone in your group has a certain food allergy or intolerance, the thought of dining around any sort of theme park property that has to quickly service thousands of people each day sounds intimidating. And I'm not saying you should ever let your guard down, but I am saying Disney will work alongside you to help you feel as comfortable as you can when it comes to your dining decisions. Now, let's address the elephant in the room real quick. It is true that Disney has made some changes lately that have not necessarily been super popular with special diet groups. Earlier this year, Disney took away the option where you can mark special dietary requests online when booking a table service restaurant. Now, when you go to make a reservation, you'll see a notification warning that guests must notify their server about any allergyfriendly requests once they're there. The notice further states that if anyone needs more info about allergy specifics that they need to ask to speak with Disney Special Diets trained personnel upon arrival at the location. Again, it's understandable that a change like this can feel unsettling when there's comfort in knowing that you've crossed your tees and dotted your eyes before you even get to the restaurant. doing everything in your power to prepare the restaurant for your special diet accommodations. But just because Disney isn't having you note specific dietary requests during the advanced dining reservation process anymore doesn't mean you can't contact Disney ahead of time about special diet questions and concerns before your trip. You can contact the special diets department. That's special.diets@dworld.com diets@dworld.com or call 407824-5967 with any specific questions you might have so you can get the information you need. We've actually got a whole free guide that has more than 20 pages worth of information about navigating Disney World with special diets, including a few restaurant recommendations that we threw in the mix, too. So, if this is something you really want to learn more about to make sure you're handling food allergies and intolerances the smartest way you can, you can pick that up today over at disneyfoodblog.com/special diet. So, you might have the typea black or white all or nothing kind of person in your group. You might even be that person, the person who wants to do everything in each park, but if you miss something, then you feel like the whole day has been a wash. Maybe with a park like Animal Kingdom, doing everything in a day is a whole lot more feasible. But with the other parks, not so much. Magic Kingdom has over 20 attractions. Hollywood Studios has back-to-back live entertainment performances along with e rides. And Epcot not only has rides and shows, but 11 different countries for you to explore. Maybe even a festival thrown in the mix, too. Instead of having your daily park goal be accomplishing everything, collaborate with your group and figure out the top five things you want to do. That way, checking off everything in your list feels way more achievable, and anything else you get the chance to do feels more like the icing, sprinkles, gravy, and cherries on top of an already successful day. There are those of us who will pull out our phones and start scrolling anytime there's a lull in a park day. And then there are those of us who don't want to be on our phones at all. I don't know where you fall on that spectrum, but I do know that Disney World demands a lot of screen time. How dare they make their free app so convenient? The My Disney Experience app is the Swiss Army knife of your vacation. It holds your tickets, your lightning lanes, your dining reservations, your mobile orders, your park maps, your wait time updates, your hotel keys, your photo pass photos, your parking spot information. And that's just the main stuff. There's a whole lot more going on in this app. Even a section where you can set up a digital doctor's appointment if you need one. The My Disney Experience app is one of the handiest tools you'll use all trip long, but it does mean you'll be using your phone a lot more than maybe you were expecting. If you're afraid the My Disney Experience app is going to take up too much of your attention when you're trying your best to appreciate all the imagineering details around each park, my advice is this. First, download the My Disney Experience app anyways. If you download this app early on and start to familiarize yourself with it, that'll keep you from having to familiarize yourself with it during your trip. Two, figure out which parts are going to be the most useful. Don't want to use Lightning Lanes or purchase photo pass? That's great. You don't have to find out which parts of the app are actually going to be useful for the details of your trip, then abandon all the rest. Now, I know I just rattled off a lot of things that the My Disney Experience app does, but in all honesty, those really shouldn't take up too much of your time. It's just the constant scrolling and refreshing for lightning lanes and mobile orders and restaurants and wait times that can get a little bit distracting if you allow them to. But if you again do a little preparation ahead of time and know exactly which Lightning Lanes you want to prioritize or which places you want to mobile order from and when, or you make dining reservations in advance instead of attempting to find them the day of, you can use all these different features still and they shouldn't take more than a minute or two of your time as long as you've got self-restraint on your side. and take screenshots of what you'll need during the day so you don't have to keep fully opening up your app and reconnecting every time. This is where the battery draining and accidental doom scrolling spiral really gets you. It's the constant I got to open my app and recheck my dining reservations and my lighting schedule over and over and over again. But if you take a screenshot of your main plans and maybe even make them into your phone's wallpaper, you can just look down at your phone's main screen without even unlocking it fully and still get the info you need a refresh on. And then you don't go into the whole thing that I always do every time I open my phone just to check something really quick and then like 45 minutes later I realize that I've been like doom scrolling for said 45 minutes. I don't know how it happens. It's subconscious. So, I'd call that a rather successful coffee shop meetup, wouldn't you say? And hey, let's do this again sometime. In fact, drop me any questions you might still have about Disney World that I can address in a future video. Just don't forget that we don't have to part ways just yet. We can always hang out in another video already up on the channel, like 50 easy tricks for your 2026 Disney World vacayer perhaps. It's a really good one. And be sure to download our free non-p park Disney guide if you haven't already over at disneyfoodblog.com/ress resortday. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real soon.
