---
video_id: f30wtTWi7C4
channel: DFBGuide
title: "The Most OUTRAGEOUS Disney World Rip-offs"
published: 2026-03-12
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f30wtTWi7C4
---
A ripoff. Bad Disney hotel rooms, rained out events, and missing out on must-sea meet and greets can feel like a huge waste of time and money when you're in Disney World. But we're going to make sure they don't happen to you. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. So, we like to consider ourselves Disney World experts, and yet all of us here on the DFB team have fallen victim to several of the Disney bubbles. most outrageous ripoffs so many times before, especially when it comes to number 10 on this list. You'd think we learned our lesson by now, but no. So, our goal today is to make sure you don't fall into the same huge traps so you can avoid feeling like certain components of your trip are nothing but a huge waste of money and time. Before we get started, I want to give you something just to ease into today's topic. Scan the QR code you see on the screen now or click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/discoplans so we can send you our free Disney World planning worksheets. These sheets come with fill-in-theblank itineraries and easy to follow timelines, packing lists, budgeting tips, and a lot of other features that'll help you keep the potential theme park ripoffs at bay. These are super super popular. If you don't have them already, please head over there and grab them. Okay, not too long ago, we asked our followers on Facebook about the worst Disney World hotel rooms they'd ever stayed in, and we got a lot of answers. The bulk of the answers, though, had to do with the location of the hotel rooms rather than the rooms themselves. One of our readers, Chris, mentioned how he and his family had been placed in a room at Pop Century Resort that was in a faraway building that forced them to walk forever to get anywhere. Been there, Chris. Definitely been there. Another reader, Erica, had a few choice words to say about Caribbean Beach, especially considering their room was on the second floor of the resort. And since this resort doesn't have any elevators, they had to tote their three young kids, strollers and all, up and down those stairs every morning and night. This is why we talk about this all the time on this channel. And our reader, Jess, was pretty perplexed about her last stay at Coronado Springs. She assumed that all the doors to the rooms would be situated in interior hallways. But really, that's only the case for the Grandino Tower section of Coronado Springs. All the other rooms are laid out motel style with exterior hallways instead. Then we had a non-locationbased concern that was brought up with our reader Mike, who mentioned that he and his two other co-workers had booked a room for Disney's Beach Club, and they were given a room without the extra dayb bed for the third person. So, they had to go down to the lobby and have the front desk cast members help them do a little rearranging. Been there, too. The truth of the matter is, you can pay the same price for a room as so many other folks and still wind up drawing the short end of the stick. Not all Disney rooms are created equal, and yet they still cost the same price. That's why it's so important to put in your room requests upon check-in. You're not always guaranteed the specific room type or location that you request, but a request will greatly improve your chances of getting it. You can make general requests while checking into your room via the My Disney Experience app, or you can call your hotel to talk directly with a cast member and place your more specific requests from there. And I highly recommend doing that. You can also help yourself a whole lot more by taking a few extra hotel research steps to know exactly what you're locking in before you get there. For example, a standard room at a hotel could force you to walk a marathon every day to get anywhere. But by paying a few dollars extra per night for a preferred room, you can make sure you're going to be closer to the hotel's main amenities all trip long. Wanting to know what the inside and outside of the buildings look like before you lock it in? Just to see if your room is going to be located off an interior hallway or an exterior hallway? Check out pictures of the whole resort online. We've got full hotel walkthroughs for several Disney World hotels on our DFB website. Plus, we've got a video out now called The Ultimate Guide to Disney World Hotels that will give you a clear look across every resort Disney has on offer. And make sure to always look at room configurations before you book something. Cuz if you want to guarantee a certain number of beds for your room, it might be worth paying a little extra for more space that'll guarantee you more beds instead of facing an awkward situation with your co-workers. That said, believe me, I've booked rooms that say that they have the dayb bed or or that say that they have two queen beds and they end up having a king bed and no dayb bed. Like, this happens to me all the time. And so, I have to go down and say, "Hey, need the extra bed." They can usually move things around, but again, that's why calling and putting your request in is going to make a huge difference ahead of time. Along the same lines, yep, good restaurant, horrible table. Your dining room table could actually make or break your whole restaurant experience. Let me show you how. If you get a table at a restaurant that's right next to the kitchen doors, things get really noisy and that bright light can really destroy the vibe. The doors are constantly opening and closing. Servers are coming and going. There's yelling. There's really no way to control that since the kitchen and servers are just doing their jobs. If you're at Tony's Town Square in Magic Kingdom solely because you were hoping to get a seat outside to watch the Festival of Fantasy Parade or the Disney Starlight Parade, you might be sorely disappointed to be seated inside the restaurant as far away from the parade viewing as possible, especially since you won't be allowed to get up and go watch the parade from the restaurant's porch since Tony's doesn't want you crowding the other groups who actually are seated out there. Yep, it happens all the time. Now, the coolest part about eating a San Andel in inside Epcot's Mexico pavilion is the view of the Mayan Temple right there by the water, right? But if you're seated near the bathrooms, not only will your view be well non-existent, but you'll have the bathroom crowds coming and going past your table all meal long. And I say bathroom crowds like there's lots of people going to and really at Santael, those are bad tables by the bathrooms. I will just be completely honest. Now, was your family super excited to dine in a convertible during your meal at Sci-Fi Dining at Hollywood Studios? Sometimes those car-shaped tables get filled up, meaning your group might be placed at a picnic table in the back, so you're not sitting in a car at all. And while so many folks would love to get a table in the west wing of Be Our Guest restaurant inside Magic Kingdom cuz it's obviously the best room, all the super sensor kiddos out there might be terrified by the lightning and thunder that starts up in this room about every 20 minutes. I know I would have been terrified as a kid. See, I rest my case. Your table location really does make all the difference. And I I have about 50 other examples that I didn't even list here because I know I would bore you to tears. But sometimes you don't have a whole lot of say in where you're seated in the dining room since cast members need to keep the restaurant's demand in mind that day. But that doesn't mean you'll ever have no say in the matter. If you want a specific table or you want to steer clear of a specific table, ask the restaurant host about it once you check in. Sometimes those accommodations might be super easy for the host to make. Other times it might not be possible at all. And then there are the times when it is possible, but it will mean you have to wait a little bit longer until that specific table frees up, which can be totally worth it if it means improving your restaurant experience. You're spending a lot of money to eat there, y'all. Like, you might as well sit at a good table. Now, you're definitely in the best place to learn about and research the best tables for sure because here at DFB, we've eaten at every single restaurant like a bajillion times. And so, we do know all the best tables. And I'm a little bit I will be honest, I'm a little high maintenance about my tables and I have been known to request a move to a different table. Like I am that person. So don't worry, you're in the right place and I know what I'm talking about. But how do you know which tables are the most requestable ones in the first place? Well, why not kick things off by tracking down some solid restaurant fireworks views? Starting on page 147 of our DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining, we got a whole list of restaurants where you can secure a table and watch a nighttime fireworks performance from the comfort of your seat. This includes restaurants like Wulu Bar and Grill at the Polynesian Village Resort. Gorgeous view there. Narus at Grand Fian. And even Crystal Palace at Magic Kingdom, which can be surprising for many, but there are some tables there with a pretty great view. And over on the DFB website, we've got an entire post about the 53 best places to sit across various Disney World restaurants, which I'll link down in the description for you. But just to give you a few examples, you might want to try requesting the butterfly booth at Skipper Canteen in Magic Kingdom, the aquarium window seating at Coral Reef Restaurant in Epcot, and the tables with the black and white television sets over at 50s Prime Time Cafe in Hollywood Studios. For the most part, all the construction you're going to see around Disney World when it comes to resort updates and theme park land expansions and pool revamps may not directly impact your vacation, but then again, it might also totally impact your vacation. If you've been dreaming about blasting off a rock and roller coaster over in Hollywood Studios, for instance, but you time your park visit for this spring, then you're going to miss this ride completely since it's not slated to reopen with the Muppets until later on in summer 2026. If you wanted to eat at Ohana for those happily ever after fireworks views, the exterior of Polynesian Village Resort is experiencing some pretty extensive work right now, which is blocking the fireworks views that you'd normally be able to see from the Ohana dining room. planning on staying in the Disney Vacation Club Bay Lake Tower at Contemporary Resort. There's just so much going on over there and they'll continue to be construction until late 2027, which means depending on where your room is, afternoon catnaps might be a little more difficult due to all the construction noise during the day. Plus, pools are closed. All kinds of stuff is shut down. These are just a few examples for how your priority experiences can feel like ripoffs when you're out of the loop on what's actually happening to them. While you can always go on the Disney World website to track down any future closures and construction work yourself, the DFB team and I gather up all the latest construction announcements and add them to our daily newsletter updates to make sure our newsletter family never feels blindsided and never feels ripped off. Everyone's welcome to join the newsletter. It's totally free and something you can unsubscribe from at any time. No strings attached ever. I don't even know when you unsubscribe, so it's not going to hurt my feelings. So, I'll go ahead and add the link for our newsletter down in the description in case you want to subscribe to make sure you know what's happening so you're not paying a bunch of money for something that's actually going to be like shut down. I love going to those specially ticketed holiday parties at Magic Kingdom and Hollywood Studios. Like, I love them. And you'll get to see exclusive shows, rare characters, limited time treats. You get in line for rides with little to no weights. It's awesome. But if you don't have a ticket for the holiday parties and you're just at one of these parks for a regular daytime visit, your park day will be cut short, even though you're still going to have to pay full price for a general admission ticket. For Magic Kingdom's Nots So Scary Halloween Party and Very Merry Christmas Party, non-party guests have to leave at 6:00 p.m. And for Hollywood Studios Jollywood Nights, the park closes at 6:30 p.m. for non-party guests. But the nighttime show Fantasmic will still play for guests before they have to leave if they want to watch it, which is nice considering non-party guests at Magic Kingdom won't be able to see the fireworks at all. Fortunately, you won't have to worry about having your Magic Kingdom and Hollywood Studios evenings interrupted every night whenever they're being offered since these parties only happen on certain nights of the week. So, you might be able to plan your visit around those shortened days just by taking a peek at the park hours page on the Disney World website. But don't be fooled. Parties aren't the only times that you're going to have to worry about short park days. Every now and then, a park will have to cut down its hours because of a private event or a cast member training. And the parks will post signs about early closures toward the front gates as a not so subtle reminder before you scan your ticket, just in case you want to use your multi- ticket somewhere else that day. But if you don't learn about these shortened hours until the day you arrive and your itinerary doesn't have a whole lot of wiggle room to work with, this announcement could end up being a really unpleasant surprise. If your goal is to have as much time in the parks as humanly possible, then a summertime Disney vacation may actually work in your favor. Disney tends to have more extended hours during their busier seasons versus shortened hours to give folks more time to ride those rides that have the killer wait times during the day. You can also use your early theme park entry benefit if you're staying at any of the Disney World resorts to get an extra 30 minutes of park time in the morning before the parks open. Or if you're staying at a deluxe resort, you can use those extended evening hours on select nights for certain parks to get in an hour or two longer in the parks after they close. But if you do happen to time your visit on the exact day that a park is planning on closing early, I'm here to tell you that this situation that feels like a ripoff might actually play in your favor. Lots of times a park with shortened hours means you'll have fewer crowds to worry about because people realized, "Hey, the park's going to close early. I'm not going to use my ticket on that day." So, you may be able to hit up all the rides you were wanting to prioritize even without the extra nighttime buffer. You may also want to consider getting a Park Hopper add-on for your vacation. And that way, if you're spending the day at a park that's slated to close early just to take advantage of those shortened wait times, you can still hop on over to another park after the one you're currently visiting kicks you out for the night. Speaking of holiday parties, it's the absolute pits if your party night happens to land on the same night as a terrible, horrible, no good, very bad rainstorm. This has happened to me on the regular. I think probably since those parties tend to happen, especially the Halloween party tends to happen right in the middle of hurricane season. You really do have a couple of rained out parties each season, maybe more than that. And by rained out, I mean you don't get a lot of what you paid for. Depending on how severe a storm ends up being, Disney might cancel a party altogether and offer up rain checks. But more often than not, that party will go on. Even if it's cold and wet and gross, even if people are literally trudging through puddles that go up to the middle of their calves. Yes, I have seen this. I have done this. But just because the party is still happening doesn't mean all parts of the party are going to be available. Stage shows, fireworks, parades can get delayed or cancelled completely. certain exclusive characters might not be out for meet and greets and several outdoor rides will be completely unavailable. And then, you know, there's the whole matter of you being soaked and cold and miserable all night long when this was supposed to be the best night ever. If you're at a holiday party that just feels completely underwhelming due to all the weather delays and cancellations, you can calmly and cooly go over to the guest services and ask about what they call a rain check. Guest services can determine on a case-byase basis to give guests comped tickets to another seasonal party in the future. Or they might be able to provide you with a general admission ticket to another one of the parks if a future party ticket isn't available. But if the party happens on the last night of your trip and you're not planning on going back to Disney World for a good long while, well, I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but Disney does not give refunds on their parties. So really, a rain check is the best you can hope for, which isn't going to do you a whole lot of good if your next trip isn't going to be for like 10 years or if you're not planning on going back to Disney World ever. Even if you're at a party while the rain keeps coming and there's no rain check option for you, you can always try to make the best out of a bad situation by checking out the party's specialty snacks or indoor attractions that are still up and running, which should still have shortened lines for you to take advantage of. Usually, I would say to check on Orlando's extended forecast leading up to your visit, but that's kind of tricky to do when you need to purchase party tickets months in advance before they sell out. So, the weather's always going to be a little bit of a gamble when it comes to Orlando. If you can book your party toward the beginning of your trip rather than toward the end, then you might have better odds of getting a rain check and being able to actually use it. When you're in the Disney bubble, you're not a prisoner to it by any means, but it can kind of feel that way when you're inside the parks or getting ready to leave your Disney hotel for a park day and suddenly an emergency arises, like that awful weather I was talking about before, or a severe drop in temperature that happens when all you've packed are sandals and t-shirts, or you ran out of baby diapers at the most illune time. Yes, this has happened to me. The good news, Disney makes it easy for you to get last minute necessities. They sell hoodies, they sell ponchos, they got blankets, and yes, even packages of baby diapers. The bad news, you're going to have to pay a ton of money for Disney's necessities. And it's a whole lot more than you would have had to pay if you'd purchased them before from a big box store or a drugstore. Convenience comes at a price in the Disney bubble. Of course, your best strategy to combat this potential ripoff is just to pack with these situations in mind. If you're traveling during a cooler or rainier season, then pack for that potential. If you're traveling with a little one, then you need to double, triple, quadruple check that you got everything loaded up in that diaper bag before you go. Pack over-the-counter meds and prepackaged snacks and goggles for the pool. Literally anything that Disney's going to overcharge you for at their gift shops and make sure you've already got it on hand so you're not at the mercy of their convenience charges. But if you forget to pack something important, again, you're not a prisoner. Consider taking a ride share or your own car over to a nearby big box store or drugstore for a little grocery necessity run. Or have a grocery delivery service like Amazon Fresh deliver these types of things to your hotel so you can pick them up whenever they arrive from your resort spell services desk. Don't have time for that? Well, then you might just have to wave the white flag and purchase an overpriced necessity from a Disney gift shop. It's not the end of the world. We've all done it. And we're thankful that these types of items are always readily available regardless. Just save an extra 100 to 200 bucks before your trip to give yourself a little safety net budget just in case you need to dip into it for any last minute needs. Okay, not everyone's going to agree with this one, but I will give you my two cents anyway. The OG Magic Bands were pretty sensational when they were first introduced to Disney World back in 2013. They were basically the keepers of your whole Disney World trip from dining reservations to hotel key cards. Everything was kept safe and sound right there on your wrist. Then Magic Band Plus hit the Disney scene back in 2022, becoming the enhanced version of the regular old Magic Band. Now, the Magic Band Plus does everything a regular Magic Band does. It holds your park tickets, your photo pass pictures, your dining reservations, your room keys, but it also has extra features like lights and vibrations that align with some of the entertainment found around the parks. You can also use your Magic Band Plus to become a bounty hunter over in Galaxy's Edge in Hollywood Studios, which is like a Star Wars themed game of hot and cold. Magic Band Plus can be a really cool thing from an aesthetic standpoint, especially when it's actually working, but from a practical standpoint, this is literally the most expensive way to hold on to all the details of your trip. Magic Band Plus can cost about 45 bucks or more per band, while a regular Magic Band will cost around 25 bucks. Along with your Magic Band Plus purchase, you also have to remember to charge it each night because if you forget to charge it, it just defaults back to a regular old Magic Band, just a clunkier version of it. And here's the kicker. You don't really need a Magic Band at all. You can always use the classic and free key to the World Card option instead, which you can pick up at your hotel lobby on check-in, or you can use the My Disney Experience apps Magic Mobile option, which is also free. Magic Mobile's digital service essentially turns your phone into your key to the world card through the My Disney Experience app. Now, I'm not here to crush your dreams of owning a Magic Band Plus, if that's what you want, because they are pretty cool and they can be a whole lot niftier if you plan on going to Disney World multiple times over the next few years to really get your money's worth out of them. But if this is a oneanddone trip for you, then the $45 plus splurge per person to use a Magic Band Plus in the parks for a few days, only for it to get lost in your dresser drawer once you get back home sometimes can feel like a little bit of a waste. It kind of looks like I have a vendetta against Disney's Plusup features, and I don't, but in a way, I kind of do when I hear about firsttime guests getting bamboozled by add-ons that they don't really need to invest in at all. Now, a regular park hopper is something I love. It starts at $65 per ticket and will allow you to jump between parks on the same day. We're going to talk more about this add-on later because I'm not done with it just yet. But a Park Hopper Plus add-on starts at 85 bucks per park ticket and will give you not just park hopping capabilities, but also extra stuff to enhance your vacation. For example, let's say I have a 4-day park ticket. The Park Hopper Plus will give me four extra visits to one of their other premium experiences like water parks or a round of golf or a round of mini golf. But here's the thing, each of these experiences costs less if you pay for them all a cart versus paying for that $85 park hopper option per person per day. Literally, mini golf is $19, and you only have to pay that $19 once. Meanwhile, you can't pick and choose which days you want to purchase Park Hopper Plus. You'll automatically have to pay for Park Hopper Plus for every park ticket, no matter what. And remember, the $85 per person per day is the starting price for Park Hopper Plus. Often, especially during peak season times, Park Hopper can wind up being well over $100 per person per day. So, even if you stomach the thought of paying $85 extra for this add-on, you might not be ready to face the three-digit sticker shock. Not to mention, you really need to have extra time during your trip to actually use this stuff. If you got a 4-day park ticket and literally zero wiggle room in your schedule cuz you were planning on filling all four days with back-to-back theme park visits, then when are you going to find the time to do multiple days of golf and water parks? The good thing about Park Hopper Plus activities is that you don't have to space them out across multiple days. So, if you've got a free non-p park day during your trip when you want to redeem two or three of your plusup options, you can do that. But here's the kicker. Some of these add-ons might just automatically be included in your next vacation. No $85 per day purchase necessary. If you're staying at a Disneyowned hotel, you'll get free water park tickets on your hotel check-in day, at least from May 26th to September 8th of this year. And if you're getting a Disney World vacation package, that does come with four free vouchers for a Disney Miniolf course of your choosing. Apparently, they really want to get people over to mini golf. Same goes for ESPN Wide World of Sports. In conclusion, you don't need to force yourself to purchase a Park Hopper Plus just for these plus up benefits. Instead, pay for the park tickets you need and save a little extra on your budget in case you desperately need to go play mini golf. So, you're not the only one who gets starruck seeing those fan favorite Disney characters. The majority of the characters that'll be showing up inside the parks on the day of your visit will be listed out on your My Disney Experience app. The app will also tell you what time these characters will start making their grand appearances, as well as when they'll start saying, "So long, pal." But unlike a ride line, where you can hop in the queue right before the clock strikes closing time and still be able to get on the ride, cast members working alongside the characters will often close meet and greet lines a bit earlier than what the app tells you. Usually, this happens when a character line is still looking pretty long in that last hour or so of the day. So, just to make sure our character friends can get back home to their princes or talking animal sidekicks at a decent hour, cast members close the line early for them out of respect for their time. So, if there's a certain character you want to meet, don't assume that the meet and greet schedule on your My Disney Experience app is set in stone. Get over to these characters earlier rather than later to avoid being cut off from the line altogether. After all, that's why they do it. They want to make sure that everybody who's already in the line can meet the character before the character has to leave. So that's why they cut off those lines a little bit earlier. So there's no disappointed folks, no tears, no upset if you've already been waiting in line for a while. Disney World add-ons aren't supposed to stress you out. They're supposed to help make your vacation better. Yet, they can really feel like a ripoff sometimes. And the worst part, it might be your fault. Okay, you have the option to buy park hoppers at any time, either right then when you purchase your park tickets or when you're in the middle of your vacation. However, park hoppers are an all or nothing thing. Meaning, if you're on day three of your 5-day park tickets and you suddenly decide you want a park hopper, you're still going to have to pay the price for all five park days, including the ones you already are done with. And then there's Lightning Lanes. Now, if you preurchase Disney's MultiPass service and their single pass service, you'll be able to make multipass and single pass selections before your visit. Now, you can probably fill in the blanks from here as to why it's a good idea to buy and book those Lightning Lanes as soon as you can versus waiting till, say, the middle of your theme park day. The Lightning Lane, well, dries up quickly, especially for those more popular attractions during Disney's busier seasons, and they do sell out. So, if you wait to purchase multi passes or single passes until you're in the middle of your park day when rides are climbing up to their peak weight times, then you'll be at a major disadvantage, giving yourself kind of whatever is left over from the Lightning Lane scrap pile instead of what you actually wanted, even though you'll be paying the exact same price for the service as those who chose to pre-select Lightning Lanes days in advance. So, the moral here, it's better to be hot or cold. Either dive all in and book Lightning Lanes as soon as you can, or don't buy it at all and save your money by using other time-saving methods like getting to the parks early or staying there late to work around the crowds. We want to save your Disney World trip. We want to save you money and time and sanity, all of it. And if you're ready to start saving your trip, too, check out one of our other DFB videos next. We have a lot of them. We do like five a week. We've got the 12 biggest time wasters in Disney World, or 50 new Disney World tips for 2026, or even something a little spicy like the 50 things Disney World employees hate that you do. And don't forget to download our free Disney World planning worksheets if you haven't already over at disneyfoodblog.com/discoplans. Thanks for listening, everyone, and thanks for watching. I know you've probably got a lot of things to say about this one, so drop your thoughts in the comments. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog, and we'll see you real soon.
