---
video_id: GqnldrQFzwM
channel: DFBGuide
title: "MAJOR Changes Coming Soon to Disneyland"
published: 2026-01-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GqnldrQFzwM
---
The end of one Disneyland era and the The end of one Disneyland era and the The end of one Disneyland era and the beginning of a bunch of new ones. There beginning of a bunch of new ones. There beginning of a bunch of new ones. There are so many changes coming to the are so many changes coming to the are so many changes coming to the Disneyland scene and you'd be surprised Disneyland scene and you'd be surprised Disneyland scene and you'd be surprised with just how quickly they're going to with just how quickly they're going to with just how quickly they're going to get here. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Vlog. If you thought Disneyland was Vlog. If you thought Disneyland was Vlog. If you thought Disneyland was going to stay stagnant this year, you going to stay stagnant this year, you going to stay stagnant this year, you have been led terribly astray, my have been led terribly astray, my have been led terribly astray, my friend. But don't worry, the DFB team friend. But don't worry, the DFB team friend. But don't worry, the DFB team and I are here to set the record and I are here to set the record and I are here to set the record straight and update you on what's new, straight and update you on what's new, straight and update you on what's new, what's changing, what's closing, what's what's changing, what's closing, what's what's changing, what's closing, what's ending, and what you need to anticipate ending, and what you need to anticipate ending, and what you need to anticipate the next time you travel to Disney's the next time you travel to Disney's the next time you travel to Disney's West Coast parks. If there's one thing West Coast parks. If there's one thing West Coast parks. If there's one thing Disney's really, really good at, it's Disney's really, really good at, it's Disney's really, really good at, it's celebrating big milestones. And celebrating big milestones. And celebrating big milestones. And Disneyland's 70th anniversary has been a Disneyland's 70th anniversary has been a Disneyland's 70th anniversary has been a huge one for sure. Since May 16th, 2025, huge one for sure. Since May 16th, 2025, huge one for sure. Since May 16th, 2025, Disneyland Resort's been celebrating its Disneyland Resort's been celebrating its Disneyland Resort's been celebrating its continue to do so until August 9th. Once continue to do so until August 9th. Once continue to do so until August 9th. Once August 9th, 2026 rolls around, all the August 9th, 2026 rolls around, all the August 9th, 2026 rolls around, all the festivities will wrap up and things will festivities will wrap up and things will festivities will wrap up and things will go back to normal again, or as normal as go back to normal again, or as normal as go back to normal again, or as normal as Disneyland gets. So, what can you Disneyland gets. So, what can you Disneyland gets. So, what can you experience in Disneyland before that experience in Disneyland before that experience in Disneyland before that August 9th deadline? Well, there's August 9th deadline? Well, there's August 9th deadline? Well, there's Wondrous Journeys Nighttime Spectacular Wondrous Journeys Nighttime Spectacular Wondrous Journeys Nighttime Spectacular at Sleeping Beauty Castle returning at Sleeping Beauty Castle returning at Sleeping Beauty Castle returning after all the holiday celebrations, after all the holiday celebrations, after all the holiday celebrations, January 8th. Mickey and Friends in their January 8th. Mickey and Friends in their January 8th. Mickey and Friends in their Celebrate Happy Ensembles, as well as Celebrate Happy Ensembles, as well as Celebrate Happy Ensembles, as well as the Mickey and Friends Celebrate Happy the Mickey and Friends Celebrate Happy the Mickey and Friends Celebrate Happy Cavalcade in Disneyland. The It's a Cavalcade in Disneyland. The It's a Cavalcade in Disneyland. The It's a Small World tapestry of happiness Small World tapestry of happiness Small World tapestry of happiness projections, the Paint the Night Parade projections, the Paint the Night Parade projections, the Paint the Night Parade in Disneyland Park returning January in Disneyland Park returning January in Disneyland Park returning January California Adventure, a few special meet California Adventure, a few special meet California Adventure, a few special meet and greets and ride overlays like you'll and greets and ride overlays like you'll and greets and ride overlays like you'll find over at Toy Story Midway Mania and find over at Toy Story Midway Mania and find over at Toy Story Midway Mania and Pixar Pier, and limited time 70th Pixar Pier, and limited time 70th Pixar Pier, and limited time 70th anniversary eats and sweets everywhere anniversary eats and sweets everywhere anniversary eats and sweets everywhere you turn. Even my beloved Matterhorn you turn. Even my beloved Matterhorn you turn. Even my beloved Matterhorn Macaroon, a jolly holiday on Main Macaroon, a jolly holiday on Main Macaroon, a jolly holiday on Main Street, is dressed up for the occasion. Street, is dressed up for the occasion. Street, is dressed up for the occasion. We've actually got a full list of We've actually got a full list of We've actually got a full list of Disneyland's limited time treats typed Disneyland's limited time treats typed Disneyland's limited time treats typed up and posted on our website. So, if you up and posted on our website. So, if you up and posted on our website. So, if you want to check them out whenever you get want to check them out whenever you get want to check them out whenever you get the chance and get a good idea of what the chance and get a good idea of what the chance and get a good idea of what you want to try, I'll drop the link for you want to try, I'll drop the link for you want to try, I'll drop the link for our post down in the description for our post down in the description for our post down in the description for you. Now, I don't ever love hearing you. Now, I don't ever love hearing you. Now, I don't ever love hearing about Disney hotel perks being tossed to about Disney hotel perks being tossed to about Disney hotel perks being tossed to the side, but it seems like two big ones the side, but it seems like two big ones the side, but it seems like two big ones have just recently gotten the boot. On have just recently gotten the boot. On have just recently gotten the boot. On January 5th, early theme park entry was January 5th, early theme park entry was January 5th, early theme park entry was removed for all guests staying at one of removed for all guests staying at one of removed for all guests staying at one of the Disney owned hotels. But in its the Disney owned hotels. But in its the Disney owned hotels. But in its place, guests who do plan to stay at one place, guests who do plan to stay at one place, guests who do plan to stay at one of the Disneyland hotels instead will of the Disneyland hotels instead will of the Disneyland hotels instead will receive one Lightning Lane per person receive one Lightning Lane per person receive one Lightning Lane per person per stay. This Lightning Lane will be per stay. This Lightning Lane will be per stay. This Lightning Lane will be part of the Lightning Lane Multipass part of the Lightning Lane Multipass part of the Lightning Lane Multipass lineup and can help you skip the line at lineup and can help you skip the line at lineup and can help you skip the line at most rides except for Radiator Springs most rides except for Radiator Springs most rides except for Radiator Springs Racers in California Adventure and Rise Racers in California Adventure and Rise Racers in California Adventure and Rise of the Resistance in Disneyland, which of the Resistance in Disneyland, which of the Resistance in Disneyland, which are both single pass options. Also, on are both single pass options. Also, on are both single pass options. Also, on January 5th, the special entrance to January 5th, the special entrance to January 5th, the special entrance to Disney California Adventure that you Disney California Adventure that you Disney California Adventure that you used to be able to use while staying at used to be able to use while staying at used to be able to use while staying at Pixar Place Hotel is no longer Pixar Place Hotel is no longer Pixar Place Hotel is no longer available. This isn't necessarily a perk available. This isn't necessarily a perk available. This isn't necessarily a perk that's going to be gone forever, but it that's going to be gone forever, but it that's going to be gone forever, but it will be gone while all the new will be gone while all the new will be gone while all the new construction and projects are underway, construction and projects are underway, construction and projects are underway, which we'll talk about more in just a which we'll talk about more in just a which we'll talk about more in just a few. If you're still wanting to stay in few. If you're still wanting to stay in few. If you're still wanting to stay in a Disneyland owned hotel with a Disney a Disneyland owned hotel with a Disney a Disneyland owned hotel with a Disney California Adventure dedicated entrance, California Adventure dedicated entrance, California Adventure dedicated entrance, the one over at Grand Californiaiforn the one over at Grand Californiaiforn the one over at Grand Californiaiforn straight into the Grizzly Peak area of straight into the Grizzly Peak area of straight into the Grizzly Peak area of the park near Saurin and Grizzly River the park near Saurin and Grizzly River the park near Saurin and Grizzly River Run. Now, we just updated our three Run. Now, we just updated our three Run. Now, we just updated our three perfect days in Disneyland free guide to perfect days in Disneyland free guide to perfect days in Disneyland free guide to reflect all of the new changes taking reflect all of the new changes taking reflect all of the new changes taking place or that are currently underway on place or that are currently underway on place or that are currently underway on the Disneyland scene. So, if you're the Disneyland scene. So, if you're the Disneyland scene. So, if you're looking for a guide that will help you looking for a guide that will help you looking for a guide that will help you lay out your future park plans in the lay out your future park plans in the lay out your future park plans in the best, most efficient way, go ahead and best, most efficient way, go ahead and best, most efficient way, go ahead and scan the QR code you see on the screen scan the QR code you see on the screen scan the QR code you see on the screen now or click on the link in the now or click on the link in the now or click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/dland description for Disneyfoodblog.com/dland description for Disneyfoodblog.com/dland plans after this and we'll send that plans after this and we'll send that plans after this and we'll send that guide your way right away. All the guide your way right away. All the guide your way right away. All the newest restaurants coming to the newest restaurants coming to the newest restaurants coming to the Disneyland bubble soon will be located Disneyland bubble soon will be located Disneyland bubble soon will be located in the Downtown Disney scene. New food in the Downtown Disney scene. New food in the Downtown Disney scene. New food minus the theme park ticket price. Sign minus the theme park ticket price. Sign minus the theme park ticket price. Sign me up. In 2026, here are the restaurants me up. In 2026, here are the restaurants me up. In 2026, here are the restaurants you're going to find popping up around you're going to find popping up around you're going to find popping up around the shopping district. Bobo Go is a new the shopping district. Bobo Go is a new the shopping district. Bobo Go is a new cafe concept that'll serve boba and cafe concept that'll serve boba and cafe concept that'll serve boba and bubble tea with no artificial bubble tea with no artificial bubble tea with no artificial ingredients. The concept uses real ingredients. The concept uses real ingredients. The concept uses real fruits and vegetables, lactoseree milk, fruits and vegetables, lactoseree milk, fruits and vegetables, lactoseree milk, oat milk, cane and brown sugar, tea oat milk, cane and brown sugar, tea oat milk, cane and brown sugar, tea sourced from farmers in Taiwan, and sourced from farmers in Taiwan, and sourced from farmers in Taiwan, and matcha sourced from Japan. Arthur and matcha sourced from Japan. Arthur and matcha sourced from Japan. Arthur and Sun Steak and Bourbon. This is very Sun Steak and Bourbon. This is very Sun Steak and Bourbon. This is very exciting. [music] It's a classic exciting. [music] It's a classic exciting. [music] It's a classic steakhouse by Michelin star chef Joe steakhouse by Michelin star chef Joe steakhouse by Michelin star chef Joe Isadori. Offering prime cuts of beef, Isadori. Offering prime cuts of beef, Isadori. Offering prime cuts of beef, fresh seafood sandwiches, and salads. fresh seafood sandwiches, and salads. fresh seafood sandwiches, and salads. Now, the new restaurant will also offer Now, the new restaurant will also offer Now, the new restaurant will also offer an expansive bourbon collection and an expansive bourbon collection and an expansive bourbon collection and inventive cocktails. Pearl's Roadside inventive cocktails. Pearl's Roadside inventive cocktails. Pearl's Roadside Barbecue is right next to Arthur and Barbecue is right next to Arthur and Barbecue is right next to Arthur and Suns, and Chef Isidori is also going to Suns, and Chef Isidori is also going to Suns, and Chef Isidori is also going to be at the helm of this one. While Arthur be at the helm of this one. While Arthur be at the helm of this one. While Arthur and Suns delivers a classic steakhouse and Suns delivers a classic steakhouse and Suns delivers a classic steakhouse experience, Pearl's roadside barbecue is experience, Pearl's roadside barbecue is experience, Pearl's roadside barbecue is based on modern barbecue inspired by based on modern barbecue inspired by based on modern barbecue inspired by North Carolina cookouts. So get ready North Carolina cookouts. So get ready North Carolina cookouts. So get ready for smoked beets, complimented with for smoked beets, complimented with for smoked beets, complimented with housemade sauces, craft beers, and housemade sauces, craft beers, and housemade sauces, craft beers, and moonshine cocktails. Porto's Bakery is moonshine cocktails. Porto's Bakery is moonshine cocktails. Porto's Bakery is already a Southern California favorite, already a Southern California favorite, already a Southern California favorite, well known for its signature sweet well known for its signature sweet well known for its signature sweet pastries and savory Cuban food. But the pastries and savory Cuban food. But the pastries and savory Cuban food. But the new Porto is coming to Downtown Disney, new Porto is coming to Downtown Disney, new Porto is coming to Downtown Disney, and it'll be the first ever location and it'll be the first ever location and it'll be the first ever location with a whole sit-down table service with a whole sit-down table service with a whole sit-down table service concept. and I cannot wait to try it concept. and I cannot wait to try it concept. and I cannot wait to try it out. A new twostory Earl of Sandwich is out. A new twostory Earl of Sandwich is out. A new twostory Earl of Sandwich is on its way to Downtown Disney. This will on its way to Downtown Disney. This will on its way to Downtown Disney. This will feature the classic quick service on the feature the classic quick service on the feature the classic quick service on the ground floor as well as a full bar and ground floor as well as a full bar and ground floor as well as a full bar and gastro pub up on the second. And gastro pub up on the second. And gastro pub up on the second. And speaking of that gastro pub, it does speaking of that gastro pub, it does speaking of that gastro pub, it does have a name. It's called Gordon Ramsay have a name. It's called Gordon Ramsay have a name. It's called Gordon Ramsay at the Carnaby Tavern. This 1960s at the Carnaby Tavern. This 1960s at the Carnaby Tavern. This 1960s British themed bar will feature plush British themed bar will feature plush British themed bar will feature plush interiors and iconic British pop art interiors and iconic British pop art interiors and iconic British pop art around the dining room, an irresistible around the dining room, an irresistible around the dining room, an irresistible soundtrack of British invasion rock soundtrack of British invasion rock soundtrack of British invasion rock bands, and some Gordon Ramsay staple bands, and some Gordon Ramsay staple bands, and some Gordon Ramsay staple entre like beef Wellington, fish and entre like beef Wellington, fish and entre like beef Wellington, fish and chips, and sticky toffee pudding. chips, and sticky toffee pudding. chips, and sticky toffee pudding. There'll also be a large selection of There'll also be a large selection of There'll also be a large selection of wine, beer, and signature cocktails to wine, beer, and signature cocktails to wine, beer, and signature cocktails to boot. Now, I didn't lie before. The boot. Now, I didn't lie before. The boot. Now, I didn't lie before. The newest Disneyland restaurants really are newest Disneyland restaurants really are newest Disneyland restaurants really are all opening in Downtown Disney soon, but all opening in Downtown Disney soon, but all opening in Downtown Disney soon, but the classic Napa Rose restaurant inside the classic Napa Rose restaurant inside the classic Napa Rose restaurant inside the Grand Californian hotel is getting the Grand Californian hotel is getting the Grand Californian hotel is getting ready to reopen in early 2026 after all ready to reopen in early 2026 after all ready to reopen in early 2026 after all its extensive refurbs, which will make its extensive refurbs, which will make its extensive refurbs, which will make this restaurant feel kind of brand new. this restaurant feel kind of brand new. this restaurant feel kind of brand new. Napa Rose operates differently than most Napa Rose operates differently than most Napa Rose operates differently than most Disneyland restaurants. This fine dining Disneyland restaurants. This fine dining Disneyland restaurants. This fine dining experience enforces a dress code and an experience enforces a dress code and an experience enforces a dress code and an elegant feel, but it has been closed elegant feel, but it has been closed elegant feel, but it has been closed since April 2025. That being said, when since April 2025. That being said, when since April 2025. That being said, when Napa Rose does reopen, it'll feature a Napa Rose does reopen, it'll feature a Napa Rose does reopen, it'll feature a new menu and an updated look and vibe new menu and an updated look and vibe new menu and an updated look and vibe that includes natural textures such as that includes natural textures such as that includes natural textures such as reclaimed French oak flooring and reclaimed French oak flooring and reclaimed French oak flooring and columns, hand decorated artisan metals, columns, hand decorated artisan metals, columns, hand decorated artisan metals, leathers, deep colors of cabernet, and leathers, deep colors of cabernet, and leathers, deep colors of cabernet, and an eye-catching chandelier inspired by an eye-catching chandelier inspired by an eye-catching chandelier inspired by California's Mission Grapevines. The California's Mission Grapevines. The California's Mission Grapevines. The restaurant will also feature expanded restaurant will also feature expanded restaurant will also feature expanded counters where guests can watch the counters where guests can watch the counters where guests can watch the action at the restaurant's exhibition action at the restaurant's exhibition action at the restaurant's exhibition kitchen. Additionally, the patio is kitchen. Additionally, the patio is kitchen. Additionally, the patio is getting more seating and two new getting more seating and two new getting more seating and two new fireplaces. Now, I've always loved Nappa fireplaces. Now, I've always loved Nappa fireplaces. Now, I've always loved Nappa Rose in the past, especially eating at Rose in the past, especially eating at Rose in the past, especially eating at the lounge and bar area where you don't the lounge and bar area where you don't the lounge and bar area where you don't need a reservation. So, here's to hoping need a reservation. So, here's to hoping need a reservation. So, here's to hoping I love it even more after this long I love it even more after this long I love it even more after this long awaited facelift. Now, Disney World awaited facelift. Now, Disney World awaited facelift. Now, Disney World isn't the only place that's going to be isn't the only place that's going to be isn't the only place that's going to be experiencing major construction for a experiencing major construction for a experiencing major construction for a good long while. Disney California good long while. Disney California good long while. Disney California Adventure is going to be undergoing a Adventure is going to be undergoing a Adventure is going to be undergoing a big transformation process across big transformation process across big transformation process across several of its lands, too. First of all, several of its lands, too. First of all, several of its lands, too. First of all, the classic red car trolley that used to the classic red car trolley that used to the classic red car trolley that used to carry guests down the Buen a Vista carry guests down the Buen a Vista carry guests down the Buen a Vista Street entrance closed for good at the Street entrance closed for good at the Street entrance closed for good at the beginning of 2025 to make way for beginning of 2025 to make way for beginning of 2025 to make way for Avengers Campus construction. When the Avengers Campus construction. When the Avengers Campus construction. When the construction wraps up here, whenever construction wraps up here, whenever construction wraps up here, whenever that may be, we're not quite sure yet, that may be, we're not quite sure yet, that may be, we're not quite sure yet, it'll double the size of Avengers it'll double the size of Avengers it'll double the size of Avengers Campus, bringing with it two new Campus, bringing with it two new Campus, bringing with it two new attractions. Avengers: Infinity Defense, attractions. Avengers: Infinity Defense, attractions. Avengers: Infinity Defense, an immersive dark ride that'll have you an immersive dark ride that'll have you an immersive dark ride that'll have you joining the Avengers team to take down joining the Avengers team to take down joining the Avengers team to take down King Thanos, and Stark Flight Lab, which King Thanos, and Stark Flight Lab, which King Thanos, and Stark Flight Lab, which will have you strapped to this robot arm will have you strapped to this robot arm will have you strapped to this robot arm that'll hoist you into the air in that'll hoist you into the air in that'll hoist you into the air in simulated flight. Then there's the simulated flight. Then there's the simulated flight. Then there's the closure of Monsters, Inc., Mike, and closure of Monsters, Inc., Mike, and closure of Monsters, Inc., Mike, and Sully to the rescue, which is very, very Sully to the rescue, which is very, very Sully to the rescue, which is very, very sad. But this dark ride will close in sad. But this dark ride will close in sad. But this dark ride will close in early 2026 to start making way for early 2026 to start making way for early 2026 to start making way for Disney California Adventures brand Disney California Adventures brand Disney California Adventures brand [music] new Avatar Land. This is a land [music] new Avatar Land. This is a land [music] new Avatar Land. This is a land that'll be different from the Pandora we that'll be different from the Pandora we that'll be different from the Pandora we know in Animal Kingdom, considering know in Animal Kingdom, considering know in Animal Kingdom, considering it'll be themed more around the new it'll be themed more around the new it'll be themed more around the new Avatar movies instead of the first one. Avatar movies instead of the first one. Avatar movies instead of the first one. The land will also include a boat style The land will also include a boat style The land will also include a boat style attraction with technology similar to attraction with technology similar to attraction with technology similar to what's used on Pirates of the Caribbean: what's used on Pirates of the Caribbean: what's used on Pirates of the Caribbean: Battle for the Sun Treasure over in Battle for the Sun Treasure over in Battle for the Sun Treasure over in Shanghai Disneyland. Construction for Shanghai Disneyland. Construction for Shanghai Disneyland. Construction for this one is slated to begin fall 2026, this one is slated to begin fall 2026, this one is slated to begin fall 2026, but we still don't know about an but we still don't know about an but we still don't know about an official opening date for this land just official opening date for this land just official opening date for this land just yet. And finally, near Paradise Gardens yet. And finally, near Paradise Gardens yet. And finally, near Paradise Gardens Park in Pixar Pier, Imagineers are going Park in Pixar Pier, Imagineers are going Park in Pixar Pier, Imagineers are going to start working on that firstofits-kind to start working on that firstofits-kind to start working on that firstofits-kind Cocoa attraction, which is a boat ride Cocoa attraction, which is a boat ride Cocoa attraction, which is a boat ride with a huge emphasis on music. Something with a huge emphasis on music. Something with a huge emphasis on music. Something that I'm sure is going to make Miguel, that I'm sure is going to make Miguel, that I'm sure is going to make Miguel, Dante, and the whole Rivera family super Dante, and the whole Rivera family super Dante, and the whole Rivera family super happy to be a part of. Again, happy to be a part of. Again, happy to be a part of. Again, construction slated to start up for this construction slated to start up for this construction slated to start up for this ride by fall 2026. But this is why Pixar ride by fall 2026. But this is why Pixar ride by fall 2026. But this is why Pixar Place Hotel's dedicated entrance into Place Hotel's dedicated entrance into Place Hotel's dedicated entrance into DCA is going to be closed off for the DCA is going to be closed off for the DCA is going to be closed off for the foreseeable future. Now, despite this foreseeable future. Now, despite this foreseeable future. Now, despite this construction, all the Disney California construction, all the Disney California construction, all the Disney California Adventure rides, aside from Monsters, Adventure rides, aside from Monsters, Adventure rides, aside from Monsters, Inc., bless its heart, should still be Inc., bless its heart, should still be Inc., bless its heart, should still be up and running if you decide to visit up and running if you decide to visit up and running if you decide to visit DCA soon. You might just run across a DCA soon. You might just run across a DCA soon. You might just run across a few extra construction walls during your few extra construction walls during your few extra construction walls during your visit. This is for all you nostalgic visit. This is for all you nostalgic visit. This is for all you nostalgic night owls out there like me. Ah, night owls out there like me. Ah, night owls out there like me. Ah, nostalgic night owls sounds like a band. nostalgic night owls sounds like a band. nostalgic night owls sounds like a band. Disney Afterdark events are separately Disney Afterdark events are separately Disney Afterdark events are separately ticketed themed events that take place ticketed themed events that take place ticketed themed events that take place after hours at Disneyland Park from 9:00 after hours at Disneyland Park from 9:00 after hours at Disneyland Park from 9:00 p.m. to 1:00 a.m. Though After Dark p.m. to 1:00 a.m. Though After Dark p.m. to 1:00 a.m. Though After Dark ticket holders can actually start ticket holders can actually start ticket holders can actually start entering the park as early as 6:00 p.m. entering the park as early as 6:00 p.m. entering the park as early as 6:00 p.m. for a little pre-party mixin. There are for a little pre-party mixin. There are for a little pre-party mixin. There are five events total that'll be taking five events total that'll be taking five events total that'll be taking place in 2026 in the After Dark series place in 2026 in the After Dark series place in 2026 in the After Dark series on select nights between January through on select nights between January through on select nights between January through June. And each event will provide unique June. And each event will provide unique June. And each event will provide unique entertainment, special character entertainment, special character entertainment, special character encounters, exclusive food and drink encounters, exclusive food and drink encounters, exclusive food and drink options, shorter wait times since crowds options, shorter wait times since crowds options, shorter wait times since crowds are capped, limited time merchandise are capped, limited time merchandise are capped, limited time merchandise collections, and more. So, what are the collections, and more. So, what are the collections, and more. So, what are the themes this year? Four of them might be themes this year? Four of them might be themes this year? Four of them might be familiar to you since they've happened familiar to you since they've happened familiar to you since they've happened in the past. There's Sweethearts Night in the past. There's Sweethearts Night in the past. There's Sweethearts Night on select days between January 22nd and on select days between January 22nd and on select days between January 22nd and February 17th. Disney Channel night February 17th. Disney Channel night February 17th. Disney Channel night happening April 12th, 14th, and 16th. happening April 12th, 14th, and 16th. happening April 12th, 14th, and 16th. Star Wars night taking place between Star Wars night taking place between Star Wars night taking place between April 28th and May 6th and Pride Night April 28th and May 6th and Pride Night April 28th and May 6th and Pride Night happening June 16th and 18th. But then happening June 16th and 18th. But then happening June 16th and 18th. But then there's the fifth After Dark Knight, a there's the fifth After Dark Knight, a there's the fifth After Dark Knight, a brand new offering called 70 years of brand new offering called 70 years of brand new offering called 70 years of favorites. Yep, this is another 70th favorites. Yep, this is another 70th favorites. Yep, this is another 70th anniversary offering celebrating seven anniversary offering celebrating seven anniversary offering celebrating seven decades of the park that started it all. decades of the park that started it all. decades of the park that started it all. There'll be swing dancing at the Royal There'll be swing dancing at the Royal There'll be swing dancing at the Royal Theater in Fantasy Land, a video dance Theater in Fantasy Land, a video dance Theater in Fantasy Land, a video dance party at Tomorrowland Terrace, line party at Tomorrowland Terrace, line party at Tomorrowland Terrace, line dancing at the Golden Horseshoe, ultra dancing at the Golden Horseshoe, ultra dancing at the Golden Horseshoe, ultra rare character meet and greets from rare character meet and greets from rare character meet and greets from Disney Days of Yore, lots of photo ops, Disney Days of Yore, lots of photo ops, Disney Days of Yore, lots of photo ops, and a ton more. Additionally, this event and a ton more. Additionally, this event and a ton more. Additionally, this event will only be offered twice, March 3rd will only be offered twice, March 3rd will only be offered twice, March 3rd and 5th. Tickets have already gone on and 5th. Tickets have already gone on and 5th. Tickets have already gone on sale for it, and there is the potential sale for it, and there is the potential sale for it, and there is the potential that they might be sold out for the that they might be sold out for the that they might be sold out for the release of this video, but I definitely release of this video, but I definitely release of this video, but I definitely double check on that if this is double check on that if this is double check on that if this is something you're interested in. And if something you're interested in. And if something you're interested in. And if tickets are sold out, no long faces. The tickets are sold out, no long faces. The tickets are sold out, no long faces. The other four events are still a ton of fun other four events are still a ton of fun other four events are still a ton of fun and worth checking out as well. So, and worth checking out as well. So, and worth checking out as well. So, screen rides might not be everyone's cup screen rides might not be everyone's cup screen rides might not be everyone's cup of tea, but you know what the best thing of tea, but you know what the best thing of tea, but you know what the best thing about them is? It's easy to switch them about them is? It's easy to switch them about them is? It's easy to switch them up to create a whole different theme up to create a whole different theme up to create a whole different theme park attraction, which is exactly what park attraction, which is exactly what park attraction, which is exactly what Disneyland's going to be doing this year Disneyland's going to be doing this year Disneyland's going to be doing this year for two of their most popular for two of their most popular for two of their most popular screenbased rides. The first ride screenbased rides. The first ride screenbased rides. The first ride getting a major switcheroo is Millennium getting a major switcheroo is Millennium getting a major switcheroo is Millennium Falcon Smugglers Run over in Disneyland Falcon Smugglers Run over in Disneyland Falcon Smugglers Run over in Disneyland Park. Now, Smugglers Run is getting an Park. Now, Smugglers Run is getting an Park. Now, Smugglers Run is getting an update on May 22nd to coincide with the update on May 22nd to coincide with the update on May 22nd to coincide with the release of the Mandalorian and Grou release of the Mandalorian and Grou release of the Mandalorian and Grou film. And while those updates are going film. And while those updates are going film. And while those updates are going to impact every role on Smugglers Run, to impact every role on Smugglers Run, to impact every role on Smugglers Run, they'll impact the engineer role most of they'll impact the engineer role most of they'll impact the engineer role most of all. New story lines are being added to all. New story lines are being added to all. New story lines are being added to the ride, which means the engineers get the ride, which means the engineers get the ride, which means the engineers get to interact with Grou directly to interact with Grou directly to interact with Grou directly throughout the mission. Not only that, throughout the mission. Not only that, throughout the mission. Not only that, but the engineers will also be in charge but the engineers will also be in charge but the engineers will also be in charge of choosing the crew's mission of choosing the crew's mission of choosing the crew's mission destination because with great power destination because with great power destination because with great power comes great responsibility. Sorry, comes great responsibility. Sorry, comes great responsibility. Sorry, that's Spider-Man. What's a more Star that's Spider-Man. What's a more Star that's Spider-Man. What's a more Star Warsy quote to add here? Maybe the force Warsy quote to add here? Maybe the force Warsy quote to add here? Maybe the force is strong with these engineers. I don't is strong with these engineers. I don't is strong with these engineers. I don't know. I'm a Star Trek the Next know. I'm a Star Trek the Next know. I'm a Star Trek the Next Generation girl. Now, the second ride Generation girl. Now, the second ride Generation girl. Now, the second ride getting a big old update is Saurin over getting a big old update is Saurin over getting a big old update is Saurin over in DCA. Saurin Across America will debut in DCA. Saurin Across America will debut in DCA. Saurin Across America will debut at Disneyland Resort on July 2nd, 2026, at Disneyland Resort on July 2nd, 2026, at Disneyland Resort on July 2nd, 2026, just in time for the Fourth of July just in time for the Fourth of July just in time for the Fourth of July celebrations in the park. Now, remember, celebrations in the park. Now, remember, celebrations in the park. Now, remember, it's opening on Memorial Day in Disney it's opening on Memorial Day in Disney it's opening on Memorial Day in Disney World. So, don't get confused there. It World. So, don't get confused there. It World. So, don't get confused there. It is confusing. You got to wait a little is confusing. You got to wait a little is confusing. You got to wait a little bit longer over in DCA. Now, this bit longer over in DCA. Now, this bit longer over in DCA. Now, this temporary overlay is happening in honor temporary overlay is happening in honor temporary overlay is happening in honor of America's 250th anniversary. So, get of America's 250th anniversary. So, get of America's 250th anniversary. So, get ready to soar across the country's most ready to soar across the country's most ready to soar across the country's most recognizable cityscapes and natural recognizable cityscapes and natural recognizable cityscapes and natural beauty. A new Magic Key pass will debut beauty. A new Magic Key pass will debut beauty. A new Magic Key pass will debut on January 13th for the Disneyland on January 13th for the Disneyland on January 13th for the Disneyland parks. In case you're not familiar with parks. In case you're not familiar with parks. In case you're not familiar with the Disneyland lingo, Magic Key passes the Disneyland lingo, Magic Key passes the Disneyland lingo, Magic Key passes are what Disney calls their annual are what Disney calls their annual are what Disney calls their annual passes at Disneyland Resort. There are passes at Disneyland Resort. There are passes at Disneyland Resort. There are different magic key tiers you can choose different magic key tiers you can choose different magic key tiers you can choose from, including cheaper options with from, including cheaper options with from, including cheaper options with fewer perks and more expensive options fewer perks and more expensive options fewer perks and more expensive options with lots more perks that you can learn with lots more perks that you can learn with lots more perks that you can learn more about on the Disneyland website. more about on the Disneyland website. more about on the Disneyland website. But the new pass, called the Explore But the new pass, called the Explore But the new pass, called the Explore Key, is getting ready to replace the Key, is getting ready to replace the Key, is getting ready to replace the Enchant Key, which is the second lowest Enchant Key, which is the second lowest Enchant Key, which is the second lowest tier out of the four key options tier out of the four key options tier out of the four key options available. The Explore Key will cost available. The Explore Key will cost available. The Explore Key will cost $999. And the benefits you'll receive $999. And the benefits you'll receive $999. And the benefits you'll receive with that purchase include with that purchase include with that purchase include reservation-based park hopper admission reservation-based park hopper admission reservation-based park hopper admission with the ability to hold up to four with the ability to hold up to four with the ability to hold up to four theme park reservations at a time, up to theme park reservations at a time, up to theme park reservations at a time, up to area, and 25% off the purchase of area, and 25% off the purchase of area, and 25% off the purchase of Lightning Lane Multipass. So, what's so Lightning Lane Multipass. So, what's so Lightning Lane Multipass. So, what's so different about the new Explore Key different about the new Explore Key different about the new Explore Key versus the soonto retire enchant key? versus the soonto retire enchant key? versus the soonto retire enchant key? While their benefits are very similar, While their benefits are very similar, While their benefits are very similar, Explorer will have the added perk of Explorer will have the added perk of Explorer will have the added perk of letting key holders visit the parks on letting key holders visit the parks on letting key holders visit the parks on the weekdays in June and July. Something the weekdays in June and July. Something the weekdays in June and July. Something that wasn't offered with the Enchant that wasn't offered with the Enchant that wasn't offered with the Enchant key. key. key. Starting on March 22nd, 2026, Bluey's Starting on March 22nd, 2026, Bluey's Starting on March 22nd, 2026, Bluey's Best Day Ever will debut at the Fantasy Best Day Ever will debut at the Fantasy Best Day Ever will debut at the Fantasy Land Theater in Disneyland. This Land Theater in Disneyland. This Land Theater in Disneyland. This immersive show is going to take you immersive show is going to take you immersive show is going to take you inside Blue School so that your kids inside Blue School so that your kids inside Blue School so that your kids will be able to play games and dance will be able to play games and dance will be able to play games and dance along to familiar songs straight from along to familiar songs straight from along to familiar songs straight from the popular Disney Plus series. Oh, and the popular Disney Plus series. Oh, and the popular Disney Plus series. Oh, and there will also be theme specialty food there will also be theme specialty food there will also be theme specialty food available at Trouidor Tavern. That's the available at Trouidor Tavern. That's the available at Trouidor Tavern. That's the place I love grabbing loaded baked place I love grabbing loaded baked place I love grabbing loaded baked potatoes. Remember? Of course you do. potatoes. Remember? Of course you do. potatoes. Remember? Of course you do. Okay, this is just the beginning. Every Okay, this is just the beginning. Every Okay, this is just the beginning. Every other year in Anaheim, California, D23 other year in Anaheim, California, D23 other year in Anaheim, California, D23 puts on a huge fan convention called the puts on a huge fan convention called the puts on a huge fan convention called the D23 Ultimate Disney Fan Experience, D23 Ultimate Disney Fan Experience, D23 Ultimate Disney Fan Experience, where Disney executives and celebrities where Disney executives and celebrities where Disney executives and celebrities and fans from around the globe join and fans from around the globe join and fans from around the globe join together in the Ultimate Celebration of together in the Ultimate Celebration of together in the Ultimate Celebration of all things Disney. [music] The all things Disney. [music] The all things Disney. [music] The convention consists of special events convention consists of special events convention consists of special events and exclusive merchandise, unique and exclusive merchandise, unique and exclusive merchandise, unique exhibits, and fascinating presentations, exhibits, and fascinating presentations, exhibits, and fascinating presentations, including news about what's up and including news about what's up and including news about what's up and coming for the Disney parks. Now, I'm coming for the Disney parks. Now, I'm coming for the Disney parks. Now, I'm not one to point fingers or anything, not one to point fingers or anything, not one to point fingers or anything, but I think Disneyland's holding out on but I think Disneyland's holding out on but I think Disneyland's holding out on us, and I think we're about to learn a us, and I think we're about to learn a us, and I think we're about to learn a whole lot more about these parks on the whole lot more about these parks on the whole lot more about these parks on the West Coast during this event, especially West Coast during this event, especially West Coast during this event, especially now that Disneyland Forward is in now that Disneyland Forward is in now that Disneyland Forward is in motion. Okay, what's Disneyland Forward? motion. Okay, what's Disneyland Forward? motion. Okay, what's Disneyland Forward? No worries. In 2021, Disney announced No worries. In 2021, Disney announced No worries. In 2021, Disney announced the Disneyland Forward initiative. This the Disneyland Forward initiative. This the Disneyland Forward initiative. This is a project where Disneyland and the is a project where Disneyland and the is a project where Disneyland and the city of Anaheim worked together to city of Anaheim worked together to city of Anaheim worked together to reszone specific parts of Disneyland reszone specific parts of Disneyland reszone specific parts of Disneyland property to be used for new lands and property to be used for new lands and property to be used for new lands and attractions, rides and experiences, and attractions, rides and experiences, and attractions, rides and experiences, and even hotels. Essentially, Disney wanted even hotels. Essentially, Disney wanted even hotels. Essentially, Disney wanted to change areas that were initially to change areas that were initially to change areas that were initially zoned for specific uses, like hotel zoned for specific uses, like hotel zoned for specific uses, like hotel spaces or parking lots, and make them a spaces or parking lots, and make them a spaces or parking lots, and make them a whole lot more exciting. Disneyland's whole lot more exciting. Disneyland's whole lot more exciting. Disneyland's campaign also includes a $ 1.9 billion campaign also includes a $ 1.9 billion campaign also includes a $ 1.9 billion investment plan to help bring set investment plan to help bring set investment plan to help bring set experiences to their park. After years experiences to their park. After years experiences to their park. After years of push back, a historic vote was of push back, a historic vote was of push back, a historic vote was finally made in May 2024 by the Anaheim finally made in May 2024 by the Anaheim finally made in May 2024 by the Anaheim City Council to officially approve the City Council to officially approve the City Council to officially approve the Disneyland Forward project. We've Disneyland Forward project. We've Disneyland Forward project. We've already gotten a taste of what already gotten a taste of what already gotten a taste of what Disneyland has in store for the future Disneyland has in store for the future Disneyland has in store for the future with Avatar and the expanded Avengers with Avatar and the expanded Avengers with Avatar and the expanded Avengers campus, but we're only looking at the campus, but we're only looking at the campus, but we're only looking at the tip of the iceberg right now. While tip of the iceberg right now. While tip of the iceberg right now. While discussing Disneyland Forward, Disney discussing Disneyland Forward, Disney discussing Disneyland Forward, Disney has spitballed future lands that could has spitballed future lands that could has spitballed future lands that could potentially evolve as a result of this potentially evolve as a result of this potentially evolve as a result of this project, including areas inspired by project, including areas inspired by project, including areas inspired by Black Panther, Entangled, Frozen, Black Panther, Entangled, Frozen, Black Panther, Entangled, Frozen, Zootopia, Peter Pan, Tron, and Toy Zootopia, Peter Pan, Tron, and Toy Zootopia, Peter Pan, Tron, and Toy Story. So, will D23 lead us to learning Story. So, will D23 lead us to learning Story. So, will D23 lead us to learning more about these future Disneyland more about these future Disneyland more about these future Disneyland forward projects? Well, nothing's a forward projects? Well, nothing's a forward projects? Well, nothing's a guarantee. Until it happens, I have a guarantee. Until it happens, I have a guarantee. Until it happens, I have a good feeling that several new Disneyland good feeling that several new Disneyland good feeling that several new Disneyland announcements are on the horizon. In announcements are on the horizon. In announcements are on the horizon. In Convention Center and the Honda Center. Convention Center and the Honda Center. Convention Center and the Honda Center. Okay, need some more time to plan out Okay, need some more time to plan out Okay, need some more time to plan out the best Disneyland trip ever? We've the best Disneyland trip ever? We've the best Disneyland trip ever? We've been on quite the Disneyland kick been on quite the Disneyland kick been on quite the Disneyland kick lately, meaning we've got more lately, meaning we've got more lately, meaning we've got more Disneyland videos for you to check out Disneyland videos for you to check out Disneyland videos for you to check out next, like what I wish I'd known before next, like what I wish I'd known before next, like what I wish I'd known before going to Disneyland, or even 50 amazing going to Disneyland, or even 50 amazing going to Disneyland, or even 50 amazing things you never knew were in things you never knew were in things you never knew were in Disneyland. That's a super fun one to Disneyland. That's a super fun one to Disneyland. That's a super fun one to watch, whether you're a Disneyland trip watch, whether you're a Disneyland trip watch, whether you're a Disneyland trip pro or not. And don't forget to pick up pro or not. And don't forget to pick up pro or not. And don't forget to pick up our free guide covering three perfect our free guide covering three perfect our free guide covering three perfect days in Disneyland over at days in Disneyland over at days in Disneyland over at disneyfoodblog.com/dyland disneyfoodblog.com/dyland disneyfoodblog.com/dyland plans. Thanks for listening everyone and plans. Thanks for listening everyone and plans. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is thanks for watching. As always, this is thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real soon.
