---
video_id: lmVQN8ZF6Hw
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Disney Put a Roller Coaster on It's BIGGEST Cruise Ship — Disney Adventure"
published: 2026-03-22
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmVQN8ZF6Hw
---
Disney's newest cruise ship has joined the fleet. The Disney Adventure is the first Disney cruise ship to have a roller coaster at sea, the first to have literally zero port stops, and the first to make its home port in Singapore. It's also now the largest ship of the fleet, and it's completely different from any other Disney cruise ship. Come aboard with us to see why you might want to start pricing flights to Singapore. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. The Disney Adventure is in a whole new league of cruise ships. It's different from any other Disney cruise ship in its size, its dining, its rides, its home port, and so so many other ways. This vacation is truly unique, but still incredibly Disney. We were lucky enough to be one of the first to sail on this brand new cruise ship. And today we've got a whole bunch of super secret hidden details and tips that you have to seek out if you're cruising on the adventure or if you just want to see what wild things Disney decided to put on a boat. The Disney Adventure was originally not supposed to be a Disney ship at all. The ship was originally created for Dream Cruises and was about 70% finished when Disney acquired it back in 2022. Imagineers took over and Disney what they could, but this ship definitely has a different flow and a different feel to it compared to other ships in the Disney fleet. The Adventure is also much bigger than the other Disney ships. It's 40% larger than the Wishclass ships, the Wish, Treasure, and Destiny, and can fit a whopping 6,700 passengers. Disney ships may cruise around the world, but the Adventure is the very first ship with a home port in Asia. One big thing to note is that pretty much everything here is in English. English is one of the official languages of Singapore and all the cast members on board speak English. The shows are also in English, so if you're traveling from the US to board this ship, you shouldn't have too many language barriers. Rides on a cruise ship is actually an idea that goes back to the Eisner era when plans to build a movable theme park on a ship based out of Long Beach were scrapped. On the upper deck of the adventure, you'll find Marvel Landing, which is home to not one, not two, but three actual theme park rides. Groot Galaxy Spin, Iron Cycle Test Run, and Pim Quantum Racers. Pim Quantum Racers is a go-kart style ride, but be warned, it moves very slowly and had quite a few mishaps of tiny car pileups on the maiden voyage. Groot Galaxy Spin is a tiny version of those classic spinner rides like Dumbo. Iron Cycle Test Run is a two-seater coaster that spans across the upper decks of the ship. It was unfortunately not up and running when we were on board, but this is the attraction on board. [gasps] A ride reservation system was testing periodically when we were on board, so if you're sailing on the adventure, you'll want to keep an eye on the Cruise Line app for any push notifications about ride reservations, cuz we know this one will be very popular. Navigating between decks on the Disney Adventure is a whole lot easier than you might be used to on other Disney ships. First, the elevator bays are massive with about 10 elevators each. And then you've got the escalators. Escalators are located in a few locations around the ship, making it much easier for the crowds to keep flowing. Wondering which cruise has the best itinerary? Well, it doesn't really matter aboard the adventure because this ship is going nowhere. Seriously, the adventure currently has no ports of call. You're spending all your time on the ship. Every day is a sea day. Now, this is actually great because I'm pretty sure you wouldn't have enough time to see everything otherwise. The ship is huge with so much specialty dining and shows, plus the rides. You will not be bored on the adventure. By the way, if you're thinking about a Disney cruise, but aren't sure where to start. Maybe you just booked your trip and you need some help making your packing list. We've got you covered with a completely free mini guide to help make your cruise experience easy. Head to disneyfoodblog.com/cruise planning or scan that QR code to get it sent straight to your inbox for free. This cruise ship is all about Duffy the Disney Bear. There's a new show featuring Duffy and all of his friends. And for the first time, those characters speak and sing in English. You can shop for Duffy merch in a store dedicated to Duffy and Friends characters. Each character has a section of the store. In the shop, you can also purchase a Duffy scavenger hunt that'll take you all over the ship. If you complete the scavenger hunt, you get a prize, a sailor hat for your own Duffy Bear. And if you're planning on shopping while on board, keep an eye out for reservations to get into the stores in the evenings when crowds will be at their highest. Love karaoke, but prefer to embarrass yourself only in front of your family and friends? Same. This ship has private karaoke rooms. There are three private karaoke rooms on board with room for 8 to 10 guests each. You can book these rooms in advance, and non-alcoholic drinks and snacks are included with your reservation. Now, we have experienced inside balcony stateaterooms on other cruise lines, but this is our first on a Disney ship. These rooms are just like the balcony rooms facing the outside of the ship, but instead your view is one of the main inside areas. Our room faced the Disney Imagination Garden. This is essentially the Grand Hall and entrance aboard this ship, but there are also rooms facing Disney Discovery Reef. Now, we found this room to be pretty loud. One morning we had Toy Story tunes blasting starting at 6:00 a.m. So, you may want to consider a different room location or view if you're a light sleeper. While we're awaiting confirmation of Harry's coming to Disney World's Hollywood Studios, you can already dine in this Monsters Inc. restaurant aboard the Adventure. Well, a version of it. Mike and Sy's Flavors of Asia is designed after Harry Housens in the film. This spot offers up four distinct Japanese dining experiences, including from sushi to steak and beyond, similar to habachi style, and a taste of Harry Housins. This restaurant is a premium upgrade, meaning it's not included within the cruise price like some of the other restaurants on board. That being said, we felt that this was a great addition to the restaurant lineup with high quality, gorgeous food, and we felt it was worth the splurge if you're looking for a special dinner on board. The Adventure also has their own version of Palo, the adults only restaurant found on other Disney Cruise Line ships. So, how about those included restaurants? Things are set up just like they are in Disney's other ships with rotational dining that will rotate you through the main dining rooms on different nights of your cruise, so you get to experience a bit of it all. There are essentially four restaurants with multiple dining rooms here. Animators Pallet and the neighboring Animators Table will be familiar to many of you who have sailed with Disney before. Hollywood Spotlight Club and its sister, Navigators Club, celebrate the glamour of old Hollywood. Pixar Market celebrates Pixar films, including Inside Out, Monsters University, Turning Red, and The Incredibles. [music] Enchanted Summer has two dining rooms, one themed to Tangled, and the other to Frozen. [music] We got full restaurant reviews over at disneyfoodblog.com if you want to see everything we ate and find out which was our favorite restaurant. If you've cruised on other Disney ships, typically most of your other options outside of the main dining rooms are going to be buffets. Not so on the Disney Adventure. Quick service spots like Grandala's Kitchen, which is Moana themed, Mowgli's Eery, Stitches Ohana Grill, and Cosmic Kebabs are all included in your cruise price and offer something a bit more elevated than your standard cruise buffet. Dining is done similarly to Chipotle, where you walk up to the counter and tell the cast member what you'd like to include in your meal. They'll have sauces set out at the end, and each spot comes with themed seating inside, as well as some themed seating outside the restaurant. Since these spots are small, you may need to snag a reservation. So, once again, keep an eye on the Navigator app for info about when and how you might need to do that. Many menus on board feature Asian inspired dishes, but you'll still find some classic Disney Cruise Line favorites, like our favorite Disney chicken tenders. We found them at Grandalas and also on the room service menu. Room service is available 24/7 like on all the other Disney ships. And you'll find a mix of some familiar stuff like those Baby Belell cheese plates and some more Asian specialties like Dandan noodles. Another pro tip, you can get Mickey premium bars at quick service and rotational dining restaurants. Just ask your server, but you won't find them on the room service menu. You'll also find the familiar soft serve at Whezy's Freezies. A brand new fireworks show debuted on the adventure, and it's like nothing we've seen on a Disney cruise before. This new show, set to music from The Lion King, was bigger and more explosive than the fireworks shows you might see on Pirate Night on Disney's other ships. Because the show is much bigger, you don't need to worry as much about staking out a spot to watch. Though, we would recommend port side in the middle of the ship on deck 18 as the best location. If you've cruised with Disney before, you may have enjoyed escaping to the adults only areas with private pools and coffee bars and spas. The Adventure doesn't have any of that. There are definitely a few areas that tend to end up as adults only, like the infinity pool area in particular has a much calmer, less kid-filled vibe, but there's nothing on the Adventure that's exclusively adults except for Paulo. So, that means you can bring the kids anywhere on the ship with you, but they've still got their own areas to hang out if they'd prefer some time with kids their own age. There are several bars and lounges around the ship with cocktails, mocktails, and snacks. Spellbound is the bar we'd recommend visiting. It's themed to the evil queen from Snow White, My Favorite Villain. This lounge has loads of subtle and not so subtle details with mirrors, apples, and dagger motifs throughout. There are some souvenir cups here, but they sold out almost immediately. So, if that's a high priority for you, head there [music] first. Tiana's Bayou Lounge is a little more laid-back and atmosphere, and you can grab some beignes. And Buccaneer Lounge is hidden by the entrance to Navigator's Club and has some serious speak easy vibes. San Francisco Street was so incredibly themed, we've never seen anything like it. They even pump in smells. Every storefront has tiny little details. The ramen shop has the chefs working in the kitchen, so be sure to stand there and hear a bit of the story. The subway station has Subway announcements playing, and the news kiosks have so many little details, so be sure to spend some time just looking around at all the small stuff here. The arcade has games themed to each of the Big Hero 6 characters. And the Vibe and Edge teen club entrances are completely themed to this street as well. It all feels seamless. You can even meet Baymax here. If this sounds like the ship for you, you're going to want to do some planning to make things as smooth as possible. Disney has several partner hotels in the Marina Bay area for a stay ahead of your embarcation. We'd recommend staying close to the port. [music] When you arrive at the port, have a copy of your port arrival form available offline. The Wi-Fi was finicky and we spent a long time trying to get ours to load. If you're taking a ground transfer directly from the airport to the cruise terminal, you'll get your luggage tags at the airport. Otherwise, they'll tag your bags when you arrive at the port. If you have items in outside open pockets or attached to your bag, you'll need to take those with you rather than check them. We had a travel pillow and water bottle that we needed to carry with us since they weren't securely inside our check bags. We arrived about an hour ahead of our scheduled port arrival time and were able to get in line right away, but your mileage may vary here. We'd still suggest arriving a bit early in case you need to battle the Wi-Fi or anything else that comes up. The Disney Adventure is made for exploring. [music] The other Disney ships feel more like a contained experience, but this ship has more of a sense of discovery. You'll never know what you might find just around the corner. There are hidden details everywhere, and the attention to detail feels on par with the theme parks. Much more intricate than other Disney ships. And that does it for our first look at this brand new ship. If you want even more Disney Cruise Line, be sure to download our free guide to the ships at disneyfoodblog.com/cruise planning. Check out all of our cruise line playlists and stay tuned to the channel for more cruise content coming soon. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food [music] Blog and we'll see you real soon.
