---
video_id: Tev2WwkOyCE
channel: DFBGuide
title: "We Ate EVERYTHING at EPCOT's Flower & Garden Festival"
published: 2026-03-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tev2WwkOyCE
---
It's time once again for the most beautiful Epcot Festival of the year. The 2026 Epcot Flower and Garden Festival has begun and we're bringing you the top eats, the pro tips, and our expert opinions on what you cannot miss. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog and today we're talking about all the delicious food and must seea entertainment and extras with reviews straight from our team on the ground at Epcot's Flower and Garden Festival. I love this time of year at Epcot and I cannot wait to bring you along with us. This year, the festival runs from now all the way through June 1st, 2026. There are over 20 food booths at the festival. They call them outdoor kitchens, but there's plenty more to do than just eat around the park. You're going to find flowers and gardens, obviously, plus incredible character topiaries that Disney's horiculture team spend the whole year cultivating. Take some time to explore a tropical rainforest garden in the Mexico pavilion. Check out the English Tea Garden and Shakespeare Garden in the United Kingdom to a bamboo garden in China and the butterfly garden in World Nature. The English Tea Garden offers complimentary tours as well. The Garden Rocks concert series performances are free with Epcot admission and take place at the America Gardens Theater. Show times are 5:30, 6:45, and 8:00 p.m. Internationally known artists perform Friday through Monday, and local bands take the stage Tuesday to Thursday. Keep an eye out for the Jam and Gardeners, a festival twist on the longtime running Jams performances. Spikes Pollination Exploration Scavenger Hunt is back this year. The map costs $11.99 and comes with a prize. This year it's a little solar flower pot which is just adorable. And a second scavenger hunt, the extravaganza scavenger hunt has you hunting for character eggs around World Showcase. If you want to take home a souvenir, you got plenty of options. Look for stuff including apparel and glasswware, kitchen wear and magnets and of course mini ears, all bearing logos of the festival and its attractions. There is a ton to do at this year's festival and we have a fully updated for 2026 ebook to help you plan. This guide is packed with showtimes and performer lineups and food crawls and tips and hacks and of course full color photos and reviews of every single dish at the festival because you know we eat them all every year. Our team has been working hard to put this one together for you with the latest and greatest tips we have on hand to help you become the expert. Yep. As soon as we get done with the festival, we are updating that guide to get you the latest version ASAP. You're going to find this and all of our other snack and festival guide books over at dfbstore.com. Be sure to use code YouTube to get a discount and stay tuned to the end of the video for some of our best festival tips. Ready to dive into our best of the fest for this year's festival? Okay, let's go. We're going to start at the brand new booth this year, Nectar, and talk about the tuna poke bowl. This is packing one of the best lunch options at the fest. Edamame, avocado, mango, pickled red onion, seaweed salad, furkake, and umami sauce are all served on a bed of sticky rice for a substantial festival option. The tuna is super high quality. The pickled veggies add a touch of tang as well as crunch. The seaweed salad adds a nice brininess and the mango brightens everything up. This is a high quality poke bowl. Also at the newest booth, Nectar, the panakotta is made with a cherry gel and matcha crumb and topped with a citrus cookie, plant-based meringue, and flour confetti. We were shocked at how good this panacotta was. First, we would like to note that it's coconut based, but it doesn't taste like coconut. In fact, it tasted pretty lemony. Our only complaint, though, is that the texture wasn't quite right, at least for a proper panakotta. Beach grub won our title best of the fest last year, and this year, the grilled corn still delivers a win. This has been at the festival for several years in a row and is always fantastic. It's covered with a savory garlic spread and a plant-based cheese. Super rich, very flavorful. It's absolutely delicious whether you're plant-based or not. Now, it's a bit messy to eat with that spread on top, so grab a few extra napkins along with this snack and just be prepared. The frozen desert violet lemonade at pineapple prominade is a returning drink and it is still just as good as it's been in the past. This is the one that's gone viral for years and Disney even created Flower and Garden merchandise based on it. It's got that perfect slushy texture with a nice sourness complemented by that sweetness. And if you love frozen lemonade, it's a must try. We also love that the flowers are grown in the land pavilion in Epcot that they use for decoration. And they're edible, so eat them. It's all part of the experience of the drink. The sugar-coated skewer of strawberries and grapes is coated in candied sugar syrup to create the perfect dessert balance of healthy and not so healthy. This is gorgeous and I have a soft spot for this dessert as I've got some fond memories of eating these kinds of things in Japan. I love going to street festivals and getting those sugarcoated oranges and sugarcoated strawberries. Now, the Epcot version is actually served in the China pavilion and totally lives up to the hype. Epcot's been doing these new bowl desserts, which are kind of a twist on the classic school bread that uses the same sort of base cardamom bun as the school bread, but totally switches out the fillings and toppings. And this one might be my new favorite. This is filled with lemon curd and topped with mering. And when I say filled with lemon curd, I mean it is just overflowing with it. The mering topping was a bit more like marshmallow and the cardamom flavor is very light. The lemon curd offers that nice tart accompaniment. You're going to love this one. The trio of dips and chips is back on our best of the fest from Yacht Grub. Now, we love the chips themselves. They were house-made and very crispy like a good chip should be. But the dips are what sells us on this. The pimento cheese dip is yummy and rich, and the whipped feta is creamy and flavorful. But it's that caramelized onion dip with the caviar that wins us over. Not because of the caviar, but because of the actual onion flavor. The shakuterie board over at Yacht Grub is loaded, easily sharable. All the cheeses are more mild and nice and creamy. Very crowd-pleasing choices here. As for the meats, you've got a mix of pushcuto and salami. Nothing too out of the envelope, nothing too spicy. It all comes paired with some thin crackers, girkens, and a fruit spread that pairs well with some of those creamier cheeses. Also, at Yacht Grub, if you're looking for a well- balanced, refreshing cocktail, you have found it. The lemonchello basil sparkling cocktail combined sparkling wine with serums club soda and lemonchello leour for a tart and sweet but not too sweet profile. It also smells amazing. Now over at Sworld Showcase, we kind of liked everything this year and we're always excited to see a larger variety of Dolehip flavors. We love this peach option. It comes in a waffle cone. It's very fruity and refreshing, but it doesn't have an artificial flavor. It's more of a natural fruit flavor, which is kind of rare with peach flavored things. Also, at World Showcase, the lemon sorbet was incredible. This was really light with a perfect balance of sweet and tart, like a lemon ice you might find at a baseball game or a fair. We do recommend getting a cup to go along with your cone, though, because these do start melting quickly. Also, it's World Showcase, we've got the liquid nitrogen honey marcapone cheesecake back in action this year. Now, this has been on the best of the fest for a few years, and it's served with fresh honey, granulated honey, and honey, me blueberry compost. It has all these different wonderful textures and flavors that combine to create a really unique dessert. Now, we're not always in love with the liquid nitrogen options that they have at the festivals, but this one delivers. Over at Citrus Blossom, the orange sesame tempura shrimp are back on the list. We've loved these in the past, and they've wowed us again this year. Their crispy shrimp coated in an orange chili sauce, but don't worry about that chili. It doesn't make it too spicy. Now, the key lime wine slushy at Citrus Blossom melted real fast, and it definitely isn't as good if it loses that slushy consistency, but we loved this drink. We recommend staying inside the Odyssey building to enjoy it and take advantage of that AC. It's very tart, like lip puckeringly tart, but we'd also describe it as bright and refreshing. Not for everyone, but if you're like me, this might be perfect for you. Also, at Citrus Blossom, the cinnamon beignes are on our list. These are a lot doughier than the rest of the beignes you're going to find around Disney World. They're almost more like a bite-siz doughut. They're topped with a lemon glaze and served with a blueberry compost, so you got a great bright fruit element here as well. It's a well-rounded, sharable sweet treat. Everyone in the family will like it. Over at Honey Beastro, the honeycomb bowl was surprising for us this year. Brand new on the festival menu. It's got herb quinoa, honey whipped goat cheese, poached apples, and hot honey cauliflower topped with a honey twee. The dish is everything the flower and garden fest is about. Fresh, plant ccentric, but overall elevated and unique. At Trowl and Trellis, the pork ribs, they're the miso cola glazed sticky pork ribs are topped with spicy pickled peppers and peanuts and are the perfect blend of sweet and savory and a little bit spicy. They're fairly tender. They fall off the bone nicely. The peanuts added a nice crunch, and the peppers were surprisingly hot. These were a very popular item when we were at the booth, so be sure to get yours before they sell out. The garden vegetable flatbread at Trow and Trellis is a mini pizza that features borson crumbles, garlic, and fine herbs cheese topped with roasted vegetables and arugula salad. And it's another awesome full lunch option at the festival. This is a huge flatbread covered in delicious roast veggies and lots and lots of tomatoes. The borsan is creamy and compliments the veggies well and there's a good herbaceious flavor to the whole dish. Over at Flor Deise over there in the France pavilion, you got caramelized onions on a flaky pastry crust topped with bacon. This reminds me a lot again of my favorite flemen couch that I used to get when I lived in Switzerland. You've got those sweet onions and that very flavorful, meaty, fatty bacon. And I love that combo. The bacon saltiness here really helped balance the other flavors out and that delicious mellow onion flavor pulled everything together. Now we're headed to Summerfest. We've got a kicheike tart with layers of caramelized onion, egg custard, asparagus, and tomato. This was super savory and hearty and comforting. And no, I'm not going to try to say what it actually is called. It's got a complex mix of flavors all happening at the same time. Kind of like its name. Overall, a surprising but welcome addition to the best of the fest list. And I'm telling y'all, your kids are going to be eating a lot of veggies at this festival. Also, at Summerfest, we've got the Blossom Spritz. Now, this drink is something we'd expect to find at one of Disney's higherend bars or lounges, not tucked away in the back of the Germany pavilion at a festival booth. It's made with St. Germaine, sparkling wine, soda water, fresh lime, and mint. And the drink is equal parts sweet and fresh. Heading to the best of the fest for kids, we're going to tap the frozen island escape at Nectar. This non-alcoholic drink is made with Minutemade peach and mango smoothie with an Outshine frozen mini fruit pop serving as the garnish. Kids and adults like us are going to love the whole drink with a fruit pop thing. And it's got a great blend of peach and mango flavors. Very, very nice little mocktail here. Best plant-based dish of the festival, despite there being a ton of great plant-based items on our regular Bust of the Fest list here, is the plant-based Poké Ball at Nectar. Now, as much as we love the tuna version, we have to give a shout out to the plant-based version that comes sounds tuna. Still a large dish that could easily be a lunch, and with the inclusion of avocado, it feels substantial enough to not just be a plant-based afterthought. It's time for our best booth of the festival. Our runner up this time around is Nectar. There's something for everyone at this brand new booth. If you're looking for a full lunch in Epcot, you've got it. Plant-based eaters, this is one of the best options for the festival. Traveling with kids who could use a sugar rush, that frozen island escape is fun and tasty. With great deals and portion sizes, this is one booth we'll be headed back to again and again. But our very best booth, the winner winner chicken dinner this year is the Trowel and Trellis. Now, this came out with a strong showing. The booth had some heavy hitters in the food category. We're obsessed with that flatbread. And it's got something for the meat lovers, the veggie lovers, those who embibe, and those who avoid alcohol, plus a tasty and cute dessert. Overall, this booth is a one-stop shop with a well-rounded menu that'll appeal to almost everybody, plus generous portion sizes and incredibly tasty dishes. This is our best of the fest. So, thank you for hanging around for the tips from this year's festival. Opening day is usually going to be the most crowded. This time around, it wasn't too bad, believe it or not. But going forward, I would definitely avoid visiting the festival on the weekends. Keep in mind that the Flower and Garden Festival coincides with spring break as well. So, while the weather is almost perfect for a while here, it's going to be a busy time of year. Also, have a plan of attack. When you get to Epcot, don't forget to grab a festival passport so you can check show times and more. Our reporters always pack a cafeteria tray so they don't have to worry about juggling all that food and drink as they hunt for somewhere to eat. We recommend everybody do that. It makes things a lot easier and has been known to save a few drinks from disaster. I always pack one that fits into my backpack so it's real easy to just put away if I'm going to go ride a ride. If you want a quick cheat sheet for the festival, we've got our updated map and food checklists. You can grab those for free at disneyfoodblog.com/flowergarden or just scan the QR code you see right now. And don't forget that if you want more info, we've got every single detail you need in our 2026 DFB guide to the Epcot Flower and Garden Festival at dfbstore.com. One major thing to note this year is that booths have some weird hours. Most booths will open at 11:30 during the week instead of the typical 11:00 a.m., which is different from like every other festival, but they'll still open at 11:00 on the weekends. Oh, and Florida Fresh will open at 9:30 a.m. just to make things weird. Another new thing for this year was the opening day merchandise organization. Before entering the park, guests were grouped into an attractions line, pin purchasing line, and those headed toward the festival merchandise. Each group was led into the park by cast members to help control the crowds. And that's a bit different from the free-for-all we're used to. The verdict is still out on whether it was useful at all. Remember that if you're using the Disney dining plan, you can use your snack credits on a ton of items at the food booths. Just keep an eye out for that little Disney dining plan purple logo since some of these items can be a great deal. Some are over $10 when you're paying cash and those are an amazing deal on the Disney dining plan. If you want to guarantee a great seat for those garden rocks concerts, dining packages are available for those offering guests the chance to pair breakfast, lunch, or dinner. either a multi-course meal or a full buffet based on the location at a participating Epcot table service restaurant with guaranteed priority seating for an evening show on the same date. Packages start at 56 for adults and 21 for kids. These restaurants all offer advanced dining reservations. And remember, the Disney dining plan is accepted at most of these meals. A same day walk up dining package is also available at an Epcot counter location, Regal Eagle Smokehouse in the American Adventure Pavilion. and it offers guaranteed seating with a meal at a much lower price point. But again, can't pre-book that. That's going to be on the day of only. You can plan to take a ride on Living with the Land to see their festival overlay, including an edible flower garden and other scenes and additions only around through the end of May. Though, we have to admit the overlay this year is a little lackluster. We're hoping they add a little bit more to what they had on day one. Now, if you want to get more in-depth in those green houses, this is a great time to book a behind the scenes tour. It's an hour-ong tour. It costs just $39 to $45 and takes you into Epcot's green houses for a look at how Disney grows all that food. If you stop by Communicor Hall, you might spot the Spike the Bee Topiary Show. About every 90 minutes, the lights will dim while Flight of the Bumblebee plays along with light thunder and rainstorm sound effects. The festival official food crawl, the plant-based garden graze, is back again this year. You can purchase five to seven designated items at various food booths and receive a stamp in your festival passport for each of them. Then you can get a free pineapple doips swirled with plant-based vanilla ice cream in a souvenir cup plus a wildflower seed packet at the pineapple prominade booth. So that's a wrap on the 2026 Flower and Garden Festival best of the fest in Epcot. If there's a dish you're curious about that didn't make our best of the fest list, don't worry. We've got a full reviews over at disneyfoodblog.com. Every single booth, every single food item. If you're headed to Disney World soon, be sure to subscribe to the channel and check out our free newsletter so you can stay uptodate on all the latest Disney parks news. You can sign up very easily. The link to sign up is right down in the description. We hope you'll join us. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Vlog and we'll see you real soon.
