---
video_id: HGVxkYVaB28
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Latest Disney News: MAJOR Galaxy’s Edge Changes in Disneyland, New Gideon’s Restaurant & MORE!"
published: 2026-01-17
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGVxkYVaB28
---
It's a big week for Disney and Star Wars fans. Disney World is getting a brand new restaurant in Disney Springs. Galaxy's Edge in Disneyland is finally embracing the original trilogy. We've also got lots of festival news for you, some potential ride closures, new snacks you can't miss, plus everything you need to know if you're headed to Disney World. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. Now, our team may be hard at work bringing you up tothem minutee coverage of Epcot's Festival of the Arts, which just started yesterday, but we got a whole lot more Disney World, Disneyland, and Universal Orlando news to cover this week for you. So, let's dive in. Okay, so Gideon's Bake House in Disney Springs just dropped some massive news about a brand new location that they're opening. The fast casual restaurant will be called Six Ravens. It's going to open later this year, just a few doors down from the Gideon's Disney Springs storefront in the former Art of Shaving location. It's set to open midyear with a menu that will feature all new offerings, including hand pie sandwiches called coffins, house-made yeast rolls with fillings and other savory options. We also got word that two Disney restaurants are closing. Disney's confirmed that Yachtsman Steakhouse at the Yacht Club Resort will close in May 2026 for a refresh. The restaurant is expected to reopen in August 2026. In addition, the lounge adjacent to Yachtsman Steakhouse, the Cruise Cup Lounge, will be closing even sooner on February 23rd, but that restaurant is expected to reopen in May. On April 29th, Disney is expanding the timeline for Galaxy's Edge in Disneyland to include more Star Wars eras that will unlock the timeline in the biggest way yet. They're rolling back the timeline several decades to include characters and storylines from The Empire Strikes Back, Return of the Jedi, The Mandalorian, and Ahsoka. New characters will be roaming Galaxy's Edge. Darth Vader's search for Luke Skywalker will bring him to Batu, joined by Imperial Stormtroopers. Leia Orana and Han Solo will be reunited with Luke Skywalker and Chewbacca in Batu as well. You can expect to see Leia in a brand new Adventure Leia outfit near the Millennium Falcon. Luke is going to roam the outpost. Han Solo will also be spotted hanging out near his iconic ship for the very first time. Tokotano, plus the Mandalorian and Grou, can be spotted near the marketplace. Catch R2-D2 continuing to roll through the land near Droid Depot and the garage. And Ray can be found in the resistance camp going forward. The Disney Visa meet and greet that was formerly home to Darth Vader over there in Tomorrowland will now greet Kylo Ren. Batu is going to start to sound a bit different, too. The addition of beloved scores from the iconic composer John Williams will make its way to Galaxy's Edge. As the timelines and storylines blend, you also might notice some updates to shops throughout Galaxy's Edge. First Order Cargo will become Black Spire Surplus, where a couple of droids are now running a military surplus shop so that they can sell anything from any era and any side of the conflict. Doc Andar's Den of Antiquities will display a different array of one-of-a-kind items from its past, changing with the times. You can expect to still enjoy the same rides and food you've been enjoying at Galaxy's Edge, along with the production show Shadows of Memory, a Skywalker Saga. On select evenings, Fire of the Rising Moons will also continue. As of now, these changes are only slated for Disneyland's version of Galaxy's Edge. The Imagineers we spoke to said that they wanted to make sure that the two batos offer different experiences, but we'll be keeping an eye out for any updates at Disney's Hollywood Studios as well. In the meantime, Oga's Cantina and Rise of the Resistance in Disneyland will both be experiencing a little downtime. Ogas doesn't have any hours between January 20th and February 26th as far as the Disneyland calendar currently goes out. Disney hasn't yet revealed what this closure is for, but could it have something to do with original trilogy storylines coming into Star Wars Galaxy's Edge, or is it just routine refurb? Star Wars: Rise of the Resistance is also scheduled to close for refurbishment starting January 20th with no reopening date currently set. Disney has confirmed that the closure here is just a regular refurb. There won't be any storyline or character changes to the ride during the closure. Menus have been announced for Disney California Adventures Lunar New Year. From January 23rd to February 22nd, Disney California Adventure will ring in the Year of the Horse with additional cuisine and entertainment offerings, including special Disney character sightings and more. Menus have officially dropped for this festival. You can check out the full lineup at disneyfoodblog.com. And we are super excited to try a bunch of new dishes that have been added to the food booths. That's not the only West Coast Festival news, though. The beverage education seminars are returning to Disney California Adventures Food and Wine Festival for 2026. Beverage seminars are bookable ticketed experiences designed for a deeper dive into flavors and techniques and pairings. Tickets are $30 each and different seminars run throughout the festival from March 6th to April 27th. Okay y'all, I've got some super exciting news. We've been building something to make Disney World vacation planning even easier. I am very excited to announce our new Disney World all accessess VIP video planning kit. We realized that people don't need more advice to sift through. They just need Disney to be easy. So, we built a complete start to finish system for planning a Disney World trip without losing your mind. Through clear step-by-step video walkthroughs and highv value bonus downloads, I'm bringing all my expertise to you to help you figure out that 2026 vacation so you're making choices that make your Disney trip feel magical. Let's do it together. You can scan the QR code you see on the screen now or head to dfbstore.com to check it all out. Our team's been working extremely hard to get these out for you and we are so excited to share them. Disney has quietly filed a new construction permit for Haunted Mansion in Magic Kingdom. And while it doesn't spell out exactly what we should expect, it does give us a clearer picture of what kind of work might be happening behind the scenes. The scope of work is described broadly as general construction, which is typical for Disney permits that allow flexibility for a range of potential updates or improvements. This work is likely related to show elements and infrastructure updates or long-term maintenance rather than something public facing like new queue additions. At this point, Disney hasn't announced any closures or refurbs or seasonal overlay changes tied to Haunted Mansion in Magic Kingdom. Disney's first afterhour event of the year officially sold out at the Magic Kingdom earlier this week. The January 12th event, which offered tickets at $175, was completely sold out as of Monday morning. And this indicates that these hard ticket events remain super popular in 2026. There are lots more after hours already announced for Magic Kingdom and Hollywood Studios in Epcot, though, so don't wait to grab those tickets cuz you might miss out. The Walt Disney World Swan and Dolphin just announced the dates for the 2026 Swan and Dolphin Food and Wine Classic. So, mark your calendars now if you want to attend. This year, the classic will take place on November 20th and 21st from 5:00 p.m. until 9:00 p.m. each day. The annual event is 2 days of gourmet cuisine from award-winning chefs paired with fine wines, beers, and spirits from all around the world. In addition to the delicious food and drinks, the event also features live entertainment and seminars and fireworks. There will also be tickets available for tastings and educational seminars. And tickets aren't on sale yet, but we will update you once they are available. This particular food and wine festival, you just buy a ticket and you're able to kind of eat whatever you want at the festival, which is a nice way to do it. I wish they did that at the Disney festivals, but they don't. But [music] anyway, Swan and Dolphin is within walking distance to Epcot and Hollywood Studios, so it's an easy thing to do on an evening that you're already in Disney World. The Disney Adventure cruise ship has made its way to Port Canaveral, Florida. While the ship will officially start sailing out of Singapore, the Disney Cruise Line brought its newest ship to Florida to show it off. This ship will sail through the Panama Canal, stop in Los Angeles, California, and then head across the Pacific Ocean to Tokyo. We only got a quick peek at the ship from afar, but we cannot wait to bring you coverage from this cruise once it officially sets sail in March. We'll be there. I hope some of you Universal pass holders were lucky enough to snag a ride on one of the Marty GR parade floats for this year's celebration. Those free tickets were available to book on Thursday, by the way. But we've got even more Universal Marty GR news coming your way. Concerts have been announced for the celebration that runs from February 7th [music] to April 4th. BB Rexa Zed and the All-American Rejects are just a few of the acts to grace the Universal stage. You can see the full list and dates over at disneyfoodblog.com and you will want to Hey Massachusetts friends. If you follow DFB on Instagram, you already know this, but I'm coming to see you. I'm very excited to finally meet you. I'll be at An Unlikely Story in Plainville, Massachusetts on March 28th for a book signing. I'll be discussing my book Disney Adults with romance author Jenny L. How. The link for tickets is down below. I can't wait. Marketplace Snacks in Disney Springs has just debuted three brand new savory waffle options. We started off with the cheeseburger waffle, which is $12.99 and comes with a special blend. Ground beef, crispy bacon, cheddar, dill, pickle, iceberg, lettuce, diced tomatoes, and burger sauce mix. All served inside a bubble waffle. We were a little disappointed with this first waffle. They used the same sweet bubble waffle for the savory items, which didn't really work super well with the cheeseburger concept. The burger sauce ended up making the bubble waffle all soggy, and the ratio of ingredients was a little off. Next up was the barbecue brisket waffle for $12.99. This waffle's filled with barbecue brisket, sweet black pepper barbecue sauce, pickled onions, and chopped parsley. The flavors in this one are much more complimentary to the sweet bubble waffle. The barbecue sauce has a decent amount of sweetness along with smokiness, which works much better than the mayonnaise-based burger sauce. This one also had lots of meat. Last but not least, we have the hot honey chicken waffle for $129. It's filled with hot honey chicken, black pepper, candied bacon, spicy pickle, sllo, roasted jalapenos, garlic ranch, and chopped parsley. There was a good amount of chicken here, and we enjoyed the hot honey sauce, but the ranch overpowers the hot honey, and we felt there was a little bit too much sllo. Overall, we were most impressed by the barbecue brisket waffle and would rate that one an 8 out of 10. Next up, the hot honey chicken, which was a 5 out of 10, and the cheeseburger a three out of 10. Everglazed Donuts and Cold Brew just released a new limited edition doughnut to celebrate their fifth anniversary at Disney Springs. The blueberry Pop-Tart donut is $6.95. It starts with Everglazed Signature Glazed Donut, a pillowy soft doughnut with a sweet hardened glaze. Then it's topped with a white icing and rainbow sprinkles that are reminiscent of our favorite childhood breakfast treat. Piped on top is a blueberry flavored buttercream frosting which tastes exactly like the inside of a Pop-Tart. And it's supporting big chunks of blueberry Pop-Tarts. Then stuffed in the middle is a tart blueberry jam that evens out that sweetness. They nailed the flavor with this one. It really tasted like a blueberry Pop-Tart. The jelly inside was so good and the blueberry flavor was just intense enough. Refreshment Outpost in the World Showcase of Epcot has brought back one of our favorite Dolehip flavors, the raspberry pineapple Dolehip Swirl was $6.29. This is a combination of classic pineapple and limited edition raspberry. And those two flavors are always complimentary and refreshing. It's the same creamy fruity doip you know and love with a fun new twist. The waffle cone it's served in is your average waffle cone. It stayed nice and crunchy even after our photo session. Heads up though, this isn't an official menu item. tends to come in during diet Epcot. So Epcot without a festival and they rotate between the flavors through uh in the middle of the festivals. If you're headed to Epcot anytime soon and you love giant savory snacks, I need you to put the beast crepe at the top of your list, you'll find it at crepes for $15.95. This is a savory gallette. It's filled with cheese and mushrooms, ham, and arugula. Inside the gallette is warm, hearty, and rich without being too heavy. The mushrooms are used just enough to add that deep savory umami flavor that balances out all the cheese. Now, this thing is monstrously huge. Like genuinely big enough to share. It's filling and comforting. Feels more like a meal than a snack. Absolutely. Which is honestly a win when you're spending a full day walking around World Showcase. Swirls on the Water has debuted its new Dolehip lineup for the month of January. First on our list was the black vanilla cone for $6.29. Full of mango and strawberry flavor that blended perfectly together. It's a light and refreshing treat just right for spring, even though we're still a few months away from that. Next up was the Doehip Sampler for $8.99. This cycles through several different flavors throughout the year. Right now, you've got Dole Whip Pineapple with vanilla soft serve. They always have that one in the flight. Dolehip cherry with chocolate soft serve and mello cherry sauce and Dolehip Strawberry with Dole Whip Mango and diced strawberries and mangoes on top. [music] The new flavor here in the sampler is the cherry with chocolate soft serve. We loved how pleasantly tart the cherry flavor was and how it blends perfectly with the sweetness of that chocolate. Finally, we got the Valentine's ML cherry sundae for $7.29, which is made with dole whip cherry, chocolate soft serve, Valentine sprinkles, ML cherry sauce, and a marishino cherry in a waffle bowl. Again, the cherry and chocolate are balanced in this, and there's plenty of the cherry sauce for the whole treat, which means it's easy to eat since it's not too rich or heavy. If this is the week you head to Disney World, let me know in the comments. Here is what you need to know before you head into the parks. Epcot's Festival of the Arts has begun, which means big crowds in Epcot this weekend. As you're strolling around World Showcase, keep in mind that Frozen Ever After is closing soon for a refurbishment. The ride will be closed starting January 26th and scheduled to reopen in February, during which time those animatronics are going to be getting a literal facelift in the style of the Hong Kong Disneyland version of the ride. For those of you staying at Caribbean Beach, Riviera Resort, Pop Century, and Art of Animation are looking to visit any of those resorts, remember this is the time that the Skyliner is closing. January 25th to 31st. Sorry about the wrong date in last week's latest news. My sincere apologies. I should have known better than that. Anyway, January 25th to the 31st, the Skyliner will be closed for annual maintenance. If you're dining at Ohana at Disney's Polynesian Village Resort, you may not have a picture perfect view for the time being. Portions of the exterior of the Polynesian Village Resort are undergoing maintenance, and Disney specifically noted that views of Seven Seas Lagoon and subsequently Cinderella Castle, including all of those fireworks views, may be partially or fully obstructed during construction. And I've got a few more closures to let you know about. The Tidal Leisure Pool at the Beach Club Resort will be closing from mid January through early May for routine maintenance. Over at Disney's Old Key West, the Turtle Pond Pool, Turtle Pond Pool Spa, the barbecue area, and the playground will be closed from early January to early February for routine [music] maintenance as well. And if you're driving to Springs, heads up that the Lime Garage will be sporadically closed at the beginning of this year. The garage will be closed from January 12th to February 11th, then reopen very briefly from the 12th to the 16th, then close again from the 17th to March 13th. We're looking at a pretty cold week in Central Florida coming up, so bring your layers, maybe a heavier jacket, and be sure to keep an eye on any potential water park closures. Disney often closes those water parks when it gets a bit too cold for a comfortable dip in the water. That does it for theme park news this week, y'all. Stay tuned to the channel for our full recap of Epcot's Festival of the Arts and our Best of the Fest list. And be sure to follow us at Disney Food Blog on social media for even more Disney World news. Again, sign up for our newsletter to get even more fun surprises. That is completely free and you know, we love to send you all the updates. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real soon.
