---
video_id: AtFyW_1LgV0
channel: DFBGuide
title: "The ULTIMATE Guide to Choosing Your Disney Cruise Ship"
published: 2026-03-11
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AtFyW_1LgV0
---
Wait a minute. Is it really possible to make the wrong Disney cruise ship choice? Yes. But don't worry, we're going to help you find the right ship today so that all your doubts go overboard. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. Consider today's video the match game of Disney Cruise Line. I love match game. Our goal is to introduce you to the ship of your dreams so that you don't choose the wrong cruise and end up with cruise line FOMO. Ready? Awesome. Let's meet the ships. We're going to start with a lightning round o uniqueness. At surface level, the Disney cruise ships look well like cruise ships, like a one-sizefits-all kind of thing. But that really isn't true. Each ship has its own fun personality. And much like meeting new friends, some personalities mesh better with yours than others. Let me show you what I mean. The Disney Magic is a cozy, elegant gem that has a lot of Tangled inspired elements, including a stage show and themed rotational restaurant. The Disney Wonder has lots of ocean wave accents throughout the ship that make you feel kind of under the sea without actually being under the sea. Don't worry, this is the only ship where you're going to find the Tiana's Place rotational restaurant. It's also got tons of great adults only nightife. No casinos, just themed lounges, though. The Disney Dream was the first ship to really start playing around with onboard technology. We're talking magic portals in the inside stateaterooms and the midship detective agency scavenger hunt. And while it has a lot in common with the Disney Fantasy, some of its more unique features include the pink wine and champagne bar for adults only and Vanilla Peas Sweets and Treats. Again, the Disney Fantasy has a lot of overlapping elements with the Dream, but the motifs around this ship are more nature inspired with lots of patterns and peacock designs. The adults only nightlife district here is European themed. And when it comes to rotational dining, one of the exclusive restaurants on board is the Royal Court, which is very similar to the Dreams Royal Palace, but with a more intimate feel and darker tones. The Disney Wish has been deemed the castle of the seas and it was definitely a trends setter for Disney Cruise Line, especially when it comes to IPheavy influences around the ship. That being said, this continues to be the only ship with Arendelle, a frozen dining adventure, as well as the Star Wars Hyperspace Lounge, which is a familyfriendly by day and adults only by night location. The Disney Treasure, not going to lie, this is my favorite ship when it comes to decor. This is like my soul ship. Think jewel tones, Turkish lamps, gilded palace influences that celebrate Walt Disney's love for adventure, but also honestly Aladdin. A few treasure exclusive offerings include the Plaza de Coco theatrical dining experience, Disney the Tale of Moana stage show, and the genie's magic lamp in the atrium, which is just for show, but is now a DFB tradition to rub it for good luck. Kind of like touching the outside of an airplane before you board. The Disney Treasure was also the first ship to start bringing the theme parks onto the cruises with the introduction of the Haunted Mansion Lounge, the Jungle Cruise themed Skipper Society, and that Epcot themed funnel suite. The Disney Destiny is all about heroes versus villains, so good guys and bad guys can be found all around this ship. But don't worry, everyone will be on their best behavior, except maybe Loki. The Disney Destiny is most known for its Pride Lands Feast of the Lion King rotational dining location, the Disney Hercules stage show, and the first ever Marvel lounge on board a Disney ship, the Sanctum. Oh, and an adults only show featuring Deadpool. And finally, the Disney Adventure is Disney's newest ship, and it's definitely a one-of-a-kind experience, let me tell you. Not only is this the first ever Disney cruise ship to sail around Southeast Asia, but it's also the first Disney ship to have a roller coaster, a literal theme park ride on its top deck. It's the first ever Disney ship to have a Monsters Inc. premium dining experience. And it's the first ever Disney stage show to feature Wall-E and Eve as main characters. Again, this was just a quick, very quick look at some of the key details that make each ship stand out. And we'll definitely be touching on more of the specifics for each ship later on in the video when it comes to ship sizes and destinations and all-around vibes. But we have even more ship details featured in our free ultimate guide to Disney Cruise Line. You can pick that up right now, by the way, by scanning the QR code you see on the screen or clicking on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/cruiseplanning after this. It's a great kind of accompaniment to this video overall. Okay, ready to dive into all the ships and get a little more detailed. Here we go. Section one is the basics. We're going to make this fast, but we definitely have to go over some of the main reasons why you'd choose one ship versus another that go beyond themed restaurants and over-the-top stage shows. Each Disney cruise ship has a different itinerary, and different itineraries mean different destinations, right? You're going to go different places on different ships. On newer ships like the Wish, the Treasure, Destiny, the destinations will be a little more cruise line typical with stops in the Bahamas or Caribbean. But when I say typical, I don't mean lame. These destinations are still gorgeous and worth cruising to. They're just more common cruise routes that maybe you've already sailed before if you're a more seasoned Disney cruising veteran. Meanwhile, on ships like the Magic, the Wonder, the Dream, and the Fantasy, you might find some less typical Disney cruising destinations like Alaska, Mexico, Hawaii, Europe, and more. The majority of Disney's Caribbean cruise itineraries will at least make one stop in one of Disney's private island locations, either Disney's Castaway Key or Disney's Lookout Key at Lighthouse Point. Both are in the Bahamas. But some cruise itineraries might visit both Disney destinations or even double dip and visit a certain island destination twice. in one trip. Cruise destinations do vary. They vary a lot. But if there's a certain destination you're wanting to prioritize, you can go on the Disney Cruise Line website, click on the plan a cruise tab, and select the sailing to option. So, you can actually filter those ships by where they go. Once you select a destination and hit the view dates button, the site's going to pop out with all the cruises for the rest of the year that go to the place you want to visit. Or if you'd rather stay on the ship all cruise long and not dock anywhere, some ship itineraries do offer back-to-back days at sea and some days at sea only. In fact, when you cruise with the new Disney Adventure, sea days are all you're going to get. And while that might be a okay for some who want to make sure they do everything they can on this brand new cruise ship, it might be disappointing for others who enjoy cruising to go explore new places beyond the ship. Next basic we're going to talk about here is convenience. How far are you willing to travel before your cruise in order to reach a ship's port of call? Some ship ports are domestic located in places like Fort Lauderdale, Port Canaveral, Galveastston, San Diego, but others have ports that are international. So even if you find, say, a European cruise you're totally excited about, your port of call might still require you to fly internationally to reach the ship. This is a specific issue when it comes to the Disney Adventure, that brand spanking new ship. So, that guy isn't actually that expensive to sail on, but it's going to cost you probably multiple thousands to get over to Singapore to do so, depending on the flights you take. So, that's something to keep in mind is a lot of people look at the price of the cruise and they're like, "Hey, this is super cheap. I should definitely grab this." And then you're like, "Oh, unfortunately, nobody has invented teleportation yet. So, in order for me to actually get there, I got to break open the piggy bank." Now, let's talk timeline. How many nights do you really want to be on a ship? Your Disney cruise can be as short as a one night endeavor or as long as 14 plus days, but something tells me you'll more than likely fall somewhere in the middle. Shorter cruises that are 2 to four nights long tend to be better options for firsttime cruisers who aren't really sure how their body's going to react to being on the waves for hours on end. And it's also good for those who simply don't want to eat up all their vacation days and travel budget on just one trip this year. However, longer cruises that are five plus nights are bound to take you to more overseas ports in a single itinerary instead of just one or two or zero. And they'll have more specialty dining experiences and special themed nights aboard the ship for you to look forward to. Okay, now this could end up being a huge factor in things. The Disney cruises might be discounted during the year, especially if you pick a ship that's traveling towards a destination that's experiencing its shoulder season. You can check out current discounts by hovering over the plan a cruise tab on the Disney Cruise Line website and choosing the special offers option. Or if you want some help doing discount number crunching to make sure you're saving as much as you can, reach out to a reliable travel agent. We always use Small World Vacations as you know, and they do all that heavy lifting for you. Their services aren't just immeasurably useful, they are free to use, too. So, I'll go ahead and link their info down in the description for you and you can let them know we sent you. Okay, now we got all the basics out of the way. It's time to let loose and totally personalize your cruise to figure out which Disney ship is your soulmate ship. Again, mine is the treasure, but if that ends up being yours, too, it's okay. We can share. Answer the following questions to find out which ship you're most compatible with. Question number one, are you wanting a big ship or a small ship? Size matters, folks. If you're looking for a little ship, the Disney Magic and Wonder will be a nice fit. Both of these have a cozier, more intimate feel. They're easier to get around. They're less confusing. And they hold significantly fewer people than all the other ships do. So, if you're one of those folks who just really doesn't want to be shoulder-to-shoulder with a bajillion folks, these might be the best choice. The capacity for both the Magic and the Wonder is around 2,700 passengers. All the other cruise ships can accommodate 4,000 or more depending on the ship. If bigger means better to you, then welcome to Texas. and ships like the Dream, the Fantasy, the Wish, the Treasure, and the Destiny are what you're going to want to look into. These newer cruise ships are always trying to one up each other, so bigger ships tend to mean more offerings and more places to explore on board. Once you get to the Treasure, and the Destiny, you're downright getting lost all over the place. So, not everyone's a fan of the layout for the Wish, the Treasure, and the Destiny. It won't necessarily throw off your entire cruise or anything, but you won't find midship elevators or a walking track that's like cohesive. The walking tracks on these ships are kind of split between levels, and sometimes the gates are closed, and it's real weird. And then there's the biggest ship of them all, the Disney Adventure, has 20 decks, over 2,000 stateooms, and a passenger capacity of 6,700. Now, this particular ship, just to give you a little context, this was a ship that was already being built when Disney purchased it. So, it's not kind of created like any of the other Disney ships. So, if you've already been on a Disney cruise ship, the adventure is going to be a horse of a different color. But bigger ship means more opportunities to explore new areas. So, along with some of the unique key features we talked about earlier on, the adventure is also going to house so many more opportunities for exploration, including San Francisco Street, a town square full of shops and restaurants and cafes, the whole Marvel Landing area on the top deck with all of those theme park rides, and so much more. But more capacity does mean more bodies, so be prepared for bigger crowds than what you might experience on board the smaller ships. Now, question number two in our little personality test. Who are your favorite Disney characters? If you're ready to meet your heroes or even your anti-heroes, then the ship you choose does matter. While some Disney characters will make their way around every ship, like Mickey, Minnie, and the rest of the Fab Five. Other Disney characters not only choose a preferred ship and stick to it, but they'll have specialty entertainment specifically for their preferred ship, too. For example, uh you're only going to be able to meet Dr. Facilia on board the Disney Destiny. Baymax is on the adventure and the only way you can interact with the Muppets on the cruise ships is through the midship detective agency found on the Disney Dream in Fantasy. You're going to find various IP inspired sections across all the cruise ships, but when it comes to the Disney Wish and all the newer ships that come after it, those are going to have the most character variety, especially when it comes to Star Wars and Marvel. And hey, don't forget about the Oceaner Club themes. Disney Cruis's kids clubs for ages 3 to 10 only have themed areas, but also depend on what ship you choose. You can find the full list of Oceaner Club themes per ship on our free Disney Cruise Line guide. But some of the themed examples could include characters from Toy Story, the MCU, Disney Junior shows, Pixie Hollow, Frozen, Star Wars, and more. Oh, and one more thing. If you choose a cruise ship that's currently offering a specialty day at sea, like Marvel Day at Sea or Pixar Day at Sea, then you'll have the exclusive opportunity to meet more characters from your favorite films and see them perform on the Top Deck stage, too. Question number three on our personality test. Are you more into water slides, water coasters, roller coasters, or none of the above? No matter what cruise you're on, you're going to find fun rides on the top deck. But the rides you receive will all depend on yet again the ship. The Magic and the Wonder strictly offer water slides. Though between the two, the Disney Magic tends to be the more standout thanks to the Aquad Dunk. On the Aquad Dunk, you'll take a plunge in a body slide off the side of the Magic's forward funnel after the trap floor drops out from underneath you. I've done this one time and I think that's enough. The Disney Dream and Fantasy are home to the Aqua Duck, not to be confused with the Aqua Dunk on the Magic. The Aqua Duck is a 765- ft twisting and turning water coaster that might be even cooler to see at night when it's all illuminated with multicolored lights. Then there's the Wish, the Treasure, and the Destiny. All of these have the Aqua Mouse water coaster. Now, what's the difference between the Aqua Mouse and the Aquad Duck? Well, not only are there more water effects throughout the tunnels, but there's actually a story that happens during the start of the Aqua Mouse ride. This one Disney basically touts as its first Disney attraction at sea. You'll start off ascending a tunnel that has a projection technology depicting one of Mickey and Minnie's various shenanigans that they've gotten themselves into this time cuz they do that a lot. And depending on when you ride the Aqua Mouse will determine what story line you get. Yep, your adventure could be totally different the next time you ride. While the Disney Wish has an Aqua Mouse with two potential story lines, the Treasure has three and the Destiny has four. And then of course, if you're more of a roller coaster junkie, Disney Adventure has one of the most unique features across any of the ships so far. Those legit theme park rides that don't require water to operate. In the Marvel Landing area, you can check out Groot Galaxy Spin, a family-friendly spinning ride that hoists riders in the air while fueled by the music from the Guardians of the Galaxy films. Pim Quantum Racers. This is a speedy go-kart attraction inspired by Ant-Man and the Wasp and their use of Pim particles. and the Iron Cycle Test Run, the first ever roller coaster aboard a Disney Cruise Line ship and the longest coaster at sea at 820 ft in length. Now, question number four, are you taking an adults only getaway or a family vacation? This question probably doesn't matter as much considering everyone in your group should find something to entertain them on board at all times. But for adultsonly trips, you might want to look at the layout of the adults only quiet cover pool decks, as well as the different lounge themes and which lounges are strictly 21 and over. The adults only premium dining options and other adults only features that may be more unique to certain ships versus others. For example, the Disney Magic and Disney Wonder have two gazebo covered whirlpool spas on either side of the main adults only pool area. The lounges across these two ships are less character-driven, aside from the Soulcat Lounge, which is still pretty subtle. But when it comes to the Wonder specifically, you'll have a whole modern district of after hours nightclubs across the Crown and Finn pub, Cadillac Lounge, and Azure, where you can dance the night away. Palo is the only premium 21 and over restaurant you'll find aboard these ships. But really, Paulo might be all you need. Palo serves up northern Italian inspired cuisine in a space that is filled with Italian inspired decor. And while it is going to be a splurge, it's also going to be the best food you'll eat all cruise long. Meanwhile, the Disney Dream and Fantasy have more of an enclosed quiet cove area with a pool that has this really unique interlocking circular design. However, since one of the floors of rooms has an entrance/exit by the adults only area, the quiet coes aren't always completely devoid of kiddos passing by. They're just not allowed to stick around is all. The lounges are good and plentiful over at the Dream and Fantasy. And while a couple of them overlap, several of them are actually completely unique to each ship, like the Disney Dreams Pink Wine and Champagne Bar and the Disney Fantasy's European themed nightclub district, including the carousel style La Piaza bar. When it comes to adults only restaurants, the Dream and Fantasy have Palo just like Magic and Wonder, but they've also got the addition of Remy for a more Ratatouille themed French inspired fine dining experience. And then there's the Disney Wish, Treasure, and Destiny, which have infinity pools that have the most gorgeous views across the ocean. These adults only pool decks are situated in an area that won't have any kids wandering through like the Fantasy and Dream sometimes do, making these new quiet coes extra private. The lounge action across these newer ships tends to be more familyfriendly since many of them are themed around Disney stories and classic theme park attractions that everyone's going to want to check out. Though some lounges will become adults only spaces after a certain time of day like you'll find over at Hyperspace Lounge inside the Wish. Though many lounges are for all ages, that doesn't mean you're not going to find adults only lounges and piano bars on these ships, too. Couple of our personal favorites include the Cinderella themed night and gales on the wish and the Kruella themed Deville Piano Lounge on the Destiny. These three ships switch up the classic Paulo fine dining adults only experience by offering up Paulo steakhouse instead, which is set in a dining room inspired by Cogsworth from Beauty and the Beast. I'll be honest with you though, it's not all that different from regular Paulo. A lot of the same menu items are there, too. And then on top of Palo Steakhouse, there's a second premium adults onlyly dining experience here called Ashante. This is different from Remy, of course, but same general super fancy French vibe. And let's not forget the Disney Treasure and Disney Destiny also have 18 and over comedy shows for you to check, like the Indiana Jones comedy adventure on board the Treasure and the With Great Power show aboard the Destiny, which is the one starring Deadpool that I mentioned earlier on. But what about the newest Disney adventure? While there's not a dedicated adultsonly pool area like the other ships have, you're still going to have a variety of lounges to check out with subtle and classy theming, including the Pixar Luca themed Tivera Portoo and the Seven Dwarfs themed Spellbound Hideway as well as Palotaria premium adults only dining experience featuring highquality cuisine from Northern Italy. We talked a lot about what the grown-ups can find across the individual ships, but what about the kids? what can they expect to find and which ship is best for them. Like I mentioned before, each of the Oceaner clubs have different themes across the different ships, but the Disney Wish was the first ship to introduce a new kids club concept, the Walt Disney Imagineering Lab, which allows kids to learn secrets of Disney's Imagineering Department and participate in hands-on activities like creating your own virtual roller coaster. The Imagineering Lab can be found on board all of Disney's newer ships, while the classic ships, including the Magic, Wonder, Dream, and Fantasy, have the Oceaner Lab instead, another creative zone for kiddos. When it comes to tween and teen spaces specifically, every ship has its own getaway for the older kids in your group. Edge is available for ages 11 to 14 and is a club where tween or younger teens can play games, have dance or karaoke parties, and engage in counselor activities, while Vibe, available for ages 14 to 17, is a place where technology and social media rain. You're going to find giant screens complete with surround sound where teens can watch their favorite films or concerts. And you'll also find counselor activities, plus refreshment bars. If you're cruising on the Dream or Fantasy, Vibe extends to a private deck area outside that teens are really going to get a kick out of, complete with pools and ping pong. But on the Disney Wish, Treasure, and Destiny, tween and teens can also enjoy Hideaway, a unique third teen tween space adjacent to Vibe. And then there's the Hero Zone on board the Wish, Treasure, and Destiny, which is built for the whole family to enjoy an indoor sports hub. Not to mention, during select times on the cruise, the Hero Zone transforms into a whole incredame inflatable obstacle course. Meanwhile, over at the Disney Dream and Fantasy, you've got Goofy Sports Deck to enjoy, complete with mini golf courses, basketball courts, shuffle board, and virtual sports simulators. And the Disney Magic and Wonder have the Wide World of Sports deck. Oh, and if you've got a little fishy in your family who just loves all things water, each of the Disney ships has different splash pad themes to check out as well. One great thing about cruising is that unlike the Disney theme parks, you can do as little or as much as you want to on or off the ships without feeling guilty or FOMO. Honestly, you can accomplish either a super lazy or very active vacation on any of the ships, but it might be easier to take things slow and steady on a more intimate ship like the Disney Magic or Wonder, where fewer offerings means less FOMO, and your day-by-day schedule takes a whole lot less effort to plan out. Meanwhile, on a ship like the brand new Disney Adventure, you're going to have constant offerings on board to fill your day with tons of shopping opportunities, lots of water activities, those top deck rides, and tons more. Longer cruise itineraries also give you more of a chance to relax and unwind versus the shorter ones. Considering longer cruises mean more days to spread out activities throughout your whole itinerary and probably more sea days as well. Well, shorter cruises may require you to pack in as much as you can with the limited amount of time that you have on the ship. Now, the fun does not have to stop with just your cruise. You know, Adventures by Disney is a premium global tour guide company that offers planned small groupoup vacations that focus on different cultural experiences based on each location you go. And you can make Adventures by Disney part of your cruise vacation, either pre- cruise or post. Pre-cruise adventures could be easier to tack on depending on where your ship's port of call is located, while post cruise adventures could be easier depending on if your cruise is a round trip or a one-way journey that'll require you to take
