---
video_id: GkKpRKShY_s
channel: DFBGuide
title: "The ULTIMATE Guide to ALL the Festivals in EPCOT"
published: 2026-03-26
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkKpRKShY_s
---
Can you really conquer an entire Epcot festival in just one day? Are the concert dining packages actually worth the cost? What are you supposed to do about all those bees? Find out the answers to these questions and many more during today's ultimate guide to all things Epcot Festivals. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog and today we are in Epcot covering not just one festival, but all of them. Yes, every year Epcot hosts four different festivals. And while each features a completely different theme, they all have a few key things in common. Live shows, limited time merchandise, food booths, and several exciting activities to enhance your Epcot day beyond what you expected it to be. While Epcot festivals are a whole heap of fun, it's good to know all the ins and outs about them before diving head first into the festival scene. You don't want to miss out on any festival offerings, which would have been at the top of your musto list otherwise. Right. Right. And you don't want to waste a bunch of money doing stuff you don't care about. So, join me inside each of the festivals today so you can conquer any and all of them, no matter when you decide to hit one up in the future. Before we start conquering the fest, we got to introduce them to you first. Again, there are four Epcot festivals that happen each year. Kicking off the year is Festival of the Arts, a celebration of all things creative and colorful. Here you're going to find unique offerings like artist studios, chalk walks leading up to the World Showcase, and a giant collaborative paint by number mural. Festival of the Arts in 2026 also had a new Disney Laurana offering that was pretty cool with exclusive promotional cards to collect and trading quests to embark upon. Festival of the Arts is one of the shorter fests, typically spanning from the middle of January to the middle or later half of February. Then you've got Flower and Garden Festival right after that, a celebration of all things nature. Unique offerings that pop up for this one include character topiaries, an English tea tour in the UK pavilion, global gardens, including a butterfly house, and vibrant floral landscaping stretched out around the lagoon. Flower and Garden lasts quite a bit longer than Festival of the Arts, starting up in early March and typically sticking around until the beginning of June. After a break in the summer, the festival scene starts back up with Food and Wine Festival, a celebration of all things culinary. Back in the day, Food and Wine used to include a whole lot more food and drink based seminars and demonstrations. But since CO tends to have a heavier emphasis on its food booth scene only, usually offering up the most food and drink offerings of all the festivals, food and wine is another longerlasting fest, typically starting up towards the end of August and sticking around until late November. This incidentally is the one that's the hardest to cover for our team because there's so many food booths and it's right there in the middle of Orlando's most difficult season. Right, it's hurricane season, so it's probably going to rain. There is going to be oppressive heat and oppressive humidity. Usually during this festival when we're covering it, cuz as you know, we go to every single opening day of every festival and we eat everything so we can review it for you. Usually during this festival, our team ends up with their phones just totally crashing on them and just stopping like they just turn off because it's too hot. Just a heads up, be sure to pack your ponchos and make sure that you're ready for that heat. Once food and wine wraps up, the fourth and final fest tags in to round out the year, Festival of the Holidays. This is a celebration of all things merry, bright, and traditional. Lots of nostalgia here. The most unique parts about Festival of the Holidays include holiday storytellers in each pavilion, Santa Claus sightings, and the famous candlelight processional. More on that one later on. Festival of the Holidays starts up shortly after food and wine ends and sticks around until the end of the year. If you're looking for the specific date ranges for each of these Epcot festivals, we always update our free Disney World 12-month calendar just as soon as those festival dates go live. So, go ahead and scan the QR code you see on the screen now or click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/wdwcal after this. Okay, so we get asked lots of questions about the Epcot festivals on the daily. So, here's a Q&amp;A speed round to hit up some of the most frequently asked ones as quickly as possible. So, basically, I can hopefully answer any questions you came to this video with right away. First, do I need a separate ticket to attend a festival? Nope. Festival offerings like the concerts, gardens, photo ops, exhibits, and more are all included with the price of your theme park ticket. Though, you're still going to have to pay for any festival offerings like food, drinks, merchandise, and dining packages. Two, can I mobile order from the food booths? Gh, I wish. Sadly, no. Mobile ordering from the My Disney Experience app is super great for Disney's various quick service locations, but the festival food booths are not quick services and are therefore not part of the mobile order lineup. So, you're going to have to wait in line for your food and drink just like everybody else. Three, when is the best time to visit a festival? Okay, go in the middle of things. The first day weekend of a new fest is always super crowded with all of us YouTubers and bloggers reporting and all all kinds of people are just super excited to try it all. And at the very end of a festival season, that's also going to get pretty swamped with folks wanting to say their final farewells to it or like, "Oh, I meant to get over there and they never did and so they go the last weekend, right?" But if you go to a festival during the middle of its run and during the middle of the week, crowds should be fairly manageable, especially across the food booths. Four, will my kid like eating around the fest as much as I do? Maybe. Probably. Each festival does a good job of sprinkling in kid-friendly options around the food booths, which we always try to point out in our Epcot festival videos, like our Best of the Fest videos. We always have great things for kids as well. But if you're afraid that your picky eater isn't going to want to try anything new and creative across the fest, you can always lean on the safer quick service options that Epcot keeps up and running all year round. Connections Eery, that's where you're going to get your chicken tenders, your pizza, your burgers. Sunshine Seasons has a food court set up with multiple entree types. Lacantina de Sanell, tacos and chicken strips, and Regal Eagle Smokehouse for barbecue and burgers. Five. Will I be able to conquer everything in one day? Yes, if attending the festival is going to be your sole priority for visiting Epcot and you've only got one day to see and do as much of that festival as possible, it shouldn't be too hard to tackle all those festival mustos. Now, you're probably not going to be able to eat at every single booth because you will just get too full, but you can do everything else and eat at some booths. Ready to take on a hypothetical one day at a festival in Epcot together? Why do I even ask that? Of course you are. Before we're festival bound, we'll want to make sure we've got our top priority food booths locked in since it can get super overwhelming to try and decide what you want on the day you arrive. There are so many options to choose from. You don't want to strap yourself with that, right? So, leading up to your trip, I highly recommend checking out our we ate everything at the festival videos up on our channel to find out which items our team like the best. Or if you want to read up on every food and drink review to make sure you're not leaving any stone unturned or top option untasted, you can always pick up our latest festival guides at dfbstore.com. Now, we take a lot of pride in these guides by covering literally every single thing you could possibly need to know about the festivals and then some. From each festival's history to full detail event calendars to underrated festival exhibits and of course in-depth looks into what you need to know about every single food booth. We're right there with you helping you plan every single moment of your Epcot festival day. And if you want to save some money on your festival guide purchases, be sure to type in the code YouTube before you check out. All right, hope you're ready to go because we are here roped dropping this fest together to get the most out of our day right from the get- go. As soon as you scan your park ticket and walk through the tap style, be sure to pick up a free festival passport, which will provide you with all the daily ins and outs of the festival. This is also where you'll keep track of your snack crawl maps if you decide to take on a snack crawl challenge during the day. These are typically located toward the back of the passport, and they'll list out a handful of different options for you to try all through the fest. If you're able to get at least five stamps worth of items from the list, you can redeem your passport for a completer prize, which usually means a free food item. The only downside of the passports is that while they list out where each food booth is located, they don't really show you where they are. But don't worry if you've already downloaded any or all of our DFB festival guides. We got the locations for every single food booth pinpointed in our inuide maps. If festival merch is important to you, you're going to want to go ahead and get in line at Creations Shop for that shortly after you arrive. If there's something specific and potentially limited you've got your eye on. That said, the merch lines get a whole lot more chill later on in the day. And there are various booths and storefronts around the park that'll have more festival merchandise purchase opportunities, too. So, you'll definitely have ample opportunities to pick up a festival trinket or two if you want one. Most of the food booths don't open until 11:00 a.m. or 11:30. They're switching it up now on us, so it's very confusing, but it's in that 11:00 a.m. hour time frame, which means you'll definitely have some time to kill if we're rope dropping, right? So, if you're keeping your day festival driven, this might be a good time to check out whatever Communicore Hall exhibit is happening during the fest this time and or you might want to hop on Living with the Land to see what festival overlay is happening inside the greenhouse. Note that if you're visiting during Festival of the Holidays, it's best to ride Living with the Land at night to get the full effect of the glimmering green houses. Every now and then, the more permanently stationed festival food booths and snack kiosks with limited festival offerings might open right when the festival does, giving you the chance to get a head start on your tasting journey. This tends to be the case for booths like Sworld Showcase near the entrance of World Showcase, the funnel cake stand over in the American Adventure Pavilion, and of course, any of the Joffrey's kiosks for a little morning pickme up. It's a good idea to pick up your priority foods and drinks earlier versus later on, just cuz the more popular stuff can run out, especially during a busy Epcot day. The food booths are going to be sprinkled all around the pavilions, usually clearly out in the open, though some might be more tucked away in a building like Tangerine Cafe inside the Morocco Pavilion. So, while you're making your way around the World Showcase, this is a good time to check off other festival activities, too. That way, you can feed two birds with one scone. Also, be on the lookout for pop-up pavilion entertainment like holiday storytellers for Festival of the Holidays or live artists for Festival of the Arts or even exclusive photo ops like you can get with the topiaries around Flower and Garden. Now, usually each festival's concert series tends to start up toward early evening. Though, you'll always want to check your My Disney Experience app for updated times at the start of your day, just so you're familiar with the specifics. These big concerts happen at the America Gardens Theater in the American Adventure Pavilion. While many of the shows won't demand too much of your time, giving you the chance to walk right up into the outdoor seating area to see the performance, even at the last minute, others are going to rack up uber long lines that require you to line up potentially hours before the performance begins. This is very typical for super popular artists like when the Beach Boys plus John Stamos performed during Food and Wines Eat to the Bee concert series or just any of the Candlelight Prussion shows during the Festival of Holidays since a celebrity narrator like Jordan Fischer, Brendan Frasier, Brie Larson, and others is always invited to be a part of the performance. The good news is that concerts tend to happen two to three times nightly, giving you more opportunities to catch them on the flippity flop. But again, double check those daily show times just in case. By the end of the evening and after your second round of progressive dining around the festival food booths, it'll be time for you to head back to the front of the park to watch the festival themed Beacon of Magic projection show perform across Spaceship Earth. The Beacon of Magic starts up once the sun sets and features a light show every 15 minutes until the park closes. Keep in mind that the festival's specific projection shows do rotate out with the one that's available year round. So, if you see the classic Beacon of Magic Light show, stick around for another 15 minutes and you'll see the festival one right after that. As you've probably already picked up on, Epcot's festivals are filled with a lot of different add-ons. Some of them are included with general admission, and others are an added fee. But, at any rate, you're going to want to know which ones are worth your time and money. So, let's hash that out. Like I said before, some concert series aren't going to be too hard to get a seed for. But if you know the artist or band or celeb for the Candlelight Processional is going to draw a huge crowd, these dining packages could be the difference between seeing these performances versus missing out on them entirely. Yep, the lines for these can be hours long, and a dining package can be a lifesaver. Concert series dining packages will go live for you to book via the Disney World website, My Disney Experience app, and over the phone at the same time that other dining reservations go live at Disney World 60 days before your visit. That said, sometimes you can find day of dining packages sold at the Regal Eagle Smokehouse quick service over in the American Adventure Pavilion. These definitely aren't packages you want to gamble on cuz they can be a swing and a miss. But if you weren't able to grab dining packages before your trip and you're looking for a desperate plan B, hit up Regal Eagle right when it opens at 11:45 to inquire about potential lastminute options, but know that they will go quickly. Why wouldn't a visit to Communicor Hall and Plaza be worth it? They're free to check out. You might as well see what's going on, even if you don't linger very long. Sometimes Commutore Hall can be a little disappointing in the festival offerings department, but other times the stuff going on here is surprisingly cool. Like when we got to see the Spaceship Earth gingerbread display during Festival of the Holidays or when there was a dedicated walkthrough musical theater exhibit called Once Upon a Stage 30 years of Disney on Broadway featured during the Festival of the Arts. As far as the outdoor plaza is concerned, be on the lookout for potential musical acts or even more food booths or more sips and munchies to try. And speaking of more food booths, right outside of Communicore Hall, you can find the Festival Favorites booth, which is a snack window open year round that rotates out an assortment of fan favorite festival food and drink items. So, even if you're visiting Epcot during a time when a festival isn't happening, you can still get a taste of a festival, literally, thanks to the Communicore Hall and Plaza area. Now, scavenger hunts and snack crawls. Okay, so we talked about the scavenger hunts and snack crawls earlier, but are the investments actually worth it? When it comes to these, I think it all depends on the prize. Because to be fair, you could technically do the scavenger hunting for free, minus the $10 game board and prize, just by keeping your eyes open and pointing out the characters you find around the pavilions. Our DFB reporting team is obsessed with this year's scavenger hunt prize for Flower and Garden, though, which is a little rocking flower pot. But I still can't get over the time a couple years back when Flower and Garden scavenger hunt prize was the tiny cornhole set. You think I'm joking, but that was amazing. Before you purchase a scavenger hunt board though, double check and see what the prize is that you're going to get. Even if a festival starts out with a certain prize, those could run out, forcing Epcot to give out one of their overstock scavenger hunt prizes from like last year instead. Meanwhile, when it comes to snack crawls, nah, I'd say it really depends on what's on the crawl itself. Because if you were planning on getting some of those items on the list anyways, then why not win a prize for your taste testing adventure? But if for instance you're at food and wine where the snack crawl featured tends to be a meals fromage montage and you're not that big of a fan of cheese in the first place, then no, you probably don't want to waste stomach space on snacks that you don't really care about just to win something that's probably also cheese-based. The snack crawls can also be more worth attacking if you've got multiple people in your group who are willing to conquer it with you or if you'll be spending multiple days in Epcot during your trip since a snack crawl doesn't have to be completed on the same day. As long as you get five passport stamps before the end of the festival, you'll be able to redeem your booklet for a prize at any time. If you decide to purchase one of our DFB festival guides, we have even more festival crawls for you to tackle that go beyond just a singular snack crawl and might fit your tasting palette a whole lot better. For example, for our Flower and Garden Festival guide, we of course talk about Disney's Cardan Gray snack crawl that has you chowing down on multiple plant-based items, but we've also crafted DFB exclusive snack crawls for cheese and desserts, kid-friendly stuff, and the colors of the rainbow. Now, some of the things that you'll pack to get ready for an Epcot festival will be the same things you normally pack to get ready for any day in the parks, like refillable water bottles to stay hydrated, or umbrellas just in case it rains, or sunscreen to keep from getting burned to a crisp while you're waiting in that forever long line over at the France Pavilion's booth. But then there's festival gear that maybe is a little more unexpected and not something you typically think about before tackling a theme park. For example, balancing multiple food items from a booth can be very, very tricky, especially if your group splits up and you're manning all the items at one booth by yourself. So, consider packing a food tray or buying one for chi before you go. Also, plastic wear can run out, but you can solve that problem while also being environmentally conscientious by bringing along a reusable travel utensil set instead. Disney gift cards can be especially helpful when budgeting for souvenirs or snacks around the festivals. Plus, you can reload them if you need to at one of the park gift shops. And if you're going to flower and garden specifically, pack those allergy meds. The abundance of flowers is gorgeous, but flowers produce pollen, and pollen produces me having a sneezing fit every few steps. So, even if you don't normally have allergies, still bring the allergy meds. Now that you got the basics of the fests down, Pat, it's time to kick things up a notch and hook you up with some pro festival tips, tricks, and hacks that'll make your fest day go that much more smoothly. Pro tip here, scout out a table before getting in line for food. There should be a lineup of standing tables near the food booth that you're grabbing food from, but tables can be awfully limited, especially around the more popular booths. It's good to scout out where you're going to set your stuff down before you get in line to order something. Now, that's not saying you need to save a table because we don't want to take any spots away from people who already have their food, but you just want to make sure that you've got a plan A, B, and C in place so you don't get caught balancing multiple items on your tray and nowhere to set them besides the lid of a trash can. Also, if you see someone else struggling to find a table, make a friend. Consider offering them a section of your table if you've got a section to spare, cuz that's just the nice thing to do. Pro trick here, pose with the 3D chalk art. So, the chalk artists featured during Festival of the Arts are incredible. At some point during the fest, you should be able to find a finished 3D chalk art scene for a limited time. When you find this piece, stand on the suggested marked off section in front of it for the best pictures that'll really make the art feel like it's popping off the sidewalk and coming to life. And depending on the piece, you might also want to see if there's an interactive spot where you can actually stand within the work to really get one of the most unique immersive photo backdrops anywhere. Pro hack here. If you want to see more butterflies, go towards the second half of Flower and Garden Festival. When Flower and Garden starts up, the butterflies featured around the butterfly house are mostly still in their chrysalises or their cocoons, which means they're a little less exciting to see. But if you come here a few weeks later, the butterflies should be more active and flying all throughout the garden, stopping to land on flowers and sometimes on you, too, which feels a whole lot more magical. Now, if you want more food and wine booths, go toward the second half of the festival, too. Food and Wine has been doing this interesting thing for the past few years where they open the majority of their food booths at the start of the festival, but they don't open all of them. Instead, a few weeks later, they'll do another wave of openings to reignite interest for the Food and Wine Festival again. So, if you want a better chance of all the booths being open during your visit, it's better to attend this one later versus right at its kickoff. And check out the Glimmering Green Houses up close and in person with a VIP tour. At the start of this video, I mentioned that during the festival of the holidays, the Living with the Land ride in the land pavilion is transformed into glimmering green houses decorated with lights and ribbons and all sorts of holiday bubbles. But if you really want to explore all the festiveness around these green houses during the Holly Jolly season, Behind the Seeds Glimmering Green Houses is a VIP tour that's been offered since 2024 and has a limited time walking tour offered during the holiday season only. It gives you the chance to really oo and awe over the lights while also learning about crops that bring festive flavors to many holiday traditions. In 2025, the cost for this was $59 per person, and it took place three different times during the evening. Each one lasted for an hour. All right, which Epcot festival do you think fits your vibes the best? It's always hard to decide on a favorite. Let me know in the comments. And feel free to ask any more festival questions you might still be puzzled about. And don't forget to reach out for that free link to our 12 month Disney World calendar if you haven't already over at disneyfoodblog.com/wdwal. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real soon.
