---
video_id: MS4EtxwQgRA
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Things I Wish I Knew Before Booking My 2026 Disney World Trip"
published: 2026-01-13
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MS4EtxwQgRA
---
May I have your attention, please? 2026 in Disney World is going to look a lot different than 2025 in Disney World. So, these are the things you need to know about before you lock in tickets and hotel room reservations for your dream Disney getaway. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog. I've been going to the Disney World parks for decades for work, for fun, for backto-back rides on the People Mover and copious amounts of plastic cheese. But in those early years of traveling to my happy place, I realized that I really wish someone had warned me about stuff like how to avoid the crowds and the closures and the major changes that catch me off guard, discounts I missed out on, lightning lane issues, stuff like that. So today's video is the video I wish someone had made for me way back when to make sure you don't step into a Disney World vacation that you're actually unprepared for without even realizing it. This has tons of stuff specific to 2026, but a few good reminders thrown in as well. So when it comes to vacationing in Disney World this year, there are going to be two types of trips you could potentially take. First, those that happen before major closures. And second, the those that happen after major reopenings. So, when you go to book a trip here, you need to decide what you really want to get out of your vacation. For example, if you book a trip earlier on, I'm talking super duper soon, then you'll have one final chance to ride some of Disney's classic attractions before they close forever, or at least before they change up in a major way. Dinosaur over in Animal Kingdom will be making its final track back in time on February 1st along with the rest of Dinoand USA. After that, this entire section of the park will be closed for a good long while as Imagineers start paving the way for a brand new tropical Americas themed area called PBlo Esparonza, which will feature attractions based around Encanto and Indiana Jones. This new park section isn't slated to open until 2027. and Rock and Roller Coaster starring Aerosmith will have its final performance on March 1st, 2026 before it enters into reverb mode to take Aerosmith out and add the Muppets in. So, if you want to hear Steven Tyler shout a launch countdown at you one more time, you're going to have to squeeze in that Hollywood Studios visit like now. That being said, if you book your vacation too soon, you might miss out on some of the new things that'll be opening and reopening this year, like the Magic of Disney animation experience, which is coming to Hollywood Studios this summer. They're basically revamping all of the Star Wars launch bay animation courtyard area and making it a whole new thing. And that Muppets version of Rock and Roller Coaster is also slated to open this summer. So Hollywood Studios going to be popular in the second half of 2026. Then again, if you go to Hollywood Studios earlier, like on May 22nd and onward, you'll be able to try out those fun new missions coming to Millennium Falcon Smugglers Run in honor of the new Mandalorian and Grou movie releasing on the same day. In spring 2026, Big Thunder Mountain Railroad and Magic Kingdom will finally return to us in a big new way with updated track and effects and train cars and sets, you name it. And Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Spin also reopening in Magic Kingdom when the spring rolls around. That was fun to see a sneak peek of during the Disney Parks magical Christmas Day parade special on ABC. I can already tell you those updated blasters look way easier to handle. And Buddy the support bot is already my new BFF. He just doesn't know it yet. Speaking of the new springtime offerings, the limited time version of Saurin, Saurin Across America, is going to make its debut in Epcot by Memorial Day. Not sure yet how long this version of the ride will stick around, but my guess is that it'll at least be around for a little while after releases. While we don't have an exact date for the grand opening of the Level 99 Entertainment Experience in Disney Springs yet, it is going to open sometime in 2026. And last but not least, and there's probably more on the horizon, the Grand Fian Tea Room is finally going to be reopening after years and years and years of closures and slated to open in early 2026. Though per the release of this video, we don't have specifics for it yet. Now, we just talked about a whole lot of changes, so brace yourself for the growing pains. 2026 is going to go down in Disney World history as what I like to call Wall Disney World. Ride and restaurant reopenings aside, Disney World in general is going to be undergoing a major transitional period. And that means walls, lots and lots of construction walls. Walls around Dino Land as PBlo Espironza is underway. walls around the old Muppet's courtyard as Hollywood Studios breaks ground for Monstropolis and walls around the backside of Magic Kingdom while the Cars themed Piston Peak area and the soontobe Villains Land continue to be chiseled out. And none of these areas will be up and running in 2026 cuz they've still got a ways to go. So that grand immersive Disney World experience will still be around, but your suspension of disbelief might [music] be a little harder to pull off when you're hanging around these specific park areas. But the lack of new lands might be perfect for your family if you don't want to stress over an influx of guests bottlenecking certain areas. Or if you want to take a vacation before a price surge happens in anticipation for these new lands, or if you just don't want to deal with the headache of virtual cues potentially making their return and having to navigate that whole system all over again. In a nutshell, 2026 is definitely going to be a best of times, worst of times scenario for us at Disney World. But we want to make sure you make the most out of whenever you decide to visit. So that's why we went ahead and made some major updates to our free Disney World calendar recently, meaning now it's got more info than ever before. So, if you want a digital download of all the stuff I just discussed and lots more events and dates beyond the surface level stuff that you'll still need to know about before diving headirst into a 2026 Disney World vacay, go ahead and scan the QR code you see on the screen right now or click on the link in the description for Disneyfoodblog.com/wdwcal after this and we'll send you your DFB calendar right away. Totally free. Okay, not so fast, Lightning Lanes. I am not done talking about you guys. Okay, let's see. We talked about Rock and Roller Coaster. We talked about PBlo Espiranza. We talked about Big Thunder Mountain Railroad. We talked about Walt Disney World. Time for Lightning Lanes. If you've never ever ever used a Lightning Lane before, there's one key thing you're going to need to know about this Skip the Line service. It's constantly evolving. And honestly, it has to. With so many refurbishments and temporary closures and reopenings happening throughout 2026, you'll want to stay flexible when it comes to your Lightning Lane strategy. Consider this. Multipass Lightning Lanes let you pre-seelelect up to three Lightning Lanes before your trip. Either 7 days before your Disney World Hotel check-in day or 3 days before your park visit if you're planning on staying off property. The rest of your Lightning Lanes will be made the day of your park visit. You can hold up to three multi pass selections. all day long. So once you use one, you can immediately book another one. When you're making those pre-selections, you'll have to work with the Lightning Lane tier system. T I E, not T E A R. No tears, no crying in Disney World. Basically, when it comes to Magic Kingdom, Epcot, and Hollywood Studios, but not Animal Kingdom, you'll only be able to pre-select one Lightning Lane from tier 1, which will have the more popular attractions in it. and you'll pre-seelelect your other lightning lanes from tier 2, which are less popular attractions, but still good options in the mix. So, why am I telling you all of this now? Anytime a major attraction closes, even briefly, Disney might reshuffle the Lightning Lane tiers, and that can completely change which rides book up the fastest and which are worth prioritizing. Also, how valuable certain multi pass selections become. For example, when Big Thunder Mountain Railroad reopens this spring, it'll likely be the hottest ticket in tier one for a while. Might even knock one of the other tier one attractions down to the tier 2 category instead, which is what we saw happen to Saurin in 2025 when Test Track reopened this past summer. The lesson here, my friends, the best way to stay ahead of Lightning Lane changes is to check the refurbishment calendars pretty regularly and keep an eye on opening announcements. That being said, if you're currently looking for some Lightning Lane advice that isn't going to be impacted by any sudden ride changes that could happen in 2026, here are some reliable tips to keep in your back pocket. First, update your My Disney Experience app. Easy, right? But important. Technology can be finicky. And it can get even more finicky on the My Disney Experience app if you're trying to use an outdated version of it. So, make sure your phone has the latest version of the MDE app downloaded and ready to go if you want to secure the best Lightning Lane selections painlessly. Two, pay attention to ride locations. Getting Lightning Lane return times that are close together is superb because the earlier you can use a Lightning Lane, the sooner you can book another one. That being said, watch out when it comes to the Lightning Lane locations that you're booking backtoback return times for. For example, if you book really close Lightning Lane return times for Remy's Ratatouille Adventure in the far back of the Epcot park and then Spaceship Earth at the front of Epcot and then journey into Imagination with Figment Midway through the park, you're going to find yourself having to do a whole lot of extra walking and backtracking, which can eat up a chunk of your day without you realizing it, as well as wear you out a whole lot faster. And three, refresh. It's not a surefire way to get a better Lightning Lane return time, but when it comes to the DFB team's personal experience with this add-on, the best way we've been able to find better Lightning Lane return windows is to simply refresh the app a few times and see what other new options pop up for us cuz folks are cancelling those all the time, right? So, you will definitely get lucky if you keep refreshing and finding new ones added to the mix. One man's trash is another man's treasure. Okay, not that you need any more 2026 pros and cons to juggle since I've already given you a lot to chew on as is. But I will say that Disney World is in major incentives mode right now if you're looking for a way to tip the pro scales a little bit. I mean, they get it. They know all that construction is going to be a major put off for a lot of families out there, which is why the savings opportunities are super sweet right now. And more than likely, they're just going to keep getting sweeter as the year goes on. Savings on what, though? Well, savings on the big stuff like hotel rooms and theme park tickets and dining, too. Now, let me show you the featured deals currently on the Disney World special offers page. You can save up to 250 per night on a 4night 4-day room and ticket package for select nights now until July 25th. If you're just looking for Disney hotel discounts only, you can save up to 25% on select nights at certain hotels from now until April 30th. And there's a free Disney dining plan promotion going on all year for kids ages 3 to nine. If you purchase a vacation package, that's that hotel and ticket bundle with an adults Disney dining plan attached. The kids who are also under your vacation package reservation will receive free dining credits all trip long. Note though, be sure to read the fine print when it comes to any of these Disney promotions. Discounts can vary depending on the specifics of your trip or exclusions can apply depending on what hotel you're planning on making your home away from home because sometimes a discount can sell out in one hotel but still be available in another. I know now those are just a few of the featured discounts we're seeing right now though we expect more to release later on in the year as Disney continues to keep the incentives rolling. And if you're a US military member, you're a Disney Visa card holder, Disney Plus subscriber, an annual passholder, or a DVC member, you'll more than likely have even more discounts to be on the lookout for that'll give you more savings to consider. But if you need help trying to decide which is really going to save you the most money in the end, and the thought of crunching all those numbers is exhausting, to say the least, go ahead and reach out to our travel agent friends at Small World Vacations. They're going to do all the number crunching for you at zero cost to you. Now, look, I told you at the start of this video I was going to tell you about everything I wish someone would have told me before I started vacationing in Disney World. And this is a big one that would have saved me a ton of money and heartache early on. Small World has been and will continue to be one of my favorite Disney World savings hacks ever because their team is awesome. I've met every single one of them and they'll make all your Disney travel planning much, much easier to handle. So, I'm going to go ahead and add their link in today's video description just in case you want to reach out for a quote. Okay, moving on to tickets, my friends. Let's say you decide to stick with one of those hotel room only discounts and skip the vacation package deals. Is there a way to still save money on your theme park tickets in 2026? 1,000%. In fact, depending on the circumstances, using the hotel room only discounts and then using some solid theme park ticket savings tactics could actually save you more money than a straightup vacation package. Now, there's some more number crunching to throw at Small World Vacations. So, recently we released a video about the best ways to score Disney World's cheapest tickets, and I still highly recommend you check that video out when you get the chance to because we go way more in-depth with all those ticket savings tactics. But, how's about I go ahead and give you the Spark Notes version of that video for now, as well as a few extra things that have popped up on the scene even since we released that video like last month. Strategy number one, go during slow season. At certain times of the year when theme park demand has dipped a bit, you're going to find that ticket prices as well as hotel prices dip as well. Consistently, the very cheapest days to purchase park tickets tend to be around the back to school season from mid August and throughout September. Next, consider taking the kids when they're still little. Kids under three can visit Disney World's theme parks for free. So, if you've got a little one, visiting during their younger years could help you save quite a bit of money. And while they might not remember much from that family vacation, you will. And be mindful of what you place as your start date. This is a big, big, big deal. Again, we go super in-depth with this particular money-saving strategy in our ticket specific video that I shouted out before, but in a nutshell, Disney's theme park ticket prices vary day by day. And if you're going to be visiting the parks on multiple days during your trip, the price that you'll pay for all of them is completely based on what you choose as your start date. So, feel free to check out the whole Disney World ticket price calendar on the Disney World website and play around with what start days might actually save you a chunk of change in the end. And another kind of bonus strategy, this one I think is a good enough deal that I want to tell you about it, even if not very many people are going to actually be able to use it. So, don't wait for summer to save on water park tickets. It is hard to beat free water park tickets, but that just might not be in the cards for your family if you're planning on taking that Disney World vacation in the first half of the year. Instead, fortunately, Disney now has a way to help you save on not just one water park visit, but a bunch of them in the first half of 2026. They've brought back their water park seasonal pass, which is valid to use from now until May 9th as many times as you want to, excluding some of those peak spring break days. Water park season passes are 89 bucks for adults and 83 for kids, which is a steal considering single day tickets are like $74 per adult. So for just a few more bucks, you'll not only get to go to the water parks as many times as you want, but you'll also have additional perks like one round of mini golf and 20% off same day waterpark cabana rentals. So if you are a water park fiend, I kind of am, not going to lie, then you'll want to know about that. Now, bonus strategy number two for us is to keep checking back on the special offers, deals, and discounts page. I'm telling you, this year there are going to be some serious discounts coming out. So, keep an eye on that page so you are up to date. You can also join our newsletter, which is totally free, because we will tell you about those discounts over and over and over again. I promise. Now, there will be some Disney World restaurants in 2026 that you'll more than likely be able to book reservations for even on the day of your visit, like potentially Skipper Canteen in Magic Kingdom. Nobody loves that place as much as they should. Wolf Gang Puck Bar and Grill in Disney Springs, despite the incredible food there, and Traria or Trtoria, however you want to say it, Alo at the Boardwalk Inn, just to name a few. But then there are the hot ticket restaurant reservations that'll book up weeks before you arrive, which means you're going to want to be on top of those reservations if they're going to be a priority for you. Here's what we're predicting are going to be the top five hardest advanced dining reservations to grab in 2026 based on recent restaurant trends and recent Disney World announcements. First, Cinderella's Royal Table in Magic Kingdom. This one's probably not a huge revelation for any of you longtime Disney World fans out there. While many Disney restaurants have popularity that tends to eb and flow, Cinderella's Royal Table has stood the test of time considering it's the character dining experience inside the Cinderella Castle. So, it's in the weenie of the most popular theme park in the world. And of course, you want to eat [music] in that castle, making it one of the most coveted dining experiences on property, as well as one of the most expensive. Next, Wulu Bar and Grill at Disney's Polynesian Village Resort. So, this is a newer restaurant located in Polynesian Villages DVC Island Tower, and it's kind of a questionable one for me to add to this list, but I'm going to do it anyway because up until recently, this restaurant's been open for walk-ins only. But just this past December, the demand for this place got high enough that Disney made it to where you can book advanced dining reservations here, too. And yeah, it does deserve that love. Between those gorgeous views across the water and the Wavefinder Burger and the incredible fireworks views, you'll definitely want to hold on to the reservation for this place and never let go. Next door over at Disney's Grand Fian Resort and Spa, we've got the Garden View Lounge. Now, like I mentioned earlier, this is reopening after a 5-year closure. Yes, she has been closed since the CO 19 pandemic, my friends, and the TA room is going to be back in business. I know we're not the only folks out there who were missing this experience while it was MIA and got emails on the rag about when it might open again. So, be sure to snag those T- room reservations ASAP. Well, lots of acronyms in that sentence. Now, Beacon Barrel in Magic Kingdom. This is the new Pirates of the Caribbean themed lounge that opened in Magic Kingdom during the summer of 2025. Since its opening, it's been wildly popular with out oftowners and locals alike. So much so that Disney's placed a time limit on how long you can stay in the lounge to ensure more people get to experience this immersive pub in a single day. Maximum right now, 45 minutes. And they stick to it. They kick you out. But even with the time limit, reservations are still pretty tricky to come by. So when it comes to Beacon Barrel reservations, stay on your toes. And here's another new lounge on the list for you. GO82 is a spaceship earth themed lounge made for guests who are 21 years and older only. Space is super limited in this spot. So if you're hoping for an adults only experience, especially during the fireworks, grab these reservations fast. Okay, you don't have to twist my arm any. Let's talk about some of the other important things we got on the Disney World calendar right now, like those weird weekends that spike up crowd levels in a super unexpected way. Most of the time, it's pretty easy to guess when Disney World's going to see its highest crowds. Spring break season, Fourth of July, Christmas Vacation, New Year's Eve, and yeah, you could probably argue that weekends in general tend to have higher crowd levels than you'll see during the weekdays. But there are some weekends in particular where the crowds suddenly hit the parks in droves and make you question everything. But don't fall victim to surprise. Instead, put these 2026 weekend events on your vacation radar and keep them there. First, Run Disney weekends. If you're not familiar with Run Disney, these are separately priced mega races where thousands of people pay to run across Disney World property. While the races usually finish before the parks open, traffic patterns tend to change up due to road closures. I've had my fair share of frustrations with that for sure. Plus, there'll be significantly more people in the parks than usual celebrating a race well done. There are four Run Disney events that'll be taking place in 2026. Walt Disney World Marathon Weekend, January 7th to the 11th. Disney Princess Halfmarathon Weekend is February 26th to March 2nd. Run Disney Springtime Surprise is April 16th to the 20th. And the Disney Wine and Dine Half Marathon weekend, October 22nd to the 25th. Second set of weekends you want to think about are the Epcot Festival opening weekends. The Epcot festivals are a blast and add so much more to the entire park experience with more entertainment and food and merchandise and photo ops. you get it. [snorts] That being said, opening dates and opening weekends for the new fests can really pack out this park. So, if you want to check out a fest when things feel less scrunchy and suffocating, consider planning an Epcot visit smack dab in the middle of a festival for more manageable crowds. So far, we know that Epcot's festivals will for sure be happening on January 16th to February 23rd. That's for Festival of the Arts, which of course we call farts around here. and March 4th to June 1st for Flower and Garden. Food and Wine and Festival of the Holidays haven't yet talked about their specific dates for 2026, but Food and Wine tends to kick off at the end of August, and Festival of the Holidays usually kicks off the day after Thanksgiving. All right, three, extended holiday weekends. Big holidays tend to bring in big crowds, but little holidays that give students and workers 3 to 4 day extended weekends do the same thing, too. This includes Martin Luther King Jr. day and weekend January 19th, President's Day February 16th, Memorial Day May 25th, and Labor Day September 7th. And there's Jersey Week. Here's the one that'll really take you off guard. Each year, the New Jersey Education Association's teacher convention takes place towards the beginning of November, and because of that, New Jersey schools take an extended break. Naturally, families tend to leave the cold of the Garden State during this time and head towards the Disney scene, which is why Jersey Week in Disney World tends to garner some pretty big crowds. Now, if you already know your 2026 Disney World trip is going to fall during one of these weird weekends or even during a more predictably busy time of year, don't panic. There are plenty of ways for you to prepare for that onslaught of other guests. You just have to be proactive about it. You know us, we're in the parks all the time, and we've got all the tips for you. Number one, book your hotel room as early as you can. Hotel accommodations, especially for Disney World's more budget friendly room options or specific discounts, tend to book up fast during these peak vacation times. So, the sooner you can lock in your room, the better off you'll be. Two, use your hotel's extra hours perks. If you're staying at a Disney owned resort or at one of the select Good Neighbor hotels in the area, then you'll be able to use the early theme park entry benefit to your advantage. Early theme park entry allows resort guests to enter any of the parks on any day of the week, 30 minutes before they actually open for the rest of the public. Meaning you'll be able to get a head start on the crowds and get in line for your must do experiences right away. Or if you're more of a night owl and have saved up for a hotel room splurge, you might be able to take advantage of a second major resort benefit. Extended evening hours are available for deluxe resort guests only and allow these guests to stay in the park on select nights up to two hours after they close for everybody else. Yep, that means the rides stay open, too in case there were any you couldn't hit up during the day because of the crowd levels. But before you book that deluxe resort room, double check and make sure extended evening hours are happening when you're there. because it'd be a shame if you got a deluxe resort for a 3-day vacation, only to find out the 3 days you booked have no extended evening hours anywhere. And before you ask, yes, we do have the most recent extended evening hours dates listed on our free Disney World calendar as well. Okay, now consider the lightning lanes. You may not want to hear it, but it's the truth. If you want a surefire way to bypass major ride lines all day long, you'll want to invest in Disney's Skip the Ride Line service. It's called Lightning Lanes or Multipass. There are three types of Lightning Lane pass options to choose from. Multipass is going to give you Lightning Lane access for over 40 plus Disney World attractions. That's going to be $15 to $39 per person per day, usually on average. Single pass is going to give you lightning lane access to the most popular rides in each park, which are not included with that multiass purchase. These are going to be $10 to $25 per person per ride. Then there's the Premier Pass, which will give you all the Lightning Lanes, multipass and single pass in a single park without you having to worry about any extra Lightning Lane planning or reservations or selecting on your end. That's going to be the big bucks. $130 to $400 per person per day for one park. Lightning lanes can be an investment, but they can also save your trip, too. If you're caught in the thick of Disney's worst crowds, this is definitely something you want to consider. Now, we recently released a video talking about how to avoid the most expensive Lightning Lane mistakes leading up to your trip. So, if this is an add-on you're thinking about, I'd highly recommend you check out that video when you get the chance. Looking for tips on booking these hot ticket restaurants, then let me help you out with that. Tip number one for those very popular Disney World restaurants is to book early. Our number one tip for booking reservations is to book them ASAP. You can call to book reservations or you can book reservations through the Disney World website or the My Disney Experience app exactly 60 days before you wish to go to that restaurant. That being said, it tends to be better to book them using the ladder route going online or in the app since the advanced dining reservation phone line doesn't open till 7:00 a.m., but online and the app open at 6:00. Now, if you're staying at a Disney-owned hotel during your trip, you'll have the extra advantage of a 60-day booking window, plus the entire length of your stay, up to 10 days out. So, you could get a reservation head start that many folks staying off property wouldn't be able to use, giving you the cream of the advanced dining reservation crop. Tip number two, check all the times. So, Disney just changed the way you make reservations, and it's great. When searching for a reservation now, don't limit yourself to a specific time frame. So, don't have your heart solely set on an 11:30 a.m. lunch when everybody else is going to try to book lunch then, too. Go against the grain and have the My Disney Experience app or the website show you all the available times at the restaurant you want to book so you can see if any of them could possibly fit into your plans, even if it's a little earlier or later than you initially hope to eat. Non- [snorts] peak dining times like around 2 to 4:00 p.m. or late supper times like 8:00 p.m. and onward tend to be the last spots to completely book up at a restaurant depending on each restaurant's hours. Tip number three for those reservations, be aware of the alternatives. If you're not seeing reservations for your top priority restaurant now, that does not mean all hope is lost. Keep checking your My Disney Experience app on the day of your trip and throughout your vacation to see if any lastminute dining availability for that bucket list restaurant appears to make your dreams come true. Cuz you know what? Happens all the time. Remember, guests typically need to cancel at least 2 hours in advance to avoid being charged for their reservation if their plans happen to change. And that means you're going to see those cancellations magically pop up within that 2-hour window. That's available for you to snag them at the last second. Or you can simply head to the restaurant you're hoping to visit and ask at the host podium if there are any walkup tables available and you can cross your fingers and make a wish after that. And if you're lucky, a cast member might just be able to find you a last minute opening subject to availability. The My Disney Experience app can also show you weight list availability, though a cast member host could seem more than the app is currently finding if the cancellation happens to be hot off the presses. Tip number four, don't just cave to the hype. I'll admit it. There's definitely a high when it comes to booking a popular Disney dining reservation that otherwise is hard to lock in. But before you commit to that reservation, ask yourself this. Are you booking this restaurant or lounge because you really want to experience the menu and the atmosphere, or are you booking it cuz the rest of the internet says that you should? I'm not here to judge. I've been there, done that. But because I've been there and done that, I can tell you for the fact that in the past, I wish someone had warned me in the end if a certain popular dining experience wasn't really a good fit for me. Not necessarily because it was overhyped, but just because it didn't match my particular vibe or family's flavor preferences. It's okay. We're all different. But that's why you want to know for sure if these restaurants you're investing in are actually going to be worth it in the end. If it's going to fit you guys and not just everybody else in your book club. Now, you and me, we might have different tastes, but I can tell you the DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining over at dfbstore.com not only has the DFB team's thousand% honest thoughts and opinions about each restaurant on site, but we also consider the pros and cons from every dining and snack experience instead of presenting it through one singular viewpoint. That way, you don't have to worry about bias trying to influence your dining decisions one way or another. It's not our job to tell you if something's good or bad. It's our job to tell you what it's like so you can decide if it's right for you. So, if you're interested in learning about what to expect from every single Disney World meal, including what the price ranges look like and what discounts are available and how much you should budget depending on your dining preferences and how each Disney restaurant has changed over time and so much more. Then, make sure to check out our guide. And don't forget to add an extra discount to your order by typing in code YouTube before you check out because that's a special code that just you guys can use. For the record, the first three tips I gave you before this one came straight out of our DFB guide book chapter that solely focuses on how to book hard to get dining reservations. And yep, there's a lot more where that came from. Okay, my final point that I need to make here with you, things can and will change on a dime. Even if you do all your research and you book everything in advance and you download all the free resources and you have what seems to be an ironclad itinerary all nice and neat and ready to go, Disney will throw curveballs your way even at the last second. Listen, I've been doing this for like almost 20 years and I'm still getting caught off guard when I'm in Disney World. Sometimes those curveballs could look like early theme park closures or rides going down for maintenance reasons or a whole restaurant menu refresh that you had no idea was happening. Look at you, Animal Kingdom. It's like we're playing food musical chairs over there right now. Now, the important thing is you need to stay flexible. Build those contingency plans into your strategy and have your plan B and your plan C ready to go if need be. Or just be aware that sometimes you're going to have to wing it, and that's okay. You can also join our free DFB newsletter to get any [music] and all Disney updates as they're happening sent straight to your email, including new discounts, the 411 on ride reopenings, breaking theme park news, closures, and more. Okay, what else do you want to know about Disney World in 2026? Let us know in the comments so we can build out more videos catered to your specific trip in the future. And be sure to check out some of our other 2026 videos already out now. You can find the whole lot of them under our channel's Disney World 2026 playlist. And don't forget to download our free Disney World calendar if you haven't already. It's super useful and super pretty over at disneyfoodblog.com/wdwcal. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Foodblog and we'll see you real soon.
