---
video_id: 12PN1w5YXR8
channel: DFBGuide
title: "Answering ALL Your Questions About Disney's Hollywood Studios"
published: 2026-03-03
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12PN1w5YXR8
---
Is Hollywood Studios actually a park for all ages? Is park construction going to completely ruin my day? What am I going to prioritize eating the next time I'm in this place? Is the food really as bad as they say? We're answering all your major questions about Hollywood Studios today on DF Guide. Hey everybody, it's AJ for Disney Food Blog Hollywood Studios. We are coming for you. Y'all have been asking a lot of questions about this park lately, and for really good reason. A lot has been happening in here. So, today we're answering everything and anything we can about what's going on in Hollywood Studios to give you some muchneeded clarity and direction and most importantly, peace of mind about your trip here in 2026. So, first and foremost, do you recommend Lightning Lanes for this park? Yes, absolutely. 100%. Lightning Lanes and Hollywood Studios are worth the money. Lightning lanes are part of Disney's pay to skip the ride line service, and you can learn a whole lot more about that by downloading our free maximizing your lightning lanes guide. That's over at disneyfoodblog.com/multipass. And again, totally free, but I want to focus specifically on Lightning Lanes inside Hollywood Studios right now. So, at the time of writing, I'm currently looking at the Hollywood Studios wait times on the My Disney Experience app for what should be an average crowd level day. This is what I'm seeing around 10:30 a.m. Smuggler's Run is sitting at a 70minute wait. Tower of Terror and Rise of the Resistance are at 75. Slinky Dog Dash is a whopping 110minute wait. Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway is well down for maintenance. It does that sometimes. The trackless technology is really sensitive. And a lot of Hollywood Studios attractions are A tier options. So unlike Epcot, where many of the Lightning Lanes available are for rides you rarely ever need a Lightning Lane for, Studios Lightning Lane options are backto back bangers. Here's a quick ride schedule of the day example. If you're not planning to use Lightning Lanes for early entry, head straight to either Slinky Dog Dash or Rise of the Resistance first thing since both of these rides are going to rack up really long cues the rest of the day. Afterwards, while opening crowds are still coming in, you can knock out the rest of Toy Story Land by getting on Toy Story Mania first and then Alien Swirling Saucers right after that. For rides like Millennium Falcon Smugglers Run, Rock and Roller Coaster, and Rise of the Resistance if you didn't already rope drop that one. Keep an eye on those wait times via the My Disney Experience app, but also put that single rider line possibility in your back pocket since all three of these rides do sometimes have the single rider option available, and that could help cut down your weight big time. Star Tours tends to have pretty manageable wait times all day long. So, you might want to hop in line for this one when other ride lines are starting to look too intimidating. Usually, both Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway and Tower of Terror have a steady 30 to 40 minute wait. Hop in line whenever you're ready, but if you're seeing the wait times hover around the 50inute marker or higher, maybe hold off on getting in those cues for now. And then of course when Fantasmic's getting ready to begin, this is your chance to hop into those ride cues for attractions that maybe you didn't get the chance to ride earlier since their wait times were way too long for your liking before. So does that mean my day is ruined if I don't buy Lightning Lanes? Right. Sorry, didn't mean to scare you there. No, your day isn't going to be ruined if you don't want to shell out for Lightning Lanes in Hollywood Studios. I've been to this park lots of times with no Lightning Lanes and I've still had a great time. though that might be the carrot cake cookie from trolley car cafe talking. I don't know. Anyway, that being said, if you don't invest in Lightning Lanes and you still want to make a lot of these rides top priority, you definitely have to plan accordingly. Use your early theme park entry if you've got it to use as a Disney hotel guest, which will give you a 30inut head start to your day. Consider skipping the first showing of Fantasmic to squeeze in another ride while the crowds are filing into that show. Keep an eye on weight times via your My Disney Experience app and check to see when the app is predicting the weight times will drop down for certain rides. And just set expectations all around. Sure, you can get a lot of these rides done without Lightning Lanes helping you out, but you also might have to sacrifice some of Hollywood Studios other experiences in the process, like some of the liveaction shows or maybe an immersive sit-down meal if that was something you were considering, too. Definitely build in some compromises. Okay, I love this question. So, whoever asked this, thank you. First of all, Disney scary is scary. All right, like if you didn't have a nightmare about Constant's Hatchway from Haunted Mansion at least once as a kid, then your brain is a built differently than mine. But regardless, I get where this question's coming from. No, Tower of Terror isn't as scary as like Halloween Horror Nights at Universal Studios Florida. It's not even as scary as the mummy coaster over there, which I had to close my eyes for the whole way through and my script writer, Bria, had to explain what was happening because she was sitting next to me. But I will go out on a limb here and say that Tower of Terror is probably one of the scarier rides in Disney World. I mean, think about it. You're in a haunted hotel, which was the scene of a horrendous tragedy on, according to Imagineering Lore, Halloween night back in 1939. And the people who were victims of the tragedy are basically stuck there as ghosts who are beckoning for you to join them. So, for some reason, you do. You get on the service elevator, you go up, and then your entire elevator cab literally just lifts out of the shaft, transports into this trippy Twilight Zone space, and then you travel to another shaft that strikes you with lightning and sends you on a drop tower journey that's randomized. So, you never know if you're going to be shooting up the shaft first or dropping down, and how many times. So yeah, there's a reason why kids get off this ride in tears sometimes. It's a little scary. Now, if your kiddo's a little thrillseker, they're probably still going to love this one. And parents don't have to worry about their kids being exposed to anything too psychedamaging. There's no blood, no swearing, no gore, no intense jump scares. Just a good old-fashioned ghost story, plus some faster than the speed of gravity drops. But if your kid tends to get nervous about the thought of riding Haunted Mansion and being surrounded by a bunch of ghosts, Tower of Terror might be a little too dark for them right now. But again, like we say, if you're ever wondering if something's too scary, watch a ride through video on YouTube, see what it actually looks and feels like, and then make a choice. Now, speaking of scary, will my toddler still have fun here despite the thrill rides? Okay, Hollywood Studios has a lot more thrillbased rides than other parks, right? Tower of Terror, Rock and Roller Coaster, Rise of the Resistance, Millennium Falcon Smugglers Run, especially when you get put in the pilot seat and everyone starts yelling at you. And I'm not saying these rides are like the most intense theme park attractions you're going to experience. They're just a little more intense than Living with the Land in Epcot or Peter Pan's Flight in Magic Kingdom. You get the idea. So, will your little one like Hollywood Studios? I mean, sure, this is a Disney park after all. You still see characters. You'll see shows. There are a couple of all rider attractions they can check out, like Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway and Toy Story Mania. And whenever the new Walt Disney Studios section finishes up later this summer, there'll be even more for toddlers to do here, like meet and greet with more characters, explore the Drawn to Wonderland playground, and party along to a brand new Disney Junior play and dance show. But when it comes to Hollywood Studios rides, more often than not, there is a height requirement that your kiddo will have to measure up to before they're allowed to ride. So double check height requirements before you go so that your kid doesn't get all hyped up for a ride. They're not able to ride just yet. Bottom line, if you have to axe one of the parks when you have a one or more toddlers in your group, Hollywood Studios is probably the one to ask because there's fewer things they're going to be able to do and experience here than in the other parks. That said, there's still plenty. So, if the grown-ups in your group really really want to go to Hollywood Studios, then go ahead, use Rider Switch. And also, maybe wait until that Walt Disney Studios part opens so that there's even more for the toddlers to do. Now, I wouldn't say Hollywood Studios Faceelift is going to flat out ruin your park day right now, but depending on when you go, not going to lie to you, it could dampen it. Right now, we're entering into a season where Muppet's Courtyard is closed to make way for the future home of Monstropolis. The Animation Courtyard is closed to make way for that new Walt Disney Studios area I was just hyping up, and Rock and Roller Coaster just closed so that it can start getting its Muppets makeover, which is also set to debut later this summer. So, we're now in this weird time period that feels a lot like the days after Christmas and right before New Year's. We said goodbye to some of our old favorites, but we're still waiting for the shiny new ones to show up. Fortunately, Hollywood Studios still has plenty to fill your day. Even if you're visiting the park when all this construction is happening, so you don't have to worry about getting bored. Between Galaxy's Edge and Toy Story Land and Fantasmic and all these live stage shows, you can still get your money's worth out of a theme park ticket here. But definitely brace yourself for the goaway green walls ahead of time so they don't bum you out when you arrive. Another thing you want to brace yourself for, longer ride lines. Since there'll be fewer offerings inside this park for a little while, there'll be fewer rides to absorb the excess crowds. And that means even rides like Star Tours might have days where the weights are higher than what we're used to. So yeah, Lightning Lanes look awfully nice right about now. If you want to look at the latest Disney World updates for attraction openings, enclosures, special events, and even when the rare Disney World holidays will be happening this year, then be sure to scan the QR code you see on the screen right now. or click on the for Disneyfoodblog.com/wdwc calendar and we'll send you the link to our free Disney World 12-month calendar with all that stuff listed, all the information you need to know that's coming up in Disney World and could affect kind of when you go and what you decide to do when you get there. You can spend a good chunk of time just exploring Galaxy's Edge alone. You've got two rides, various places to eat and drink and snack, interactive elements that can be triggered using your Magic Band Plus or free Play Disney Parks app, character interactions, lots of shops, including some specialty ones where you can make reservations ahead of time if you want custom souvenirs like Savvi's Workshop or Droid Depot. But as a casual explorer who's not looking to sit at OG's Cantina for a while or book a custom lightsaber building experience, you'll more than likely be able to see the bulk of what this land has to offer in an hour or two. Of course, this doesn't count ride weight times or even rerides. So, how much time you spend here definitely varies by group. But if you're debating whether or not to buy another theme park ticket just so you can spend one day fully exploring Galaxy's Edge and another day fully exploring the rest of Hollywood Studios, that's probably not going to be necessary unless you have to ride every single ride in the park and you're going during a relatively busy time. Getting to Hollywood Studios, super easy. If you're staying at one of the Skyliner resorts or you're park hopping from Epcot, you'll have those Sky Gondilas at your disposal. If you're traveling from the Epcot area resorts as well as the partnering Swan and Dolphin hotels, you can take Friendship Boats to Hollywood Studios or of course again the Skylliner. You can even walk to Hollywood Studios from the Epcot area resorts, though you'll definitely log in more steps to get over to Hollywood Studios than you would to get to Epcot. And of course, you've also got Disney's bus transportation you can rely on, which will take you to and from Hollywood Studios if you're traveling from a Disney hotel or another park like Magic Kingdom or Animal Kingdom. But even if you drive yourself or you take a ride share over to Hollywood Studios instead, the parking and drop off situation is way more straightforward than what you'll encounter at Magic Kingdom since you won't have the transportation and ticket center chaos to navigate around. Instead, you'll park and walk right up or take the tram over to security. Easy peasy. Okay. Love answering these questions. In case you're not familiar with it, you probably are, but just to cover my bases here, the Disney dining plan allows you to prepay for your meals around Disney World before your trip begins. And a lot of folks who watch our videos want to know how to get the biggest bang for their buck when they pay for it. There are two versions of this add-on. There's the cheaper quick service version that'll give you two quick service meal credits per day. Then there's the standard version that'll give you one quick service credit, which by the way is fast, like a fast food restaurant, and one table service credit per day. You'll also get a daily snack credit plus a refillable resort mug for each person in your group. Now, when it comes to Disney dining plan credits, you can spend them however and whenever you want to, as long as the snack or meal or drink is Disney dining plan eligible, which most things will be. But the best way to spend your allotted credits is to track down the snacks and entre that normally cost you a whole lot more if you paid for them out of pocket. So, here's what those snacks and meals would be in Hollywood Studios. First up, snack credits. Over at Epic Eats, you can get classic powdered sugar deep fried funnel cakes, but the best funnel cakes to spend your snack credits on will be the loaded kind, featuring various fruits and syrups, maybe some crushed cookies and ice cream on top. These usually cost $9 out of pocket. Then there's the ever controversial blue and green milk that you can pick up over at the milk stand in Galaxy's Edge. Some people love this stuff, some people hated it for a sip. But if you want to try it for yourself to get your own opinion, a DDP snack credit could help you out there, especially when they usually cost just under $10, which is a lot of money for what you get. I don't like it. Anyway, when it comes to spending quick service credits, that's fast food again at Hollywood Studios. Docking Bay 7 over in Galaxy's Edge is a quick service with entre that tend to cost more than your typical theme park fast food entre. probably because they're from space. So, your quick service credits are definitely going to be well spent here. But a solid second place contender in the quicks service department is ABC Commissary right on Commissary Lane since this restaurant has substantial internationally inspired eats that come with filling sides. And for those who are 21 and over, the watermelon margarita here is pretty great and it's included in your Disney dining plan. Finally, let's talk table service. That's sitdown restaurants. You can stretch your DDP dollars easily by booking restaurants with all you care to enjoy dining since those tend to naturally cost more than the table services with more alle cart approaches. This includes the family style roundup rodeo barbecue in Toy Story Land as well as the character buffet Hollywood and Vine over in Echo Lake. But get this, Hollywood Studios is actually one of the best places to use a table service dining credit because those dining credits can also hook you up with a meal and VIP seats for Fantasmic, which is the nighttime spectacular here. While dining packages usually cost about $57 to $83 per adult, you're more than welcome to use dining credits instead of paying out of pocket. If you've already purchased the standard Disney dining plan for your trip, that's what you're going to need to go ahead and do this little trick. All Fantasmic dining packages cost one table service credit per person, except for at Hollywood Brown Derby, which does cost two since it's a signature restaurant. But listen, that dinner is going to cost you the same credit whether you get the dining package or not. So getting a VIP seat at Fantasmic is basically free. Fantasmic. Okay, I get it. Of course, the fantasmic nighttime show is probably already on your must do list. But you're probably wondering more about the liveaction shows that run continuously throughout the day, right? And which ones are more worthwhile? Well, cheap shot answer incoming. It really all depends on what you prefer. You want to see villains, stunt shows, princesses, or princesses but underwater. If you're more of a person who likes to see a whole story played out, we're talking rising action, that character arc, conflict, conclusion, and the princess shows like Beauty and the Beast Live on Stage and The Little Mermaid and Musical Adventure are probably shows you'll enjoy more than the others. While the stories are highly abbreviated, so you won't see the whole 90minute film play out in real time, you'll get the gist with the highlights being featured on stage. When it comes to Disney villains unfairly ever after, you're not going to be getting the full Disney stories surrounding these characters, but this is a fun little twist where some of the fan favorite bad guys like Captain Hook, Maleficent, Kruella, get to plead their case on why they've been framed in their movies, so to speak. The interesting twist for this show is that the audience gets to vote on which story is the most believable, meaning you might get a different ending each time you watch. Then there's Indiana Jones Epic Stunt Spectacular, which is less about conflict and more about showing you acrobatic performances as well as how certain action shots might be filmed for movies. So, if you're more into that behind-the-scenes sort of stuff, Indian Friends might be the best choice for your group. Okay. Actually, this question is pretty easy for me to answer, though some folks on the DFB team might have a little harder time choosing their favorites. There are four different lounges that you can potentially try during your Hollywood Studios day. Tune-in Lounge is over in Echo Lake by 50s Prime Time Cafe. Og's Cantina is in Galaxy's Edge. Baseline Tap House is off Grand Avenue and Hollywood Brown Derby Lounge is on Hollywood Boulevard. In fourth place, I'm actually going to put TuneIn Lounge, which I shouldn't. I know it's a wonderful, wonderful. All these are great places, but I have something has to come in last, right? So, this retrostyle lounge is a great choice if you're looking for an alternative walk up option for the attached 50s prime time cafe, but this place is really small and there's just going to be people all over the place waiting for their tables, so it ends up not really being all that enjoyable to sort of sit there and have a drink and a meal. Plus, you currently can't get any food or bites at TuneIn like you used to be able to do way back when. So maybe that changes here and there, but right now we haven't been able to get any food. So TuneIn, although I love it, is at the bottom of the list right now just for practical reasons. Now, in third place, I'm going to choose Baseline Tap House, pretty much out of spite. I'm going to acknowledge that a lot of the DFB team loves Baseline for its craft beers and custom beer flights and affordable cheese boards and giant soft pretzels, but again, I'm more turned off by how crowded this place can get in the afternoon and evening, as well as how limited the indoor seating is. Not to mention, it replaced my favorite little theme park bookstore and cafe, Writer Stop, back in 2016, which means my Disney Adults book never got a chance to hang out on a shelf here. So, yeah, call me bitter. In second place, I'm going to put Ogus Cantina. This Spaceport bar is a mixed bag of good and meth. Out of all the lounges in Hollywood Studios, this one's definitely the most themed. You've got a droid DJ, an interesting assortment of other worldly cocktails, both alcoholic and non, so everyone can enjoy. You got bartenders that are so wrapped up in this world that you're bound to learn new things about Betu, that you wouldn't have learned otherwise. But there is a strict 45minut time limit for this bar. Plus, once more with feeling, things are cramped in here, and you're not necessarily guaranteed a seat. Like, a lot of people that come in here have to stand and stand at a group table with a bunch of other weirdos they don't know. That's not my jam. So, more often than not, you're going to have to stand to enjoy your beverages and munchies, and you might be pushed up next to some rando. Also remember that OGA does require advanced dining reservations here in Disney World, though you might be able to snag a last minute walk up spot on the day of your visit, too. I just wouldn't gamble on that if this is a high priority experience for you. And in first place, the choice is easy for me. I adore Hollywood Brown Derby Lounge. This is attached to the main signature restaurant right outside the double doors on the side patio. And the best part about this lounge is you can still order anything from the main Hollywood Brown Derby menu. While the lounge doesn't have a large capacity, the common theme with all these lounges, the sooner you can put your name on that walk up weight list via the My Disney Experience app or in person over at the host stand, the better your chances of getting a table. And yes, you get an actual table with a chair later on in the day. So, this is Hollywood after all, so of course you've got a lot of movie stars to meet here. Let me give you the lowdown. Off Commisser Lane, Olaf gives warm hugs at Celebrity Spotlight. Mickey and Minnie swing by the park over at Red Carpet Dreams. Minnie's going to be sporting a beautiful gala worthy dress like she's going to the Oscars and Mickey's like, "Forget the Oscars. I want to be a sorcerer." Which we are totally cool with. If you're lucky, sometimes Powerline Max or even just regular old Max will make an appearance with his pop Goofy around Grand Avenue. But I've also seen this dynamic duo hanging out on the balcony of Tower of Terror for some reason. Whatever. It's their thing. They're goofs. Various characters roam around Hollywood Boulevard, typically near Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway, and character encounters vary here, but this might be your opportunity to see Mary Poppins and Friends or Jiminy Cricut and Pinocchio. Love meeting Pixar pals? Well, head on over to Pixar Plaza right outside Toy Story Land. You can meet a variety of characters from films like Inside Out, Monsters, Inc., and The Incredibles. While The Little Mermaid, a musical adventure, is based off of the original Little Mermaid animated film, you can meet the liveaction Ariel inside the Walt Disney Presents building. Though sometimes she might be off gallivanting near 50s Prime Time Cafe instead. You just don't know cuz sometimes they'll move a different character into the Walt Disney Presents building for a limited time. Lots of familiar Star Wars characters roam Galaxy's Edge. So, keep your eyes peeled, you for the First Order Stormtroopers and Ray and Kylo Ren and Chewbacca and Mando and Grou and a whole lot of others, too. Bria knows I hate when she says keep your eyes peeled because it sounds gross. Anyway, and you'll see roaming characters throughout Toy Story Land, too, which could possibly include Woody and Buzz, Jesse, B Peep, and the Green Army men. And don't forget, whenever the Walt Disney Studios area opens up this summer, you'll be able to meet even more characters over at the new Magic of Disney Animation building, featuring off the page friends like Mulan, Rapunzel, and more. So, Fantasmic works differently than the other nighttime shows that you're going to find over at Magic Kingdom and Epcot. Not only is this show likely to happen more than once per night, depending on when you visit, but you'll also have bleacher seating, so you don't have to stake out a spot and stand for the whole thing. When it comes to bleacher seating, of course, your best bet is to find open seats toward the center of things. But many of those center seats will be blocked off for those who purchased that fantasmic dining package we were talking about. Just something to be aware of and work around if you haven't purchased one of those. But here's the good news. Even if you're not able to find a bleacher seat smack dab in the middle of things, the bleachers are tiered, so you don't have to worry about sitting somewhere and your view being completely blocked by the person in front of you. Even the wings of the bleachers provide fairly clear views of the show. Just keep in mind that the far left and right wings might throw off how you see those floating character platforms toward the end of the performance. As in, you'll see them as they pass by, but you're not going to see them as well as when they're highlighted and doing their dances in the spotlight. If you see that there are still center seats available towards the front of the stage, just beware. There's a reason for that. Fantasmic uses water effects all throughout the show. And those water effects are very cool, but there is a bit of a splash zone here. So, if you're sitting in those first few rows, just be aware. Okay, this is a dangerous question for me to be answering before dinner, but I will answer it anyways. Now, this might change up a little bit from maybe what I would have said on previous videos, just because there's been a lot of changes in Hollywood Studios food lately, but that's okay. We're up for a challenge. If I'm spending the day in Hollywood Studios, not for work, but just cuz I love it there, then you're more than likely going to find me starting my day in the back of the park getting a Ronto morning rap from Ronto Roers and Galaxy's Edge. I also wouldn't be angry to come back here later on to get a traditional Ronto wrap for lunch. I could probably ronto my way through the my entire Hollywood Studios day, but breakfast is definitely my favorite Ronto wrap. Now, if I was in the mood for something sweeter to start off my morning, I might grab a platter of the small Mickey waffles from Fairfax Fair instead, since this is the only place to get Mickey waffles in Hollywood Studios, unless you book a full character breakfast buffet at Hollywood and Vine, and I'm not going to do that. It's too high energy over there for me to handle in the morning. 50s Prime Time Cafe in Echo Lake. Comfort foods, PB&amp;J milkshakes, retro black and white TVs at certain tables, and servers telling my kid to finish his veggies so I don't have to. Yeah, this place is a lot of fun, especially if you're willing to play along with the server's antics. I'll probably head over to Fairfax Fair off Sunset Boulevard to pick up the Buffalo Chicken waffle bowl because where else am I going to be able to get a crispy, sweet waffle bowl filled with fluffy, buttery mashed potatoes and buffalo chicken allin one meal? Nowhere else in Disney World. So, got to get my fix here. Or if I'm looking for something a little lighter, I might just go with the kids grilled cheese inside a tomato soup over at Woody's Lunchbox instead. Maybe I'll get the waffle bowl and the grilled cheese. I am on vacation after all, and if someone's willing to share with me, then I can have more stomach space for them both. But if I truly only have one snack option to choose during my Hollywood Studios day, I'm getting my beloved carrot cake cookie from Trolley Car Cafe off Hollywood Boulevard every single time. And honestly, I do get this every single time. No further questions. Finally, for dinner, I've saved some of my absolute favorite dining spots for last. I'm looking to get a little fancy with my evening meal. So, you can catch me over at Hollywood Brown Derby chowing down at one of the few places where I'll willingly order a Cobb salad. Not really. I I won't order it. I'm not a salad person. But here, I will definitely order I don't know, just about every appetizer on the menu. But for something a whole lot faster and a whole lot less fancy, you will definitely find me at Backlot Express over in Echol Lake with a classic chicken tender basket and probably the Wookie cookie on the side for dessert. This is one of those ones that's a little different because they've gotten rid of the giant plastic cheese cups that used to be served here. So, I'm very, very upset about this. I will absolutely use barbecue sauce if I need to, but I'm just waiting for Disney to reverse their decision on that plastic cheese. Okay, so you're on the hunt for Easter eggs and hidden gems. Let me see what I got in my Hollywood Studios secrets inventory. Fun fact number one, Tower of Terror is absolutely riddled with Easter eggs, but the largest amount of hidden Twilight Zone references can be found in the library portion of the queue. So, take a look at those bookshelves. You're going to find numerous props from the series, including the cracked glasses from the episode Time and Up to Last, the book to serve man from the episode of the same name, a miniature space suit from The Invaders, and the fortunetelling machine from Nick of Time. And there's so many more, I promise. Fun fact number two, Roundup Rodeo Barbecue doesn't just have hidden Mickeys for you to find. It also has hidden tacos. Now, it might seem random at first considering this place serves barbecue, not even tacos, but Round Up Rodeo Barbecue was referred to as Project Tacos while in development. Tacos is an anagram for Ascot, and Ascot is a direct reference to Barbie and Ken from the third film. I know we're going down a really, really deep rabbit hole here, but that's okay. Fun fact number three. There's a trash monster who lives in Galaxy's Edge. Go to the water fountain at the entrance of the Batu Marketplace, right next to the restrooms, and you might notice a slimy oneeyed creature hiding in the piping, ready to pop out and stare back at you. This suspicious creature is known as a dionogga, aka the trash compactor monster from Star Wars. Dionoggas are monstrous mollisks used for waste management in the Star Wars galaxy. And if you're familiar with the Star Wars films, then you probably are already aware of this since the one that was kept on the Death Star almost killed Luke and company during A New Hope. Pesky creatures. Now, sometimes the dionogga in Hollywood Studios goes MIA cuz it stops working, but then eventually it'll come back. We hope. Okay, what do you say? Do you feel confident about your next Hollywood Studios visit yet? If you still need some help answering some lingering questions that you just can't shake, or if all of these answers have just brought up more questions, then be sure to drop them in the comments and check out one of our other Hollywood Studios videos next, like our ultimate guide to Hollywood Studios 2026. Maybe some of them are answered in there, but we're going to keep track of all of your questions and hopefully get them answered in new videos. Oh, and don't forget, we got a free Disney World calendar we would love to send your way over at disneyfoodblog.com/wdwcalendar. Thanks for listening everyone and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Blog and we'll see you real soon.
