---
video_id: fAlrErwc6Ic
channel: DFBGuide
title: "50 Magic Kingdom Secrets Only the Pros Know"
published: 2026-03-19
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fAlrErwc6Ic
---
Maybe you love the Magic Kingdom already in Disney World, but want to kick things up a notch. These are the park secrets that only the pros know about, which means soon enough you're going to be a pro, too. Hey everybody, it's EJ for Disney Food. Magic Kingdom's got a lot going on. World class rides, goosebump worthy shows, cheeseburger spring rolls, but today we're showing you the things about Magic Kingdom that might not always be so center stage. We're talking the imagineering details, the Easter eggs, and the underrated offerings you need to know about to enhance your next visit that much more. There are plenty of secrets lurking within the new beak and barrel chambers around Adventure Land. You just have to lift up your piratey eye patches to see them. For example, if you get seated at the captain's booths, check out all the details built right into the benches themselves. The end caps on the booths each have unique artwork since every booth is representative of a different pirate ideal. Adventure, freedom, fortune, and unity. And if you're wondering how often the interactive parts of the pub come to life, it's about 7 to 8 minutes between bits. So during your allotted 45 minutes within the pub, you're guaranteed to see at least a few different immersive scenes like Rummy the Parrot making an appearance over the bar, two ships in a bottle battling it out, or light shows that could indicate a siren invasion. Gaston's Tavern inside Fantasy Land is more than just warm cinnamon rolls and gray stuffed cupcakes, though I know that's hard to imagine. Next time you're here picking up a snack, check out the ever so subtle details that make up the decor and make you roll your eyes, too. For instance, this place is very Gaston. There's antlers making up the chandeliers because, as the song goes, he uses antlers in all of his decorating. There's Gaston's giant chair, identical to the one you can see in the animated film. That's great for photo ops. Then there's a leftover darts game between Gaston and Lefu, where a winner has obviously been determined. Poor Lefu. By the way, if you need help organizing your upcoming Magic Kingdom Day from the big stuff to the smallest of details, go ahead and scan the QR code you see on the screen or click on the link for Disneyfoodblog.com/discoplans and we'll send you our free Disney World planning worksheets right after this. They've got packing lists, all kinds of great stuff. Under the Sea, Journey of the Little Mermaid opened in New Fantasy Land in late 2012. But before Ariel ever flipped her fins this direction, the same spot used to house the 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea Submarine Voyage attraction. As it turns out, these two rides share more than just the under the sea part of their names. They also share some of the same water. When 20,000 Leagues closed in 1994, Imagineers bottled up some of the water from the attraction and saved it. Then on Journey of the Little Mermaid's opening day, they poured the bottled water into the new attraction as a nice little nod to its predecessor. Now, of course, you won't be able to see that exact water unless you've got a 20,000 Leagues under the sea water spotting superpower or something, but you can still spot a few other 20,000 leagues hidden details around the attraction, like the Nautilus submarine shape carved into the q-ine rocks. You can find this secret across from the small lagoon right before you enter the grotto. Now, hold up, Journey of the Little Mermaid. We are not done with your cove of secrets just yet. If you visit Disney World on November 18th, which just so happens to be Mickey and Minnie's birthday, you might be able to spot a super special hidden Mickey and Minnie inside the Journey of the Little Mermaid Q. As long as it's noon and the sun is shining and I don't know, Mercury's in retrograde or something. Just kidding on that last part. That probably doesn't matter. probably you can find this oddly shaped hole past the outdoor portion of the line and underneath the que's rocky ceiling. And if you just so happen to be in Magic Kingdom on November 18th, cast members will have the area of the queue blocked off for folks who want to see that hidden Mickey magic, which literally only appears for one or two minutes on one day a year. How much do you really know about Magic Kingdom's iconic Cinderella Castle, beyond the fact that it's back to its beautiful gray and blue color scheme? One of the secrets housed inside Cinderella Castle will only ever be seen by those invited into the ultra exclusive castle suite. Inside this suite, there's an ornate grandfather clock that doesn't actually work. I know, but there's a reason for its brokenness. The clock is permanently stuck at 11:59 p.m. So that unlike Cinderella's magic, which fades once the clock strikes midnight, your magic experienced inside the park never has to end. Now, another quick Cindy secret. Did you know that there are three elevators in the castle? The first one's used by guests traveling between the lobby of Cinderella's Royal Table and up to the dining room on the second floor. The second elevator is for cast members located in tower 2 which travels between the utils, the mezzanine level of the break room and the second floor kitchen. The third elevator is located in tower 20 servicing the utiladors, the kitchen of Cinderella's royal table, the breezeway and the Cinderella castle suite. And you thought Dumbo the flying elephant was cool? Just wait until you hear about Magic Kingdom's flying trash. Okay, that looked better on the script than it sounded out loud. Magic Kingdom uses what's known as an AVAC system, which stands for automated vacuumass assisted collection system. This was imported from Sweden and allows for trash to travel through a large series of tubes located underneath the park. When the trash moves through the tubes, it can be processed at speeds of up to 35 mph, which is faster than Space Mountain. One of the best parts about Magic Kingdom's Festival of Fantasy Parade is the giant steampunk Maleficent dragon who blows real fire along the route, right? However, Maleficent doesn't always release those flames. She only does it in specific locations. Maleficent starts breathing fire around where POS Bill Talltale Inn and Cafe is inside Frontier Land, but then she stops when she arrives in Liberty Square since there's a lot of trees in that area and Disney really doesn't want to catch anything on fire. She'll start showing off her fire breathing skills again after she crosses the bridge leading to Cinderella Castle. So, if seeing Maleficent doing her thing is on your priority list, make a note of where she's actually going to release those flames instead of getting your hopes up and getting disappointed. Before Haunted Mansion was going to be the Haunted Mansion, Walt was planning on making it a museum of weird walkthrough. This would have featured bizarre additions like voodoo artifacts, coffin clocks, talking chairs, man-eating plants, and more. One of the artifacts that was meant to go inside the original attraction now rests in the attic scene of Haunted Mansion, and that's the eerie, drippy, melty Candleman. But get this, Candleman has a cousin hanging out inside the Momento Mory gift shop, too. At first glance, you might miss it, but if you look closely, you can make out the form of a melted looking creature as he holds up the two candlesticks a top one of the Momento my shelves. Bonus fact, the Imagineer who created Candleman, Raleigh Crump, has a tribute bust you can find inside the Haunted Mansion parlors on board the Disney Treasure and Disney Destiny cruise ships. But the really cool part about this tribute bust is that it's made to look melted, just like Candleman himself. On several occasions, animatronics that were used for an attraction of the past are reused or recycled into other newer attractions, like Seven Dwarfs Mine Train, for example. Several of the dwarfs in the final scene of the ride, specifically Doc, Happy, Sleepy, Grumpy, and Bashful, are animatronics that used to appear in Snow White Scary Adventures before it was replaced by Princess Fairy Tale Hall as part of the new Fantasy Land overhaul from 2012. The animatronics may have been updated since then, but they're still the same friends at heart, or at Circuit Board. It truly is a small world after all. No, not small, tiny. Near Cinderella's Wishing Well, you can find the Tiny World magic shot photo pass. This 360 degree photo puts you smack dab in the middle of Magic Kingdom and on top of the world. It's kind of goofy looking, but it's also really cool. Big Thunder Mountain is getting a glow up by early May 2026. Expect this coaster to reopen with new trains, new track, new effects, and an all new story. But what's this new lore all about? The story centers around Barnabas T. Bullion, who struck gold in the Big Thunder region during the early days of America's first gold rush, giving him the chance to found the Big Thunder Mountain Company. His ambitions, however, were no match for the mountain itself. Machines broke down, mines caved in, and no matter how relentlessly the miners dug, the forces of Big Thunder always fought back. So, when you board Big Thunder Mountain, if it's open by the time you visit, expect a world that's deep and menacing and pretty thrilling. Disney uses forced perspective to make Cinderella Castle look taller than it actually is, which is the same case for most of the buildings lining Main Street, USA. The only exception to this is the Town Square Theater, which is actually three stories tall, just as it appears. Why did Imagineers do this? Because if they didn't, then you'd be able to see Disney's Contemporary Resort from where you're standing. The ultimate camouflage. The complimentary lockers that you're going to use before you board Tron Light Cycle Run in Tomorrowland are pretty straightforward for the most part, but they are the only lockers that you're going to have to use in a Magic Kingdom ride. So, let's talk about them real quick because you do need to make sure you remember your locker number. The complimentary lockers are two-sided, meaning if you drop off your stuff toward the very back of the locker lineup, you'll be picking it up more towards the front of the locker lineup when you get off the ride. Now, if you accidentally forget to look at your locker number, don't worry. Your stuff won't be eaten by the grid. There are screens around the locker area where you can scan your ticket or your Magic Band or your borrowed locker card from a cast member to help jog your memory. Bored of classic cold brews? Here's where to find the crafty cold brews in Magic Kingdom. First, there's the honey lavender cold brew over at Golden Oak Outpost, which is made with Joffrey's cold brew coffee, honey lavender cold foam, honeycomb toffee, and a sugar candy piece that looks like a little bumblebee. Then there's the white rabbit over at Cheshure Cafe made with Joffrey's cold brew coffee, white chocolate sauce, raspberry cold foam, and topped with raspberry powder, plus a chocolate piece that seems to be late for a very important date. Finally, while this one's not as aesthetically adorable as the other two, the salted caramel cold brew float made with Joffrey's cold brew and salted caramel soft serve from Anti-gravity's Galactic Goodies is so good that even I order it as a non- coffee drinker. So, you know that's saying something. The first time I ever saw one of Tomorrowland's metal palm trees, I was like, "Ah, cool. Palm trees from the future." And that was that. But Imagineers have these shiny palms doing much bigger and better things. According to the backstory, these plants are known as power palms, designed to suck up solar energy and store it away in those metal coconuts. Periodically, these trees are harvested for their energy. See the palms with the folded leaves? Harvested. The ones that remain open are ripe and ready, loaded with solar power. So, this isn't really the case. Disney has solar energy fields, sure, but no actual coconut-shaped ones. This is just another fun imagineering detail that helps make the different Magic Kingdom lands more immersive. Though Mr. Toad's Wild Ride hasn't been part of Fantasy Land since The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh replaced it in 1999. Yes, I remember it well. Mr. Toad remains in the show building to this day. As you're riding your honeypot through Owl's rickety treehouse, make sure to check out those crooked pictures on the walls. One of the rectangular frames holds a picture of Owl with his wing around a smiling Mr. Toad. And what's that Mr. Toad's holding in his hand? It's the deed to the ride building. How uncharacteristically kind of him. But I guess Owl brings out the best in all of us. Magic Kingdom Swiss Family Treehouse isn't an attraction you hear much about. But if you're willing to log in the extra steps on top of the tens of thousands of steps you're already taking in Magic Kingdom, you'll be able to scale a rather grandiose tree and view the Magic Kingdom from a whole new perspective. But what kind of tree is stabilizing this little house? The towering foliage goes by the name of Disney Adendren Eximus, which according to the D23 website stands for out of the ordinary Disney tree. This tree is completely man-made with a design inspired by its predecessor tree, the Disney Odendin Seer Florence Grandis or the large ever blooming Disney tree found in Disneyland. The leaves are plastic, the roots are cement, and the limbs are steel. If you followed DFB for a while, you might have heard me talk about the mysterious tomato baby who's seen chowing down on this plump red fredible inside a picture hanging in Liberty Tree Tavern. But let's not forget about another little dude that's hiding out inside this Liberty Square restaurant. Amos Mouse. In case you're not familiar with little Amos mouse here, this mouse was featured in a Disney animated short back in 1953 called Ben and Me, where Amos is to Ben Franklin what Jiminy Cricut is to Pinocchio, a wise little companion. You can find Amos peeking through the window right above the Liberty Tree Tavern sign. So, this one might be a little delicate. Magic Kingdom tries to provide restrooms in every land except for Liberty Square. So, why is this area of the park being left out of the Porcelain Throne Club? Because public restrooms weren't as common in colonial times. The closest public restrooms you'd find while you're inside Liberty Square are located in Fantasy Land and Frontier Land. And while you can find restrooms inside Liberty Square's restaurants, aka Columbia Harbor House and Liberty Tree Tavern, here's the wild thing about that. Based on where these restrooms are located inside both buildings, they're technically across the Fantasy Land borderline. So, Disney Imagineers aren't technically breaking any 18th century theming by having restrooms inside the Liberty Square establishments. Pretty sneaky. Our friends over at All Ears call her Cynthia, but we simply call her a thing of nightmares. See if you can find Cynthia the doll peeking through one of the Liberty Square windows. She's not just there to give you chills. Dolls were often placed in windows during colonial times to alert firefighters that children lived in that house so that they could find them if there was a fire. And interestingly enough, there's also a fireman's brigade crest on the Liberty Square building where Cynthia tends to reside, which would have signaled to firemen that the family donated money and thus should be saved in the event of a fire. Okay, how about one more point for now about Liberty Square? Well, maybe a little more than one, cuz this place just has so many little secrets and details that are way too easy to overlook. See all these houses lined up around the land? Each has a slightly different architectural style as well as a different house address that's only two digits long. If you were to add an 18 to the front of those two-digit numbers, they would become a year in the 1800s. And interestingly enough, the houses are all made in the architectural style that represents the year of their respective addresses. Now, that's some deep imagineering right there. Disney loves their datebased secrets, and you can find more of them around, strangely enough, the Casey Jr. Splash and Soak station. Each one of the Casey Jr. train cars back there has a two-digit number on it. These four numbers represent the years that the four Disney World parks came to be. Magic Kingdom in 71, Epcot in 82, Hollywood Studios in ' 89, and Animal Kingdom in 98. So, what actually happened to Hiccabad Crane after his terrifying encounter with the Hudless Horsemen? Well, I guess he up and moved into the Magic Kingdom after that. Once the sun sets, check out the window above the Sleepy Hollow refreshment stand in Liberty Square, the one that's facing what used to be the Liberty Bell Riverboat. Every now and then, you'll see poor Icky doing innocent enough things like eating pie or having a cup of tea or reading a book or, you know, not getting chased by the Headless Horsemen. Need a break from Magic Kingdom without actually leaving Magic Kingdom? Good. I've got two places you might be interested in hearing about. The first is the yellow topped storybook circus tent, which you're going to find right past Pete's silly sideshow in Fantasy Land, way at the back of the park. Here you're going to find picnic style tables and armchairs and shade and several charging outlets in case you need to juice up that phone. The second place is the Tomorrowland Terrace seating area. While this section closes off for guests later on in the afternoon as it starts preparing for the fireworks dessert parties that night, it's free for guests to hang out at during the day and often is a place where our DFB reporters stop for a breather or a snack break or maybe even to type up their latest food review for the DFB website. The next time you're in line for Pirates of the Caribbean, look down into the Q's abandoned prison cell. I love this little Easter egg. We haven't talked about it on the channel in a long time. Turns out it's not as abandoned as you might think. There are actually two skeletons in there stuck in a game of chess. Now, because Imagineers think of everything, it's important to take note of what position the chess pieces are in. The game is set in a stalemate to represent these poor fellows having to play this game for eternity. Ah, you thought the Q- lines were long. Imagine playing a game of chess for the rest of your afterlife. Out of all the restaurants in Disney World, Skipper Canteen might be the one with the most secrets for you to unfold. Which makes sense considering this Jungle Cruise themed restaurant also once harbored the meeting space for the Society of Explorers and Adventurers, or Sea for short. In fact, it still might. In order to enter the SEA room, coming from the big dining hall, you must pass through a little hallway. And as you pass through, you'll notice the hallway is lined with bookcases. Now, these shelves, which of course this is a secret bookcase door, according to Imagineering Lore, previously hid the room entrance back in the day. But what's even cooler about these bookcases, if it's really possible to become cooler than a hidden bookcase, is that pretty much every book lining the shelves has some sort of joke or nod that ties back to a Disney Imagineer, Adventureline attraction, or just the sea in general. It's really fun to take some time to read those titles. Twisting your ankle on the Main Street USA trolley tracks happens so often it almost feels like a right of passage at this point. We even have a t-shirt to commemorate it. But when Magic Kingdom is ready to put on one of their parades, they don't want their cast members or walking characters to experience the same fate. Nor do they want the parade floats accidentally getting caught on some of these tracks since the floats don't use the tracks to get around their route. That's why before every parade, a handful of cast members put down a series of rubber strips. They call it cheese for some reason on top of the trolley tracks. It helps even out the pathways and makes the route much safer to navigate. It's pretty much a DFB vault tip by now that if you're scrambling for a place to sit at a busy quick service restaurant and said quick service just so happens to have upstairs seating, you should always go to the second floor for a better chance of finding more free table space. We do this all the time at Columbia Harbor House in Liberty Square. always used to do it back at Electric Umbrella, too. Remember when that was in Epcot? And we do it at Pinocchio Village House in Fantasy Land. But here's the extra cool thing about Pinocchio's upstairs tables. There's also a little outdoor balcony with even more tables for you to choose from that'll also give you great people watching vantage point behind Cinderella Castle. Also a good spot to watch the fireworks. Okay, but don't completely skip over the first floor of Pinocchio Village House, even if you're making a beline to that balcony seating, cuz on the first floor of this quick service, you'll be able to spot a little stained glass window with a picture of the blue fairy who's surrounded by a super sweet quote saying, "You deserve to have your wish come true." Literally, blue fairy for president. Underneath the window is an open book beckoning you to write down your biggest, greatest wishes. So, go ahead and get to writing. Just don't ask for 50 more wishes. You got to save some space for other guests to write. You know, Magic Kingdom has a big no no rule about selling and carrying alcoholic beverages outside of its table service restaurants. But that just means the fun frozen beverages you're going to find outside those table service restaurants are all familyfriendly and cost less money, too. So, here's the speedy list of some of the most unique frozen drink options that go beyond the classic frozen Coke. Lefou's brew at Gaston's Tavern is made with frozen apple juice, a hint of toasted marshmallow, passion fruit foam on top. The Sully Slush at Cosmic Ray Starllight Cafe is a layered blue raspberry slush with purple whipped cream. The Goofy's Glacier Kitchen in Main Street Confectionary has a few fun frozen varieties for you to choose from, topped off with classic freeze-dried and/or candy gummies. Just remember that this is more of the frozen Fanta, so it's more of a frozen carbonated beverage versus like a slush puppy. So, if your kid isn't into carbonated beverages, like mine's not, this is not going to work for them. The seaside serenade at Prince Eric's Village Market in Fantasy Land is a pinina colada slushie topped with Kurissau syrup and blue boba pearls. The tea slushies at Cheshure Cafe come with either blackberry or mixed berry tea, and both are topped off with whipped cream and sprinkles. And finally, you've got the watermelon refresher at Energy Bites in Tomorrowland, made with yuzu, citrus, ginger, and popping candies. When Magic Kingdom first opened back in 1971, it honest to goodness had a skyway gondola system that stretched from Fantasy Land to Tomorrowland. So, you could consider it the OG Disney World Skyliner before the Skylliner we now know and love was ever a thought. There were a few issues that led to Magic Kingdom Skyway closure in 1999, but a portion of that old Skyway system still remains in the park to this day. The Fantasy Land station was actually replaced by what we know as the Tangled bathrooms. Disney Imagineers removed the top half of the station and built a bathroom on the ground floor. But unless you rode those Skyliners back in the day, you'd probably never guess that it's the same building. Frontier Land might look a little different than it did back in the day, but at its roots, it's still a place of tumble weeds and cowboys and Wild Wild West theming, which is why every so often you might be a part of the Frontier Land Hoown. Think of this as a spontaneous dance party that usually features characters like Chip and Dale, various country bear band members, or even rare characters like Clarabel Cow and Horus Horsecollar. While you're not going to find it listed in the app, you can always ask a nearby Frontier Land cast member if a hoown might be taking place on the day of your visit. Hoowns are not guaranteed. and they don't happen every day, but when they do happen, they usually happen during the evening, like sometime around 5 to 6:00 p.m. You're going to see a lot of American flags around Magic Kingdom, specifically on Main Street, USA. But there's only one real American flag in the entire park, and that's the big one on the flag pole closest to the train station in Main Street, USA, right there in Town Square. This flag is raised every morning and taken down every evening during the 5:00 p. p.m. flag retreat. All the other flags that you see have an incorrect number of stars or stripes, so they're not real American flags, meaning they don't need to be lowered or lit at night. The wait time for Seven Dwarfs Mine Train in Fantasy Land can be exhausting. So, I guess it's a good thing there are a few fun interactive elements deeper inside the queue that we can help bite our time with. One of the interactive elements are spinning barrels full of gems. There are seven of them total, and if you spin them, each barrel reveals one of the seven dwarfs up on the ceiling. Here's where the secret comes in, though. If you and six other guests can get all seven of the barrels spinning at the same time, Snow White will appear in the center of them. Now, it's a party. Now, hold up. What is that? Another Seven Dwarf Mine Train secret? Bria just loaded us up with them today. carved into a wooden support beam on the right side of the track. And just as you're exiting the mine shortly after the second liftill, you can find a hidden Mickey who's holding a little pickaxe. You'll need to be on high alert for this one cuz it'll pop up right as your mine cart picks up speed again. It's tradition for new Disney cast members to take a picture by the casting agency door in Magic Kingdom. But even if you're not going to be a cast member and you still want to take a picture in front of this iconic photo spot, you can find it on Main Street USA toward the left hand side of the street when walking toward the castle. It's the one near the Disney Clotheier shop if that helps pinpoint it for you. In our past iterations of the DFB guide to Walt Disney World dining, we haven't always given Tony's Town Square in Main Street USA the highest marks, but lately Tony's been working its way up the DFB rankings. And I know a lot of that has to do with those impressively cheesy appetizers. The Tony's garlic bread for the table is made with toasted chabatada, roasted garlic butter, and parmesan fonduda on the side that you can pour over the bread yourself either sparingly or with reckless abandon, which is what I do. A classic premium bar is nice and all, but you can get one of those classic Mickey bars spruced up real nice with extra toppings over at Anti-Gravity's Galactic Goodies in Tomorrowland. Instead of just a plain old Mickey bar, the ones over here come loaded with M&amp;M minis, which is going to be a huge hit with the kids in your group. Carousel of Progress is chalk full of hidden details and Easter eggs. But one of my favorites is in the very first show scene. Take a look at the robin sitting in the window. This is the actual Robin that was featured in the Mary Poppins film. You know, during a spoonful of sugar musical number. Yeah, that one. Want another secret? No problem. Does the narrator John sound familiar to you? He should. That's Jean Shepard's voice, the man who also narrated the classic holiday film, A Christmas Story. Okay, one more. The grandmother from Carousel of Progress, actually shows up in another Magic Kingdom attraction. Keep an eye out for her amongst the 999 happy haunts in the ballroom scene of Haunted Mansion 2. Imagineers use the same animatronic model for both grandmas. The rapid fire Easter eggs are super fun, so let's do it again. But this time, let's cover the secrets hiding within Fantasy Land's second most popular castle restaurant, Be Our Guest. First off, let's take a look at that glorious grand ballroom ceiling. So, those little sherups flying among the clouds actually have the faces of Disney Imagineers children, who are most definitely not babies anymore because that thing opened in 2012, but still super cute or kind of creepy. I don't know. You let me know in the comments. Also in the ballroom, you'll notice that it's snowing out the windows. Now, this snow is made up of animation cells straight from the Beauty and the Beast film. So, you are literally inside the movie. And finally, in the entrance hallway, those suits of armor, they aren't just there for looks. Those dudes are enchanted. So, you'll occasionally hear them whisper to one another or sneeze or even doze off. Back in the day, by the way, Be Our Guest restaurant was a counter service location for breakfast and lunch and was only table service at dinner. And so that little hallway where those suits of armor stand, that's where you used to wait in line to order your food. And so it was much easier to sort of hear them talking to each other and a lot more fun. These days, you kind of just walk right past them, but go stand in there for a little while. It's really fun. You know, one of the cheapest souvenirs the dad can get inside the Magic Kingdom, a beard trim. Yep. While the oldtimey Harmony Barber Shop on Main Street, USA might be best known for its My First Haircut packages that come with your kids' first haircut and commemorative Mickey ears and a keepsake lock of hair and an official milestone certificate. Oh, that's about 28 bucks. The grown-ups can get shaves and a haircut here, too. But the beard trims are going to be your cheapest option, just at $8. Disney has a lost and found system for regular guests, which we talk more about in our No One Escapes Disney security video if you want to check that one out next. But did you know there's a lost and found hiding out for the Disney characters, too? On the lower level of the Main Street USA train station, you'll see a lost and found area that's filled with forgotten items like Aladdin's lamp, Winnie the Pooh's honeypot, Captain Hook's hook. Yikes. He really should get that thing back. And a few other lost items, too. So, you know how the Haunted Mansion cast members have a pretty distinct costumes, like those green frilly aprons or the gray button-up vests? Cast members wearing the green dress and apron get up will also receive an intricate white headband with a little bat on top. And as cute as it is to have a little pet buddy that follows you around all day long, this little detail gets even better. Every cast member wearing a bat has named their bat per cast member tradition, along with giving them a little backstory and a fun personality trait or two. So, the next time you see a cast member at Haunted Mansion wearing a bat, ask them about it if they're not busy getting you on and off your dune buggy, of course. Back in 2025, McKim's Mile House opened up for Disney Vacation Club members right next to Country Bear Musical Jamberee inside the building that used to be the Frontier Land Shooting Arcade. I know. You forgot about that, didn't you? Nobody talks about it. Now only members and their guests are allowed to check this place out. The story behind this lounge is simple, though. You're but a weary traveler stopping in for a rest. But it looks like you're not the only person taking advantage of this place. While the second floor isn't actually accessible, read the names of those upstairs doors to see which familiar folks are bunking at the Mile House for the night. One guest room belongs to BT Bullion, the founder of the Big Thunder Mountain Company. Another to M. Davis, which of course stands for Imagineer Mark Davis, the father of Kruella Deville and Maleficent. And then there's a room for a little guy called Hoot, who was an owl animatronic planned for the Neverbuilt Western River Expedition attraction. You know how I said there's only one real American flag in the Magic Kingdom? I kind of lied. When you enter the Hall of President's Building inside Liberty Square, look for the display case with the saddle. There you're going to find a folded American flag. Now, this isn't a prop American flag. This is a real deal one with quite a backstory. This very flag played a special role in the opening of Disney World. On October 1st, 1971, then President Richard Nixon flew an American flag outside of the White House and packaged that flag and sent it to Roy O. Disney. Roy the flag flown during Disney World's dedication day on October 25th, 1971. So when you look at old photos of the dedication of Disney World, the big American flag that's flying in Main Street is the very same one that once flew over the White House and the one that you can still see today over in Liberty Square. You know what I love? A custom souvenir. And Magic Kingdom just so happens to have a plethora of them. But one of our latest custom souvenir obsessions can be found over at Crystal Arts Shop in, yep, Main Street, USA. Actually, there's a lot of things you can get customized in the Crystal Arts Shop. Tiaras, magic wands, glassware of all kinds. But it's the custommade glass blown pumpkin I want to shout out today. It's $125 and you can get a handb blown pumpkin in its very own Cinderella style carriage. You get to choose the pumpkin and stem color and add any custom script that you want for an extra cost. Then when you're ready, you can watch your pumpkin being made right there in the shop. Now, remember, it has to cool down, so you're going to have to come back and pick it up later, or maybe they'll be able to ship it to you. Most of the upstairs windows featured on the Main Street USA buildings showcase the names of important Imagineers who helped to bring Disney World to life. But Walt Disney himself actually has his name on three of those Main Street windows. The very first of his windows is on top of the train station before you enter the park. He also has the very last window on Main Street, right above the Plaza restaurant. And the third window you'll find Sporting Walt's name is above Main Street Cinema. It's never too early to send a Christmas list to Santa, right? Like, I'm sure he'd appreciate our punctuality. Over a year old Christmas shop in Liberty Square, kids can send letters to Santa year round. Using the blank templates and crayons provided by the shop, you can draft your letters to Santa and let them know what you want for Christmas. Between the Blue Fairy Wish Book and Santa's mailbox, this Magic Kingdom trip is set to pay for itself. Seems like your wishes will be covered. Leah Chase, the executive chef and owner of Dookie Chase's restaurant down in New Orleans, was the inspiration behind Tiana's character in Princess and the Frog. And although Chase passed away in 2019, her legacy continues on, even inside Tiana's Bayou Adventure in Frontier Land. Leah Chase's daughter, who's also named Leah, is a musician, and she recorded a version of the song, Do You Know What It Means to Miss New Orleans? That plays inside the Tiana's Bayou Adventure Q. This soundbite is part of the radio show you'll hear being played in the background while you're waiting in the queue-ine. You might have one specific goal in mind when it comes to the main street confectionary. Get in, buy a bunch of sweet stuff, get out. But if you're able to spare a moment to explore the wonderland of sugar and desserts, you might come out of there with not just a sweet, but also some knowledge. After you enter, track down the Mars candy column. This display shows not just some of the most popular candies of all time, but also some interesting facts, too. Like the name Twix actually comes from combining the words twin and biscuits. And Snickers candy bars were named after the Mars family's favorite horse from their Tennessee farm. Or you know, the sweeter this place gets. During Disney World's 50th anniversary celebration back in 2021, Disney World released 50 golden statues and scattered them throughout all four parks. I remember it well. But after the 50th anniversary ended, the golden statues stuck around and now they're part of the Fab 50 quest you can find on the Play Disney Parks app. So, where can you find the golden Magic Kingdom statues? For the most part, these dudes are situated around the castle hub. But some of them are a little harder to spot, like Jacques and Gusgus. They're tucked away inside a castle turret to the right of Cindy's place. Abu is to the right of the Adventureland entrance, and Orangebird is near Skipper Canteen. Magic Kingdom is one of the most well-loved Disney parks for a reason, and we want to keep on helping you plan for that big visit of yours. So, if you're ready to keep the magic going, check out one of our other Magic Kingdom videos next, like the ultimate guide to Magic Kingdom in 2026. And don't forget to download those free Disney World planning worksheets over at disneyfoodblog.com/dplans. Thanks for listening, everyone, and thanks for watching. As always, this is AJ for Disney Food Vlog, and we'll see you real soon.
