---
video_id: oJb3VYJ7PwM
channel: JustinScarred
title: "A THEME PARK's tribute to Adam the Woo - and the FINAL Memorial update"
published: 2026-03-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJb3VYJ7PwM
---
Well, welcome to the friendliest place in the Old West. Good afternoon, everybody. I'm just taking a walk here along the side of Knots Lagoon, the site of the old jungle island, one of the most accidentally wellpreserved old theme park attractions, abandoned and lost to time here in Southern California. About to make my way into Knottberry Farm just across the street in a second to talk to you about some things related to our friend, our fallen comrade, one of my best friends of all time, Adam the Woo, who by the way did his first ever California meetup, I believe, right over here well over a decade ago with me, a small crowd of people. Lot of memories everywhere I go with my friend. He loved Nottberry Farm. He was interested in the history. He loved the kooky, zany kind of homemade origin of it and the way it had kind of been preserved as more of a a kind of a community place than a really corporate feeling theme park. The way it welcomed visitors during co with their strange food festivals. just so much that he loved about this place, including this exact full scale replica of Independence Hall from Philadelphia where our Declaration of Independence was signed. Built in 1966 by Walter not July 4th, 1966 actually is when it opened. Adam was very excited about America's 250th birthday. Wanted to do a lot of traveling in America this year. So, just a fitting place to kind of gather my thoughts. I want to tell you about two things. I want to show you the most epic, the most amazing tribute I've seen so far to our friend Adam the Woo that is here just across the street in Knottberry Farm proper, the amusement park over there. Then I want to give one last final update about Adam the Woo's celebration of life which we are having on March 8th, 2026 at noon Pacific time. Of course, it's the day we spring forward, so you got to account for that if you live in a daylight savings time affected area. Let's make our way over across the street cuz this tribute though first is such an epic thing. First for context, just let me indulge in a little bit of backstory, a little bit of historical backstory and a little bit of Adam's backstory with Knottberry Farm. Now Farm, as the name implies, was originally an actual berry farm started by Walter Nton around 1920 or so. And this is where he cultivated and popularized the Boenberry. This is where it all started for the boys and berry right here on this property. During hard times and particularly during the depression, his wife back in the early days, particularly during the depression, they started a chicken dinner restaurant out here first served on the family's good china to people who needed a wholesome meal down here in Buena Park, California. a restaurant coupled with the whole bo and berry thing that was so successful it allowed Walter not the financial freedom to build a berry market which still stands out here right out here on the front today much larger fancier Mrs. KN's chicken dinner restaurant that is still also out here today. And then his passion project, his own ghost town. And to make a very long story short, that passion project, that sort of living history project, that building of his own ghost town and little shops and more and more amusements eventually led to Knottberry Farm becoming a full-fledged theme park where berries are no longer the primary business. I had the very good fortune of being able to take Adam to Knottberry Farm on his first ever trip. He'd never heard of it. He had been, of course, to Disney World. I took him on his first trip to Disneyland when he made his way out to California finally. In fact, looking back now, it's such a blessing that we were able to do so many crazy things like take him to the Back to the Future Mall for his first time and all these things. Anyway, Knottberry Farm was part of the agenda and it was like love at first sight coming to Knots as somebody who had only grown up with Walt Disney World. It was like, "What the heck is this?" It's so confusing and weird and homegrown, which is why we all love it. I grew up, of course, coming to Knots Berry Farm. It's my grandma, my living grandma, my nana, who used to bring me down here to check out the scene, see the candle making and the panning for gold and all that kind of stuff. Shout out to Nana. So, it's a place that was always close to my own heart and I always had one bucket list goal. Inside of Ghost Town, there is a blacksmith shop where in addition to personalized horseshoes and nails that can be hammered into the shape of the first initial of your name or whatever, they also used to sell custom branding irons that they would make here on the farm and then they would test the iron by heating it up and burning it into the side of the blacksmith shop. And I kind of stopped doing that, but I was obsessed with getting my own branding iron, getting my own brand here in Ghost Town. But of course, I had to be approved. I had to go to the higher ups, like some YouTube guy. I guess they had to make sure I was cool before they could burn the random land logo into the side of a building in their theme park. But eventually, that bucket list goal of mine came true. And this logo is burned into Ghost Town forever, which is just a great honor, Ryan, because I've always loved Knots. It just felt like knots loved me back a little bit. You know, Adam was very early in YouTube and I guess me too with the theme park stuff, but even as the kind of Disney vlogger thing became a thing and got more and more popular, Knots would always kind of be in the shadow. You know, it wouldn't really get that much love. And Adam and I both did as much as we could to uh kind of give Knots the love, attention, and respect it deserved. and knots always felt like they appreciated it and loved us back unlike a lot of other larger companies who could literally care less if we were alive or dead. And all this is just backstory context to kind of explain and really let you understand just how epic this tribute I'm about to show you for our friend Adam really is. A tribute that appeared just a couple of days ago here in Knottberry Farms ghost town with no explanation because it was meant to kind of be revealed and be a surprise left for Adam's public memorial on the live stream coming up this Sunday. But it's not Berry Farm, a place Adam loved. Of course, people who loved Adam back have been here, seen it, spilled the beans a little bit. And so I have now acquired permission to kind of show you this tribute in Knots Berry Farm before the memorial and tell you who was behind it, who was responsible. Something I did come and look at just the other day. I was a little too emotional when I came and saw it to really film it and put it out there. So, I'm back once again to gaze with my own eyes upon the most epic, the most fitting, the most appropriate, as Adam would say, tribute to our fallen friend so far. Something which I hope will live here in Ghost Town for a long, long time. >> GET ON WITH IT. SHOW THEM THE TRIBUTE. >> HURRY UP, MAN. >> All right. All right. Here it is. The farmers of Knottberry Farm have added a tribute to Adam the Woo right here on the side of the blacksmith shop just over here on the side door here on Main Street in Ghost Town. Adam the Woos own brand designed to fit right underneath the original random brand there intentionally so that uh Adam and I can always be here in Ghost Town together in spirit as long as Ghost Town exists or at least as long as the wood on that door is still here in Ghost Town. not only a fitting and epic and appropriate tribute, but one that's like such an honor. Um, see, it's still making me emotional. I first saw it because it leaked onto Facebook. Someone had taken a picture of it and I was like, who in the heck did that? How did this happen? It's so amazing. And of course, I found out who exactly who was responsible for it. was spearheaded by a mutual friend of mine in Adams named Jeff Tucker, a longtime Knottberry Farm employee, or as I like to call them, a farmer whose lovely wife Rachel gave him the idea. And of course, he ran it up the flag pole, got the blacksmiths in on the conspiracy and silently placed the brand, the dedication, the tribute to our friend Adam the Woo right here on the door. And actually, it was designed purposefully to fit between the handle and the edge of the door there, right there, so we could be together. The random brand over there, this symbol has been kind of a popular spot for people to take pictures of. I get tagged in pictures of it every week. People come out here and always stop over there, take a photo or whatever. So, Jeff knew and the blacksmith knew and I knew immediately without them even telling me like putting it there would kind of keep us together forever. um or at least as long as the wood lasts. Like I said, very emotional tribute and uh I cannot tell you how much I appreciate it and I know Adam would have lost his mind. These have been dark days, heavy days, days of self-examination, trying to at least find the silver lining, right? To use this time of grief and mourning to do a lot of self-examination and look into your own life. And of course, once you start shining the light in your in your own life, you find all these dark corners, things you've neglected, things that you haven't taken care of. When you stand at the side of your friend's grave and see him lowered into the ground, you realize just how short life is, just how little time we have to do the things we need to do, much less the things we want to do. And so, in addition to everything else and all the grief and and mourning and all of Adam's friends kind of trying to take care of each other, I've been going through some really some really heavy stuff in my head and in my heart. And so this just was so uplifting. It's like this perfect memorial, this perfect tribute. So I got to say thank you to Jeff Tucker. Thank you to Knottberry Farm for approving it, all the blacksmiths who worked on it, just all the wonderful people who were involved. And now if you come out here to Knottberry Farm, a place Adam loved, take a stroll through Ghost Town or you come out here for Hunt, the Adam the Woo brand will be right there on the side of the blacksmith shop for the foreseeable future. May it last a thousand years. Okay, I got to I got to not be emotional. Let's come over here and wash my face really quick. Smells like mildew and gold dust. That's a well loved towel. All right. Anyway, having been the closest of friends with Adam for 15 years plus, I can tell you there's just no more fitting tribute. It's perfect that Jeff Tucker was the one spearheading it. There are very few people that Adam respected and loved more. And although Epcot may have been Adam's favorite theme park possibly of all time, he really did love the wacky weirdness of Knottberry Farm. So there it is, the perfect tribute to our fallen friend and one that can be shared by anybody who comes and visits Knots. And that's what I think is so great about us. Kind of open for all to come and see and touch and take a picture with. And >> I really love that. And not only do I hope, but I believe he knows and he sees it. It's just freaking awesome on every conceivable level. By the way, I do have a video clip that was sent to me by Tucker um showing the burning of the brand into the side of the barn and all that stuff, but I'm going to let you see that when the memorial happens. And speaking of that memorial, we are just about out of time. And so it's time for a final update for those planning to watch the live stream and for those who got a ticket to come be there in person and for any of the friends that were invited on the guest list. First of all, let me say this. I went to the venue the other day with the people running the memorial, running the program on stage, the staff of the venue. We walked the whole place, went through the whole program, and it is freaking awesome. Everything is heartfelt, homegrown from the hearts of Adam's friends. I just I could not be more impressed with the people that have put this together and done all this work. It's just it's going to be amazing. The venue, the staff, I mean, everybody volunteered, donated their time, put their own money in to rent extra chairs, all this stuff. I mean, they've just gone above and beyond, especially the staff at the garden amp. It's gonna be it's gonna be awesome. Now, here's the thing. Everybody involved is doing it because if you were friends with Adam, you know, I mean, he wasn't a perfect person by any stretch of the imagination, but one of the most generous, giving, just just generous people that I've ever known. Believe me when I say I've known a lot of people. In fact, I just ran into one of Adam's friends, the Philly captain here, who I've never met in person before. He's out here for the memorial. We were talking about just that that, you know, his whole thing started because of Adam. It's like Adam was very generous. He was not a gatekeeper. never raise his voice. In 15 years to me, we've had arguments where he never raised his voice, never said an unkind thing. Even the people that drove him insane that he would get angry at. He never punched down, never talked bad about them in public, you know, in a lot of cases, he would even do videos with people that annoyed him and stuff like that and just continue to be friends. The people who actually knew him in real life, not the people who type anonymously online, knew that and experienced that from him. So, it's no wonder people have put in so much time and effort, you know, trying to give a little back to him. And we really loved him. And I'm not going to lie, it's been a little bit stressful because everybody's a critic. Everybody wishes, "Oh, we should have done this. Adam would have wanted this." Especially people who didn't know him. He would have wanted this or done this. Ah, well, we've done the best we can. We've done our duty. Can only hope for the best. Hope Adam appreciates it. And uh anyway, at the end of the day, everyone's going to get what they paid for cuz it's free. Much like people criticizing Adam's videos, right? a free video. You don't have to click on what is every video. I bring that up to share something with you that yeah, Adam saw that. He let a lot of that get to him, probably more than he should have, but him and I had a phrase that we got from a guy who was on tour with us once. Oh, you laugh so you don't cry. So, just a side note by way of encouragement, when you face this kind of stuff, just laugh, you know. Anyway, sorry I'm distracting myself with memories and stories instead of getting to the final update. So, here it is. It's March 8th, 2026 at noon. That is when the program is supposed to start down there at the garden amp and also when the live stream should start. It will be on Adam's dad's channel. That's JWW on the move. The live stream link is already over there and already live. So, you can go to JWW on the move, follow Adam's dad, subscribe to his channel, and I think you can click one of those notification things so that you can get notifications when the stream goes live. try to keep your eye on it starting about 11:30 California time. By the way, we're talking Pacific time here. Um, just in case everybody gets in there and gets seated and whatever and any part of the stream starts early or whatever, just just in case. Also remember, not only is that Pacific time, so it' be 300 p.m. Eastern time, but it's also the day you spring forward, like I said, with the time change. So, factor that into your calculations. I am not mathematically competent enough to tell you what that's going to be in other time zones. So, use Google or one of those AI things or whatever you need to do to uh to figure out the schedule, but it will be noon California time as of March 8th. A very cool guy who volunteered his services. It's like pretty pro at the live streaming thing with multiple cameras and plugged into the sound and hardwired into the internet and all that stuff. So, barring any kind of catastrophe, the live stream will be there. It should be there live as it's happening. Of course, if anything happens, there'll be the backup of uploading, you know, the video to the internet afterwards, but we don't anticipate anything like that happening. So, just prepare for the live stream. Noon Pacific time, March 8th, 2026. And the live stream is the best way to participate. The venue was so delu by request after the tickets cuz there's only so much capacity there. And it's standing room only, first come, first serve seating, but we'll get to that in a second. there was such an overwhelming response that there was a little bit of panic at first from the city and everybody like uh what's going on now like we don't want a a riot or a mob outside the gates. And so unfortunately we're not able to do any kind of standby line um to get in to the event. So if you're not local and you're coming from far away, do not plan on coming outside. Those who were able to get tickets, we're going to be let in at 11:00 a.m. So the doors will open at 11:00 a.m. for ticket holders. If you were an invited, you were invited by the family or invited friend, uh that entry is at 10:00 a.m. Other than the church parking lots nearby, I mean, most of the businesses are closed on Sundays, so there's plenty of surface lots and street parking in the area, but just be careful about two places. I was warned by the venue, do not park at the college that's right nearby, and do not park at the Costco that's right nearby. Those two places tow uh Garden Grove City Hall says they're closed. The Civic Center is closed on that day, so their parking lot's open. There's a lot of surface parking in the area. However, if you're like me and you're one of those people who gets stressed over like, "Ah, what if I don't find a parking spot or you're running late or something like that?" If you're anywhere nearby, maybe just Uber over there if you don't want the stress on your shoulders or whatever. But there is a lot of parking out there despite what some people online have said. I've gone to a bunch of shows at this place and sometimes it takes me a little while to find a spot, but I always find one no matter how big the show is, right? There will be some movie cars out there and some things for people to see before they enter the venue while they're waiting in line and all that kind of stuff. So, that's very cool. Some very cool tributes are going to be happening out there. I'm sure plenty of people will be taking videos and sharing that kind of stuff with you guys online in the coming days. As for the seating, there are slightly more tickets than seats. So, my advice to you is to get there as early as possible. Line up as early as possible if you possibly can. Especially if you have any kind of mobility issues or need any kind of special assistance. try to get there as early as you possibly can to be kind of in the front of the line. And remember, this is not a funeral. This is a celebration of life. So, not only are we gathering together and wanting to keep things upbeat and really celebrate and appreciate our friend Adam, who by the way would be laughing so hard that I accidentally ended up in the Boot Hill Cemetery while while talking about this. But also, we want to keep that spirit of just camaraderie and appreciating Adam. I'm going to leave the drama at the door and let's all get together and celebrate and hug and keep the spirit of kindness and the circle of goodness as Adam would have put it. The quest for positivity as I would have put it. Just pay that forward on this day. It's not about us. It's not about even really each other. It's about him. I want to say something really quick. Adam's life was huge. I mean, he had a big footprint just in real life. The amount of people he knew, the amount of people he encouraged, the amount of lives that he changed. Like I said, he wasn't perfect. He had his flaws. And trust me, I know them better than almost anyone. I know his flaws. I know who he loved. I know who he hated. I know all the things. But even despite all that, he was one of the most generous, kind-hearted people that I've ever known. And he had this amazing superpower of just being able to remember and keep track of so many people and their names. Not just their names, but what they were doing, the videos they were doing, where they were at, offering advice. He was a great guy. So, as you can imagine, it's been one serious guest list. We reached everyone we could. I'm not sure we reached everybody. So, you have to forgive me if if we didn't we missed somebody. Even with a big team effort, it was, you know, it was a real challenge just to just to reach out to as many people as we did. It's been tough. >> My point is he had a huge life just IRL. And then you take the internet into account, the almost a million subscribers just on the Daily Woo channel alone, the millions and millions of people who've seen his videos or joined him, shall they? They did. There's no way to encapsulate a whole life into one little event or one little space. That's why the live stream is the primary thing. We want to invite as many people as we can to join us in celebrating Adam that day. But if you can't join the live stream or you couldn't be there in person, don't worry about it. You're getting a piping hot caffeinated beverage. You're being kind to someone else on behalf of Adam, doing something nice, having an adventure, spending time with your kids, your family, your loved ones, your friends. Those are equally valid tributes to our fallen friend Adam Lu. Especially the kindness part. I have to tell you again, you know, he was one of the most generous, just kind people behind the scenes. Literally, even people that one day he'd be angry at and, you know, just so frustrated with people behind the scenes. Sometimes he would have disagreed with to his last breath. He would go out and do videos with them and and share his platform with people and just share positivity with people. So that spirit, anything you can do that day, raise a piping hot caffeinated beverage, just a thought, maybe a prayer for his family, it's all valid. We're just a couple of his dumb friends that have done the best we can, but in an imperfect way to try to celebrate his life. So forgive us if if it's not perfect. But don't feel like if you can't make it or you can't see the stream, you have to work or whatever it is that day. Don't feel like you you're somehow invalidated, right? You're invalid. Your grief is valid. You're missing Adam. Perfectly valid. And not only that, but the stream will be up afterwards. It will be available to watch presumably for all time. I'm sure lots of other people will be filming and uploading their own videos as well. So, there's other ways to participate after the fact if you can't catch the live stream. And of course, like all of Adam's videos though, it'll be online to watch on YouTube for free as long as YouTube uh lasts and as long as YouTube's free. So, don't get discouraged. And also remember, it's not really goodbye. Oh, look, there's the Philly captain right over there. It's not really goodbye because Adam's videos are going to be on YouTube forever. He'll be with us till the end of time or at least the end of YouTube. Oh, captain. My captain. >> The Philly captain. >> Look, it's one of Adam's friends. How are you doing? >> I'm doing good. >> We just met for the first time today. >> About 10 minutes ago. >> Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. >> I'm looking for captain. >> A theater to watch a show. >> Okay. >> I'm so starving for entertainment. >> There's one to the left and then there's one behind you, but I think that one's not open yet. >> Okay. So, it's that one. >> It's so helpful knowing YouTubers who know their way around places. Thanks, guys. >> I do the best I can. It's been so crazy having so many of Adam's friends coming into town now. And even those that can't make it just connecting over Adam. He was always one of those hype people, too. Like, if he loved someone, he would be like, "Dude, you got to meet my buddy the Philly captain. He's awesome." Or, "Meet my buddy over here. Meet my buddy in Louisiana. Meet my buddy this." He always wanted everyone to come together. or whenever any of his friends would have drama or beef, he'd go, "It doesn't matter." Just, you know, it's not worth it. In real life, one of the one of the greatest peacemakers that I've ever known. So, try and carry that spirit into this uh into this memorial. Okay. So, what have we covered? We got 12:00 noon. The doors are at 11:00 for anyone that has tickets. If you were an invited guest, you need to be there at 10:00 or we recommend 10:00. Of course, they're going to let you in if you show up 5 minutes late to the event, obviously, but there is like sort of standing room only. So, if you want a guaranteed chair to sit down in, make sure you get there early. Even if you're a bit late, there is like a big foyer there that has screens kind of outside the the the little stadium part, the what's it called? The thing, the amphitheater part. Um, they do have food on the property, so they do have like a concession stand selling food. I know many of Adam's friends are planning on bringing some uh buttons and stickers and things to give away. So, that's going to be awesome. Just remember, it is spring forward that day, so there is a time change that may affect your area. So, just double check on that before you settle in for the stream. Turn on that notification. JWWW on the Move. That's Adam's dad's YouTube channel. There's not going to be merchandise for sale or anything like that. That's not what this is about. But Adam's family has started a place where you can buy an appropriate t-shirt if you want. If you want the link, that was the last post that I put up on Facebook. I'm sure you could Google around. There's a lot of bootleg sites, so they figured, you know, the money might as well go to hopping his mom and dad and everything like that rather than just into the hands of bootleggers. But that's not something that will be a part of the memorial thing at all. It's just a free event to come gather together to celebrate the life the incredible amazing astounding life of a friend we were really lucky and just blessed to know whether in person or through the magic of YouTube. I will never forget my friend Adam the Woo. He's a big part of my life, both sort of on camera and off. We came up with a lot of stuff together. We worked on a lot of stuff together. He came up with some of my bits and I came up with some of his bits and we had many adventures together and many many complaining sessions together. Many everything together, vent sessions, I should have said. Many times it felt like we were in the trenches together, you know. So, it's just a big part of my life. I'll never forget him. I'll never be able to stop mentioning him because pretty much whatever's going through my head comes out of my mouth and I'm never going to be able to forget him. Everywhere I turn, I'm going to be reminded of Adam for the rest of my life. And having said that and having gone through this whole process of getting ready for the memorial and paying tribute to my friend, this is my last update about this memorial. As much as I'm still grieving and I will pretty much forever grieve the loss of one of my best friends of all time, you know, um we've done what we can and it's time to kind of have this celebration and then as Adam would have told me, get busy living or get busy dying. Adam and his uh sister had a bit remember the good times and move on. It's a it's kind of a family inside joke bit and I cannot do it justice. only faith can really can really do it in Adam's voice. But it's true and it's very much >> Adam's philosophy, right? Remember the good times and move on and get busy living, get busy dying. All those things that he'd constantly tell me whenever I'd take a hit or something would happen or, you know, during my divorce or anything like he was always upbeat, always, you know, take the good, move on, keep moving forward. That's what we've got to do. The show must go on, the adventures continue. I'll always remember him and probably often mention him. But there's no substitute for Adam the Woo. He was one of a kind. There is no replacement for him. And the great news about that is that his videos and his adventures, the shows he put together to share with us all are still on YouTube. Yes, in one sense the vlog may be over, but in another very real sense, it continues forever. And by the way, there's Jeff Tucker, the writer of many of the hanging shows here at Knottberry Farm, Ghost Town Alive. You're >> going to get people upset with me now. Blame me. >> No, I'm not trying to blame you. And one of the impetuses impeti impetus impotence >> behind the Adam the Whoop. One of the impetants behind the Adam the Whoop brand. >> Yes. >> Thank you, Jeff Tucker. >> Yes, of course. >> Oh, well. Anyway, as you can see, I >> talked to Jeff there for a while. While the sun is getting low in the sky, the shadows are getting long in Ghost Town in the Old West and Knuts Berry Farm in preparation for the Boys and Berry Festival. Actually closes pretty early these days. Closes at 6:00 p.m. But you know what? I think I said what I needed to say here. There are many lessons, life lessons I've learned from my friend Adamu. Many good ones, but also many that I've learned through this process of him passing away and grieving and hearing a lot of criticism and things, stuff that he lived with every day. And he knew that. But yes, you have to have people in your life that can criticize you and correct you. But he knew you can't let people who don't know you rob your peace. At the end of the day, what really matters is your conscience. It's how you feel when you stare at the ceiling alone at night. Did you do your best? Did you do the best you were capable of? Yeah, you fall, but you get back up like my friend Adam kept doing. You're not always going to be successful. You're going to have falls. You're going to have pitfalls. You're going to have moments where you let yourself down. You just need to be good with your conscience. You need to be good with your maker. You need to be good with yourself. And if you are, you know you've done your best. You know you've done your duty. You can't let what anybody else says get you down or stop you on your journey to becoming the best version of yourself, the most successful version of yourself, whatever your goals are. So, I've learned I've, you know, learned a lot of things through watching my friend, both from his mistakes, but also his triumphs of the fact that he got up every day and kept going no matter how much criticism he was going to face or whatever. all by the way for doing a free show just to make people happy. But we'll leave that aside. It was a a big deal in my life and I'm sure he will come up from time to time after this memorial. For the time being, there won't be anything else to really announce. You know, Adam's dad's channel is going strong and he has the ability to announce things for himself. His sister's been posting from time to time on Facebook and in the different Adam the Woo Facebook groups. Obviously, they still have a lot to deal with, but they found their voice. They found their strength. they can speak for themselves as a family. And for the time being, there won't be any big public memorials or things that I know of. And the reason I say all that is that if you are one of Adam's friends, whether in person or online, and you've just been here for the updates, I really appreciate you being here. And I hope that I have been helpful as much as I can. Forgive me if I haven't or I've let any of you down in any kind of way. It's been difficult dealing with my own grief and then, you know, trying to do the best I can to put the word out there at different times about different things or for his family or whatever. I've done the best I can and so has the team that put the um celebration of life together, which is all made up of people that knew Adam, loved Adam, have volunteered their time. They've done an amazing job. It's going to be amazing. You know, disasters are always possible. Things that we have not foreseen are always possible. But I know everyone's done their best. And speaking uh just for myself, I just want to thank everyone that's been involved behind the scenes who doesn't want to stick their head up above the battlements and get sniped at. A lot of people did a lot of work to bring this together. You know, I'm just the messenger. And I want to say for those of you who are still feeling grief, still feeling loss, that's perfectly normal. Your feelings are totally valid. Even if it was just somebody that you knew on a screen every day, he really did care about the people that watched. He really was behind the scenes. As much as he had hardships in his life, too, he was extremely grateful for the life that he had and for the honor and the privilege of being able to just entertain people every day. And I know that for a fact. He had his good days and bad days, but he really appreciated every single one of you. And for myself and my family, I really appreciate every single one of you, who has said kind words, who has been kind to his family, who have kept us in your prayers and your thoughts and spread kindness. Even though everybody's struggling and dealing with grief in different ways and everybody's on a different page with that, the different phases. People want to say things and people want to say a lot of hurtful things and thoughtless things. Got to let that go because everybody's dealing with it in their own way. It's a big loss to a lot of people, as strange as it sounds, even people who never knew him in person. And I get that. Got to have a little patience and a little grace. So, I hope you've had a little patience and grace with me. And for everybody that's been positive and supportive and kind, I really just want to say from the bottom of my heart, thank you. Let's get together March 8th. Even if it's only virtually, or as Adam would have put it, vicariously. And uh even if you have to work something, you have to catch the stream later. Keep Adam and your thoughts. We'll all do our duty together. Go home and sleep well. It's been an honor getting to know some of you. Again, thank you for the kindness. I hope you understand. We've done the best we can. And uh there's the update for you. And how sick is that tribute to Adam Loo right there inside of a theme park he loved and had many, many good times at, especially at Haunt. Just I could picture his big old belly laugh standing right here. Every year he'd come in from that way. I'd come in from the media way. We'd always meet right here and have a big old belly laugh. Going to miss my friend. Anyway, that's it. That's the last update about this event. Maybe there'll be a recap after it's over, but um that's all she wrote. I want to thank all of you again for the kindness. Go home. Sleep well.
