---
video_id: lDOT7c5YV5Q
channel: JustinScarred
title: "I Flew to Kansas City for THIS?! Planet Comicon Begins!"
published: 2026-03-28
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lDOT7c5YV5Q
---
Well, good morning from Kansas City, Missouri. I'm just hanging out with Mark Twain over here before I head into one of the largest comic and pop culture conventions in the Midwest. Oh, that's right. We're back at Planet ComicCon Kansas City. This is my second year attending Planet Comic-Con, which has been down here in downtown Kansas City since at least 2013. I had so much fun last year, I was determined to come back. Originally, I wanted to get a booth here. That didn't exactly pan out this time, but you know what? I didn't want to miss the fun. Anyways, today is Friday, March 27th, 2026, the first day of the convention, and technically it hasn't really started yet, which is why you don't see a huge line of cosplayers outdoors at the moment. But upstairs, up the secret elevator, the show floor is already well set up. Hang on though, just one second. Check this out. Would you look at the shine of that crowd right there? Those are all the early birds. the early entry VIPs. That's not even the main public yet. It's going to be one heck of a show. It is estimated that over 70,000 people attended Planet Comic-Con Kansas City last year upstairs here in the huge Bartle Hall, which absolutely blew me away. I know there's a lot of smaller comic conventions in the Midwest, but I had no idea that I was going to one of, if not the biggest. And sure, last year I also went to San Diego Comic-Con. There's Dragon Con on the East Coast. There's Wonder Con. There's a lot of comic conventions now. But there was just something about Planet Comic-Con. Maybe it's that Kansas and Missouri and Midwest hospitality. Something about the fans, the vendors, and the attendees here just added up to super good vibes. Now, last year, I came here on a very specific mission, and that was to meet a legendary comic book artist, a legendary figure among collectors and fans of Disney comics. But don't get it twisted. He's not a Disney artist. He's a duck artist. Don Rosa, the author of the life and times of Scrooge McDuck, the man who took over for Carl Barks, the creator of Scrooge McDuck, as sort of the keeper of the flame, the torch, the legacy. John is using this time before the show officially starts to run around and check out the convention floor. But we did meet um earlier today. This year, I also have a secondary mission. As you may recall, I brought a little package to John Reese Davies down here last year at Planet Comic-Con and also at FanX Salt Lake. Let me tell you, I was blown away by the shies of the crowds for John last year. He was sort of the headliner dimly. The sheer number of people dressed up in Lord of the Rings cosplay to get a fun pick or get an autograph was absolutely astounding. And this year they've added to it with Elijah Wood and Shaun Aton. And so I've brought Ally with me for her first Planet ComicCon Kansas City. not only cuz she wants to get a fun pick with the Hobbits this weekend, but also to get her DVD signed by Elijah Wood over the Garden Wall. One of her absolute favorite things ever. And if I get a chance, I want to ask him if he knows about his twin in Movie Land Wax Museum in Niagara Falls. Elijah Woods. Elijah Woods. Now, obviously, all that stuff goes down in the celebrity area where there's no photos or video allowed except the ones you pay for. So, I can't show you those parts of this year's mission, but I'm delivering a little package to John Reese Davies right now, and then the show will begin. All right. Well, there was a delay in getting the celebrities to their tables, cuz there's a little delay in getting folks into the convention today. That just means more time for us to explore the convention floor before everyone gets in here. Dude, look at this. The 405th Infantry Division UNCC Spartans Halo cosplay. I always wanted some Master Chief armor. What? I was obsessed with Halo 1 and two and three. After that, my son sort of took over as the resident Halo champion in the house, so I gracefully retired. Oh, dude, look at this. I love this. The Ghostbusters uh booth over here. It's got some coloring book pages, some fun pick opportunities. It's the Midland Empire Ghostbusters. And what's weird is we just walked past Ernie Hudson over in the celebrity area. And Ernie Hudson had a very interesting thing. Oh, look. It's raise a cult books back here. Ooul cults books. What am I saying? Oult books. Ernie Hudson had kind of an interesting thing going where he'll sign your 8x10 with movie quotes. The shorter the quote, the cheaper it is. And they had like samples printed out over there. I wish I could show you, but I was like, that's kind of genius. If he has to sit there and write like, you know, 25 words for somebody, they're going to pay for the privilege of holding up the line. Look at this. Wizards wear wands. This guy's dealing with the supernatural. But the Ghostbusters are right across the aisle. They can keep an eye on that guy. This is cool, too. I saw this last year and I was very, very impressed. Look at this finest. A G.I. Joe costume club. That is something I had never really seen before. Not to this scale over here. People are getting so nostalgic for the 80s. They're even cosplaying as G.I. Joe characters. You didn't grow up with G.I. Joe. You missed out. Love all this. Look at all this technology right here. Having done a couple of conventions myself, I can tell you it is a pain to lug this stuff into a hall and deal with all the setup, but I love seeing the Cobra banner up there. D check out these masks right here. That is so freaking cool. Oh, dude. And then look at this. Right across the way, look at all the droids. We were seeing some of these droids just roaming the convention center this morning as things were being set up. Looks like they're all gathering together. We're making last minute adjustments, removing the restraining bolts or applying them. Okay, before I go on talking about anything else, look at this. The Just Us League over here. Look at all these Marvel characters hanging out in the hallway. They are ready for the crowds to enter, which by the way, they just now started. The escalators are working. People are coming. It is all going down. Hello, everybody. Look at that. They're ready. I was going to say I've always wanted to go back and reacquire all my 1980s G.I. Joe's I had when I was a kid, but that is the one area of action figure collecting I've never dived into because they've gotten really expensive lately. The nostalgia for Joe goes hard. And look at this right across the street. Look at the freaking Predator cosplay booth. This is just one little part of it. This is just the backside of it. Look at the size of the fun photo op. A what a fun one. I got to tell you, there's a lot of really cool cosplay out there, but there's nothing more like ominous and just unsettling than somebody in full Predator gear walking around a convention. Weirds me out, especially when I see their human eyes inside of the masks. And look at this. Appropriately right next door to the Predator, we've got an aliens photo op. And it looks like the aliens have already been busy at work. This lady's gone down. Oh, she's got a face hugger on her. Dude, that first movie, Alien. So good. The sequel, one of the greatest sequels ever made. Aliens. Just put that dollar sign next to it. Love when the cosplay group set up like these elaborate photo ops like that. Love that. This Casey Predators costumeuming group. Then back over to the droids over here. Let's see what's going on. Oh, I love the GK droid. Look at that. Same thing with Astrome, dude. always wanted to own a fully armed and operational R2 unit. Unfortunately, they are quite pricey to build and there are people who will build them for you for a lot of money. Or you could do it yourself, which is what most people do because they kind of pride themselves, right, on on doing the build yourself. That is a big time and money commitment. And at least from my perspective, it's something it's a hobby that you kind of have to have brains for. That's one thing I was born without, sadly. Okay, I saw this earlier. Forged in foam by Bruce Holt. Look at these amazing costumes right here. I particularly love the samurai armor of every different flavor over here made out of leather and suede and everything else. It takes some serious talent to create things like this. They have all sorts of costumes, but for some reason I'm just really drawn to and impressed by the samurai armor over here. Here you have a little bit of Legend of Zelda samurai action. I've seen a few like samurai Darth Vader crossovers before, but I've never seen a Legend of Zelda samurai warrior in my life. That is awesome. And right next door, we got Jeff Sison special effects. He just told us to touch this tongue right here. That is the most realistic gross wet feeling. Why does it feel wet? That is Oh, that is gross. They've come a long way from the vinyl masks of my childhood. I'm not a big zombie fan in general, but I really love that. More of a mummy. Kind of look. Is that a mummy? A zombie? A ghoul? What would we call that? Dude, that tongue. That's going to bother me all day that I touched that. I was definitely not the first person to think of this, but when my brother got that first Harry Potter book when it came out and read it, I called all the Harry Potter fans Potter heads. And I remember some Harry Potter fans used to get annoyed, but now you got the Kansas City Potter heads right over here. Little Harry Potter cosplay action going on. Then right across the aisle from them, you got the walking and rolling costumes over here. Another charity that creates one of a kind costumes free of charge. So the kids with mobility issues can come and cosplay and enjoy conventions like this in serious style. Look at the Ecto one. That is so That's so cool. I want to sit in that. I love it. I love it. She's waiting for someone to come take her flame right there. She's just waiting so patiently. I always say it's the cosplayers that make the conventions and it's so true. Like look at this. A cling on Kapla Kapla. >> And of course then the OGs of cosplaying the 51st Legion Epic Star Wars cosplayers. And look who they brought out to the show this time. Freaking C3PO is here. Come on. >> That is incredible, guys. Got the voice down. C3P, not a fast walker, but look at that. He's got the silver leg and everything. Oh, THERE'S HIS BUDDY R2. My heart, dude. I don't I don't usually get starruck, but when I see C3PO and especially when I see these two together, I cannot help getting a little star struck and a little misty hits me right in the guts. Dude, I 100% got a fun pick with C3PO. Did you know he's fluent in over 6 million forms of communication? Look at this. Right next to him, the Mandalorian have recaptured Han Solo. Ah, Pudoo. There are so many epic helmets and masks across the way. And also something I really enjoyed seeing last year. In fact, I was over here with Chris Bartlett when he came to see it. Chris Bartlett is the modern man behind the C3PO suit, the freaking epic custom Jaba the Hut. We got to meet his creator last year. That is a thing of beauty and a joy forever. Look at the giant Rancor hand bursting out of the Rancor pit for a fun pick opportunity. They look like Fay Ray in there. Dude, that is a freaking fun one. And if you had asked me when I was 16, I would be like, I 100% want my living room to look like this. Look at the moving tongue. Jaba, no bother. OH, LOOK AT THAT. A little smoke just puffed out of the little frog bowl right there. Jabba's hungry. Jaba's always hungry. Look at that, man. Everybody wants to climb in that hands. John over here that built it. I love the tongue, John. It's It's my favorite part. I can't get over the tongue. I want to dress up in that little metal bikini and come take a picture later. All right, more and more guests are coming on to the show floor, including this guy. He's a Twinkie. He's the Twinkie kid. I love that. Oh, and then look at this. The Star Wars photo ops are being populated. Look how amazing this freaking cosplay is. Cad Bane over there. Looks pretty freaking good. I love that little tip of the hat to you as well, my friend. Then look at this. the queen mother of all the cosplayers. >> Queen Amadala looks amazing. And look at that. Little bulbs on the dress are lit up. Incredible. I have to say I have been getting far more nostalgic for episode 1 than I ever thought I would be back in the day when it first came out and mystified us all. Mostly that era, right? like going to Taco Bell and all the cup toppers and just how many different promotions there were and how stoked we were and how the Star Wars community. Felt like it was together back then. Just a collection of weird rogues and nerds. Back in those days, it was so rare to see a stormtrooper. The 50irst definitely existed, but it was just so rare, at least in my world, to see Stormtroopers. Oh, that's awesome. The Stormtrooper has seen me before. I hope I'm not in trouble. Okay, good. Oh. Oh, I would love to get I would love to get in the picture. Aren't you guys enemies, though? That's weird. Oh, your imperial majesty. It's good to see you again. >> Yes. >> Yes, I have. I'm very scared. I want this fun pick, don't I? Oh, look at that. We took a sick pic together. But Luke was photobombing us the whole time. He's sneaking up to finally seek his ultimate revenge. Luke had just one question for Yoda. Is Darth Vader my father? And I just have one question for Luke. Is Emperor Palpatine >> your grandfather? Still unclear. unclear to me. Inquiring minds want to know though. That is so freaking awesome. I just met the Emperor of the Galaxy. Oh, sir. I'm sorry about Aldderon. I'm so sorry, dude. Right across the way. Look at the shies of the line for the official Planet Comic-Con merchandise. Something I did not indulge in last year. I'd love to get a Planet Comic-Con shirt at some point today. You know what else I wanted to do last year and did not do? I wanted to get myself 3D printed, but I think the deal is you get scanned in there and then they 3D print you like this. And look how good they look now. I mean, the 3D printing is getting out of control. Insane good. But you notice you don't see any printers here. I think what they do is they scan you here and then they mail you the 3D print. I never thought of myself this way, but I guess I'm one of those instant gratification guys cuz every time I remember that, I'm like, "Ah, I'll do it later." But I had a weird birthday this year. 2 days ago on my birthday, we were just on a plane all day. Hey, I kind of did that on purpose, though. So, Ally couldn't do a party for me or anything like that like she normally wants to do. So, she's looking around. I know she's going to try and get me a present. I hope it's not one of these, though. I don't even know what this is. Oh, I found out this very colorful wizard right here is explaining. It's like a raffle, but an instant raffle. And this is the prize wall. Everyone's a winner, dude. And I'm a winner right now because I finally found a booth with vintage toys. Look at freaking Simon right there. I love seeing the Hannah Barbara characters. Oh, look at that. The little people Sesame Street right there. And in the back, I can already see my favorite action figure of all time, the Toy Biz Batman and the 1989 Toy Biz Batmobile. Not the one outside the box. The one outside the box is the Kenner one. One of my other favorites. This is what the Toy Biz one looks like out of the box. Oh, memories. Look at that. They got the big gym Kung Fu Studio. They got the AT-AT or Adat, whatever you prefer up there. And then oh from the '90s. And then look at the vintage Ewoks and the Return of the Jedi speeder bike. The land speededer. I've got one, but I don't have the box. I would love to have the box. What do you got? >> The invisible. >> The invisible man. Ooh, I recently acquired the Playmates Bridge playset. I had one of these communicators back in the '90s. I'd love to get another one. I had this right here. Adam Woo actually bought it from me. I don't know what ever happened to it, though. Definitely have the Enterprise. And I still have my shuttle crab in my office. Oh no, Ally discovered the MIGO. Young Frankenstein guys. And look at this rarest of them all. The thing I want the most. Crash Dummies. I was Gaga for Crash Dummies when these came out. Ah, they've got Skid the Kid. Skid the Kid. Oh, look at that. There's Indiana Jones. They have the Kairo swordsman. We just need Salah over here. Get John to sign it. Dude, there's so much good stuff in here from my childhood. But I think the greatest action figure of all time. You can all agree. Key AI Monday. And it's signed. Oh, and then look at this. This is timely. Look at this. They've got Froto and Sam. They're both going to be here this weekend. Don't worry if we're not moving quickly enough. We got three days out here at Planet Comic-Con. So, it's worthwhile to pace ourselves. See all of the art. Look at this. Ewacats.com. Cat art that warms your heart. Oh, I remember Claws. Great flick. Riddle me this though, Batman. Who the heck is this guy? Man, dude, I'm seeing a lot more secondhand and vintage toys this year. Impressive. Most impressive. Oh, also, by the way, look at this. Shout out to Tink over here. They helped me get my badge for this convention. At least the one I'm using today. There are so many mystery boxes over here. Here. There's Marco holding down the fort, packing in some calories before things get too crazy. Dude, they always have good stuff, especially in the plush department. But look at this. They got some freaking fuzz heads out here this year. They got a bunch of ghouies plush. And then look at freaking Tommy Pickles holding reptar. They got Bender Hypno Toad. They got some Care Bears down there. A little Muppets action. I love the little the little lone reptar. You can get a little reptar. Look at little Halloween Pac-Man guys. You got bat Pac-Man and you got pumpkin Pac-Man. But more importantly, look at all the freaking Pac-Man ghosts. I love that. That Vintage Toy booth we were looking at a little while ago is called Back in Time. They have a store here in Kansas City, which I did not know. I know. Do not adjust your television. That is not the real Jack Black. They also have comics out here. It's always nice to see comics at a comic book convention. Which reminds me, one to keep my eyes open for some Don Rosa comics. I could always get Don to sign some more of his books. Just remember those are the Scrooge McDuck comics from the Gladstone era. That that time period right there. Not DuctTales. Totally different thing. What was the other thing? There was Oh, and then this year for the first time ever, Roosevelt's supposedly has a booth out here. It's where I buy all my button-up shirts from. So, I'm in trouble if I find that booth, but I want to find it. You know what I mean? It's good trouble. They're a bit pricey, but they're pricey cuz they're worth it. They're beautiful, buttery, soft, and nobody wants to see me naked. So double worth it. Dude, there's so many good vendors this year. Got all your classic cosplay weaponry and of course costumes and masks galore. I was looking at all the kiss masks up there and some of the other various autramama including Batman over here and then I noticed these plush face huggers and the little chest bursters right here. Not to mention the Mwai. I think my favorite Hey, it's Dilbert up there next to Staple. I think my favorite might just be the Jaw Shark. There he is. Bruce the Mask. All right, I'm keeping my eyes open for Scrooge McDuck comics. Rare in America, but huge in Europe. I'm not even kidding. Convention is definitely picking up steam. More and more people are flooding in. More and more cosplayers. This is just Friday. Friday is nothing compared to Saturday and Sunday. It gets pretty freaking wild in here. Oh, dude. I have never seen that before. Look at the Muppet Show blanket. Oh, the rebel troop transport. Couple of dinosaurs back here. Yeah, I thought I'd redecorate. Couple of throw pillows. A TV news reporter. What do you think? Ah, here we go. The work of Don Rosa. Ally found it for me over here. This is the best. This is what you want to get signed out here. Don doesn't sell them himself. Have to grab a couple of these to complete my library. Let's have the fun of Planet Comic-Con. Don Rosa doesn't show up just anywhere. Dragon Con, I think he does here. couple in Canada I know of. But uh it's a rare sighting on the west coast for sure to see Don Rosa. So since I'm winning in Rome, you know, dude, there's a lot of very cool signed movie memorabilia over there, including a little uh portrait from Tombstone of Val Kilmer right up there. Nicely framed. 800 bucks. I love Val Kilmer in that movie. He is definitely my huckleberry. But I have a signed piece of artwork created by Val that I bought from him years ago. Oh, it's Batman like spray paint stencled spray painted on this big piece of metal and he sold these magnetic frames to put them in. I never bought the magnetic frame which I regret now cuz there's not a lot of magnetic frames perfectly sized. So, the pieces of metal he would sign. Okay, I don't know what these are, but I do know that this corn puppet is amazing. And look at this. It's like the old McDonald Land commercials. That's incredible. You wanted that corn, didn't you? >> Yeah. I know you want that corn. All right, I still haven't found Roosevelt. So, I guess I got a couple days to find them. But, you know, they're going to sell out of all those sweet kunu flex shirts. And since I've got these heavy books in my hand, we might as well head back to Don Rosa. Get him to sign these now if he's not too busy. Oh my gosh. I just turned down this aisle to head back towards Don Rosa. And look at this. I found it. They say, "Seek and ye shall find." Sometimes you find without seeking. Look at that. Right when you stop seeking, bam, it hit you in the face. I got to see what's exclusive for Kansas City. They got meat cuts. They got Superman over here. They got some That's just for today. Then they have some event exclusives down here. Look pretty good. Oh my gosh. Freaking Mega Man. Look at this freaking Mega Man shirt. Then they've got another Muppet shirt. Very similar to what I've already got, but I could always use a spare. There is always good stuff at Roosevelt. There's a lot of companies kind of doing the same thing now, but it's the way they fit. They fit just perfect. And the fabric, dude, the fabric is like next level. I never thought I'd be talking about being a fan of fabric. Now I feel weird. Anyway, there goes my whole birthday budget. That's all right. By the way, you see these old school Lord of the Rings toy biz figures over here. I had all of these in these round boxes from Fellowship of the Ring. Actually, if you have the extended edition DVD, my name is in the credits because I was a member of the fan club before the movie even launched. I had all the Fellowship figures and I was deep into the Two Towers figures before I had to sell off my whole collection. But today we bought the Froto and the Sam figure earlier. They were going for a very good price in the box. Hopefully we'll get those signed cuz Sean Aston and Elijah Wood are here. Not Elijah Woods. He's not here this weekend. And if we can stand the line, if we can brave it, it'd be cool to have at least those two signed. Come on. Mikey from the Goonies and then that kid from Back to the Future part two. Dude, that is so freaking cool right there. All right, Ali is getting to Roosevelt shirt. They did have the Mega Man shirt in a large. I know what I'm wearing tomorrow. Oo, look at that. Speaking of going to Don Rose's booth, look at freaking Darkwing Duck right there. And Jarth looking amazing at this. This art is so nice. That is the nicest art of all the art. By the way, gang. Oh, look at that. The Scooby gang. By the way, the Disney Legends ceremony this year. What's up with Jim Cummings not being nominated as a Disney legend? He's freaking Darkwing Duck and Wendy the Pooh and other stuff. A lot of stuff. They should get my friend Brett Iwin in there, too. He's the voice of Mickey Mouse. Even if you're the voice of Mickey Mouse for 5 minutes, I think you're a legend. And if Disney appreciated the greatest comic books of all time, they should be adding Don Rosa to that list as well. Well, he's a legend to me and always will be. I love that he spends a lot of time with each person who comes to see him. He signs his work for free. So, he'll sign those Scrooge books for free. He sells prints out here. So, if you ever see Don Rosa, buy some of his prints, help support him, and keep him in your thoughts and prayers cuz his wife sadly passed away at the end of last year, which is a real bummer. I think Don's one of the nicest guys ever. Don't tell him I said that, though. In Europe, he gets lines that are days long just to go and see Don Rosa. That's how big the Scrooge comics are there. And in America, they are like chronically underappreciated. Super under the most underrated comics ever in the US. Even though people like Gary Curts and George Lucas and Steven Spielberg were inspired directly by the Scrooge stories for things like Star Wars, Indiana Jones, some of the most creative people, you know, ah, Figment, the Dreamfinder, some of the most creative people, you know, were very much inspired by those Scrooge comics going all the way back to their creator, Carl Barks, whose grave we visited last year, by the way. Believe it or not, those duck stories are just some of the most epic adventures you will ever read. Speed of reads, >> look at that, dude. Look at that. That is like a two scale Froto. He looks so good. I almost want to ask him to sign my action figure. It's perfect. This is the art of Patrick Hart, man. Look at that. This stuff is amazing. Oh, look at that. Perfect. Because Bruce Dickinson is here. Oh, maybe I should get Eddie signed. Look at that. All right. That is awesome. Okay, this stuff is sick. And look at Pee-Wee. They also had a perfect Bill Shatner back there. Shatner is here. Shatner is in the building this weekend, by the way. Look at this freaking IG12 with Grou. Amazing. Met him at Fanex in Salt Lake City last year. Nice fella. He will be here this weekend as well. All right. You got all kinds of people from Twilight back here. Ernie Hudson, like I mentioned, Funky, what's her face? Is it funky Jansen? I always I can never pronounce her name. John Reese Davies. Bruce Dickinson. There's so many people here. Dean from Gilmore Girls. Allie's very excited about that. Superman from Smallville. What's his name? I'm never good with names. Anyway, we didn't complete our mission earlier for John Reese Davies. So, I've got a package to deliver him. I'll be right back. Oh no, look at this. Behind the celebrity photo ops. Where will we get fresh tenders AND FRIES NOW? ALL RIGHT. The eagle has landed. The package has been delivered. I've done my duty. Look at this. I wasn't expecting this. The tiki bar. And look at the tiki mug. There's some sick tiki mugs. I know. Spike marble once one of these right there from Spikes Tiki Breezeway. Tiki cocktail hour. Breezeway, dude. All right. So, what we're going to do now, because it's only the first day of the show, Ally and I are going to wander around a little bit, get our bearings. If anything interesting happens, we'll clue you in. But as long as this adventure has been already, we've seen like 2% of the show floor. I got to say, part of the reason I'm here, just like last year, is I'm very much considering showing up to these things either with a booth like I was planning this year or I guess I could sit behind the table. We have to figure that one out. I was thinking about it last year. Then I kind of went off the idea. And then when my friend passed away and I just saw how many thousands and thousands of people just were like, I never got a chance to meet him. And I keep meeting these people who are like their hearts were broken cuz they never got a chance to meet him. and he would have never done one of these because he didn't uh he had a hard time with it. He considered it, then he would back out, consider it, back out. He wanted to do a whole free series. Then he was like, "Maybe I just do it the normal way." They said, "Nah, maybe I never do it and I just disappear from the internet, retire one day." He would go back and forth. I love meeting people who watch Random Land. I really enjoy that. I enjoy like being able to go somewhere and give them my time. You have to sell stuff, but it gets you to other towns where you can film some adventures and be able to have some facetime with people. You know, maybe I've something I was considering a lot. I'd gone off the idea, like I said, but when I consider that it's a a good way to go to different regions and have everybody know where you're going to be and when and all that kind of stuff in a fun and safe environment, it's something I'm strongly considering again now cuz most of the time I don't even know where I'm going to be. You know what I mean? So, if I could let people know when and where and all that kind of it's just something I'm thinking about and I've taken some meetings on the subject and one of the people that I'm talking to happens to be here, so we'll go deal with that, too. I don't know why I'm telling you all this stuff other than to say that's what we're going to do for a little bit. We'll catch back up with you in a little while. So many good cosplays at the convention this year. We just stepped outside to get a little bit of coffee. By the way, this guy has been out here drumming all day. He loves to drum and drum. Boba Fett. Boba Fett. Where? By the way, we just walked to the car right now so I could get my copy of Don Rosa. I still get chills. This is the book about Don Rosa here. It's a very big fat heavy book, so you can see why I didn't want to carry it around earlier. And between us and the parking garage is this, the Kirk building, not named after William Shatner, but a famous building nonetheless. I filmed this last year when I was roaming around filming Walt Disney locations in Kansas City cuz as you can see right here on this historical plaque. It was here in 1920 that Walt Disney began his career in animation working for the Kansas City Slide Company. Phil Kirk purchased and renovated the structure. That's why it's named after Kirk. For all I know Phil Kirk changed his name to honor Captain Kirk. So maybe there is a connection. I'll ask Shatner tomorrow. Just walking around in the bowels of the convention center now downstairs as we reenter. Look at this stage right here. Not a lot going on down here today. It's much busier Saturday and Sunday. It's the Pez stage. There's some uh people hula hooping up there. I was more captivated by this balloon art. I could like uh carve a tiki mask out of wood, but I could never work in balloons. They would pop all over the place for me. I never noticed last year that there were food trucks down here. I didn't wander around downstairs too much. They've got Indian food. They've got Hawaiian food. Others, and more importantly, they've got coffee. Ah, and now time to take that big old book back up to the show floor and wrangle Don Rosa into signing my stuff. Thank you for holding that book. If we can ever get to him, Don Rosa is a very popular choice this year. Okay, somebody won the big book contest. Somebody brought an even bigger book than I did. >> Dang it. I thought I was going to win. Don's been pretty busy over here, but it was awesome because somebody brought the big cash in Donald Duck book, the ultimate Donald Duck history. We got to watch Don actually drawing Donald Duck in the book cuz there's a big section about Don Rosa and Uncle Scrooge. Pretty amazing to watch the master at work. And then, of course, he showed us the section inside where they featured the comic books that inspired Raiders of the Lost Arc. And of course, had to correct some misconceptions. I was in Orlando at a show and a guy uh good-looking athletic guy came in and he wanted to buy some prints because he was the star of the Indiana Jones uh uh adventure uh scene. No, the one in Disney World. >> Oh, Adventure Theater. >> Oh, yeah. >> He played Indiana Jones and he did the part where the boulders rolling down, right? And he said, and he knows that came from a Carl Mark story about the seven cities. He said, "Oh, yes, you did. I read it on the internet." >> And I said, "You uh you pull up on the latest iPhone like everybody but me has." And I said, "Look up the prize of Bizaro." And somehow >> And then he took he found the whole story on the one. And he looked he says, "You're right." He's I've been telling people for years it came from >> everyone always says that the seven cities of Savola is where they took raiders from but it's the prize of Pizaro. It still came from Scrooge though. >> Oh yes. >> But they have the completely wrong that there's no similarity between uh this one except it was a it was a movie trap called Treasure Hunt. >> I love that. >> But he's got that. >> Okay. Nikki and Aaron just found me in front of Dawn's booth. Check out what somebody's giving away here for free to woos. I didn't see this at the show. I've got to find that purse. That is so cool. Thank you for showing me that. Oh, dude. I saw that coming a mile away. And all I can hear now is the song in my head. You guys know what I'm talking about, right? The freaking shredder is here. Oroku Saki. All right, we stepped away from the Don Rosa booth for a little while. Look at the CBD for pets booth and their mascot. >> Who's cosplaying? That's Grou. >> Oh my gosh. Somebody wants a treat. Like, why aren't these for me? Why are these not my treats? Look at this. We got another little cosplayer down here. Okay, there are more dogs than I was expecting at this convention. I was expecting some dogs, just not this many. >> Oh, yeah. Oh yeah. To Oh no, look at this. Some xenomorphs. Oh, watch out. They'll get the drop on you. I was not expecting that. I should have been earlier in context when I saw the predator all tied up and being sacrificed. Look at that. Help feed the aliens. Leave them a tip. I would, but I'm too frightened. Don had a little rush, so we put my books to the side for a second. We were going to walk away for a mission. I wanted to go see the booth that was giving away those little Adam the Woo prints, but we keep seeing amazing things as we walk around. Like I keep saying, this is just Friday. They gave us the booth number. Supposedly, it's on aisle 2000 somewhere. Wait, I do see some artists down at the other end. Anyone giving away tributes like that about my friend I have to appreciate. What in the world? Lord. Yeah, there's a couple of artists down here. I don't know if it's going to be at the anime lady booth or the superhero booth. We're trying to feel it out. I think I figured it out right here. Lacader and Young because I see it. I see it right there. >> Oh, the tribute. I came to find you because someone had this right here and I was like, "Oh my god." Did you do that? >> Yes. >> Oh my gosh. Miss >> Oh no. That's amazing. So, I wanted to paint this and just give them out for free. >> That is so awesome. >> Oh, thank you. Thank you so much for doing this. Somebody came and tried to give me one. I was like, "No, where did you get it from?" And I wanted to just come and see it. That is so That is like perfect. I love when people are making stuff and giving it away. That's like so Adam. It's like the most Adam thing ever. Will you hold it FOR ME? HEY, JACK. >> HEY, >> JACK. NOT NAME. >> JACKUM. Look at Sweden, dude. That is so cool. Did you make that? >> Uh, no. I was born this way. >> Okay, that's amazing. I love that. Oh, that is so cool right there. Lasser and young. That made my whole day seeing someone just capture that spirit, right? I just so cute. Just giving those away. Kansas City, you know, one friend I'll I'll never get away from in a good way. It's just, you know, he touched so many lives in so many places. This is what I was talking about earlier. Like there are so many people just all over the world who are still grieving, still mourning him and never even got a chance to meet him, you know. And I think I think if he had known I don't know, you know. So then when I run into people who are like, I've always wanted to meet you, I'm like, oh. So, just sorting through options. Sorting through options to make myself more available. It's hard on road trips, you know, I'm filming. I got to run around here, there, edit, but uh maybe there'll be some pre-planned things. I'm just I'm distracted right now by Power Rangers toys. It's helping me not to cry. Got to look at some toys so I don't cry. Anyway, the show's almost done now. We're going to go park ourselves by Don Rosa for a little while longer. We'll look at some more of this gruesome stuff tomorrow. Ah, Jim Hansen sighting. >> Hello. Hi. >> Oh, Kermit. I just saw Swedoms like 5 seconds ago. >> Where did he go? >> He's He went that way. He went to Hollywood. >> Oh, Hollywood. >> Yeah, he's going to make millions of people happy. You should join him. >> Oh, I'll have to go look for it. >> All right. See you, Kermit. >> Let me see. How can I top that? A Zul sighting. A Zul sighting. Okay, that's how Zul I don't think there's that much more we could accomplish today without making this video 3 hours long. So, I think we're going to call it here. Johnny Depp, >> I love your wine. Thank you. >> He really does like his wine. And good thing we did cuz it was a lot of talking and not much else that happened. And now we've done our duty. Got our Don Rosa stuff signed. Some other stuff signed for friends. Going to come back tomorrow. There will be more. Planet ComicCon. But for now, it's time to hotel and sleep well. See you next time. Heat. Heat. I forgot to say earlier the things I'm supposed to say. I'm supposed to tell you about how we have a merch store and we have hot sauce for sale and I've just made a bargain with the empire to be able to produce some more hot sauce. So, we're going to have it in stock for a while and we've got hats and we got I'm supposed to tell you all that stuff and about Patreon. I don't feel like it though. My dogs are barking. You're the man now, dog. You know what I mean? My dogs. So, you can just check out the links down below. Does anyone look at those? Does anyone ever look down below the description the links or some people say the show notes? Does anyone look at them or are they just looking at my dogs? Does anyone look at those things? >> I don't know. >> Okay. >> Is that good enough? >> Yeah. >> Okay. I'm tired. Help me.
