---
video_id: IjVkVpOOFbU
channel: JustinScarred
title: "The Weinermobile! The Oscar Mayer Weinermobile near Route 66!"
published: 2026-02-14
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IjVkVpOOFbU
---
Yes. Yes. Finally, bucket list item achieved. We're back in Glendor, California, sitting here in front of the Walmart off Auto Center Drive Tribe. And that thing right there is the Oscar Meyer Wiener Mobile. I have been traveling the highways and byways of America for 27 years. And although I've seen the Oscar Meyer Wii mobile coming the opposite way down the highways and freeways on numerous occasions, including once very recently in Georgia, literally just about a month ago, I have never got up close and personal with an Oscar Meyer Wii mobile. Dude, this is so freaking cool. A line started forming right away with the Wii mobile parked on the side of the road here, right in front of Walmart. Imagine coming to get your groceries and you're like, "What the heck is that?" Yes, dude. Believe it or not, the Oscar Meyer Wiener Mobile has been cruising the country for 90 years. This thing has been an American roadside staple since 1936. Obviously, not this particular wiener mobile. The idea originated with Carl Meyer, Oscar Meyer's nephew, as a rolling advertisement during the Great Depression years. Wasn't a lot of money being made. wasn't a lot of money being spent. Hot dogs were a cheap, economical alternative to your other deli meats or going to the butcher. If they were going to pry away precious and rare American dollars during the depression in the preWorld War II years, you had to grab the public's attention. And I think this did it. Look at the license plate. Says Oscar Meyer. It's got a California plate. Originally, I believe the Wii mobile just cruised around Chicago. But after gas rationing ended after World War II in the 1950s, not only did the Oscar Meyer Wiener Mobile get a major redesign, and it's continued to get redesigned over and over throughout the years, but that's when it started cruising all around America, becoming an American roadside legend. Now, as you can see, the line is quite long to get in front of the wiener mobile and take your fun pick, which these nice gals just did for me. And although there's no cap on the number of people who can come to the parking lot and gaze upon its wiener glory, apparently when the line gets to a certain length, they have to close the wiener mobile door and stop letting people poke their heads and see the interior of the wiener, which for the moment is the case. I'm hoping to stick my head in there later if the line dies down a little bit. I believe this current Wiener Mobile uh generation was constructed in 2004, maybe. I mean, the wiener design is timeless, but you look at these very 1990s looking what, GMC Malibu headlights or something like that, and it kind of gives away the era in which this thing was redesigned and built. I'm sure it's had upgrades uh in the body and in the mechanical aspects throughout the years. Look at this giant hot dog right on the dashboard. Check out that bubble windshield. How cool is this? Every once in a while, someone will send me some kind of Facebook post or article about how Oscar Meyer will be looking for wiener mobile drivers and usually college students will get paid a certain amount of money per year, but then also get, you know, a certain PDM to buy food as they travel around. And I'm assuming all the free hot dogs you can eat. I love that it has US Department of Transportation sticker on there from Craft Food Groups, Inc. I can see I can just kind of make out through the window that it's got uh the Oscar Meyer Wii mobile even on the armrest. I've never really wanted an RV. I mean, they're kind of big and cumbersome to move around and to park, but looking in there, I have to tell you, I would love to drive the Oscar Meyer Wii mobile. Now, as you can see, the head, no, no, no, no. The tip, no, the front of the Wii is a little shorter than the rear. The rear of the Wii mobile is 11 ft tall. exactly 2.2 alleys tall, but according to the sign here in front of the Wii mobile, that's exactly 24 hot dogs high. And I have to assume that they actually physically worked that out. And look at this. According to the sign, the handy dandy sign here, it's 27 ft long, which translates to 60 hot dogs, 8 ft wide, which translates to 18 hot dogs, and it weighs 14,050 lb, which translates to the weight of 140,500 hot dogs. That's a lot of meat. That's a lot of wieners. I love how down here it says grilled fiberglass hot dog resting on a lightly toasted grilled bun. And the sign also says that it runs on high octane mustard. It also has a ketchup walkway and a removable bun roof. Not to mention supposedly an Oscar Meyer wiener jingle horn. Okay, I'd love to hear that horn. I got to ask one of these ladies if I get the chance. Now, the Oscar Meyer Wii mobile doesn't just look cool. It doesn't just show up and roll up for people to get fun picks with. I mean, how many people just had a camera on them in the 1940s or 50s, right? But it also has classically handed out either free samples or coupons. In fact, just a second ago, I got handed a whole grip of Oscar Meyer wiener coupons. Oh, wait. They're good for any Oscar Meyer product. Save $1. They also handed me and everybody else this super handy dandy Oscar Meyer Wii mobile sticker, which I am certainly going to stick on my van. But as we all know, the greatest gift a wiener can bestow is something Oscar Meyer introduced in 1952. Originally only handed out if you saw the Wii mobile or came to some other kind of Oscar Meyer setup or promotion at a fair or something like that. I'm talking about Oscar Meyer's greatest invention next to the Wii mobile itself, the one and only Oscar Meyer weenie whistle. And you knew I was going to say it the whole time. Look at the size OF THAT WIENER. IT'S GARGANTUAN. But then look at the size of this wiener. This wiener is tiny. They may not let you go for rides in the big wiener out here. But if you come and stand in line to see the wiener mobile, they will give you a tiny wiener which you can blow to your heart's content. There's a million ways to get Oscar Meyer weeny whistles today. I mean, eBay, just for a start, you could collect vintage ones. You could get some modern ones. I'm sure they do giveaways of all kinds these days that even though I've seen them in a million antique stores and at various places and I've been gifted a few. I have never purchased an Oscar Meyer weny whistle because I always hoped that one day somehow someway I would see this huge rolling wiener for myself and the day has finally come. Why won't you blow? Dude, I love that beneath the Oscar Meyer logo there's a window right there screened in. Man, I love the bubble front. This might be the most fun thing I've ever done or seen on a random day like this. I saw the Oscar Meyer Wiener Mobile in Georgia coming the other way down the highway. Like I said, just a couple of weeks ago when I was cruising up to Dalton, Georgia to see my friend Tyler Evans. I saw it barreling down the other way. It came way too fast for me to turn around or find an exit to turn around and catch up with the Wii mobile. And since 1999 when I started touring the country in bands, I've seen it maybe five or six times in all that time in all those miles crossing and crisscrossing all different parts of the country. Five or six times and always in that same scenario going the other way down the freeway. I am just loving the front of that wiener. And I love the front of the bun. Look at the headlights down there. The little smiling grill, the Oscar Meyer license plate. This is like the happiest, friendliest looking thing you could ever see in your rear view mirror. And speaking of rearview mirrors, the sandwich board does say in addition to the jingle horn, which I have not heard yet, that this wiener does have a backup camera. It's always a good idea to back up your wiener safely. I love that. In addition to these stickers and helping people take selfies with the wiener mobile and the weeny whistles, etc., they also have got these fun pick props down here on the ground. A few people have availed themselves of the opportunity to stick their head through a wiener there. And I love that they have the classic colors out here on the little Oscar Meyer tablecloth. And the two gals, the hot doggers who have been driving the wiener mobile around are wearing red and yellow uniforms. Classic Oscar Meyer colors. Amazing. I love it. There's people pulling over in fancy cars. You've got Girl Scouts over here that were selling cookies in front of Walmart. And whole families have been out here taking their pictures. And one of them just said, "Guys, you have to smile. This is our Christmas card this year. Nothing brings people together like a giant wiener on wheels and a free tiny weeny whistle." Now, the line has been pretty consistently busy, so I haven't had a chance to ask my one burning question, which is, is there a restroom on board that Wiener Mobile? Oh, look, the fun pics have come out. There they are. Look at that. You can be an Oscar Meyer lunch meat. You could be an Oscar Meyer wiener or a piece of Oscar Meyer bacon. And I don't think that's kosher bacon, so watch out. The other burning question, of course, I have is like, does the horn actually play the Oscar Meyer wiener jingle? Oh, I'd love to be an Oscar Meyer wiener. That is what I truly like to be. Of course, whenever I think of the Oscar Meer wener jingle, I always get it wrong. I usually my brain goes straight to uh the tune of Yankee Doodle Dandy. They're like, "Well, I wish I were an Oscar Meyer wiener." And I think that's cuz we had like a naughty playground song to that tune about the Oscar Meer Wiener, which I'm not going to try to remember the rest of. All right, the line is dwindling down for the moment. But as you can see, the Wii mobile is parked right up against the main road here, Auto Center Drive. So, there are plenty of people who are just catching glimpses of this and going, "Oh my gosh." And pulling over. I'm hoping for a peek inside of the Wii. And I'm also hoping I can get them to push that horn or at least dispel the myth. Now, the Wii mobile has been in Southern California for a few days. Yesterday, it was out in East Veil and Chino, California. I was going to attempt to go and see it out there, but of course, I had to give that update video about Adam the Woos Memorial. So, I was waiting with baited breath for the Wii mobile to appear elsewhere. I think they had another Chino appearance this morning, but I noticed that the Glendor appearance just off of Route 66, which is very close to here, went from 200 p.m. until 5:00 p.m. So, a 3hour stop for the Oscar Meyer Wiener Mobile versus a 1-hour stop pretty much everywhere else. Although, if you catch this in time, this thing is coming to Whittier, California, just across the street from the old Oceanic Arts building near King Richards Antiques, February 15th, I believe. So, the day after Valentine's Day. And nothing says Valentine's Day or happy Valentine's like this huge wiener. One of the only wieners I've ever been interested in other than the ones I saw in the museum at the Henry Ford/ Old Greenfield Village in Michigan. I just filmed those a couple of years ago when I was traveling cross country and another old rusty dusty van. There was one from the 90s, but there was also this one from the 1950s that blew me away. I'm just I just realized that there's this Ford dealership across the street over here. I can literally see like the gardeners just staring at the wiener mobile. I'm just thinking about the sales center right over there. People are trying people are trying to buy a new Bronco or whatever and they're staring across the street like, "Man, I wish I could get one of them wieners." This is the most fun you could possibly have. You get to say wiener over and over. It's kind of like when you go to the Hoover Dam and you can say damn over and over again and your mom can't do anything about it. >> Yeah, dude. That is crazy cuz the tip of the wiener is a little bit lower than the rear, the butt of the wiener. The butt of the wiener, 11 ft in the air. What's crazy is I think of 11 ft being a lot less than that. Look how tall that is. I mean, that goes way, way over my head. So, the rear of that thing is getting pretty close to the height of a big RV or not quite a semi-truck trailer, but pretty close. Pretty darn close. I mean, a semi-truck trailer is only like 2 and 1/2 ft taller than that thing. So, it's massive. Trust me. When you're rolling down the highway and you see that thing coming down the opposite way, it sticks out like a sore thumb, which is sort of what it looks like. You see what I'm saying? N. Okay. It looks more like a It's like a giant wiener. This is literally all I had planned for today. I cleared my entire schedule just to see the Oscar Meyer Wiener Mobile up close and personal. And if I find out about more stops that the Oscar Meyer Weiner Mobile is going to make in Southern California, I will do my best to be at those as well because I got to tell you, I'm standing in the presence of greatness right here. The freaking Wii mobile. I was just looking back at pictures I took of the 1950s Wiener Mobile in the Henry Ford. I don't think I took pictures of the 1990s ones. Those two wiener mobiles in the Henry Ford, as far as I can tell, are the only ones held in museums. It makes me wonder what happened to the 1936 original Wii mobile, if that exists still, or if there's any others in private hands. I've certainly never seen any others in museums or in anybody's collection or at car shows or anything like that. Just makes me wonder. Okay. A very friendly and very enthusiastic gentleman who did not want to be on camera, but was wearing an Oscar Meyer shirt in that told me that he believes there are some in private collections, but they are very rarely ever seen out in public. And that the only two he knows of in museums are in fact the ones that I saw at the Henry Ford. One from 95 and the one from the 1950s that I showed you pictures of and that we filmed when we were at the Henry Ford. Line continues to grow. No luck so far on peeking inside or hearing the horn. However, the chorus of Weeny Whistles continues to grow. All right, so Wener Mobile update. I did talk to the two hot doggers that are here. Apparently, that program of taking college students or college age people to become hot doggers across the country has only been a tradition since the late 1980s, but they've been going strong ever since then. There's been less than 500 people who have ever been invited to do so. Anyway, they said that when they leave at 5:00, which is still an hour and a half from now, they will try to blow the horn for me. Yes. To be honest with you, I wasn't planning on being out here with the Wii mobile for the entire 2 hours, but hey, I'll take it. Anyway, while waiting, I just rolled up on my van and I noticed, look at this guy's got this old Chevy van right across the parking lot. A Kindred Spirit over here. The two Chevy vans. Look at this guy's driving the original. The old Chevy Greenbryer van. Look at that red stripe on there. It's got the red and white interior. Pretty freaking rad. I was like, "Yeah, man. I'm rocking the 93 over there." He He was not impressed. I was going to say earlier, the only thing we're missing out here is wiener dogs. But the little weeny sisters are here and their friend Roxy. And look at that. Even they had some stickers on them out here at the Wii mobile. So, we're having a wiener sticker fest. That's for sure. All right. The line is dwindling. >> Dwindling down a little bit. If we can get them to blow that horn soon. Look at that. Even more Wii dogs have come out of the Wii woodwork. All right, we're nearing the end. They're starting to pack up. The crowds have thinned out. Look at this. The Wiener Mobile has got a functional trunk where they're sticking those sandwich boards back in. I had a fun time listening in on some of the Hot Doggers conversations and talking about all the different states they visit. There are six different wiener mobiles cruising around the country right now, which makes it even more odd that I've never seen one up close and personal at one of its stops like this before. I did not participate in the fun pics. I did not put my head through the hot dog, which is my one regret. I wanted to stick my head in there and say, "Look, ma, I'm a wiener." But I guess I'll save that for the next Wii mobile stuff, cuz I wouldn't want Ally to miss out on seeing me do that. You know, make a fool of myself for fun. After all, that's the whole reason she likes me. Okay, they're packing up. They're putting all the wiener stuff away. Putting all the junk in the trunk. All right, this is it. They're almost done. It's almost over. 3 hours I've stood in this parking lot waiting for this moment. Look at this. I'm the last one left. I'm the only one psycho enough to wait till the end for the wiener horn. They are still packing up. Couple liloos keep pulling up at the last second hoping for weeny whistles, but the weeny whistles are all packed away. Any second now, I'm hoping to hear that sweet, sweet sound. By the way, I offered to help them pack up. Not allowed to do that. Apparently, that's official hot dogger business only. Those hot doggers are heroes. They stood out here for 3 hours in the sun handing out stickers and weeny whistles, taking fun pics. They've done their duty. Here they go. The hatch is opening. >> The hot doggers >> are climbing up. Couple last minute people have run up trying to get the last minute fun pick with the wiener mobile. Here they go. They're closing the hatch. Fingers crossed we're going to hear the horn. They know that's what I've been waiting for this whole time. Okay, here they go. >> Yes, that was amazing. I wasn't expecting it to actually be someone singing. All right, the hot doggers are in. They blew the horn again and off they go. >> That is amazing, dude. That is one of the coolest jobs you can have in the entire world. Well, we've done it. Sit in a parking lot for 3 hours staring at a wiener. But to be fair, the thing was huge. There were a couple of wrecks on the way here. So, it took me an hour and a half to get up here from Anaheim. Now, it's saying it's going to take me an hour and a half back. By the way, look at that. That is the weirdest, most awesome looking thing. Just seen it cruise down the street. The Wii mobile. Anyway, yeah. Now, because of traffic, cuz it's 5:00 right on the dot. Rough shower. It's going to take me a long time to get back. So, I'm just going to cruise up onto Route 66 over here for a second. Do a little recon mission. See what's going on. All right. Well, because I was sort of trapped by traffic up here, I decided to cruise down old Route 66 in the city of Glendor. We cruised down that before during our Route 66 series, but mostly the more modern 1930s alignment, which you will sometimes see on maps designated as Foothill Boulevard because there's a big huge Foothill boulevard. Um, that was a wider alignment of Route 66 going through many of the cities up here against the foothills. But if you look closely at the street signs in Glendora, that big foothill boulevard just says Route 66. While on the map, there's another smaller Foothill Boulevard. This one a little northwards of the main alignment of Route 66, coming right past the old Glendora City Hall. And right down here, crossing Glendor Avenue, which contains the last sort of solid vestage of the original Oldtown Glendor. So, Route 66 travelers on that original 1926 alignment, unless my memory is totally failing me, would have gone westward down this street towards Los Angeles towards LA back over this way. I believe there used to be a theater opened by the two McDonald brothers who also opened their original McDonald's or their original restaurant along Route 66's path and then later opened the first real McDonald's in San Bernardino, very close to Route 66. Oh yeah, look at this. the Mission Theater building. I believe was right across this pathway at one point. See, Richard and Maurice McDonald of McDonald restaurant fame operated the theater. Now, this is where Route 66 crossed Glendora Avenue. Glendor Avenue itself, I don't believe, was ever part of Route 66, although Route 66 moved around quite a bit, as you can see. Whereas the more modern suburban form of Glendor has taken over everywhere else up here up Glendora Avenue, you'll see a little bit of uh of old Glendor of the way things were. This old downtown is known locally as the village. And although there are many modern buildings and midcentury buildings up and down the street like this one right here, there are also a lot of heavily remodeled old sort of original buildings up here in the village, which definitely would have been the place to pull over if you were traveling through town on the old original Route 66 through all the orange groves and everything and past people's horse ranches if you were looking for a restaurant or a burger joint or somewhere to grab some clean water and a bite to eat. I'm sure that the village up here, even back in its 1920s form, would have definitely been an appealing stop. Honestly, in the surrounding neighborhoods, it was really easy to identify some 1920s old apartment buildings and 1920s houses. Here, because you can see kind of modern strip mall buildings, and you know, that's a definitely like ' 80s or '90s building over there. It's hard to tell what's actually old, like what predates uh the 1930s realignment of Route 66 and what would have been here originally. More research is required, which is exactly why I wanted to take this recon mission up here, cuz even though my friend Taylor used to live up in Glendor, I never actually came down to this part of it. I don't think I've ever walked up and down this street in my entire life. By the way, this is the old Pacific Electric Rideway. The red car used to come right through here. Apparently, there was a Pacific Electric station right across the street. You got to forgive me for slurring my words a little bit. I still haven't solved the whole dentist problem. But don't get me wrong, I went to a dentist. Everything was looking good. We did the X-rays. They diagnosed what was going to be the matter with me. But it was going to take some drilling. It's one of those fillings that's right on the line. Like, is it going to be a filling or is it going to be a root canal, which I absolutely cannot handle without some kind of calm you down medication. Dentists are my greatest fear and phobia. And uh the dentist called us back after we reschedled the next appointment and everything and said, "Oh, we can't prescribe you anything like that from this office." So, now we must find another dentist to go to. And God only knows how long that's going to take. I'm a little bit in dental limbo right now. Not a fun place to be, but I'm not in any pain. It's just crack, so it's annoying. You know, my tongue keeps getting stuck in my mouth and making me talk funny. I don't know if you can even tell. Maybe it's more of a feeling than an audible thing, but it's happening. Anyway, the Adam Memorial plans are coming together. Still a lot of work to do with that. It's very distracting and keeping everybody very busy. We're shipping a ton of hot sauce, so we've got piles and piles of hot sauce that we're finally shipping out. getting everybody's orders out. If you want some hot sauce, order quick while we have this batch in hand because it's going fast. And then whenever we reorder, there's a week or two gap until we get the next batch of of hot sauce. We're all It's all done in small batches, right? It's a little mom and pop operation. I'm the pop and Alli's the mop. We got signed books back in stock. There's a little delay over the weekend on getting hats, but we have the hats ordered, so they're back in stock. Uh they'll ship out next week. So, we're trying to get as much done as we possibly can before I'm off on my next road trip. Okay, look at this. The Converse building constructed 1905. That's the one with Nelson's drugs in it flickering over there across the street. Yes, it's flickering in real life. That's not just a camera trick right there. Says it's one of Glendor's oldest buildings. And then across the street the other way, the First National Bank over here was built in 1906. And upstairs contained the original opera house. It's funny because the fronts of these old historic buildings are hidden by the growth of these trees and obviously at some later point they were all covered up with stucco. So they just blend into the modern buildings. But it is funny that uh downstairs here in the old bank they've got a place called the village vault restaurant. I have no idea what's upstairs now in the old opera house. Maybe ghosts. See there you have the bank building. You can see a little bit through the trees there. Then next door to it is another old building called the Gem Building. Built in 1910, now home to the Diplomat downstairs. Again, mostly obscured by trees over there. But now you can get some uh sick Mediterranean food out in front. And then look at this building on the end of that same block. Imagine my surprise. I mean, I could tell just by looking at this building that it was older. Maybe 1930s, maybe 1920s would have been my guess. In fact, it goes back beyond that. This was the Matthews and Wamsley store circa 1905. It's housed many businesses including hardware stores and other stuff. Apparently, it had to undergo quite a bit of conversion to be turned into a restaurant. But it's still standing here. So, on the surface, you drive by and you think, oh no, mostly mid-century or ' 80s or '9s or even 2000s buildings. But you take a a little bit longer of a look, take a stroll down the street. Well, you can stroll. I'm going to walk briskly. And happily, there's a whole bunch of uh history to discover down here. Especially because the Glendora Historical Society has put so many of those signs I was just showing you back there. All up and down the street here in the village. Oh, check that out. Pretty sweet. Revved up coffee and classics. I don't hate it. Beer, wine, sandwiches. I like the traffic light. I like ratfink. And look at that. Come on, get to the chopper. Okay, different kind of chopper, but I think it still counts. Got some great old murals here. I'm kind of glad that I was trapped by traffic up here so I could take a walk around Glendor and explore some of the old downtown. Like I said, I spent a lot of time in this city at my friend Taylor's house. We used to call him Coolo Cool-O cuz he's so cool. So maybe I uh thought I knew all there was to know about Glendor, but it turns out there's a lot more left to be discovered. I've also never filmed up at the castle. If you know, you know. Never gotten permission to go and film up there on my own without being with a whole huge group. Something else that I would like to work on. I think I got to go down to historical society first and go talk to somebody. We applied to film in the pre-COVID times and were soundly rejected. So, they don't really allow that. So, we'll see what happens. So, if you know about that, keep it to yourself. Keep it mum. Mom's the word. Anyway, these statues really rock here. No, literally. Look at that. They rock. Does this one rock? This one also rocks. Oh, no. That one. Okay. Yes. Yes, he rocks. Bow to your sensei. Bow to your sensei. Never lower your eyes to an enemy. Yes. There we go. Some respect. Respect. Now crank kick them. Anyway, oh my gosh, there's so many more of them. I didn't notice when I was walking around before. Look at that. Anyway, as much as this rocks and as much fun as I'm having, I do need to head back home, eat some food, edit this video, and get ready for our next adventure, which may even include a second look at the Wii mobile. We'll see. In the meantime, friends, I appreciate you hanging out with me as I check something off my bucket list that has literally been on there forever and ever and ever. purchasing some of that uh hot sauce or merchandise that I told you about earlier would definitely help us out in the short term. But long term, what helps me the most to get back on to and stay on the road this year, later on this year as much as possible, including Route 66, traveling all over America for America 250 are watching all these weird adventures at home, sharing them with a friend, liking, subscribing, doing all those things, but also joining our Patreon, which is how those road trips are fueled. For the adventurers club tier and up, we offer something called the morning announcements. It's like a little vlog that happens sometimes, but it's mainly just a tip jar to fuel the show, keep the show on the road. Sometimes you got to hang back for a few months, let the budget build back up, and then hit the road, stay on the road for as long as humanly possible, which is my plan and my desire, especially even teasing myself with just a little taste of Route 66. I feel itchy all over, like I got to get out of here. In fact, I was going to hit the road again. I was only waiting to go to the dentist and now it looks like all those dentist appointments are going to have to be postponed till I can find a different dentist. Now all the plans are thrown up in the air. I have no idea what's going on. But I do know that for today I've done my duty. And since you've watched to the very end, so have you. We can all go home and sleep well. Heat up here. Lwood. See, she always called me Lwood. It's my name. See, she said, "In this world, Lwood, you can be oh so smart or oh so pleasant." Well, I used to be smart. Now I choose pleasant.
