---
video_id: lCYGpO6ceQQ
channel: JustinScarred
title: "The Vision Quest is over: A personal reflection"
published: 2026-02-04
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lCYGpO6ceQQ
---
There's no better place to pause and reflect than a cemetery, which is exactly what I'm doing here in Quartzsite, Arizona. Just over the horizon, about 17 miles away, is the border of California, my home state. Although it's still a long drive to get to my home in Orange County. So, I've stopped here in Courtsite before I reach the border. I've been on a long drive from Florida back home to California. Six weeks ago, the sudden and unexpected death of my friend Adam, who you all knew as Adam the Woo, um caused me to go to Florida, see what I could do to help his family, his friends, and of course lay my friend to rest. It was a big hit. I've been friends for a long time. And I knew even as I was flying to Florida that if I just came back home straight to California, I would probably lose my mind just going back to my room and staring at the walls and get depressed and not be very functional. So I decided before I even landed in Florida that I would drive back to California. That would force me to be out of the house as it were. it would force me to film videos and kind of get back to normal in a way. So, first I went up to Georgia to see our mutual friend Tyler Evans who uh assisted me a lot in the beginnings of this channel many many many years ago and also was Adam's roommate for a long time. We had a good time there and I made my way westward across the country. took a different path than I was expecting. Just the big winter storm and the ice. So, I had to lay by in Louisiana for a few days, but ever since then, I've been making my way across Texas and then the far southwest along I 10. Done a lot of long drives alone, a lot of thinking. And that was what driving home was partially all about. Not just forcing myself to work and forcing myself to kind of be out of my comfort zone a little, meaning not at home, but also forced me to be alone with myself, forced me to think, forced me to do some processing without any distractions, which I've done a lot of, you know, got the tears under control for the most part. Then you reach weird stages of grief where you're like angry and grumpy, and I knew that was coming. And so it's better to be kind of alone in the car, isolate myself from, I don't know, being cranky with anybody or short with anybody or irritated in anybody's vicinity kind of thing. So that's been good. But the last couple of days, as I've gotten closer and closer to home, I've really started to think about, okay, well, what comes next? How do you turn that page? Obviously, grief will continue and come up at you unexpectedly like a flood, right? Like you'll be having a great day. I had a great day with my friend Oscar the other day in San Antonio or going to this weird snake farm and laughing and joking around and then the next day I get in the car and it's like wells of sad feelings and regrets and remorse and all the grief and the things floating up and then getting choked up again. It's like a I thought I was past this kind of thing. I'm sure that will continue to happen over time. I mean, I lost my grandpa when I was six or seven years old and whenever I drive through their neighborhood right across the street from Disneyland and start talking about it if Alli's in the car or something like that, I'll get still choked up to this day, you know, 35 years later or whatever. So, I know I'll never forget my friend Adam. I know there are going to be times even years from now where I'm going to feel sad. I'm going to miss him. I miss him right now quite a lot. Adam new courts site here very well. And in fact, it's been in this very same cemetery, I'm sure, because there's a famous and kind of quirky monument just over back that way. Some ladies are checking out. We'll look at it in a minute. But the last couple days have been getting heavy because as I realize I'm getting closer to home and sort of I've been mentally preparing myself to kind of turn the page or what comes next. You know, you feel all these strange feelings of guilt like, oh, when I turn the page and I go home and I have to deal with bills and normal things and getting my kid who just got his driver's license, car insurance, and all the other things. Look at this old drill bit right here. And then strangely part of you feels like, you know, if you start moving on, is that a betrayal of your friend? All these just just different feelings that pop up and just kind of working through them alone in the car has been good. But yesterday, I had a weird thing where I was in Tombstone, Arizona, and I was excited to get there. And once I got there, I was like, "Oh man, am I ready? Am I ready to go home?" That will end the vision quest, as I've called this trip, making my way westward and back towards home. The vision quest. What is the vision of life going forward? What does it look like? What does it feel like? What comes next? Adam and I were going to do a lot of stuff together this year. So, it's not just, oh, your sad feelings and processing that, but also like, man, that just scattered and destroyed a lot of my plans for this year. coming. What? What? What next? Then I thought as I was wandering the streets of Old Tombstone, Arizona in the video that I uploaded this morning, do I want to go home? Do I want to end the vision quest? Do I need a few more days? Then I realized something as I got back in the car, headed back towards Tucson and then west towards Phoenix where I spent the night. I realize the vision quest may end when I get home in that, you know, you're home. It's time to just deal with the dayto-day. Time to start living again. You know, going to see your mom and hanging out with your son, spending time with the wife, do all the normal things. The walkabout gets paused until the next road trip or the next series of adventures. But this particular time of reflection, processing, grieving, this will be over. Do I want that to end? But the realization was yes, this may end. This vision quest, this particular period of grieving and mourning is going to end. But there is another and greater quest I began many years ago that must be continued and continued with new vigor almost a rededication in a way. And that quest may be familiar to some of you is the quest for positivity. And bear with me. This is a bit of a personal video and rant and walk around a dry and dusty cemetery in a town, by the way, that has seemingly more rock shops than people along the main highway. Drag. It's kind of a strange Mad Max place for rors and wanderers and snowbirds and drifters and people who come here and live in RVs and campers temporarily, sometimes permanently. Some people come here temporarily and then end up staying in this town forever. Many years ago, I was very miserable. I suffered a lot with anxiety and depression and tried everything. Therapy and going to psychiatrist, tried all kinds of different medications. Nothing was really better. And then I started to really look inwardly at myself and who I was and how I'd ended up there. I had spent many years in a punk rock band. I had spent many years married to somebody who didn't really like me all that much. I had spent a lot of time around a lot of cynical people. There's a lot of posing or there was in that world back then a lot of cynicism and sarcasm and who can be the most serious or the most outrage or the most angry. And I realized I myself had just changed. Like who I was as a kid on the inside or who I wanted to be was nowhere near who I had ended up being for the most part. I was no tough, hardcore, gnarly old punk rock person inside. And yet I just had surrounded myself with a lot of snark and a lot of gnarliness. I could blame it on other people say, "Oh, the people around me were like that." And some of them were. >> But I found that I myself was so cynical and so pessimistic, so depressed. And that's my thing is that rather than getting angry at other people, I turn it inwards and I just taken it out of myself and reached this point where I hated myself so much that I was constantly miserable and nothing could change that because I could not get away from myself obviously. And if uh you hate yourself, well, unless you can afford to get another apartment, you're gonna have to live with yourself. You know what I mean? So then as my marriage was falling apart and things were falling apart around me with the band and were just getting worse and worse in my life circumstantially or situationally, I started thinking differently. I started thinking, well, who is it that I would like to be? because I'm a cynical, sad person with a lot of anxiety who does not like himself very much. Who is it that I would like to be? What kind of person would I be if I liked myself? And I thought of all those people that, you know, the kind of people that walk into a room and hype everybody else up, make everybody else happy. They're the life of the party, but not like in a cynical party kind of way, but in like a you just feel like happy when those people walk in. They're always encouraging, optimistic, looking at the bright side. When you're miserable and sad, they come in and go, "Ah, man." But come on, this and this is going to happen. We can do it. D I thought, gosh, that's the kind of person I wanted to be. >> And I was so far from that. The kind of person that could see every silver lining. The kind of person that could look on the bright side every day. And the kind of person that focuses on what they like about people or what they like about things rather than focusing on why everything's wrong or what they don't like about people or what wrongs people did to them. I've just realized like maybe I'm not naturally that person, right? I am full of anxiety and stress. Everything seems to stress me out and worry me. I'm always looking at the negative side and the worst that could happen. But I realized like I wanted to be that other person, you know. And then I thought a lot about myself as a kid. As a kid, I was very hyper, very crazy, hyper ADHD kid. I was in like the gate programs and stuff like that cuz I guess I had a high IQ or something, but I was very hyper and squirly and could not focus. And people were constantly yelling at me, shoving me into walls and things, literally smacking me across the head. Calm down, sit still. And not just adults, like pretty much all the kids I grew up with despised me. Had a hard time with me. So I had a lot of energy. You ever had that hyper kid in school with you that you're just like, "Ugh, dude, why won't he shut up? Why won't you calm down? Just irritates you." That was me. But also as a kid, remember I'm thinking about this at a time when I was at the hardest, most miserable, most stressed out, most negative version of myself. I would think back to being a kid and being like even though you know people misunderstood me or treated me bad or whatever, I had a very soft heart then, you know, I would always rebound right away with some creative idea or idea for going and playing or if nobody wanted to play with me, you know, I had my toys and art supplies and I would find some way to express myself that at least made me happy and positive. positive or try to entertain other people, make other people laugh. I would always try to find the kid with even fewer friends than me who was having an even harder time than me, make friends with that kid. I thought, gosh, I've come so far from that. You know, as a kid, I loved Disneyland. I loved the magic of all that stuff. I believed in that magic. I loved going on road trips with my parents. We go to Gold Country or something like that. I loved imagining, you know, what life would be like back in the day. I loved imagination, period. Any kind of piece of art or drawing or comic book or I don't know, creative thing, weirdly painted old van with a wizard on, anything would just get my imagination going. And I kind of lived a little bit in a dream world as a kid to a certain extent, but I like that dream world. You know, I was always focused on drawing and creating and making things. And one day I'm going to make something. I'm going to create something and somebody else will understand it and I'll connect with somebody else. Which was, I think, how I got into music and into bands, right? I wanted to create something. I wanted to put my feelings or express myself in some way, have other people maybe connect with it. Plus, it was the only way at that time being in like an indie band or a punk rock band or some kind of subcultury type of band where you could get out and travel, see the world a little bit. But more than that, you got to make your own t-shirts. You could make your own albums. You could make artwork for them. You could express yourself and be creative in a way that you kind of couldn't in any other part of normal life when I was growing up in the 80s or the '9s or something like that. It was just a pathway to something creative, something positive, putting something out into the world, expressing yourself. But that had become so cynical and so negative as I had kind of surrounded myself with the wrong kind of people, tried to impress the wrong kind of people, married the wrong kind of people, I turned myself into the wrong kind of people. So I came up with this thing, my fivepoint plan of positivity originally, you know, that I wanted to try to look at the bright side of things. I s sat there and thought, what does it take to go from the most negative kind of person, you know, to the most co, you know, positive kind of person that, you know, and I and I kind of sketched out a little bit of a plan. I can't remember what the five points were now, you know, sort of a turn lemons into lemonade kind of thing. and you know turn anger or frustration or anxiety into work energy and create things instead of um you know wallowing in it. I know that was one big part of it and definitely to start creating things again even if it's just stupid drawings or even if it's things that nobody cares about or you don't have any partners in like the band world and even if there's nobody around to look at it or appreciate it just to create things for your own soul. That was a big part of it. And I had kind of like started to do that. Starting random land was a part of that and some other things I had tried to start around the same time. Started painting in doing different stuff. I had kind of set out on that road and started making random land videos. And I think I had even maybe begun to do the sometimes vlog. They're sort of combined now, but originally there were unedited vlogs with the phone that I would do and then the random land was the separate like edited show about kind of one topic at a time. I know this is a very long story, but bear with me. And then finally, after years of hinting and outright saying, but I'm thinking, ah, she didn't mean it. My exh told me she was done. She was done with me. And that was an absolutely devastating moment in my life. So, I had been with that person since we were 16 years old and now I'm in my 30s. We've got a young son. I had just quit my band thinking, well, maybe that'll help and I'll save my family and that'll help save my sanity a little bit. And so, I had basically completely destroyed any sense of identity I had or community I had. That was gone. I had given that up for this family that now exploded. The only plank left under my feet just crumbled underneath me. So, as you can imagine, it was absolutely devastating. I was completely lost. Had no idea what to do. I had no job. I had was very sick. I had just been diagnosed, I think, with celiac disease. So, I had just figured out what had been wrong with me for years and years that was making me so ill that I couldn't hold a normal job or do anything normal like that or even barely get through the little bit of community college that I did. So, I was just literally devastated. Nowhere to go, nowhere to stay, nothing. She had the job, so I left her with the good car to get to and from work to take care of of the child. And I had to go to my mom and dad's house and sleep on the floor and then on an air mattress. And then eventually we did get a mattress, a regular mattress after a while. My dad actually helped build me a bed, but I'm getting ahead of myself. I went to sleep on the floor in the California equivalent of your parents' basement at 30 years old with just absolutely no life. And I just started the healing process, like the physical healing process. So I was still in no condition to go to work. I had no college education. I had no prospects. So what do you do? Do you go back to school? Do you go stock shelves somewhere? What do you do? I just started the video thing not too long before. Well, a couple years before I was making $100, $200 a month, maybe by then with some shirt sales and some things. So, I thought, well, I can feed myself at least if my parents will indulge me in something. And I went to them and I told them, look, look, I don't even know who I am right now. I was already going through that before this happened to me and now it's worse. I said, I just the only thing in my life where I'm able to make somebody else smile instead of cry or be annoyed or angry right now are these dumb videos that I'm doing. And it probably won't take this long, but I'd like your permission to just borrow this amount of floor space to sleep on for up to a year. I'm gonna sit here and make these videos to keep myself busy and from going insane and I'm going to need to figure out what comes next. Do I go to I have got to I have to physically heal in the first place, you know, my guts and everything so I could maybe potentially work in a normal place. That never happened, by the way, but I thought I thought maybe it would. I was hopeful. And uh so I just like a year to just suck at everything and just be here and just or up to a year so that I don't feel like pressure. And they were like, "Yeah, that's okay cuz I could feed myself. I could pay my own car insurance. You know, I could had gas, still had my annual pass to Disneyland. Had already been paid for for the year." So I was like, "Well, we'll figure it out from then." I guess it was the first vision quest. And it was so hard. There were so many days I was angry and bitter and lost and confused and in total despair and literally wanting to go sleep with these people and not wake up and horrible agonizing terrible moments of my life. And during that I decided I don't want to lay down and die. And I also don't want to let this make me more bitter and more negative and hate myself even more. I have got to try to rise up out of this if in no other way than at least emotionally and then figure out what to do with the rest of my life. And so I embarked on a quest and that was the quest for positivity. I don't know why I feel like crying now as I'm saying this. The foundation of which is the idea that you cannot always control your circumstances. Or, you know, maybe you did control them and ended up in horrible circumstances. You can't just change them like that. So, you can't control your circumstances, but you can control the way you react to them. You can't control the wind, but you can control where you put your sail or your rudder. Do you know what I'm saying? Another major thing was, it sounds so simple and so stupid and like some piece of Hobby Lobby wall art, but to count your blessings. to try to put myself every day in a grateful frame of mind. Be grateful for where I am and what I've been given to count my blessings instead of my miseries. And believe me, I had a lot more miseries than blessings at that time. But still, you know, every breath to think of every breath as a gift and every day as a gift and to try to see the silver lining or the positive side of things and then also to kind of follow the mission of that I had set out for in random land or the sometimes vlogs in the videos. We'll just say random land for shorthand. When we started that, we we thought it through very deeply. I bounced a lot of ideas off my friend Tyler Evans I was just talking about. One of the first things we decided was we will never talk about sex, politics or religion on the channel. We will keep things open and available to all and kind of try to uh leave that stuff to the side. That's the stuff that divides people at the Thanksgiving channel, right? Or at the Thanksgiving table, excuse me. And so on the YouTube channel, try to be big tent and focus on the things that we like. Focus on things that bring people together instead of bring people apart. Well, I adopted that philosophy into my life, too, as part of the quest for positivity that I wasn't going to focus on um the things that make me upset or the things that divide me from other people. I was going to think about things that bring people together and uh try and not hold grudges anymore, try and let things go, try and turn the other cheek and all that kind of stuff. And if I can use the expression here to try to get myself to a point where I could love people, it's like a love your neighbor as yourself kind of thing. You just you can love other people more and care about other people that are around you more um than you're sitting there wallowing in your own misery. And also to always turn depression, anxiety into action. I borrowed that from my original fivepoint plan. and to just just to work on what you could and if there's nothing else to work on, do something creative. Put good as much good or put as much creative energy out there as you can from the best part of you, the good place and not the negative place. So, if I was in a bad mood or I was feeling grumpy, but I was trying to film some video, the history of the people mover or something. And if I was in a bad mood on the inside, I would delete that footage and go back when I could be in a positive mood, in a good frame of mind because I don't know if there's any secret magic voodoo or juju in it or whatever, but I just had a kind of a superstition thing that like, well, if you're negative, even if you're faking being positive, you're putting something negative into the world. And so sincerity became a part of it. And I've articulated some of this because there are videos about the quest for positivity when I started it. I don't even remember when that was. There's a very nice girl who used to watch those videos who sadly now passed away who used to she used to send me a message every so often when hey 400 days of the quest for positivity or you know 600 days a thousand days. I missed that. That was that was really cool. And I think I did a video later on the origins of it and just explaining kind of the basic outline of the divorce I had gone through and the life I had gone through. So you could look that up if you want more information. I've already given a lot of information and I'm being very long-winded. Well, the quest for positivity I must say in large part worked. People misunderstood it all the time. They're like, "Oh, so you're Mr. Positive Man. You're one of those fake till you make it positive people." like no or like oh you just think everything's positive you don't think anything's negative sometimes if I was being negative or saying like oh man this thing is frustrating or sucks or whatever people that's not very Q for P of you not very quest for positivity it's like they didn't understand that the point was is that I am a negative and cynical person sometimes in my heart especially towards myself and the point is to try to be on this quest to try to see the silver linings to be grateful to do all those things and I really really tried every day, every second I would wake up in agony from the from the bedroom floor and go off and wander around with no more friends, no more love interests, just alone and focus on the silly things and the fun things and the silver lining things and the wow, isn't it cool that we get to be at Disneyland today or in this park today or walking down this street today or looking at this historical cemetery today or whatever it was. And slowly but surely, to my own surprise, that got easier and easier, it's like working out a muscle. You're very weak at first. The more that you do it, the stronger it gets. And it almost like rewire. Like I know they've done scientific studies about this that if you complain and you complain, you're negative. Your brain rewires itself. And I'm sure they've done studies for the inverse that if the more you look at the bright side, the more you will see the bright side. And that started to happen. I would look for the silver lining. And all of a sudden, I would start to find it. I would look past the thing that was annoying me and look for the part that I liked or the part of the person who was annoying me that was lovable and I would could see past the things I was angry or frustrated or upset about. Now, not all the time. I'm not perfect. I'm no saint. But I'm just saying it got easier and easier. Ally came into my life. I got new friends who I just knew in some weird cosmic way were responding to the positivity cuz there are people that probably wouldn't have been my friends when I was cynical and negative and always being a drag and complaining and sulking or having anxiety and uh and my life changed. But then Adam the Woo being one of those people, right? But then, well, he was my friend before the quest for positivity, but it's still one of those things, one of those people that you're creative with and you're doing all this stuff with and you're responding to that positive energy in each other. And I talked about this a lot with him as we were going. And that actually inspired him a lot to shift what he was doing from just crazy abandoned buildings and whatever into like, yeah, that's a good idea, putting more positive stuff into the world and all that stuff and feeling a responsibility to like look for the bright side and stuff and to put put that good into what you're creating or making. Because we had both come from a world where you're like, "Okay, we're writing a new punk rock song. Look for the angriest, darkest part of you. Look for the part that's grieving the most or hurt the most or bitter the most and put that into the to the art or the creative work, right?" And so this was kind of the opposite. It was kind of a different type of punk rock spin on it where like, "No, that's what the rest of the world wants. We're going to take this and be positive." Now, at the time, YouTube was very blue and very dirty. all internet humor was very old school Twitter uh very inappropriate jokes and shock humor and all that kind of stuff and we were both like dude let's just work clean you know we'll do the YouTube channel clean and family friendly because we both grew up in families where like if there was a swear on the album you weren't allowed to listen to it was an R on the movie you weren't allowed to watch it like wouldn't it be cool if like everything was accessible to everyone kind of thing which at the time now people do to create uh influencer channels or things so they can get sponsored by big brands. But at that time back then, nobody was doing that. People be like, "That's dumb. What is this?" Like Mr. Rogers. Yeah, that was a big inspiration for both of us. Jim Henson, another one. I miss him right now. You would understand exactly what I'm talking about. But the more I did it, the more that it worked, the more my life was more positive. Still hard. Still lots of stuff happens. You're still negative. And part of the whole quest for positivity thing for me is acknowledging when something sucks. Go, this sucks. This hurts bad. I hate this. But then once you've let that out to get up and move on from that instead of sitting there with it, which is what I used to do in my life. Yeah, this sucks and there's nothing I can do about it. Okay, maybe there's nothing I can do about this. Here's the question for positivity spin. But maybe there's something else I can do over here or something else I can do over there. And that's why I kept the videos going is like, well, there's like 500 people watching them. If I could make five I remember telling my friend Rosco soul trained this while he was cutting my hair once, like, man, if I could make 500 people smile today, how awesome is that? That's better than anything else I could possibly do with my energy right now in my miserable situation and condition. I'll focus on that and my life changed for the better in so many ways. I mean, I'm still broke usually, but I'm broke at a higher level. Sometimes I'm still miserable, but I'm miserable at a higher level. You know, you know what I mean? And I try to move past it. See the silver lining. But here's the thing. Eventually, even the best of us in our fallen human nature gets to a point where you're back on autopilot again. You're letting things hurt you or stress you out for way longer than you should. You're not looking for silver linings. You're just expecting them to come your way or you're just not looking out for them. You stop counting your blessings every day. You start to say, "Yeah, I tell I'm totally grateful." without actually stopping to meditate on your blessings or the good things in your life or how grateful you are or how great it is that the wind is blowing through the sage brush here and I get to breathe this air and my heart still gets to beat and I get to stand on this earth and enjoy just a little bit of something that that goes by so fast and it's gone. fun. And um so getting back to to Adam, his death really shook me up on so many levels, but it shook me up about myself, too, because I realized how much I take for granted. The hardest part of him passing away is what a great friend he was and how much I knew I had taken him for granted. And then of course people want to rush to you and go, "No, no, you loved him and he knew you loved him." I know that. But I did take him for granted. Like we all take everything for granted. No matter how hard we try, we're still going to take things for granted to a certain degree. I didn't think he would be gone. Hey man, let's meet up and do this thing and d we'll go on this trip in January. We'll go old I80. Micah's going to come. We're going to meet up in this city and that city. I don't know. You know, I've been in Florida for a month. I'm going to go home. Well, I'll see how much I'll do with you. You'll be around. Yeah, totally, bro. We'll have more time. And then all of a sudden, you don't have any time. I took him for granted. And more than that, I started to see how much I take everything else for granted. And I got to this autopilot place where, like we all do, where I just take breathing for granted. I take living for granted. I take getting to open my eyes in the morning on a new day for granted. I let the struggles and the worries and the bills and the things which are real things and really have to be dealt with and have to be worried over to some degree. But I let all that rob me of taking the time to be grateful, to feel grateful. Like what's the sin here? What's the big mistake? What's the thing you did wrong? The thing that I did wrong was procrastinate. That's one. We all do that. take things for granted. That's another one. But the big one, the big sin is neglect. I let everything worry me just like we all do. And I just neglect myself. Neglect the people around me. Neglect the little things that I know I should do. I don't know if this is making any kind of sense, but that was a big part of it. Just feeling guilty and guilty for taking him for granted, taking everything else around me for granted, everybody for granted. And I realized I had let the quest for positivity, I realized this yesterday, I had let it just go on autopilot. I hit cruise control and just cruised around like, okay, I learned some lessons 10 years ago and a few a few more along the way. And I those are enough. And I haven't spent the time to count my blessings now and to be grateful now and to think about who's in your life that you might love, but maybe they're standing in the way. Because part of the question of positivity is not just oh blindly loving everyone and thinking everything's positive but to go okay what are the things in your life that are stopping you from being positive or for making positive choices or good choices or not wasting your time or not you know being neglectful or all those things you just go on autopilot. you accept certain people in your life that probably you should in friendliness part from or spend less time with and on the other hand there's people in your life that you should spend more time with or pay more care and attention to that you just end up n it's hard or that's just a little too frustrating or oh this is a lot of work right now I'm worried about all these other things. I guess this applies to every day of your life. But the point is I was on that autopilot for so long. And what this vision quest has taught me about myself, if anything, is like you cannot take your days for granted. They go so quickly. Man is but a vapor, you know, or life is but a vapor. Breathe in, you breathe out, it's gone. There's a lot of like things in life that I wish I had that I don't have. So I could say, "Oh, I'm not the person I want to be like in this sense. Oh, I don't own a house or I don't have any kind of savings account or anything to leave behind me for my future grandchildren or anything." Or, you know, I've never climbed the pyramids or I've never done this or I've never seen Rome. We all tend to think about those things all the time. Well, there's these things on my bucket list I've always wanted to own or see and I haven't done them yet. Or this guy I went to high school with, he's got a huge mansion. I'm living in a little apartment. Whatever those things are, those are real. They matter. But I've realized that I've totally neglected or stopped thinking about not just who I want to be in that sense. We all think about that stuff all the time, which can cause a lot of bitterness and frustration, by the way. Instead of being grateful for where we're at and what we have, we're always thinking about what we don't have yet or what we'd like to work towards or whatever. But I totally neglected. Here's the neglect thing again. I just I totally procrastinated, neglected, and put away that thing. the more important quest, which is I'm not the person in here or in here that I want to be. My friend Jay, Porsche Life 111 on Instagram, his wife Nicole was like a she was a big shot in Hollywood, a big PR manager and stuff and they had this great life and they were working in the entertainment industry. And then she was diagnosed with MS and Jay had to spend a long time with her watching her slowly die. the love of his life slowly die. They got this car together though before they end this little yellow Porsche and they had this amazing kind of last chapter where they took the car out. They started this good vibes breakfast club with other people and ultimately she passed away and for the last year Jay has been driving across America and going on his own very long vision quest like what's next with this life? I met Jay in Atoria last year with Adam and we of course we heard some of his story and Adam and I instantly like adopted him into the tribe kind of thing. I've known this guy for a very short time. He's got the late night playset. He's got David Letter in his desk. I went over and filmed that. He does a Blockbuster gear podcast. My friend my friends from my friend Brandon from BC Delorean. The reason I'm telling you about Jay is that Jay, one of the people that I've known the least amount of time has gone through all this grief and stuff and I had a few talks with him about it and everything and shared my sympathies and stuff as much as I could, not having known her and not having known him for very long. Jay came out to Florida after we buried Adam even and he goes, "I'm not coming out there for Adam. I'm coming out there for you." He came out with some of the other guys and stuff and Jay has been through like some really insane grief. grief I hope I never understand. And he really helped me along with along with a lot of other people really helped me walk through this and give me a road map for things and let me know there are certain things that there is no road map for. And he asked me this question one night when they were doing a podcast about Adam and I kind of sat in for part of it. When we were done, we ended up talking for hours and hours late into the night and he looks over at me and goes, "Do you love yourself?" Said, "No, what kind of question is that?" And I could go into a long diet tribe and I think I did. Poor Jay about how like I don't know if that's the right that's the right place to end your quest is to love yourself because I know some of the worst people I know love themselves too much, right? But then I started really thinking about it. I was like, well, I at least don't hate myself because that's where I started. Maybe I was the hyper kid and other people hated me so much that I internalized some of that. I don't know. I'm not a shrink. Maybe living with a lady who hated me for years did some of that to me, put that into me. Or maybe I'm just wired that way. Or maybe I had just become a jerk and I just had hated myself. I hated I'm not talking didn't like or h Yeah, I wish I was different. I freaking hated myself. I was kind of telling a little bit about the quest for positivity. There's a hole in the ground. Darn gophers nearly finally got me. Anyway, I'll try to be faster. And I know this is long and boring for some of you, but I was telling him a little bit about the quest and how I had to do a lot of work on myself. So, I couldn't just like sit there and go, "Oh, I got to practice self-love. I got to think I'm better than I am. If I think nice about myself, then I'll be nice." It doesn't work like that. I had to put in a lot of work to be nicer, to do nicer things for people, to focus more on making other people happy and taking care of others before myself and to also work on myself and who I was and what kind of attitude I had and what kind of decisions I made. And then slowly over time, having done that work, I hated myself less and less. I mean, there's still days I can't stand myself, but that's a different thing. I said, "At least I don't hate myself, which is all I want." But after the conversation was done, maybe two or three days later, we had a Adam's family at their church had a kind of a small celebration of life just for family and church family. And I was there and Jay and I were the only two friends of Adam to speak. And he's like, "You thought about more about that question?" Actually, I kind of have. As I drove away from Jay, who was kind of the last of the friends that I said goodbye to there. I drove away, saw his little yellow car. He's going to go continue on his vision quest. I'm about to set out on mine. I've thought about this question a lot. And I realized like I had done a lot of work to where I didn't despise myself or want to destroy myself anymore. But at some point, I had just gone, "Okay, this is good enough." And just stopped. I'm not talking about how anybody else perceives me or what anybody else thinks of me, because I'm sure there's a million people who are going to want to say, "No, what are you talking about? You're a great guy. You should love yourself." And I'm sure there's equally another million people who are out there like, "No, you are a horrible person. Destroy yourself." I know they're out there. I'm talking about how I feel about myself when I lay down in bed at night and no one's talking and it's just me and my conscience or it's just me in the car with the open road and no music playing, no audiobook, nothing, just driving. When I'm trapped alone with myself, how do I feel if I'm honestly looking at myself? And I realize I paused that journey and that quest so long ago. And that yeah, I may close my eyes and never open them again tomorrow. Or it could be 50 more years I'm stuck on this earth with myself. And it's probably time for that quest to continue. Right? Because you can always be better. You can always do better. You can always feel better. No matter what the circumstances are, you know, I could lose the ability to walk tomorrow and be confined to one room forever. And I could still improve myself as a human being inside. I could still go online and leave nice comments to other people or try to make somebody else have a nice day or support somebody else. No matter how bad it gets, even if it were much worse than the situations I find myself in at the present, no matter how bad it gets, you can always do some good. Or at least I sure hope so. You can always do better. You can always inside of you get that much closer to heaven and that much closer to the soft part of who you are inside. There's always more love to give other people and more grace to give to yourself. When it comes to myself, I don't just I can't I think the toxic side of that is sitting there and just going, I'm great the way I am. Look at me. I'm so wonderful. I feel like a lot of times now because people are depressed and anxious, there's a lot of information out there that's not that great about no, you just have to love yourself. and just lie to yourself that you're the greatest person ever and then you will be the greatest person ever and you'll be the happiest person ever. I don't think that's honest and I don't think it works like that. I think you have to earn it but not earn it for other people. Not doing things on the outside to make people think you're great, you know, here in here where no one else can touch and no one else can get to. And if you're honestly looking at yourself in the metaphorical mirror, who are you? Have you earned that respect from yourself, that love from yourself? Are you doing the best that you can? And are you willing to keep trying to do better and to be better? And I'm not talking about any kind of way other people perceive you. I'm talking about in your own heart, your own head, and your own conscience. Because some of it's counterintuitive, right? If you're willing to do better and be better, sometimes that means giving less energy to some people who may love you and appreciate it, but you know, spending less energy in some places to allocate it to other places. Sometimes it means taking more time for yourself to work on yourself. Sometimes it means purposefully neglecting certain things to give yourself some more peace or some grace. Sometimes it means sacrificing some of your own self-pace or your self-grace to give more of yourself to other people who need it when they need it. Who might annoy you. We all have those people in our lives. You're like, uh, I don't want to call that person. It'll be so frustrating. It's like, and sometimes, no, you shouldn't be calling that person. you need to focus on the things you need to focus on. Sometimes you go, "No, my conscience is assailing me. I need to be there for that person no matter how hard it is." And I'm not referencing anything specific. It's just these are the thoughts. I've been thinking about this now for gez more than two weeks since I've left Florida. Part of that time I was trapped alone with myself in a hotel in Louisiana. part of the time alone in a car driving across West Texas or sitting in my little folding chair out in the desert to the last couple of days. So, this is the the result. This is a lot of this different stuff that I thought about and there's still more to think about along those lines over the next couple days cuz I need a couple days to rest. You might not see me for a couple days. I need a I need a little rest. Like physically I need to sleep and recover, wash my underwear, you know, but mentally, spiritually in my heart, heart heartly, there's a lot of work to do still. And so the vision quest may be ending today, but the quest for positivity has got to be taken up and keep on going. Part of why it was hard, part of why it's almost autopiloted or paused in a weird way is because I kept myself accountable really well in the early days of the quest because I had the sometimes while I had the unedited vlog and I could talk about it. I put it out in the universe and then it kind of held my own feet to the fire that way. It forced me to talk about it. So, I was thinking through it out loud. I'm a sort of think out loud person a lot of the times. It's exactly why I don't discuss politics or religion or anything like that cuz I'm a think out loud person. People like what? What do you mean? I'm thinking out loud here. And uh nobody was watching back then. Very few people were watching. Doubtless some of you were watching. But as time went on and more and more people were watching the wacky adventures or this or that the other thing and the sometimes vlog and random land became kind of the same thing and merged together. Well, now the more you talk about yourself or what you're struggling with or what you're thinking, the more there are people out there who are just going to go, "Oh, you're just complaining." More it just sounds like complaining. Oh, this guy's complaining. And so, I just wouldn't talk about it anymore. I just, okay, well, if it's going to be interpreted that way, then I'll just keep it to myself. The problem was the more I kept it to myself, the less I thought about it. The less I thought about it, the less I did about it. And I just completely forgot about it for the most part. I mean, on rare occasions, I talk about it. Sometimes I do talk about it on the morning announcements, which is the adventurers club Patreon little vlogs I do, you know, cuz you're back with your Patreon folks and it's just a little bit more private anyway. or on the podcast that I do back there. But for the most part, anytime, even if I just mention something or try to share the struggle, it's like, oh, then you're gonna get all the people, yeah, just complaining. Quit whining. Quit your belly aching. As my dad would say when I was little, quit your belly aching. People are going to misinterpret you. And that's going to happen anyways, but people are going to deliberately misinterpret you and misrepresent you. So, you just end up keeping it to yourself. I kind of miss that about the old By the way, there's a big old stick in my shoe. I kind of missed that about the old days of YouTube before everybody looked at everything everyone uploads. That was so painful as some kind of trick or influencer thing or gimmick and you could really share from your heart and people understood that you were sharing from your heart. And uh not that I care what anybody else thinks of me. I really don't too. I beat myself up so much that it's very there are very few things that other people can say to ever hurt me unless I know them and they know me really well and I know they're right. However, Adam let a lot of that get to him often. There were times where he did not care and there were other times where it just went to his heart as there were people that just hated on him just obsessive I mean they're still doing it obsessively hated on him for just living his life the way that he wanted to or trying to work out how he was a bad guy or an evil guy and he wasn't he wasn't perfect he was a really generous kindhearted sweet person. He could be annoying in his own ways and there were things that he would do that be like really. But I'm saying overall one of the kindest, sweetest, certainly one of the most gentle people I've ever known. We're friends. Close close close close friends. Best friends at times for 15 years. He never ever raised his voice at me. We had one fight ever and it was about well better left unsaid right now. One fight ever that was a big long drawn out slow motion one and I kind of won that fight too. But he never raised his voice. Never one time raised his voice. And never even while we were having a slow burn disagreement about some big stuff. Never did that change the way he treated me. Never would that stop an invitation like, "Hey man, you want to go get Red Robin or you want to go to the park or to No. Always gentle and generous. Even when I was being cranky and reading him the riot act, one of the sweetest people ever and so misrepresented and misunderstood in good ways and bad ways. So people are going to misinterpret what you say no matter what you That's another thing I've been meditating on. And I normally don't care. I don't let it get in here. But I realized at some point I let that affect what was coming out of my mouth. I was like, "Oh, well that's just going to get twisted or whatever." So, I was just more quiet about it. And that doesn't mean that I'm going to be making videos like this every five minutes, but I have started to think about that like, well, that's not how I want to be. Because, as I've said a few times lately, I don't make these well, this is a very atypical video, but I don't make anything that I do from my head as much as from the gut or my heart or whatever. You know, sincerity is still a big thing to me because sincerity makes it art and not just a product, right? So, it doesn't matter what you're showing. I could be showing a hotel room. It could I could be showing a hotel room somewhere that costs money and go, "This is the greatest hotel room ever." If I mean it and I'm sincere, I'm making art. If I'm not sincere and it's like, "Oh man, this place sucks, but I'm going to say it's good." Then it's not art. What is it? It's a commercial. You can do a commercial and it be art at the same time. You understand what I'm saying? That's how I feel about what I do, which is why I don't film a lot of things that would be easy bunts. Oh, I can get all the views in the world if I just film this or this or this or this. And I've always tried not to do that. Not so much because I think that's wrong or anything's wrong with it, but because for me, myself and my quest and from where I came from and where I'm trying to be in my own head and my own heart as a person. It's a way of keeping myself on the straight and narrow quest for positivity and not drifting back into the band days where it's like, "No, wear these type of clothes. Don't smile in the band picture. Nobody's gonna want to buy the album if we're smiling on the cover. Hey, we need to joke around less on stage. You need to stop being funny because that's not punk rock and people aren't going to take us seriously. And then you end up becoming somebody that you're not. And so I'd rather not I'd rather skip certain things, opening days or things closing days or certain parks or certain places or certain subjects. I'm just going to skip them because I'm not interested in that moment. It's not sincere. And from now on, if I feel something on my heart or I feel like sharing, I'm just going to do it. Even if it's like, man, I've been pretty stressed out lately cuz I or just stop saying stuff like that or tried to because people will go, huh, some kind of trick. There's some kind of angle on this or something. No, if I'm sharing things about myself and about my life or about the quest for positivity, I can't share them without sharing, you know, what you're going through to a certain extent. Then then there's people who are going to think, "Ah, this guy's being preachy." That's happened to you in the past. He's being preachy. Look at this whole thing. Look at this whole talk. He's calculating. He's he's thinking of what to say to be preachy to us in some sneaky kind of way. It's never that either. The last thing I ever want to do ever is give is be responsible for what anybody else does or feels or thinks. But in my experience, I have learned a lot from people like Jay, just to use an example that I was just illustrating, opening up to me and sharing with me, you know, I watched my wife die in my arms. I set out on my quest. Here's what I've learned. Here's what I've seen. Here's what I found out. Here's what I can share with you. That is the stuff that means so much. I use this metaphor a lot talking about why it's kind of devastating that Adam's gone just from a YouTube perspective. There are many layers. Obviously, I'm I miss just talking to him. He's my friend. I miss telling him, "Dude, I'm in quartzite over here at the High Jolly Cemetery. Oh, dude. Hi. Say hi to High Jolly for me." But I use this metaphor or analogy a lot that it always felt like he was just that much more ahead of me on the path. You know, nine years older than me. He was, you know, he had started his YouTube channel like as a full-time thing. Uh two years, three years before me. He was always just that much that many more subscribers ahead, that many more everything. I had just that much farther down the path. So, it's like we're going through this forest together. But I always felt safe because there's someone ahead on the path to go, "Hey, watch out for the spiderw webs." All right, there's a log up here. Watch out, loose rocks. And now that person is gone. And it meant so much. And it was so comforting because you know that person's ahead of you. That's what it's like when someone shares something like that, about their grief, about their experiences, the things they've gone through in life. I have learned more from people like Jay being openhearted and sharing things with me or people sitting there with something horrible happening to them telling me this sucks. This is what I'm going through than a million sermons or self-help self-help lectures or or books or something if that makes sense. And I know that the very small amount of good that I've ever done, this is the best I can do, folks. Sorry. If I could be a doctor or a lawyer or a medic or a firefighter, I would. But I can't. This is all I've got. But I happen to know that the tiny amount of good that I've ever done for other people because they come and tell me has always been when we've shared things from our lives or struggles that we're going through or how we're dealing with them. And I understand that because that's like the best stuff in my life or the best advice or the best like oh light bulb moments have always come from people sharing honestly and openly with me and seeing other people go through what they're going through always gives me well not always it depends how they're dealing with it but can encourage me or give me the strength to go okay okay similar to what I'm going I could I can deal with my situation because I see I'm not alone here you know just even that just I'm not alone I'm not the only person who feels feels washed up and useless sometimes or stressed out and going out of his mind sometimes or whatever. So, I don't know in what form. I don't know in YouTube videos. I don't know any of that yet. I haven't really thought that through. But I know that in here and in here, the vision that I have from this vision quest is you've got to pick that quest for positivity back up. It's a silly name, I know. I was I think I was walking around in front of the Disneyland castle or something when I came up with it. I was just like, "Yeah, I got to go on a quest." And I couldn't think of it any kind of grandiose or deep sounding is a quest for positivity. But as silly as it sounds, that's something I have to pick back up for myself in a big big way. I can't control these circumstances. I can't bring Adam back or I would. I can't control where I'm at at this moment in my life. I can't snap my fingers and change it or wish something else into existence. I wish I could wish away my feelings. I can't change those either right now. And not in this second. All I can do is sit here and go, "This sucks." And then I have to get back up because here's what I can do. Look for the silver lining. Look for the hope. And if I can't find that, then the fall back, the last thing that I can always do is go look it. I'm blinking. My eyes are open. I'm standing out here in the sun. I'm breathing. I may have some health issues. I breathing so freely sometimes, but I'm breathing. I'm alive. I'm here. There are people in my life to love. And even when there weren't people in my life to love, there was always the hope. I remember these just horrible dark times. I'll never love again. It's horrible. The world will be better off my son. Everyone would be better off if I just closed my eyes and was under the ground. But even then, I just held on to this small what felt like a vain hope that you know what, there will be people to love. That if I work on myself, there will be people to love and I'll be able to do something for somebody else someday that will matter. And that's happened. So none of this is advice. This is all just me talking out loud. Uh because I feel like I owe it to you because we've come on this vision quest together, but I've kept most of the visioning and the questing to myself, processing and stuff. So, this is where I'm at. This is what I'm thinking. People always say, "Don't give up." Never give up. And they say it about the dumbest things sometimes because we're all taught that this is this great important phrase that you're supposed to say. Don't give up. Never give up. Never give up on your dreams. Never give up on being a painter. Well, what if you're a lousy painter? Never give up on being a professional pianist. Well, what if you're a lousy piano player and you're tonedeaf? Maybe you should give up on the dream of being a professional piano player. Doesn't mean you have to give up on your passion or doing the thing that you love. So, I don't know if never give up is always good advice depending on the context. But when it comes to hope, when it comes to being better, when it comes to getting stronger, when it comes to love or hoping that you find someone to love or hoping to find that understanding or that connection with people or hoping to do something for others, never give up. Never give up. That's the best advice in the world. Never, never, never give up hope and never, never give up gratefulness cuz it's not over till you're underground. And you never know what little thing can change somebody else's life for the better. Even if you're the loneliest person in the world, you have no one to talk to, you're the most miserable person ever, and you're in a store and you smile at the right person, that person might have been on their way to go and and you know, destroy themsel voluntarily end up here. You don't know what a kind word, kind comment, a kind smile can do. You just don't know on the amount of kind things that people have said to me and done. Some of which are just bouncing off because I'm just in grief and sometimes I just get over stimulated. I can't read all every comment or really absorb every phone call or anything, right? Which part of why I wanted to be alone just the amount of kindness that people have been showing me. There's some rudess too, but I don't care about that. The amount of kindness that people have shown, people gone out of their way to leave those nice comments and stuff, even knowing that I might not read them or I might not reply or something like that has reminded me of how important it is to get your heart in a good place and then give things from that heart. Even if it's just hello, even if it's just a smile, a little comment, whatever it is, a little heart on someone's picture so they feel appreciated. Whatever it is, whatever you can do and kindness for yourself. That's something I don't often show myself. And so, I don't know about the whole love yourself thing. Like I was saying, the worst people I know love themselves the most. But very early on in this, one of Adam's friends, who maybe doesn't want to be mentioned, so I won't mention their famous name, reached out and said, "Be gentle to yourself." What? That just passed over me at the time. But I hit different parts of grief and regret and remorse mostly for things I didn't do right taking for granted and all the things I was talking about. I started going into that thing where I just beat myself up. Think of every missed opportunity and everything. Every time that I was lazy and didn't want to get up at 6:00 in the morning to get coffee with them and go on some adventure by too late. already off and doing whatever. And I've thought about those words a lot. Be gentle to yourself. And I'm not I never am. So, there's one more thing to learn and to try to do on the quest for positivity. So, the vision quest ends. It did not bring back my friend. It did not make me less sad. It brought me a little more control over how I show that on the outside sometimes, which is good because then at least I can get through things like going and buying something from Walmart or whatever or getting gas without crying at the gas pump. I cannot change the past. I cannot change the circumstances. All I can do h is control the way I react to them. And I can't I can't even control that at first. It takes work. But if you get up and you try very hard, maybe you can control the way you react. And sometimes the way you react, you have to work really hard to react in a positive way. And it might not even ultimately pay off for you in any kind of way, but it's going to pay off for everybody else that has to put up with you. Giving them the best of you and not the worst. Okay, I've talked for way too long. I still have a lot of this to think about and a lot of this to work out. But before I cross that border and go home and sleep well, I wanted to think aloud with you. stroll around in the very dirty dirt. Getting thorns in my feet together with you. I'm starting to see a vision, too. Not just for my heart and my head, which I think is the most important thing and the thing that I can control the most in the short term or do do the most work towards. I'm also starting to try to put together a vision of like what do I want my not that I have much control over this but what do I want my life to look like from here and I don't see the way from where I am now to where I'd like to be. I don't see that path yet. But I realized I have spent so much time in my life going well you know that's as big as Random Land gets. that says, you know, I'll never I'm never going to own a house. I live in Southern California. Houses cost over a million. I'm never going to own one, so I don't make that much money. Well, I'm probably never going to do this. Well, I'm probably never going to do that. I realize I've let cynicism creep back in accidentally. And maybe those things aren't true, and you got to be okay with that. So, it's not always bad to say that or have that discussion with yourself. But I've realized I've let it become an absolute and not just an expression. Yeah, I'll probably never own a house in California or whatever. I not that I believe in like the secret or like manifesting. Don't ever say that you'll never manifest it. Not in that kind of a way. But I realize I have actually turned a lot of those things that a lot of the things that I want out of life or that I'd like to be at mostly to take care of my family honestly or to have more kids or whatever whatever it's like in my head I've just kind of closed the door off to certain things because I thought well I'm not going to be able to afford that or I'm not going to be able to do that and like why am I taking that for granted too and so I'm also trying to build that. So, that part of the vision quest still continues because I've thought a lot about it and I feel like I have a much stronger vision of where I'd like to be versus where I'm at. I have no idea how to bridge the two. But here's the thing. I've stopped looking for bridges. That I think is wrong, too. I think that's another form of neglect and a kind of another form of self-hate and not being gentle with yourself. Nope, that's never going to happen. So, just forget about it instead of well, probably not going to happen and I'll be okay if it doesn't happen, but I'm going to keep my eyes open and look for the bridges. So, I'm on the quest for positivity again now and I'm on the quest for bridges. I'm also honestly very cranky, very irritable. I'm just a weird part of the grief. I think a lot of that has to do with being tired and going thousands and thousands of miles across the country without really ever getting one eight hour sleep. And so I truly think vision quest wise I have done my duty now. I've done all I can do out here and it is now actually time for me to go home and sleep. Well, before I go, I will show you this. The high jolly monument. He was a Syrian-born Greek fella who came out here and served the US Army when they were trying to use camels out here in the southwestern deserts. And uh when they wrapped that up because the Civil War started, he came back out here to courtsite of all places and just made friends with everyone. He was mining and prospecting and doing all kinds of stuff out here. and he was just so beloved that the town's folk buried him here, built him this pyramid-shaped monument with the camel on top of it. So clearly he enjoyed talking about and was very proud of his work with the camel corps and they even named the town cemetery after him. So we we've been walking through the high jolly cemetery. That's what I'm talking about. I would love to be someone like that. This is accidentally coming together here. This was not intentional, but I just that just dawned on me. That's that kind of person that walked into it, made everybody happier, that people remembered long after he was gone, and clearly felt like their lives were better for that guy being around, being in their town, saying hello, being part of their lives, appreciated, respected, and remembered. Now, maybe I or we will never get appreciated, respected, or remembered. But shouldn't we try to be the kind of people that deserve to be? And that is why the quest continues. All right, guys. I will see you in California soon. Give me a day or two to rest. I hope you'll do the bell or whatever kind of thing or just type in the link and check this video in a couple days cuz YouTube won't recommend them. Once you stop for a day or two, this is always my downfall. I need a lot of rest usually for health reasons. Then people are like, "I haven't seen your videos in a while." They're there. I'm still uploading them. just it doesn't ever show up on people's feeds. So, check back in a couple days. I'll be back with you. We'll have some more adventures. Well, check back in a week. If you don't see anything in two or three days, check back in a week and I'll certainly be back. For now, I'm headed towards the setting sun. I got California and the love of my life out there. And all things considered with recent events, I'd like to go say hi to my mom and my dad. All right, guys. Thanks for listening. Those of you who care at all, thanks for caring. Thanks for being kind. Thanks for being amazing people, better people than me. I've learned a lot from you, the nice ones of you. I look forward to seeing you again. Until next time. Heat up here. Well, I made it back to California. Hey, see what I did
