---
video_id: foz7BXf1o-c
channel: JustinScarred
title: "Never Before Seen Gettysburg History - Film Festival Begins!"
published: 2026-04-03
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=foz7BXf1o-c
---
Well, good morning from a very soggy, a very cold, and a very wet Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. This is probably one of those mornings that's better spent in bed curled up with a good book. And yet, not only is it absolutely beautiful on the Gettysburg battlefield this morning, there's no time to rest because today I've got a mission to accomplish. Obviously, Gettysburg is most famous for the battle that took place just outside this little Pennsylvania town in July of 1863 when, as you can imagine, it was a lot warmer than it is today on April 2nd, 2026. Men lost their lives in these fields and woods by the tens of thousands, which is exactly why I'm out this morning exploring the battlefield. As soggy and as cold as it is, it truly is hallowed ground out here on the battlefield, where every rock, where every old low stone wall, every tablet, and every memorial tells a story of the brave boys who died out here fighting for their country. This is why Gettysburg is famous. those 3 days in July 1863 and of course the months and months and years of aftermath but of course long before the battle of Gettysburg itself settlers were coming into the area and in the town itself history goes back much further than the battle for example this right here is the Dobin House and this place was built in 1776 by the Reverend Alexander Dobin one of the schools west of the Susuana River. It actually predates the founding of the town of Gettysburg by James Gettis, a tavern keeper who didn't get the town founded, I think for another 10 years. Anyways, largely because of the battle of Gettysburg, but also because the town's history and the area history stretches back so far to the very founding of the country. Gettysburg has become a natural gathering place for historians, both professional and amateur. And of course, history fans in general. And I came all the way out to Gettysburg this weekend from my home in California, precisely because one of those gatherings is happening. Today is the kickoff for the Gettysburg Film Festival, but also the opening of a new exhibit at the Gettysburg Museum, which goes beyond just the history of the battle and the Civil War. the new, very appropriately named Gettysburg Beyond the Battle Museum. I've never filmed a film festival before. I don't know how one even does that, but I was excited to be invited. I'm excited to be here, and I cannot wait to see the new exhibit today, which appropriately is called the Spirit of 1776. Dude, honestly, such a great idea for an exhibit, especially considering it's America's 250th birthday. One could almost call the concept revolutionary. All right, here we are back at the Beyond the Battle Museum, which as you can see on this sign, is closed for a private event. That's to kick off the registration, the beginning of the film festival and the main event this weekend. Boy, it's windy out here. Can't wait to get inside. Dude, it's so loud and kind of rockus inside of here. I've never been invited to one of these things before. Fancy museum stuff. Check this out. I've got my very own badge. Look at my credentials. This is the kind of spontaneous publicity I need. Alli's got her credentials as well. We just saw the president of Gettysburg History, Andrew, for whom I brought a copy of my book. This museum is still so brand new. The last time we were here last summer, I feel like you could almost still smell the paint drying. And they're already adding new exhibits. This place is ambitious and amazing. And we have a whole behind thescenes tour. Last time we were here from the president and one of the key historians, Tim Smith, who's also in the building, we got to see the sort of archives, the backstage, if you will, artifacts that have never been seen before. It was absolutely amazing. Hey, I was just talking about this book yesterday. Chilly Pierce getting ready to open the new exhibit in the special exhibit gallery. There's Tim Smith, Gary Adelman, some other famous history folks back there. I definitely feel like I belong at the kids table, but I'm very excited to be here. Gary Adelman just told me that a film festival is basically all about just taking selfies and smiling. I think I can do those two things. In fact, we just got a fun pick with Gary and Tim Smith. And now the new exhibit is about to open. All right. If anyone would like to to uh be here for the dedication of the exhibit, please head down the hall. We'll start in just a second. This is not the uh the ideal place to have a crowd, but uh it is where it is. I'm Andrew Dalton. I'm the president here at Gettysburg History, and uh we are thrilled to be opening the second ever exhibit to go into the Alexander Dobin Special Exhibit Gallery. And it is of course fitting that on America's 250th birthday this year, we are dedicating an exhibit about uh the American Revolution and the July 4th commemorations that have taken place in the years since, including, I think, an artifact that has never been displayed before. a flag that was flown in the streets of Gettysburg on July 4th, 1863 to welcome the Union Army back into the town. uh a a young man, I think he was 18 years old, Daniel Skellyy, who worked at the Fontock Brothers store, saw that the Union column was approaching and knew that there was a large flag that sometimes was flown at the store and and he uh in the midst of of you know, there's still actually street fighting going on at this point, but he ran into the store, ran up to the attic, uh went up a ladder, and there was a a small uh observatory on top of the building. And so he took this giant flag and flew it off the side of the the roof and the Union Army passed by and saw this flag and then Skellyy years later flew it at the 1913 reunion 50 years later for the veterans. So that flag is a massive flag and it's on display now so you can see it. >> As Andrew said, I wanted to thank everyone for being here today. Um specifically our donors Jackie, Don, and Connie who couldn't be here. Um, creating this exhibit was an incredibly rewarding process and I'm thrilled to show the results of this with all of you and I really hope you enjoy it as much as I do. Um, I am Jackie W. I am um the lucky owner of the oldest house in Gettysburg, the Dobin House, and it was um a delight to be able to sponsor the changing gallery at the Beyond the Battle Museum. very important that everybody knows this gallery here is free. So, you can just stop in anytime that the museum is open and take a look at it. But thank you all very much. >> Oh, look at this. There's an actual ribbon. Don, can we get you up here for this? >> Well, there. Yay. It's happening. The doors are opening. This is genuinely very exciting. I've never got to do anything like this before. Oo. Our first look. Oh, wow. There's documents going all the way back to the founding of Pennsylvania. Look at this family Bible from 1755 with a wooden cover, a letter from the Pennsylvania land office down here. And here's a portrait of and a chair that belonged to James Gettis. So, it was originally Gettsburg as you can imagine. Look at that chair. was from the original Gettis Tavern. Dude, there's some amazing stuff in here, which I'm sure we'll get a chance to elaborate on later on. Look at that militia roster from 1790, including residents from this area. The 1777 oath of allegiance. Look at this colonial era powder horns. This is amazing, dude. And look at that. There it is. the July 4th, 1863 flag that was flown as the Union troops came back through the town. Wow, that is incredible. It's so impressive that this thing still exists. It's in pretty good shape. It looks like you could fly it today. This blows my mind. I mean, I'm impressed when I can find an old pair of jeans from high school. Look at the stars on there. Look at that cluster. There's the store and they grabbed the flag from inside, flew it outside as the Union troops were coming through. Find a Stock Brothers store. Interesting. This fellow right here, Daniel Skellyy. This is really neat. A lot of documents in here, but these are like people's wills and pension documents for Revolutionary War veterans. There's uh information about America's 150th birthday and the centennial celebration in 1876 as well. >> Just crazy. Look at there's some stuff from the centennial in 1976, a replica of the key to Independence Hall. Man, when I was growing up in the 80s, that's all my elders could ever talk about. Oh, you should have been there for the bsentennial. Well, whatever. I made it to the semiquincentennial. How about that? How about them apples? This is really cool. It's hard to show you the whole space with everybody crammed in here. Checking out the new exhibits. This is impressive. So, this is another flag that was displayed during the Battle of Gettysburg, including July 4th, 1863. It was the McMillan family flag. So, somebody's personal 34 star. I almost said 36. 34 star American flag. An old copy of the Constitution. The Axe passed at the first session of Congress in 1793. Some amazing stuff. Now, it's a temporary exhibit. I feel like it'll be there for a while. So, I'm definitely going to try to come back in the succeeding days and get a better view of each individual item in the Alexander Dobin Special Exhibit Gallery. Oh, look. There's Tim Smith being interviewed on camera. That's a big fancy camera back there. Allie's getting a picture right there. Hello, Ally. By the way, my wife is here. And look at this. Speaking of wives, there's my Dwight David Eisenhower's Christmas stockings. They were residents of Gettysburg. Got a whole bunch of their stuff in this museum. Some of Ike's paintings. I just love the idea that Ike had a Christmas stocking. What do you think he got in there? I feel like that's the only thing that could make it more interesting. you know, a list of its of its contents. All right, people are picking up their badges for the film festival. So, they're gonna have a little opening reception here in a bit with a talk by Gary Adelman. And look at this. Look at this fun pick opportunity going on in here right now. All right, I just took a fun pick with Chris and Hank right here. Everybody's getting in on the action. Turns out Chris is a Randomland fan and was a fan of our friend Adam the Woo. I'll never never escape it. Not that I want to, it's just just sort of funny. Look at this. Look at this fancy spread out here, including gluten-free bread. Do I dare? Do I dare? Look at this. How cute is that? For glutenfree guests. I should have brought a Tupperware. I could have stashed that in Alli's purse. I just love seeing those uh Revolutionary War reenactors in here. Mostly you see Civil War reenactors in Gettysburg. In fact, last time we were here, actually, there was a couple of them firing off the cannon in the parking lot out there. Okay, we just retreated to the gift shop here. Look at this limited edition autograph photos of Steven Lang as John Burns. I was just talking about him yesterday, the uh crusty old civilian man who ran out on the battlefield in his old age and attempted to fight off the rebels single-handedly. They're going to make a movie about it. It says, "Come November 2026. I was not aware of this. I knew Tim Smith's book about John Burns was optioned for a movie. I wonder if this is the same project. What's going on over here? >> We're going to get some America 250 peanuts. >> America 250 peanuts. It's that kind of party for America's birthday. All right. So soon I think they dedicate the food. They get the news interviews out of the way first and then my old pal Gary Adelman's going to give a talk upstairs like the Revolutionary War at a brisk pace of 46 minutes or so. I'd love to learn. All right, we've come up stairs now to the Battlefield Overlook Event Center because Gary's going to be talking. >> I'm very excited, Gary. I'm I'm ready to be impressed >> and and dazzled. >> Well, I would say, and this gives a little view behind the scenes, the first 30 seconds of my talk should be a good little video on its own. >> Okay, good. Then we'll just try for the first 30 seconds >> and then it's all downhill. >> Look at that. And there's the Gettysburg Film Festival logo up there. It feels official. Look at these. Look at the shines of these cameras. So, I'm sure Gary's talk will be presented in full on the internets, but uh I'm going to go sit up here and uh and listen. This is a very strange music choice up here. Look at this VIP. We're not in reserve seats, but I'm right behind the reserve seats. We have a phenomenal speaker with us. Gary Adelman is an award-winning historian, author, and educator whose work has shaped how audiences experience America's battlefields. Wow. We're going to have to turn the music down, I think, cuz we still have some music on. That's funny. Well, it kind of is fitting for your introduction. >> Welcome everybody. Thanks so much for being here. I was told there would be at least 11 people here, so I'm happy with the turnout. That's awesome. So, um, we're going to try to do this in 44 minutes or less, and that's a lot to cover, so let's get right to it. 1775. You're aware that Great Britain is having some problems with their subjects over across the pond there. It's going to erupt on Lexington Green. It's going to spread New York, New Jersey, all the way up into Canada. Uh they're going to issue a declaration proclaiming their independence. They're going to end up uh at Yorktown where the America where the British army will surrender. They're going to do a movie about it. And that's that. Thank you for coming out everybody. I appreciate it. I hope you've enjoyed. No more American thing more important than George Washington. Not the army, not the Congress, probably not the land. It's George Washington. And the rumors start spreading that he might give up his command. Okay, these rumors reach Great Britain. And I hope it's not apocryphal that supposedly King George earned he was going to actually give up power. Give up power. And he says if Washington does this, he'll be the greatest man in the world. >> Amen. >> And he will do just that. He will give up his power for the benefit of what this country could become. Of course, he'll be our first president, as you know. And you know, we we look at our world today and we see the divisiveness. I'm not trying to make light of this, but we have been tested again and again and again and again. And historians know that the people in the news and the people who flippantly say we've never been as tested as right now. We've never had such an important election that we have. Okay? And this idea of whether liberty can produce power has been tested many a times and you can argue about to what degree this has been done, but so far the answer has been yes. I would say that this experiment has with all of its foibless gone pretty well. And um you see that the American Revolution matters all over our country. Okay. And the American Battlefield Trust has been saving land at all these places, more than 25 states, more than 61,000 acres at this point. So I appreciate your attention today. I appreciate all you do for American history and of course to support battlefield preservation and education. >> That was awesome. Why did Gary take a breath that entire time? Then comes the moment where everybody rushes downstairs to the restroom. And now there's some more presentations that are going to happen after the pea break. The kind of things that are quite hard to film, but I'm sure some of these toxic presentations will be online. I love that you can see the Gettysburg battlefield from upstairs in the hallway. I'm stoked to be here. This is freaking awesome. Totally worth doing. I'd really like to come back next year, too. Got to be quiet. I think they're starting up in a second. All right. While the second presentation was going on, Ally and I decided to make our sneaky exit. I wanted to come downstairs to that uh special exhibit gallery again one more time while it's empty. So, you get a better sense of the space. It's a small room in here. Like I showed you, it's packed with stuff. And see, we didn't buy regular tickets to this film festival. We were gifted these interesting press badges. So, we're not going to every screening of every film or anything like that. Like I said, how do you film a film festival, right? But there's all these other little side events going on and a few talks that we're going to sit in on. There's a couple tomorrow with Ken Burns. You have those Revolutionary War soldiers that are doing a living history camp. I can't wait for that. But in the meantime, I am in Gettysburg. You have to say Gettsburg. In front of the portrait of James Gettis. I remember once I was on tour here with my band and uh we took a licensed battlefield guided tour. Battlefield guide guided tour. One of the bus tours around the battlefield and the guy kept insisting Gettsburg. Getsburg. Get usburg. Just wanted to take one more look at that flag right there. It's absolutely incredible. This was hiding out in the store when the Confederates were coming through town and basically occupied the town for 3 days. And then for that kid to run up inside the store, find the flag, proudly wave this thing again in the streets of Gettysburg while there was still blocktoblock fighting going on. It's pretty bold. Pretty awesome. Looks like it's undergone a few repairs over the years, but it's amazing. All the stars still survive. Very, very cool. Oo, look at this. General Mcristel was in the building. I didn't see Ken Burns, but him and Ken Burns are doing a talk tomorrow. By the way, dude, Gary's 44minute presentation, which actually ended up being about 39 minutes, was the most concise and yet complete presentation on the American Revolutionary War I've ever heard in my life. Like I said, I don't even think he took a breath. Amazing. Now, we're going to have historical whiplash going from the Revolutionary War back out to the most famous Civil War battlefield of them all. First, we got to head into the town of Gettysburg and get Ally some coffee. All right, the Beyond the Battle Museum is basically in the center of your screen. We have crossed those green fields we were looking at from the windows upstairs in the museum over onto the battlefield and specifically a spot on the battlefield I have never been to before. I mean, I've seen it. I've driven past it quickly, but I've never actually got out and taken a gander at this. The memorial dedicated on the 75th anniversary of the Battle of Gettysburg. The last reunion of surviving Civil War veterans to take place here. The Peace Light. It's made of southern limestone and northern granite commemorating peace eternal in a nation divided. Over 1,800 surviving Civil War veterans were out here in 1938. One of them from the north and one of them from the south pulled on ropes to remove a 50foot US flag and reveal this eternal flame pledging eternal peace in the United States between North and South. So, a lot of uh descendants of Confederate veterans forgot in the succeeding years to come is that most of the Confederate veterans actually came out to all these different reunions and stuff and there were lots of ceremonies pledging peace and friendship. and part of the Civil War story. You don't hear too much about the reunions, but a very fascinating period of history between the 1860s and sort of the 1930s and 40s when friendship and peace were on the rise. Old soldiers could uh swap war stories, agree to disagree, and get along as citizens of the United States of America. Something we could learn from. Look at this little plaque. very humble plaque behind the eternal light peace memorial dedicated by Franklin D. Roosevelt during the observance of the 75th anniversary of the battle of Gettysburg. Hey, I just said that believe this hill that the peace light is absolutely dominating and hard to see the flame from down here in the gloom, but it is lit. It is burning up there. Believe this hill is called Oak Hill and there was actually fighting here on I think the first day of the battle in 1863. So, it must have been amazing for some of those veterans to come back here 75 years later and go, "Hey, we were shooting at each other before up here." Anyway, I just thought it was a nice place to come, a nice place that I've I've never been to to come and see while we were in the neighborhood before we head back down into the town of Gettysburg and get Ali's Coffee. This is truly a monument to the better angels of our nature, as President Lincoln once said. And in fact, there's a Lincoln quote up there on the side of the peace light. With firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right, which of course is from the end of his second inaugural address, with malice towards none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right. Let us strive to finish the work we are in. To bind up the nation's wound, for him who shall have borne the battle, and for his widow and his orphan, to do all which may achieve and cherish a just and a lasting peace among ourselves and with all nations. Oh, President Lincoln. What a guy. He had a way with words, did old honest Dave. All right, let's go. Let's go. Speaking of uh Mr. Lincoln, yesterday we had coffee at the President's Coffee and Tea in town, and Ally got a message from a student at Gettysburg College who told us there's an even better place to have coffee. So, we're going to go and try it out. The gal's name was Lizzy. The coffee shop is called Waldo's. Now, we just have to figure out where it is. Where's Waldo? Okay, that was supposed to be a joke, right? Like a where's Waldo joke and then I was going to go here it is in the next shot except for it actually was kind of hard to find this coffee shop. It's not on the main roads crisscrossing in the diamond although it is very close to the diamond. It's not actually in the diamond itself. It's hiding kind of across from the hotel Gettysburg behind the pub and restaurant over here down a little alley called racehorse alley. Oo, look at that. And my alley is turning into a little racehorse alley cuz it is cold out here. Although we did see some students from the college. Some uh girls running around in shorts and tank tops. What the heck is this? It's too cold for that. So look at this. If you weren't looking very closely, you would never see this sign right here. Waldo and company, art studios, gallery, coffee roaster, bookstore, and more. Sounds like it's right up Ali's alley. It's a weird thing to say. I I don't think I've ever said that before. And there it is. It's right there in that red brick building. And now I can finally say it. There's Waldo. Hopefully the coffee is good. That was a little bit of a quest right there. Awesome. Dude, this building is freaking huge. And you would never know it was here just going by the main streets. Oh, don't forget about me. I'm cold, too. Seriously, this place is absolutely enormous. It's like a TARDIS. It's bigger on the inside. Hey, there's all kinds of weird like custom ceramics for sale, t-shirts, books, and art everywhere. This reminds me of like an old school '90s coffee shop from a movie, not the kind we actually used to go into in the '90s. You know what I'm talking about. Someone's going to start reading poetry in here any minute. Woman. Whoa. Man, dude, what the heck? There's like a pottery studio in there, a silk screening shop. There's a whole art workshop hiding in this coffee shop. This is definitely for the college students and not so much for the tourists that are here for the battlefield or the typical battlefield tourists at least. Dude, they've also got a bunch of artist studios back there. Little miniature art studios. My mind is blown by all this. I was just not expecting this. Okay, it was hard to find. And they may not have the Lincoln latte like President's Coffee, but for a piping hot caffeinated beverage, this is not bad. I enjoy it very much. It's Adam that got me hooked on vanilla lattes. Actually, he was on a quest to find me a drink I didn't hate at Starbucks. He's like, "Dude, I got it. I got it for you." He's like, "Dude, you got to try vanilla latte or whatever." I was like, "Okay, okay." And by the time I actually had one with him, he's like, "Oh, but that's my thing now. You'll have to find another drink." And yet, I still get them all the time because it is just my go-to thing. I like mixing my own coffee. I like just like Mr. Coffee. Coffee maker coffee is my jam. I rather just put, you know, some equal and some French vanilla creamer stuff in there. But, uh, if I got to order out somewhere, it's always a vanilla latte. It's the go-to. The perfect mix of bitter and sweet. Oh, look at this. Leave it to Ally to find an even skinnier alley to get us back out onto Chambersburg Street up there. The Lincoln Highway. Like how there's no loitering signs. Don't try to take your band photos in here, miss. Oh, look at this. The cracks of Gettysburg. You know, there were some soldiers running around. to little skinny alleys like this between buildings. This is weird. How did we not see this when we were walking to the diamond? Strange. Where does this even come out? Are we ever going to resurface? Oh, yeah. Look at this. Right next to Mama Ventura. Where we always mean to eat cuz they always have a sign that's like gluten-free. Look no further. Oh, there it is. There's a sign inside. We never have never have actually checked it out. Dude, there's another one right next to Tad's place that we saw yesterday. I walked right past this 1500 time. I've never seen this before. What in the world? I need to keep my eyes open or something. All right, we are going to head back to the hotel, grab a little food, a little lunch, then see what else we can do with the day. It is still rather moist down here, like that kind of mist that you can't really see on camera, but it's just swirling around. You walk around for 5 minutes and you get soaking soaking wet. By the way, these are all Civil War buildings I'm walking past right now. That was a hospital right there. That church building I'm standing right in front of. Obviously, an old house from that era. This one's actually from 1836. It's known as the Hill House. I'm just wondering if it was extended over this alley. Later, it was built like this on purpose. You know, did this wall sustain any damage from the fighting during the Battle of Gettysburg? I don't know. These bricks don't show me any signs. Weird though. Kind of cool. Kind of cool finding these little nooks and cranny. You could never have these in Anaheim. There'd be people living in them. Lots of people. Dude, you know, this town is a pretty beautiful place to hang out. So much going on for the tourist and for the local. I feel like she's been standing out here while Ally finishes her coffee up admiring this church. 1835 they built this thing. That's amazing. Just a little less than 30 years later, they would use it as a Civil War hospital. Like I mentioned, it's been in continuous use ever since 1836 when the building was completed. The oldest continuously operating church building in Gettysburg. Now, on July 1st, 1863, the Reverend Horatio S. Howell, the chaplain of the 90th Pennsylvania Volunteers, was cruy shot dead on these church steps. And the survivors, and as this plaque on the bottom says, his personal friends left this out here later on as a tribute, a memorial. It's one thing I always want to learn more about, the battle in the actual town itself. Got to focus on that on my next trip, I guess. All right, rolling back to the hotel, get some food, use the facilities, see what else we can do today. Mr. Lincoln. All right, came back downtown to the diamond. What I realized is in the interest of getting up early enough to see those Revolutionary War reenactors tomorrow in their living history camp, it's probably for the best if we leave this very unusual adventure for us as short as possible. But in the spirit of seeing the opening of the spirit of 1776 exhibit this morning over there at the Gettysburg Beyond the Battle Museum. I've decided to walk a block south of the diamond to see if we could find the location of the Fostock building where that flag hung on the 4th of July in 1863 when the rebels were fleeing or retreating rather and the Union troops were reoccupying the town. It's somewhere up here on Baltimore Street on the Baltimore Pike. In fact, I think it's right here. Okay, I'm pretty sure this is it. In fact, yes, I'm 100% sure this is it. Now, you'll notice this building that stands out here in 2026 looks a lot different from that photo that we saw in the museum this morning. And that is because after the finest stocks were done with the building, it was heavily expanded sometime in the very early 1890s. By the way, you'll have to forgive all the cars going by the building. sort of rush hour on Easter f well good Friday I guess Easter weekend Friday night people are getting off of work or cruising into town over here but uh supposedly this wasn't just completely demolished and rebuilt but indeed expanded hard to tell from the south side right the side that matches the photo in the museum over here but from the side I walked up onto the building from the north side it does appear to have the shadow of the same old building and I sure hope so cuz I was told this morning that the building still exists. I was very confused walking around looking for a building that matched the shape of the one in that old photo. But let me go across the street and show you what I mean. First of all, we're definitely in the right place because you can see here on the sign there's a very same photograph taken in 1863, just 6 days after the battle of the Fostock house. I really hope I'm pronouncing that correctly. I'm picturing like Fisto. Yeah, >> I don't want to get a uh text from Gary Adelman later telling me that I was wrong, but I was looking at the side of this building and can you see that? Can you see that sort of ghostly shape on the side of the bricks there? That shape perfectly corresponds to the shape of the original building, right down to the old slant of the roof. Can you see that? the older bricks kind of on the right and the newer bricks on the left and even the shape of the old chimney. You can kind of see the top of the old chimney there just below the roof line and then a more modern chimney built up on top of it to vent the smoke. That is incredible. If I see a completely different building, I automatically assume they just knocked the old one down and then built a new one. But then again, I guess back in the 1890s, why waste bricks? So you can see the ghostly outline of the old Fannistto building from the days of the battle right here. You could actually see a bunch of bricked up sections of maybe old doors on the bottom and old windows between the windows up there. That is incredible. So this is where that flag that we saw in the museum was flown as the rebels were retreating out of town. They were retreating backwards down this road and the Union soldiers would have been marching towards us. Well, I guess technically up Baltimore Street. They were going north into the diamond. That's when that young fella there, that brave young soul, grabbed the flag that was stashed somewhere in the store and proudly flew it right out here on Baltimore Street. Even though there were still shots being fired, even though the rebel army was still retreating through town. That is pretty fascinating. There's definitely discoloration and lots of different patterns over here on the north side on the side we were just looking at from across the street, but it's nowhere near as clear as it is over there on the south side by that historic marker. I'm glad that marker was there just to confirm for my own sanity that this is the place. Yeah. Just compare the north side today with the north side in that photo. It looks very, very different. And it's very hard standing here to see any kind of outline of the building from this side. Oh, except maybe the chimney right there between those upper windows. What do you think? I could be imagining that Fostock House as the sign called it is actually just across the street from the Adams County Courthouse over here where you can see I'm not the only guy shivering out here today cuz we've got the great commoner himself, Thaddius Stevens out here looking a little cold and soggy. See water dripping off his nose. It's still very very misty and wet outside. Collecting his paperwork. You can see I actually switched hats just to be a little warmer out here. I need a coat like this though, old Tad here. He knew how to stay warm and remain a snappy dresser. Two things I am no good at. Look at that sucker. The Adams County Courthouse, 1859. Boy, this building was brand spanking new. Spanking spanking new when the rebels invaded the north here. And once again, just like every other big building in town, it was used as a makeshift army hospital. I've always wondered what it looks like inside. I've never actually been inside the building. I don't want to catch a case here in Adams County. Oh, look at this. You got the old Ten Commandments there on the side of the building. I can see another plaque that says the courthouse was restored in 1963. Sorry for the brain glitch there. Just making sure that I was reading what I was reading there. So, 100 years after the Battle of Gettysburg, the courthouse was restored. And I love these like uh little Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission signs you find all over the state. The uh blue with the gold lettering. County was named for President John Adams. Formed January 22nd, 1800 out of York County, which is why all those Revolutionary War era documents in the museum said York County on them. It was an important center of fruit growing. Interesting. The other flag that we saw in the museum earlier, the McMillan family flag. Well, the McMillan family house still supposedly stands out there on Seminary Ridge out where the Confederates had their lines. But it's much the same story, interestingly, as the Fontock House, cuz it's apparently been heavily remodeled. Might go do a driveby on that in a little bit. But first, I got to catch back up with my wife who's down there at Mama Venturas. She was trying to procure me a glutenfree pizza. Apparently, they're all out of pizza. So, she said, "You want some pasta?" I said, "Go for it." I have no other details. So, it's sort of ro shambo. We'll see what we get because of the celiac disease. And then because of other medical issues above and beyond that, I got to be very, very careful about what and where I eat. I almost never eat out, but I also like to live dangerously, right? So, when in Gettysburg, got to put a brave face on things. That supposedly is the number one spot for gluten-free in town. We'll see what happens to me. Did I mention it's freaking freezing? It's the exact opposite situation weatherwise from when I was stranded here a couple years ago during the anniversary of the battle. Then it was so hot I thought I was going to just vaporize. I thought I was just going to evaporate now. Even though technically it's spring now and no longer winter. I am so cold. I don't know why. It's not just me cuz I see locals huddling up and freezing. No more college girls out here in their short shorts. I'll tell you that much. One of those things where the temperature isn't that low, but it has the feels like on it. Feels like 38 or something. Yeah. Yeah, it does. It does feel like that. By the way, can we just stop and appreciate this sign right here for Mama Ventures? Look at that fork. Little metal spaghetti noodle on that. I love that. Oh, hey, look. It's that alley we were in earlier. Weird. I can't believe I've never noticed that before. Walked by it a billion times. All right, enough of this alley. I got to go find my alley inside. See what it is she ordered me. Ooh, nice place. Smells like Disneyland Paris in here. Ooh, who's that beautiful gal sitting at the bar? Romantic. Oh my gosh, look at this place. It's bigger on the inside than I thought it was going to be based on what it looks like from the street. Lady started saying, "Uh, excuse me, sir." And I said, "Oh, I'm with her." And she goes, "No, I'm just I'm just trying to get past you." Embarrassing. Cringe. I am so cringe. Why do you put up with me? Not how. Why? All right, we got the food in tow. Let me just open the door here for my lady fair. Yes, there it is. She got me some gluten-free ziti. I don't think it'll be as good as my mom's ziti, but I can no longer eat the mama mia as a ziti because of the gluten sens. Why am I doing that voice? It's terrible. But it does work. When I grow my mustache, I pretty much look like a I look a little bit like Mario, but like I look like some kind of pizza box stereotype every time I try to grow a mustache. That's why I don't do it. Ally can't take me seriously. Not that she does anyways, but you know. Okay. Try to swing by where that McMillan house is on the way back to the hotel. There's been lots of sporadic traffic in town, but then lots of uh big gaps like this. So, we'll see if I can slow down enough to kind of get a shot. It's a private residence and if it's the house I'm thinking of, it's kind of a kind of a hard spot to stop and stay from the car. But we'll see what I can do. All right. I can see the old Lutheran Seminary. Sketchy left turn right here. All right. Well, we're on the right street. Wait a minute. How the heck would I know that? I think we're on the right street. Look at this. This uh big church right here was not here at the time of the battle, but this other building at the seminary was. and the Koopa up there, which I've never been inside of, but I have seen people go in there on anniversary weekends. I think they paid a nominal fee and they got to go up there. That was used in the battle as a lookout point for Union troops as they were watching the Confederates marching towards town. See if we can find the McMillan house. I'm sure I could ask someone tomorrow if I don't find it today, but I just want I thought it was relevant to look for today. H. They don't look like Presbyterians to me if I'm not mistaken. It's just down Confederate Avenue here away from the seminary. Gorgeous houses up here, man. If I won the Powerball, which is where I'd live, I think that's it right there. Yes, that's it. I believe that is it. The McMillan house. The sign will let me know. There it is. The metal sign. Yes. McMillan House. And I believe the angle of the photo in the museum was something like something like that. Oh, yeah. Definitely a heavily modified house, but supposedly the old original core of the house is still in there incorporated into the later expansions. And so that's where the other smaller flag in the museum came from. Pretty cool finding the history on the ground like this. Also pretty cool to have a highly tolerant wife when it's cold and there's warm raviolis in her lap which she's very excited to eat. So just going to make our way through McMillan Woods here. I remembered the name of McMillan Woods. That's why I guess that the house was over here. And then uh flip a U-turn, head back to the hotel. see how I fare with this glutenfree food. It's amazing that it was 80 degrees yesterday and now it feels like half of that. One thing I'm learning about Gettysburg, though, is it is gorgeous no matter what the weather is like. Yeah, look at that mist. That is all misty moisture. Clouds coming unraveled here on the ground. Big round top is completely shrouded in mystery over there. See what I did there? Actually, you know what? I'm paranoid that I didn't get a joke in earlier that I planned from the moment I opened my eyes. I wanted to get outside the Beyond the Battle Museum this morning and go what a great idea to incorporate the the old history of Gettysburg before the Civil War and do an exhibit. A revolutionary idea, you might even say. And now I feel like I didn't remember to say it. If I did say it at the beginning of the video, I apologize for repeating myself. I am paranoid that I didn't use my good joke. My brain is him bucked. All right, got to hook a left at the peach orchard back to the hotel. I'm going to try this ziti and then it might be time to wrap up this adventure. We'll see. First, let me eat, then we'll figure out what's going on tonight. You are watching this clip while I eat my ziti. Just imagine me in a hotel room shirtless with ziti all over my chest and my stomach. Well, I think I survived the gluten-free pasta. We've come full circle today. When all the marrynt and the excitement is over, we're still here right alongside the epic Gettysburg battlefield. And although you can't tell, somewhere beyond the mist, the sun is finally starting to set. The battlefield will be closing soon. And I guess so will this Randomland adventure. >> You know, when we're in town, eating ziti or getting ice cream or looking through racks of postcards, it's easy to forget why this is all here. But I'll tell you what, in this mist, you can hear all the raindrops falling off the trees. And in this twilight chirping of creatures out here all alone in the woods near Culps Hill and Spangler Spring, all of a sudden it's only too real that a lot of brave boys were out here fighting for their country, whatever that meant to them at the time on either side. And uh not only did thousands and thousands of them never make it home, some of them were never recovered off the battlefield, right? Quickly buried and forgotten, particularly on the Confederate side. It's always good to take a moment to stop and ponder that. Anyway, guys, there's more Gettysburg Film Festival coming tomorrow. I'm going to get uh bitten alive by mosquitoes out here for a little bit and then head back into town, meet up with Gary, find out what in the world tomorrow's adventure is going to be. I had no idea what was going to happen when I woke up this morning. But it turned out pretty awesome. If you want to help support the show, you can uh head down to the links below or just go to randomland.com. It's just that easy. But uh feel like that's all I want to say about that. given the mood. I'm going to sit out here for a while with the mosquitoes and the frogs chirping. I'll catch up with you guys on the next one. For today, we've done our duty. It's time to go home and sleep well. I'll see you later. You are watching this clip. while I eat my ziti. Just imagine me in a hotel room shirtless with ziti all over my chest and my stomach. Eating my ziti with my bare hands. Eating my ziti. Stuffing it in my face. Getting ziti all over the place. That's what you got to do when you stuff your face. Watch this clip as I'm shirtless with my chest hair all wrapped up in ZT. Zeit zy zy z. I like to eaty eaty some ziti. I love to eat some ziti. Unless it makes me sick. I hope that mama ventura doesn't do that. I lost the song and the melody cuz I was too busy eat. >> You like that? NO.
