---
video_id: FcI9kYUhb8Y
channel: JustinScarred
title: "The Alamo, Snake Pit, and Big Texas Boots to fill with an Old Friend"
published: 2026-01-29
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FcI9kYUhb8Y
---
Warning, these animals will bite fingers. >> Ow, I'm being rammed by goats. >> Hey, do you even own any cowboy boots? >> No. >> Do I look like a Texan? >> You do? >> From the waist up. >> The stars at night are big and bright deep in the heart of Texas. Welcome to old downtown San Antonio, Texas, where, as you can hear, there's a lot of construction going on. I almost went to Bies this morning to get some more coffee. There is a Bies in San Antonio. Then I remembered they have free coffee in my hotel. And then I remembered the Alamo. This famous chapel was built in 1744 as part of the Mission San Antonio de Valero. And of course was the last hold out in the Battle of the Alamo in February and March 1836. Things have certainly changed down here since the last time I was in San Antonio filming the Alamo. They have added quite a bit of stuff out here in Alamo Square, including a reconstruction of the palisade out here and more information about the original mission. San Antonio deo definitely gives you a little bit better of an idea of how they defended the Alamo and why they used it as a fort when those fighting for Texas independence decided to use it as a hold down against the Mexican army led by General Santa Anna. Look at all of these different uh I guess they're sort of like models, these bronze models showing what this place was like during the Battle of the Alamo and then its later development and sort of deconstruction. It is the Cradle of Texas Liberty and they're taking it very seriously now, building so much new stuff out here, constructing a whole new museum. And although the mirror maze, the wax museum, and the Ripleys, believe it or not, are still across the street, it looks like some of the more hokey tourist attractions have been removed. Some of these historic buildings downtown are getting quite a facelift. And part of this construction is a whole lot of noise. They're moving cranes around. This weird truck down here is making quite a ruckus. It is quite literally history in the making. My apologies for the noise. I didn't have time to build this vlog to scale or to paint it, but that's okay. Oh, look at that statue of James Buoy right there holding his famous knife right there and his belt. I have no doubt they sell replicas of these in the gift shop. It's an amazing thing to stand here gazing at the Alamo, the cradle of Texas Liberty, as Cotton Hill put it, thinking of the end of those great defenders of Davy Crockett. Despite all the construction, you can still go inside. It is still free to enter. There is no basement in the Alamo, but look at this. Over to the side where the temporary welcome center is located. Look at this sandwich board right here. Apparently PeeWee's bike is here at the Alamo after all. Look at that. The famous Crockett Hotel behind the Alamo. There's the new exhibit building that they are constructing. I'm about to enter the Alamo myself. There's no filming allowed of the church. First time I ever came here in like 2002. I made the mistake of walking in with a disposable camera and taking a flash picture inside the church. That was a big no no. The Texas Rangers were not happy about that. You do have to pay $14 to see the exhibits. You can pay more for a guided tour, but the church itself is free to enter. You just need a timed ticket to prevent crowds. Man, that was awesome going inside. They do actually allow you to take pictures now, just no flash. So, I still would have got in trouble even if I had done it today. Pretty neat to see the little presentation inside about the sacra and uh what it would have looked like the old fresco. It's amazing. They're doing a lot of construction out here. They still have the old museum and gift shop built in the 1930s. Beautiful building. And then some of the new exhibit centers are already open in the back, but you can see, look at the sh of that new one they're building. Wow. They got their living history encampment going on out here. Some volunteers. I think they're going to fire some musketss off later, which is pretty cool. But what I'm looking for is the basement. Dude, this is an absolutely massive space. Much bigger than the space I remember. And still full of artifacts collected by none other than Phil Collins. Yes. Of the Tarzan soundtrack fame. Oh, wow. The amount of swords and cannonballs. It's just astounding. I can't even imagine what they're going to do with all that new space they're going to add. Dude, there's so many artifacts in here. It's so amazing. It's a vast, vast space. Look at this. Some of these old knives were found in the walls of the Alamo. This rusty little blade could have been used in the actual battle. Wow. This is insane. Most of this comes from Phil Collins collection and he's even narrating the story in the back of this exhibit. Oh my gosh, the old boots. Concistador Spurs. It's amazing that this stuff still exists. Unbelievable. Truly unbelievable. Worth every cent of that $14. This is a book that literally belonged to one of the Alamo defenders, Mika Achery. And in the back, the big model narrated >> by Phil Collins. It was one of the main defensive positions. >> Dude, all this time I'm wandering around all the exhibits looking for PeeWee's bike. And there it is right here, right by the front door. Dude, this is so rad. I feel like I found the basement. Freaking Pee-Wee's bike. And this was an actual stunt bicycle used in the 1985 film. As the sign says next to it, many kids of the 1980s first heard of the Alamo by watching Peewee's Big Adventure. Earlier generations definitely found out from Fes Parker and Walt Disney. And of course, let's not forget John Wayne and his famous film filmed out at Alamo Village in what? Bracketville, Texas. Somewhere like that. I've been out there many times back in the day when it was still open. In fact, I sent Adam the Woo there once and he filmed it after it was closed, but before it was kind of mostly dismantled. It is amazing to see this up close and see how cheaply it was constructed cuz it was always meant to just be a prop, right? You just see it on TV or at the cinema for a few seconds each shot, but it just looms so large in all of our brains, all of us who grew up with pee-wee. Of course, when I asked where the pee-wee bike was, I asked by saying, "Where's the basement?" Which they did not understand. And the guy literally said, "There's no basement at the Alamo." Almost exactly the way the lady says it in the movie, but with less laughter. I said, "No, no, no, no. I'm looking for Peewee's bike." Oh, I think we took that down in December. I go, "There's still signs." And lo and behold, it was right next to the front door. This does not surprise me as Texans take the Alamo very seriously. And well, they should. Many, many people lost their lives here. It is the historic center point for San Antonio, Texas. Literally is the cradle of Texas Liberty. So, of course, they take it seriously. It's just surprising that many of them or a few of them or at least one of them did not get the joke. This oak tree was planted in 1965. Look at the size of it. All right, we're looking at the back of the main chapel there. There's the gift shop, which I'm going to just peek into real quick, then move along. Oh, come on. There are some rad t-shirts in here. All right. They're quite pricey, but I did purchase a couple of stickers so I could remember the Alamo. They're pricey because the money goes back into all of this, so I fully support that. Here you have some of the old original walls, some uh statues of the Alamo Defenders. Here you got uh William Barrett Travis, a very important Alamo Defender, and Emily West Morgan, the yellow rose of Texas herself. It is a beautiful place and a great place to stop. Worth a trip in and of itself. But of course, I'm not in San Antonio strictly because of the Alamo. I'm passing through on my journey home on my vision quest and uh was in Florida for a funeral and a burial. Not the most fun thing ever. For my friend Adam the Woo, who by the way loved the Alamo. Anytime he or I would come here, we sent a picture to each other. In fact, he even had a little Alamo tattoo on his arm. Mostly because of Peewee, but also because of the Alamo itself. By the way, there are Pee-Wee bike stickers in the gift shop. Here it is right here. I had to get those. I'm going to stick them inside my van when I get home. Oh, wow. Dude, look at that. The Alamo. I don't think this guy needs any explanation. I think we all know who this is meant to represent. None other than Davy Crockett. Quite a legend. Did a lot of research on Davy Crockett. I was going to do a whole Davy Crockett themed road trip in 2020. Of course, 2020 had other plans for us all. Very strange. The real history of Davy Crockett leaves a lot left to be desired, but also leaves you a lot more to admire than the films. Definitely an interesting character. That is for sure. Going inside really reminds you that the church was just one small part of the kind of fort built up to defend the Alamo down here. And uh you could really tell in the models like look how vast the area was in front of it that they were actually defending. And it really hits home when you walk outside of the chapel and realize most of that space is taken up by buildings and streets now. So, no wonder they're trying to recover some of the site and build all this new stuff out here because the men who gave their lives for Texas independence did so throughout this whole downtown area. Wasn't limited to just the church. Very strange seeing the state troopers out in front with their cowboy hats. I feel like I'm going to get scolded at any second. Seeing all this construction is absolutely astounding to me cuz this used to be just like bars and nightife and hokey tourist attractions outside. Traffic used to go by on this street. You know, people blaring their hip-hop music, those hooligans. It's very exciting to see what this will all end up looking like in the future. Basically just waiting around now because they're supposed to fire off some musketss in about 20 minutes. And uh there's no point scadaddling until we see that. Just roaming around while I'm waiting for the musket firing. Look at this. You can get some vapes over here and also some less expensive t-shirts if you're so inclined. Of course, the money from the more expensive ones at the gift shop goes towards the Alamo Reconstruction and Preservation. But if you just want the most bang for your buck, come out to Liberty, your onestop shop. Running away a little farther. Of course, I had to come down and check out the Riverwalk, which was just closed by ice a few days ago. What the heck, Johnny Depp? This is like the most beautiful and cool part of San Antonio. I mean, other than the Alamo itself. Look what they've done with their river here. And we got a massive river running through Anaheim, California, where I'm from. It looks nothing like this. It's gorgeous. You got hotels and restaurants down here. I was going to say, look at these beautiful flower pots. Look how much people care down here. And then of course there's the can of Kors Light. It wouldn't be a party without it. I don't know why, but I love that the Rainforest Cafe is down here. It just seems It just seems perfect for some reason. and CVS. You can come to CVS. There's a five and dime across the way. Very quiet out here. Every other time I've been here, there's all kinds of people eating and drinking. I mean, it is kind of early in the morning. Well, not really. We're getting towards noon, but still, it's more of a nighttime place. I guess that winter storm did a doozy on uh on travelers right now, so I feel kind of spoiled. I got the whole Riverwalk to myself at the moment. No, kids, if you see a sign like this, don't do it. And ah a riverwalk cat. It doesn't want to be friends. Just wants to look. He just likes to hold it. If not friend, why friend shaped? All right, back up to the surface. Back up to the Alamo. Oh, it's so loud down here. Don't they know we're trying to film random land? I feel like John Wick would be very pleased with what's about to happen down here. Oh, here they come. The brave Alamo defenders. H. This lady's loading her musket or rifle. Probably musket. >> Thank you. >> Oh my gosh, that was loud. By the way, she did have a rifle. >> The other guys have muskets to 100 yard. But they're not necessarily worried to all the men fighting in the Texas Revolution against Mexico as land pirates. They are not to receive any court or they are not to be taken prison. So they will fight to the death. >> Ready. All right. The firing has ceased. Nothing to do now but make my way back to the car. Dude, the amount of time that they have to load between shots. Imagine the anxiety you would feel in between each one of those. Just the enemy coming towards you, the whole deal. Crazy. Speaking of deals, look at this. The two taco meal deal. Come on down to the Alamo and get yourself a bargain. All right. San Antonio has many attractions, but chief among them is one of my favorite friends who lives down here in San Antonio. my good friend Oscar Lopez, who I have not seen for many years. In fact, since the last time I was down here at the Alamo, going to grab the car, saddle up, go see my buddy. >> You may remember my friend Oscar from such adventures as the Clown Motel, some Death Valley Star Wars filming locations, and of course, his own YouTube channel that he had for a while, Oscars Odyssey. He moved back home to San Antonio a few years ago. Pretty stoked to see him. Apparently, the most popular video on his channel was here at the Snake Farm Zoo. Oscar's back. What's up, dude? >> Nothing much. >> You like this freaking snake farm? It's your favorite place. We're going to >> I'm always here. That's why I don't make videos anymore. >> Cuz you're just always here. You did the one video. What's there What's there to do now? >> I don't know. >> Oscar works at a hospital. Sort of. >> Yeah, sort of. >> Kind of. You sort of saved people's lives, right? You saved a life for two. >> One or two. >> He's not a doctor, though, so don't ask him for money. I used to see this sign off the side of the highway way back in the day, but I have never gone in the Snake Farm Zoo. And like snake farms were such a popular attraction back in the day along like Texas highways, Louisiana highways, all the way west to California before the era of Disneyland. Dude, the snake farm was king. We're bringing it back today. Kicking it back old school. Well, the Alamo and the Snake Farm, which by the way has a very Alamo-ish. Is everything here shaped like that? I think it is. >> Dude, we drove past the dentist office shaped like the Alamo. The Taco Bell's kind of shaped like the Everything's shaped like the Alamo. >> This has definitely been upgraded since I was last. >> I know. It looks nice and it smells nice. And I guess I'm passing by cages already with What's What are What What are these? Snakes. Oh my lord, Oscar. A snake at the snake zoo. Get out of town. I just randomly told Oscar like, "Hey, you got to hold this." And handed him the the uh what's it called? The petting zoo food. >> Yeah, the feed. >> I just don't like holding things. >> No branding. >> So, there it is. The snake farm zoo. And uh I asked about filming. Filming is okay. They have some animal encounters here that look pretty good, but no filming of the animal encounter. So, we're not going to hold the fenic fox today as much as I want to. Dude, I want to hold a fox. They look soft. >> They do. Oh, look at that Arizona black rattlesnake. I almost stepped on a rattlesnake in Amarillo or like outside Amarillo last year when I was with London doing Route 66. Nope. >> I almost stepped right on I yelled an expletive and London has never let me live it down. Oh, here's a uh Madagascar treeboa. Oscar just told me that he heard that rattlesnakes are evolving to not rattle. >> Yes. >> So that we don't kill them. >> Yeah. So we don't >> So now they're going to be silent but deadly. >> Yes. But they're going to have the rattle. It's just that they're not going to use it. >> Dude, they did too good of a job on these habitats cuz the snakes really blend in. It's kind of fun though. It's like where's Waldo? Like you really have to work for it. >> This one's good. >> Which one's good? >> Look for that one. Look at the snake in there. >> I do not. Oh my gosh. Now I see it. >> Yeah. There's two of them. >> There's two of them. >> Yeah. >> Together. Oh yeah. Look at their two little heads. Are they venomous, Oscar? They have rattles. Probably. Oh, yeah. Tiger rattlesnake. I wonder if they had those at the Tiger King place. That's a That's the worst joke, Dude. That's bad. That's just dumb. >> Okay. Supposedly, there's a bird eater. >> I wonder if they haded the tiger. They had a bird eater tarantula right here, but we cannot find it. It's supposed to be like the biggest tarantula, I think. Not that I love spiders, but I wanted to see it, but he's hiding in the dark recesses of one of those house plants my grandma has, I will say. Oh, see this one? He's into it. Look at that. He wants to be seen. Look at the size of those eyes. Jeez, look at those ohos. Oscar, we were looking at the tarantula cage and Oscar's like, "What if the guy came out and said, "Oh, that one's not in there." I wouldn't know the difference. There's the California, what is a California king snake? >> Yeah. >> He doesn't mind being on camera. He's from California. There's the red spitting cobra. These snakes are very shy. >> Not as active as the ones I saw in Raiders of the Lost Arc. Look at this puff adder down here. I don't think uh that would be a good thing to step on out in the wild. Pretty sure he's pretty Oh, it changed. But pretty sure he's pretty deadly. >> Yeah, he's a viper. He's deadly. That's why they call him the puff daddy. I'm not on my today. I can't do it. What' you say? >> I thought they were touchreens, but they're not. >> No, it was like it's a Hila monster. I saw one of those one time in the wild finally in Arizona like at a truck stop just cruising around. There was a big freaking uh Roadrunner and a Hila monster. It was like a nature center that day. Oh, something's moving. Yes, keep moving. We need dynamic shots. Oh, this guy's not moving. Look at him. He's judging me. He's not into the jokes. It's okay. Neither am I. Oh, are there turtles? Flat ass turtles. >> You're like so surprised. You're like, they're flat turtles. Somebody stepped on them. >> Not cool. >> Oh, there's a whole bunch of them. >> I know. >> What the heck? Why are they all flat like that? >> That is weird. Pancake tortoise. That makes sense. >> Pancake tortoise. I've never even heard of that before. Oh, it's from Africa. I've never been to Africa. Just watching that lizard move down there, which I don't know what it's called. Oh, ornate spinytailed lizard. The digital sign has come to my a look at this guy. Yes, they needed you in Jurassic Park. I don't know. I don't know why. All right, there's more snakes here at the snake museum than I was expecting. But look at this over here. We got some crocodiles. Those are the cutest crocodiles I've ever seen. Dwarf crocodiles. West African dwarf crocodiles. Might be the cutest monsters I've ever seen. Oh my gosh. It's impossible to give you a sense of scale, but that's like a fulls size log. Look at the size of those. What are they? Boa constrictors or something. They're huge. >> We need to get more science in here. >> Yeah, they need more. Oh, it's reticulated python. I just saw it before it switched over to the dwarf crocodile. >> I was waiting for this one to switch. >> Reticulated python. Do you ever see that movie Anaconda with Jennifer Lopez? Oscar? >> Yes. >> She's got the same name as you. Are you guys related? >> No. >> Can you dance like her though? >> Does she dance? I don't remember. >> Jennifer Lopez got >> remember she has a butt. >> I think I most of us do. >> I know. But it's like mine. It's like kind of big. >> Oh, >> like that. So, it runs in the Lopez family. That's >> what it is. That's what we do. >> Oh, look at Komodo dragon. Look at that. A He looks He doesn't look that mean. Hey guys, it's me, Fred Komodo. I don't know why they call me a dragon. I just like to lay and listen to the sound of the waterfall. He looks friendly. Can we pet him? I got to give kudos to this place because like all the different snakes and lizards and geckos and things, they've all got different plants in their habitats presumably. There's one thing right there. Look at that thing. I don't know what it is. What is it? A new Caledonian giant gecko. They've all got plants presumably from their home lands because all the plants and little environments are different. Oh, they got a corn snake up here. I was hoping for a slip knot snake, but I'll take a corn snake. Okay, we just found out this is not just what you see inside of this place. Got some more rattlesnakes here. Some copper heads. I don't know what's in here except for this little bug fly. >> They got a moth. That's awesome. That's so cool. >> There's a whole outdoor area. Oh, there's a Texas long-nosed snake in here. >> Come on. Get out from behind that cactus. We want to see your long nose, dude. It's more snakes in here than a sauna. Look at this guy. Wow. The blue beauty ratnake. Finally, one's climbing around. I was going to say maybe they're all holding still cuz it's cold, but it's not cold in here. It's very warm inside their enclosures. Oscar just told me he didn't lose any power during the storm, so I probably should have just came here and hung out with you. the last couple days instead of just sitting in Lake Charles. >> Yep. >> We or you could have came to me though. We could have gone to the casino. >> No, I had to work. >> I'm trying to convince Oscar to restart the Odyssey and he said someone left a comment on one of his old videos from like 2022 and was like, "Hey, time for a new vlog." And you're like, "Okay." >> Yeah. >> Yes. >> Yeah. I'll do it. I'm coming back. >> Ah, this is very fascinating. >> So, the alligators are where they're supposed to. >> The blue tree monitor. This one's busy monitoring the ground, but his buddy is indeed monitoring the tree. What is it? What is this one? >> Eastern diamond back. >> Eastern diamond back. No, the one I almost stepped on was not as big as that. It was just your plain old regular Texas. That is a big freaking snake. You know what this literally is right here? Slash would love this cuz it's a snake pit. I don't think I've ever actually seen a snake pit. Yes. Dreams come true in Texas. Oh, look at that. He's moving around. They got Mike Rose's Dirty Jobs playing on the screen above this snake pit right here. >> I'm so paranoid about dropping anything in there cuz I'd have to go in after it and charm these snakes. Hey, look at the cutest little tiny little thing. Look at that little tortoise. >> It is so small. It's so cute. I want it. I don't think I'm allowed to have it, but I want it. >> I could just put him in the chicken coop. He could survive out there. >> Look how little that thing is. I don't know why we're laugh. We're just laughing about how cute the little It's so tiny. Seriously, there's my finger. It's not far away from it. Look how little Look how determined he is. I can do it. I can make I'm stuck. No, I'm not stuck. They are very stoked that Micro is here. >> They got the video playing. They got the the 8 by10. They got the shirt. They got the newspaper article. They got it all. Hey, maybe one day they'll have a frame with us in it. Like Oscar and Justin came here. Oscar held these cups for We should probably go use those. Look it. We can get the same t-shirt as Mike Row. We'll be famous. Something sexy about snakes. Just something sexy about them. Okay, now we're going to do it. We're going to go outside. By the way, they also have Cappy Bars here. I don't know. Oscar brought this up early. He's like, "Why are Cappy bars so popular now?" I don't know. >> I remember like years and years ago my ex being like, "I want to go to South America so I could see a cappy bar. I had never heard of one before. Now they're everywhere." And those axelottle things. >> Yeah, people love axelottles. Oh my gosh, look at these chickens and peacocks everywhere. And Asian small clawed otter. My favorite kind of otter. Oh my gosh, that one's picking something up. He's got a leaf or something. Look at them. Look at these otterters. They are so Dude, I want to pick those up. They look so fluffy and cute. Oscar just said, "What is this peacock's deal?" >> side eyeing me. >> He keeps looking at you. >> I don't have anything for you. >> He does not like the cut of your jib, sir. He doesn't like it. He's like turning his head backwards. >> Stop. Yeah, we uh opted not to get any peacock food, which I think was a mistake now because they look orary. Oh, I might go in and pay for the encounter after all. Look at that little fox. He looks so excited to see us. We could have pet that fox for a nominal fee. It was only nominal. Oh, it's moving. Why are the animals here so cute? It's sniffing, Oscar. It's adorable. Is it going to go get that bird? Bird, I think you're in the wrong cage. That's a predator bird. Must be a Texas bird cuz it does not care. Holy moly, look at the size of this place. We should probably get We should probably go to the petting zoo first, which is on the other side, just so Oscar doesn't have to hold these cups forever. But yeah, you can pay for animal encounters. And I guess you go in here. They told us like, "Yeah, you get 15 minutes alone with the animals." And I was like, "That's a very strange way to phrase it, but all right, do it. Go for a swim. Otter, don't let me down." I think they're all just trying to be warm. They're all looking for a little bit of sunlight. It's in the 50s, though, so it's a lot nicer than it has been. There's a toucan enclosure over here. They're inside the enclosure within an enclosure. Maybe because the temperatures, I don't know. Dude, this place goes on and on forever. Oh, there's the capiara right over there. That is the biggest rodent ever. Literally, it's the world's largest rodent, the capiara. See, as cool as that is, I don't think I would have paid for the capiara encounter because they don't look that soft. >> They don't. >> They look kind of They look kind of wiry. Like, if there was a blanket made out of that, I wouldn't choose it. I'd be like, "No, I'm good." >> You offended it and stopped chewing. >> No, you can't offend a cabbie bar. Everybody knows that. Dude, look at the size of those things. I keep saying that, but there's so many large animals here. That is a big rodent. It doesn't even look real. Also, it looks like it's wearing eyeliner. Probably left over from dirty jobs. That chicken just landed and clucked at you. It's like, Oscar, why didn't you get the chicken food? >> You're supposed to bring meal worms. Hello. Hello. Oh my gosh. >> Look at that. Armadillos just came running. What were they doing? They're chasing each other. Okay, that is cool. Whoa, dude. These armadillos just keep running around in here. They were trying to dig out their friend. There's one of them under this log. And Oscar can't come see the armadillos. This chicken just he's upset. He wants your He wants your cup of food right there. Look at these guys go. Oh. Oh, the recluse. How come they don't offer animal encounters with the armadillos? Is it because of the leprosy? Doesn't look like the regular like Texas looking armadillos that I see all over the roads. These guys look special. Look at them. That's amazing. I would like to see the sign, sir. Excuse Excuse me. I'm trying to It's a sixbanded armadillo. Whoa. It flapped its wings upon me. Sixband armadillo. The yellow armadillo found in South America. Says it's closely related to sloths. And yet they are moving around at quite a clip. Look at them go. Poor Oscar just wants to see the ar that chicken. >> I'm keeping the food over here so he's like he's genuinely upset with you. >> No. >> What? He's following us. He's coming down the rail. >> No. Oh no. Feels good to laugh, man. I've been doing a lot of crying lately. Not to be unmanly about it, but feels good to laugh. >> Stop. You don't even eat this. >> Okay, just Oh, we'll just bribe him. Is that good? You like that? I don't even think you can eat those. >> Oscar was saying he thinks this has changed a lot since he was here filming his video. Oh, you can find it by looking up Oscar's Odyssey and Snake Farm. I think the chickens must have been less aggressive back then cuz Oscar did not look prepared for today. Look, he looks upset. That's your new best friend, dude. You got your own Julio now. Wait, this happened before? >> Yeah, last time I was here, there's a mini rooster. It reminded me that one maybe grown up, >> just chasing you around. >> Yeah, >> the roosters don't like you, man. You think they taste good, Oscar? You're a Texan. You're into barbecue. >> I mean, probably. >> Would you eat a capy bar? >> Yeah, we smoked it for a couple hours. >> It's pooping. It's pooping on camera, guys. That's not the encounter I was hoping for. Oh, no. Oscar. >> They're after you. Oh, wow. Okay, this is kind of cool. These very large owls, the Eurasian eagle owl. And I remember you told me a story about a giant owl in San Antonio. You were leaving the library with your exwife. >> Yes. >> And you were supposed to take her home to her grandma's house or something. >> And then >> there was a giant owl in the middle of the road. Giant big. Way bigger than that. >> But what is that called? Latrusa or something? >> Lusa. >> Lrusa. It's like a spirit, right? >> Yeah. It's supposed to be a witch. >> Supposed to be a witch. >> Yeah, it's a witch. >> It's like Mexican folklore. >> With a Yeah, with a with a witch's face. >> An owl with Did it have a witch's face? >> It was It's backless to me. And it wouldn't get out of the thing. It was probably about 3t tall. three foot tall. >> It was probably like this tall. I could see it over my dashboard and I pulled up to it. It wouldn't move and I needed to get home cuz I was still young and I had a curfew. So, I was like, "Come on, you got to go cuz my dad's going to get mad." So, I like nudged it a couple times with my car and then it finally took away >> and it put a curse on you. >> Yep. >> Cuz you later got divorced from that same girl. >> It's all lata. >> That fixed it. I mean, there you go. >> We are surrounded. We've got to go to the petting zoo immediately and get rid of this cup of food because of these freaking chickens. Look at even there's a some kind of fowl. Ooh, that's a orangey looking chicken. He wants the food. The goats want the food. Oh my gosh, they're all staring. Oscar. >> Yes, >> they're all looking at me. They're hungry. Oscar, >> that's scary. >> They want our blood. Oh, no. No, no, no, no. This toothy llama. >> How are we supposed to get in there? >> I don't know. >> Okay, you go that way with the cup and I'll go in and then I'll take No, it's not working. >> Maybe. Okay, it's working. Go, llama. Go that way, llama. >> Llama. Llama. >> I cannot believe that worked. Okay, I'm going in. I'm making a run for it. There's a miniature cow in here. Okay, hand me one of the cups real quick. All right, I'm going to make a RUN FOR YOU. NO, OSCAR. OW. I'M BEING RAMMED BY GOATS. >> I'm being rammed. Look at this guy, Oscar. He's got the food. Go ram him, dude. Look at this. Look at the sh of that crowd. Look at the miniature cows. Watch out for that llama, Oscar. Oh, look at the deer. I want to feed the deer. Oh my gosh. You can't take the whole cup. You can't take the whole cup, my dear. That's an aggressive deer. Ow ow ow ow. Genuinely, I'm a little scared. These goats keep bashing me. What are you doing, goat? Oh, fudge. Okay, I have to pour some on the ground. Here, deer. Take it. Take it. Take my alpha. Alpha llama. Oh, the llama's angry. I'm out of I'm out of Look, the cup's over there, llama. I haven't pet one thing. We couldn't pet any of the the animals. I just wanted to pet the miniature cow. Uh because the very scary llama keeps coming close. Look at these little deer. Are these munchjack deers? They're very tiny. And of course, I gave up my cup, so they have no interest in me anymore. They are actively I just want to pet you. Is that okay? It's a petting zoo. Oh, I got one little pet. They're not afraid. They're just like, "Oh, hello." That llama. I don't know what it is. Or alpaca, whatever it is. Hi. Look at this. Finally. Finally, a deer to pet. Look at I'm petting a little deer who's not very interested in being peted. Just wants a cup of food. I think if it wasn't for the llama and the Whoa. That goat right there that keeps ramming other animals and me, I'd be very much enjoying this experience. Look at this crazy What is that chicken? The Don King chicken. I like the deer because they're way more chill. They're still trying to figure out where the food is. See, like, what do you got in your hand? I don't got nothing. I dumped it all over the ground because I was in terror for my life. Okay, there's some kind of creature in here. A Patagonian cavy. Look at that. I've never heard of that in my life. It's like a big chinchilla cross with a kangaroo kind of. What do you want? What do you want? The goats have started making a lot of noise. The deer are all looking around. What's going on? Oh, there's a cappy bar nursery back here. So, they're getting more than alalfa. Look at the capiara in the back. Much easier to see these ones. No offense. These must be the babies. Although they look just as big. Look at that. They look just as big as the other ones. Pro tip, dude. Come see the capiara back here. No offense. Way smaller. >> You think they're smaller? >> Yeah. >> They're the baby capiaras. Cappy babies. Dude, you look pretty nervous out there. >> The the goat kept hitting me and biting me. >> I know. It was worrying me like I don't want to be rammed by a goat. I mean, I've never heard of someone getting speared by the goat horns, but it does seem possible. Yep. >> Made me Wait a minute. Why are they all begging for food? Look at this. They got a whole barn full of hay. They got so much hay in here. Hi, little goat. >> Let me pet you, goat. The goat will let me know. I have no friends forever alone. Hello. Hi guys. I don't have any more food for you. Look at this little one. It's so small. Hello little goat. That little goat could ram me. It wouldn't hurt that much. This one on the other hand, I don't know. All right. You've got a thing in your mouth. Let me Is this even one? Oh, >> is it soft? >> Yes, it's so soft. That's why they make blankets. What if it kicked you? >> I know. >> You are very soft. It doesn't mind being pet on his back. A little scratch there. Doesn't like the head as much. Oh no, now we're friends. Me and Toothy are best friends. Oh, hello cows. You think they give off like miniature milk? Didn't you have a mini cow? >> No, mini horses. >> Oh, yeah. You have mini horses, but you don't have them anymore. >> No. >> So, you don't have that many horses? No. >> Kind of works. Sort of. It's the deer I want to pet. And the deer, >> they look like, "Do you have a cup?" And if you don't have a cup, they're not interested. >> Oh, I have a cup. You want to >> The deer are snoody. Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Let me hold the cup and try to escape. Okay. >> They don't care now. >> Oh, now they don't care. >> I thought that was going to be the money shot with all of them following me. Ha! I deceived you. I pet you. You couldn't stop me from Nope, it's not in that hand. It's in the other hand. All right, I'm going to try to make my way out of here. I think the goats are distracted. Once again, though, why were they going so crazy? Whoa, whoa, whoa. What's going on here? Stampede. Why were they going so crazy? If they have a whole barn full of hay in the back, they must really love alalfa. >> Look at this tiny chicken. >> What? It's a little baby. Oh my gosh. Look at this. I had little chicks at home myself. Oh, it's so small. >> It's like one chicken McNugget. >> Oh, okay. I'm putting it back down. Go home, little baby. Whoa. Watch out, Mr. Goat. Mr. Goat. Excuse me, sir. I want to exit. My shoes are encrusted with goat feces, as you do in Texas. We probably could keep these cups. Maybe. But there's a recycling station over here. And to be honest with you, I have enough cups. I go to snake farms all the time, Oscar. I can't get enough of them. >> You have an issue. >> All right. From the petting zoo, we're going next door to the crocodile swamp or alligator swamp. I can't tell the difference. I'm not a zoologologist. >> I mean, I can tell the difference if I get close, but Oh, I thought that was real. I thought you were about to get attacked by a loose GA. I tried to buy some alligator meat in Louisiana, but there was none around cuz all the alligator farms were closed because of the storm. Looks like this is where they do some shows. I think one of the animal encounters you can do, by the way, there's supposed to be a big tortoise in here. I think one of the animal encounters you can do. Ah, look at the size of that snake is uh is to hold a little gator. Probably one of those little dwarf gators that we saw inside or crocodiles. Look at those things. They're massive out there. Still a little cold for them. So, they're probably not moving around too much today. I just like there's way more of them than I thought there were at first. Like you keep looking and you keep seeing more gators. Oh my goodness. Look at the size of that snake. Is it the snake's yard time? >> Is it the snake's yard time? >> Pretty much. >> Time to go outside. Mr. Snake reminds me of everybody's mother-in-law. >> All right, everybody. Here in about 5 minutes, we are going to start our 1:30 show over here at our main stage. If anybody can hear me and wants to come and check it out, it's going to be like 3 hours and >> there's nobody here but me and Oscar. >> Does this mean we have to stay? I think so. All right, we are distracted from the nice lady petting her snake because back over here there's a hyena just chilling back here. That hyena is just taking a nap in the sun. And it gets better cuz I wasn't expecting hyenas or greywolves. Apparently there's some grey wolves somewhere back here. But look at these animals just lying around. There are two white lions, male and female, just chilling back there showing their bellies. Big kitties. I know it's kind of hard to see. Big fence for uh for obvious reasons, but they are lions and I'm not lying. I don't know if you can see that. You see the big boy lion out there? It's sticking his tongue out. A I wanted to show you the red roughed lemur and whatever that monkey is. But the lady's starting her show and we are the only people here. So, we're going to go watch it. Make her make it worth her time. She can't play with the snake all alone. She can't just show it to nobody. We're back. We want to see the snake. So, she did a great job with the snake show. Some more people did show up during it. And then I asked a very stupid question at the end. >> Have any questions about Simon before heading in this afternoon? >> What does he say? Sorry, that was dumb. >> Any other questions? >> I think we missed. Did they How many stomachs do they have? >> How many stomachs? >> What? And then we got to see the hyena turn around. A That is the cutest hyena I've ever seen. The Lion King gave these guys a bad rep. Look at that. Adorable. It's not Even the hyena's not laughing at my jokes today, Oscar. Oh, look. The most dangerous animal of them all, man. Oh, there's the wolves. I see him. Oh my gosh. I didn't even notice earlier when we were out here. There's a freaking cougar. Look at the size of that mountain lion. Hi, kitty. I want to pet that cat. Bless you. Oh, look at this. Finally, we've got some lemur movement. What's up, lemur? That is so cool. The red roughed lemur. He looks pretty rough. He looks like you could take me in a fight, that's for sure. You look pretty red and rough, buddy. What? WHAT? YES. I think this is a lemur politician. He just keeps talking. He's done now. He's done. That's the most I've ever heard a lemur talk. >> That was scary. I got some monkeys up here. But the monkeys are busy cleaning each other picking away fleas. And it's Texas, so probably some ticks. That or that monkey on the left is a proctologist. You knew what I was going to say. Look at that. We got some American bison back here. Some buffalo. And then way over on the other side, I see zebras. >> Drama. Oh, the exam's over, Oscar. It's your turn next. >> How old are you now? >> 40. >> You're at that age, man. You need you might need an exam. >> I need to warn these animals will bite fingers. Got the white cheicked gibbon in here. Oh, it's so tiny. That's like the little uh little Jack from Pirates of the Caribbe. A. Can you see that? It's hard to see through the fence. That is so cute. I have a suspicion they'd bite, though. Why do they always look so itchy? Oh, no. No. Look at this. I like to move it. Move it. Whoa. The ringtailed lemur. Lemur. Oh, they heard my cry. There's more of them. This one looks like he's trying to escape. Lemur. Whoa. It's weird that the lemurs listen and look right into your eyes and then talk. You got anything to say? For the record, you like snakes? No. All right. This might be the weirdest looking freaking chicken I've ever What is that chicken doing? No idea. >> He's got his cowboy boots on. Help. Help. Help. Help. Help. Help. Okay, you can mine for gems here, but the real gems are the jokes today. They've got parrots over here. I got to be careful how much uh screen time I give these parrots because they are pretty foulmouthed. Sure. Now you're being good when the camera's on. Apparently, you have the option to feed the camels, which might be why they are coming closer to us. Look at this. The camel is approaching. I hear a very deep voice. Is that your sign? >> No, it's George. >> Oh, George. George Salazar from California. George, look at this camel, George. Oh my goodness. Please do not spit on us, sir. Oh, no. He's spitting. Or he's got He's drooling. It's a drooling camel. >> I've never seen that kind. Oh, dude. If that thing bit you, that would hurt so bad. I'm sorry. I'm not talking smack. I'm just just trying to call it how it is. Got some smaller camels out there and some zebra. This camel really wants to be You want to be friends, camel. >> I remember when you used to sell tobacco. I can't get over I can't get over these weird chickens right here. Anyway, that's it. Animal World and Snake Farm Zoo. See, now if it said Animal World much bigger outside, I maybe would have been more prepared. I thought we were going to stop here for like 10 minutes, see some snakes. Instead, we're over here getting some camel selfies. as you do. Look at these chickens waddling around. All right, camels. We're getting out of here. No offense. We're out of food. The camel is excreting and growling. It is unhappy. We gave all the food to the little cute deer. We didn't know. We didn't know. It's making very disturbing sounds. >> I don't like that. >> You had a mini horse, but did you ever have a camel? >> No. Oh, can you guys hear that? That is not our stomach. >> I don't like that. >> I don't like it. It's trying to regurgitate something. All right, camel. We're leaving now for real. What do you think about that? Huh? You like it? Poor camel. We'll get it some brisket later. We'll come back tomorrow. Oh, one more animal on the way out. The wild North American tree. All right, the Snake Farm Zoo. We did it. It's much nicer on the inside than you would think it would be from the graphic design on the sign. Oh, now I see Animal World is right on there. Spent a lot longer in there than I meant to spend. But now Oscar is going to take me to see something even more Texasy. I had to wash my pants off, Oscar, cuz the goat climbed up on me and left some remnants. >> You got more. >> Oh no, >> you missed it. >> Oh no. Now it looks like I peed for no reason. Anyway, uh we were what was that? New Bron Falls. So, we were a little north. We're headed back to San Antonio now to see the most Texas thing ever. I'm so excited. >> One thing I like about Texas, bro. The frontage roads. How many frontage roads in California? No frontage roads at all. And the turnarounds. There's going to be a turnaround up here, right? >> Yep. We're going to use it. >> Yes. The turnaround dedicated Uturn lanes. Look at this right here. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Well, there's a big truck in the way so you can't really see. This lane right here doesn't go left in the intersection. It goes left before the intersection. I know people from Texas and other places are like, "What are you talking about? We got those all the We got those everywhere." Not in California. We don't. Right, Oscar? >> Right. >> There's no turnarounds there. Whoa. Also, there's no yield signs anywhere in California. People just don't We just ignore those if there are. There we go. Look, we turned around and we didn't stop at a red light. Ah, it's a freaking Texas miracle, dude. And here's the other Texas miracle. I didn't know it was at the mall. No, we're not going shopping. It's Saks Fth Avenue. Although, I mean, I guess we could. Do you need anything from Saks Fifth Avenue? >> No, I'm good. I'm good. >> You good? You sure? You don't need any bracelets, some jewelry, some accessories, some Crocs. Do they sell Crocs there? >> Yeah, they do have a Croc store. >> Do they really? >> Yeah, I bought my Ghostbuster Crocs there. >> Look at the Cheesecake Factory. That's where they make all the cheesecake. Oh, I think I made a wrong turn. We don't want valet parking. No. Oh my gosh. This is it. Right here OUTSIDE THE NORTHSTAR MALL. THE WORLD'S LARGEST COWBOY BOOTS. I DON'T KNOW WHY I'M YELLING. Seems uncalled for. Look at this. The world's largest cowboy boots right out here in front of them all. They are absolutely gargantuan. And you know I'm going to say it. Would you LOOK AT THE SIZE OF THEM BOOTS? >> 35 ft 3 in tall. Okay. >> 35 or 33 feet long and weighs 10,000 lb. >> What size is that? >> I think >> in a men's in a men's boot. >> 197. >> 35 ft tall. Is seven alleys tall. Oscar. Seven alleys can stand on each other right here by the Oh, seven alleys. That would be awesome. Seven alleys standing next to these boots. So, this is like the Taj Mahal of San Antonio, I'm assuming. I'm assuming you guys come out here all the time just to gaze. >> It's the Alamo and then we come out here. >> Oh yeah, the Alamo first and then the boots. Maybe the snake farm in the middle. You're feeling loose. Yes, that is so freaking cool. Oscar's examining the the hob nails down there. The crazy thing is I bet honestly people from San Antonio, they're just cruising up and down the freeway right here. You probably cruise by this thing all the time and just take it for granted, but to me, a giant boot is a thing of wonder. Look at them boots. I saw the world's oldest, largest pecan yesterday, and now I'm seeing the world's largest cowboy boots. I don't know if there's anything left to do. Feel like I should just go home now and just give up. Just end the channel. I've seen it all. Look at the size of that. That is freaking cool. You could do one heck of a boot scoot boogie with those. Hey, do you even own any cowboy boots? >> No. >> You were born here, right, in Texas? I thought it was a law. Don't you have to own them? >> I'm in the market. >> You're in the market? >> Well, there's a pair right here. And they look free for the taking, dude. That is awesome. Look at the size of them boots. Pretty hard boots to fill. Oscar was just lowering the mood telling me that he thinks he's seen a video of Adam here. But that's kind of like Simpsons did it. You ever see that sound park? It's like >> Yeah. >> Adam went everywhere. So, it's hard not to go someplace he went. Luckily, I haven't seen that video. So, you uh failed to bum me out. Sorry, buddy. >> I'll be bummed out later when I'm alone. >> Okay. >> All right. I know you can't top the boots, but we're here at Oscar's favorite restaurant, the Tai Bird. What? >> Don't put this on. >> It's Oscar's favorite restaurant. It's supposedly gluten-free. Thy bird. He loves gluten-free food. He can't get enough of it. >> I love gluten for the record. >> Thai food. What is it? Ty bird. Chicken and wine. See, look at this. All glutenfree. Glutenfree chicken tenders with rice and sauces. No gluten for Oscar. Look at this. We're sitting at two different tables cuz Oscar didn't want to look like a couple. That's a lie. I just wanted to manspread a little over here. Look at this t This stuff looks really good. It's all gluten-free. >> Here you go. >> Thank you. I'm so I'm stoked about this. A >> That was so good. Even Oscar was happy and they didn't even give you a side of gluten and you were just fine. Okay, we're back at the Alamo and I just asked Oscar, how often do you actually come here? >> Whenever you're in town. >> And that's it. >> Yep. Oh, so the last time you were here is what, 2019? >> Yeah. Coy times. >> And then here we are now. >> We're back at the Alamo. You would think that uh if you live in San Antonio, you just come here every day. >> No. >> What about the Riverwalk? Do people that live here actually come to the Riverwalk? >> We don't do that. >> Really? >> No. Only when we have people coming into town and we want to show them how beautiful our city is. >> You're like, "Look at this river." >> Like, but don't eat it. Don't eat down there. It's too expensive. >> You know what else I noticed, Oscar? Since I've been in Texas, not one person has said howdy >> to me. >> Is that normal or do they just they just hat? Okay. >> They they know you're not a Texan cuz they're wearing that hat. >> So if I bought a big like 10 gallon hat, they would say howdy. >> Or if it said something like along the lines of like I'm cool, I'm from Texas or like howdy, >> Texas native or something, they'd be like howdy. >> Or an armadillo. That's a big one. >> Okay. Get a freaking armadillo hat. Well, there you go. That's going to wrap it up. I figured we would end at the beginning. San Antonio, Texas. Remember the Alamo, everybody. Any parting words? >> Um, or I just stole them. I stole them right out of your mouth. >> Yeah, you just stole them. >> How often do you remember the Alamo? Honestly, >> uh, every minute I have an alarm that goes off on my phone. It's like, remember, I do it. I'm like, oh, yeah. >> All right, guys. If you want to help keep the show on the road the rest of the year, the links are in the description. Ah, the vision quest continues. I'm sure there'll be more sad days, but today was a good day with my friend Oscar Lopez. Oscar's Odyssey on YouTube. If you want to see what the snake farm used to look like, go leave him a comment. Tell him to uh tell him to make some more YouTube videos because they are funny. Oscar's a good guy. And with that, we've done our duty. Go home, sleep well. Heat up here. All right. So, supplementary material here. I went to the Out West, Southwest, and Western Jewelry, clothing, and gifts, and Oscar convinced me to make a purchase. Here it is, y'all. Howdy. >> I think it looks great. >> Do I look like a Texan? >> You do. >> From the waist up completely. >> Like, would you buy this? >> You got to hide. >> Hide the Muppets. >> The Muppets. Yeah, >> the Muppets are cool. >> Yeah, but they're not really texting. >> Okay, they're not texting. What is >> I like a Get a >> I got a Bucky shirt on. >> There you go. >> Underneath. Look at >> There you go. Completed. I'm a man now. And it happened here. >> Only took 40 something years >> at the Alamo. So, watch out. Why' I buy this hat? You did this to me. Peer pressure is real, people. >> Supplementary material part two. The Alamo welcome center I was in earlier. What did you just say to me? >> Then the movie blank check when he goes to like an ice cream shop. >> 1993's blank check. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is the ice cream shop that they that they go to with the limo. You can see the shot and they're in front of this little shop. It used to be >> I did not know that was filmed in San Antonio. >> Well, the house is in Austin. >> So the next time I come here, we're doing a whole day of blank check filming location. That's what we would have done today. I didn't know. >> Well, now I got I got to get you back here somehow. Oh my gosh. Blank check. The best movie ever. Maybe one of >> the chick was hot. >> This snake really doesn't want to be on YouTube. He's literally hiding under the dirt. He's not into it. Got a lot of lizards in here hiding in their enclosures. >> I really miss George right now, dude. Cuz I love all We had all the best adventures. You, me, and George. We had the best adventures. I love this guy, dude. Just the posture. Hey guys, you guys got any coffee? I don't know why I said water like that. I spent a little too much time in the south. I guess they got some boas in here. One up here. And one taking a dip. >> Can he breathe under there? Where's his head? Oh, his head's just sticking out of THE WATER. OSCAR. OW. I'VE BEEN RAMMED BY GOATS.
