---
video_id: d7AM1Tfzagg
channel: JustinScarred
title: "Walt Disney's house needs your HELP! Laugh-O-Gram reopening? And an end to the Scrooge McDuck saga??"
published: 2026-04-01
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7AM1Tfzagg
---
Well, hello there from Kansas City, Missouri, where I am standing just across the street from a very historical landmark that is undergoing some very exciting restoration work. In fact, you can see some of the construction workers there locking up the gate for the day. This humble little red brick building right here on the corner of 31st and Forest is not just a Kansas City landmark, but extremely important in pop culture, film, animation, and even Hollywood history. Behold 1127 East 31st Street, better known as Walt Disney's Laugh Studios. for just over a year, something like 16 months. Walt Disney of Eyeworks and some of his other animators rented at least two rooms, a small suite of rooms if you will, upstairs on the second story of this, the McConna building, I believe it was called, back in the 1920s. Walt had worked for various commercial advertising enterprises here in Kansas City, had gotten in to animation. And then, if I'm remembering this correctly, a guy by the name of Fred Newman, who owned Newman's Theater here in Kansas City, a movie theater, hired Walt Disney to create some little funny animated shorts and advertisements. They were known as Newman Laughs. It's part of what led to Walt Disney striking out on his own with Laugh Studios. After taking out business loans and officially incorporating the business and all that stuff, in early 1922, they moved into this building here in their own suite of rented rooms where they were working not only on Newman laughs, but basically anything else they could get their hands on in terms of work and their own creative endeavors. Walt Disney worked shoulder-to-shoulder with his other animators here, hand animating himself alongside Eyeworks, who would later go on to co-create Mickey Mouse with him, invent the multiplane camera, and lots of other innovations at the Walt Disney Studios in California. They were only in this building from something like May 1922 to July 1923 before declaring bankruptcy. And yet, they had many, many breakthroughs here, including their very first and earliest fairy tale adaptations. So, Little Red Riding Hood, Hussen Boots, Walt Disney's original Cinderella, Jack in the Beantock, and most importantly, Alice's Wonderland in 1923 that blended liveaction film making with animation. Pretty incredible. Long before Mary Poppins. Whoa, there's a big truck. Now, one year ago, in March of 2025, I was out here in Kansas City for the same thing, for Planet Comic-Con, where I've been for the last couple of days, and I filmed a little bit about Laugh. I filmed Walt Disney's uh boyhood home over here, which is only about a mile and a half up the street. I'll get to that in a little bit. I also filmed lots of the other places, the place where Walt Disney met up. I work some of the early commercial advertising and animation studios that he worked in in downtown Kansas City. But this is really the first place where Walt got his own building, well, his own little rented portion of a building somewhere upstairs. I have never heard exactly which room or which corner it was located in. Undoubtedly, it had lights so they could see while they're trying to draw and animate things up there. It either So, it must have been either facing this street or facing out to the side somewhere with windows, I presume. And according to legend, this is where Walt Disney was so broke at one point before the bankruptcy, he was sleeping on the floor in his office, there was no running water. And then, very famously, and according to local Kansas City lore, he would go up to Union Station so he could get a hot shower and all that kind of stuff. Except that doesn't make any sense. Union Station is way downtown. His brother was living a mile and a half down the road in his old childhood home. So, I'm pretty sure he probably just walked a mile and a half, but that's just my opinion. Anyway, looking around this part of town, you'll notice a lot of gaps and even a giant series of buildings being torn down behind Laugh. This part of town fell on pretty hard times after World War II. And this humble building here was almost lost to the ravages of time until somewhere around the turn of this century when it was purchased by some concerned citizens who called themselves thank you Walt Disney who wanted to preserve this very important piece of Kansas City and like I said world animation, pop culture, Hollywood history. Took them 10 years until 2009ish to start stabilizing the building. And here we are all the way in 2026, at least 12 years after I first laid eyes on this building, which was pretty much just a shell held up by steel beams inside. There was no glass, no windows, no nothing. And finally, as you saw, renovation, restoration is fully underway. It is actively being worked on. They're going to be using this building for all kinds of different stuff. A creative workspace, a little museum. So hopefully they'll restore some some version of what it would have looked like when Walt Disney and of Eyeworks were working in this building and an education and animation center. So their goal is to be able to teach kids from the local area uh how to and about animation. Dude, this has been one incredible project. Myself, my friend Adam the Woo, several of our other friends, we come by this building every time we come through Kansas City to just check on the progress and there wasn't any progress for years and years. Last time I was here, they had kind of cleaned up the outside. They had put glass into the windows. You could tell finally things were moving forward. But just one year later here, I can see much much more has gone on here because I could see all kinds of plywood through the windows up there. Like I said, there's workmen work actively working on the building. As I pulled up today, there's a little construction office sitting there on I think Forest right there, the side street. And as you can see, they've got all kinds of banners over here. They're actively seeking donations. They're advertising what's coming here. They're going to educate artists and animators and renovate Laugh Studio, the original House of the Mouse. Not because Mickey Mouse was invented here, although there were mice in some of the cartoons they produced, but because this is the building. This is the place, Laugh Studio, where Walt was sleeping in the office where, according to legend, his bed fellow was a little wild mouse that he sort of half tamed and would feed in there. And then of course the legend grew from there and people would say, "Oh, he named it Mickey Mouse or Mortimer Mouse, which was Mickey's original name until Walt's wife, Lillian, suggested Mickey, which is much cuter than Mortimer, let's face it." So often times people will say, "This is the true birthplace of Mickey Mouse." But that's all that's all kind of apocryphal, right? That's all kind of legend. Still, it's fun to think about and it is a fact that Walt Disney and Eyeworks were here working in this building and now there are workmen working in this building to restore it. And I just wanted to show this off. I'm very very excited that they're moving forward, making progress. And after more than a decade of me myself coming out here from Southern California to check on its progress, I finally for the first time feel like soon soon I might be able to go inside of Lapagram Studio or the McConna building or whatever you want to call it. Now, no official opening date has been announced as far as I know. Clearly, it would be at least late 2026, maybe early 2027 at the minimum before it could open up to the public. But still, I feel like that is so soon compared to when I was standing out here in like 2014 with my friend Tyler Evans, for example, and just looking at this ruined shell of a brick building that was nothing but walls and steel beams holding it up. It was a wreck. I I for years, I remember talking to Adam Woo about this. We would just doubt like, is anything ever going to happen? I don't know. That thing's going to collapse in the meantime before they ever get the funding. And of course, the Walt Disney Company has said very, very little towards this. This has all been mostly a labor of love from Kansas City residents and other interested parties, Disney fans, and people who are very interested in preserving history. So, I can't wait to find out more about it, to uh see more progress being made, to learn more. It's pretty awesome. Now, like I said, I filmed this a year ago. I wandered all over and detailed sort of the history of Walt Disney in Kansas City over a couple of episodes last year. Uh, so you just go back exactly one year from this video on this channel. But I'm not here alone. I brought my lovely wife out with me to Kansas City on this trip. So I wanted her to see Laugh. I wanted to check on the progress. And now we're going to go from Laugh to another place she's never been. The home of my friend, Miss Robera Young and the former childhood home of Walt Disney and his family, which as I mentioned is about a mile and a half, two miles down the street here. Not very far away at all. Close enough to walk to to get a shower. Just saying. All right, about to move on. But look at this. I ran into some friends from California. It's weird to run into people from California on the side of the road in Kansas City. Walt Disney fans unite all over the place, dude. So awesome. They're actively working on it. So awesome. There's actually a porta potty here that was unlocked. I may or may not have used that porta potty. I just can't wait until there's a little parking lot to go into. Luckily, we found some street parking on the side of the road today. Okay, moving on. We got to go see Miss Robera. Ally was just getting a fun nap in the car while I decided to walk around the building for 30 extra minutes after we took our fun pics. Look at this. Look at this. Just one block south. There's these huge structures everywhere. I'm not even sure what all these buildings are, but look at that old school traffic signal we're going past. There's about a million huge stone churches down this road. Clearly, this part of Kansas City was once a pretty happening, prosperous place. You can tell it's undergoing a little bit of a revival, especially since the first time that I ever came up and down these streets. But still, it's got a long way to go to live up to its former glory. But it's on the way. I think it's on the way. All right, cutting back over now. Dude, speaking of they really clean this place up. Walt Disney Street right here. Bella Fontaine Avenue, Kansas City. They've removed a lot of the abandoned tore up buildings. It's looking a lot nicer. 3028 Bellafontaine Avenue. Here it is. Walt Disney's childhood home. You got to look for the little Mickey Mouse up in the windows. And my favorite thing ever, the Mickey Mouse fountain. And now up behind the fence, Miss Roberta and her grandson just talking to Ally on the porch there. We're old friends now. Here's the little Mickey lantern that I sent her. It's a lot smaller than I thought it was going to be. I thought I was sending her a big one. >> I guess I'll have to look for another one. But this is awesome. It's like unseasonably warm. I mean, it's March and we're talking like 90° uh today out here in Kansas City, but this is it. I love sitting on the porch with Mr. Bura. She's very, very sweet. If you come by, tell her you saw the video. And she's got a book. She co-authored a book that is on Amazon. Walt Disney. I think it's Walt Disney's Kansas City Home or Childhood Home. I'll show you a picture of it if I can find it. And I bought it. It's like five bucks, so it's very, very inexpensive and a good read. And if you're coming to Kansas City, definitely get the book. And if Miss Robera's out on the porch, get her to sign it. How awesome is that? So, it's Alli's first visit to Walt Disney's childhood home and also a place that he stopped over because I think it was his brother Herbert. Don't quote me on that. One of his brothers owned this after Elias and the family moved back to Chicago. And then the Disney family sold it to the young family. There's been five generations of Youngs that have lived in this house. It was Mr. Bura's grandparents that bought it and that's her grandson sitting there. So, it's going to be known as the Disney house forever, but it should be known as the Young House or at least the Disney/Y house, something like that. There's just one bad thing about this street. And Miss Robera was just telling me she's had all kinds of trouble getting the city to help her because these houses here next to her have been occupied by squatters. Sometimes they set fire to the inside of this White House over here causing all kinds of chaos. So, she's been having a really hard she called and called and called and have a really hard time getting the city to help her. So, if any of you are out there in Kansas City or have connections in Kansas City to the city, help Miss Robera. This is a very important historical landmark right here. And you know, for all we know, the fire could spread next time. Last time it was in that house. Next time it could be in this house. We do not want Walt Disney's childhood home burning down. A little restoration on the other side of the street. They cleaned up that house really nice over there. Doesn't have new occupants yet, but I've seen a bunch of other cleaned up houses down here. So, there's a bunch of private land holders and people buying up the houses and trying to clean them up, but they need help. They need help with the city because they got four in a row right next to Walt's house and they're having a lot of trouble there. So, maybe you can uh send an email to uh the city of Kansas City and get them to help Miss Robera out. She was just telling me about all this. I said, "Well, let's see what we could see what we can do." She is the nicest person ever, ever, ever. So, if you see her around here, like I said, say hi to her. Miss Robera Young and look for her book on Amazon right now. Anyway, we had a really nice time with Mr. Robera out here a short time. I only had a short time this visit, but uh we text sometimes. I send her pictures and stuff and we hang out and we had a guy drive by who recognized me really quick. I said, "She's having all kinds of trouble with the spotter." She's like, "Let me see what I can do." So maybe with a group effort, >> we can help save Walt Disney's home from more vandalism and destruction from uh from some of the squatting going on in the neighborhood. >> Well, we told her we were only stopping by for 10 or 20 minutes. 45 minutes later, we did finally leave. I'm on my way now to see one of my best friends out in Lawrence, Kansas, not too far from Kansas City. That's why I like coming to Planet Comic- Con. I got an excuse to go see my good friend Al. Got an excuse to see Miss Roberta. Actually, we went out to my friend Al's house a couple of days ago because I had to have Al and Al meet each other. Plus, we shipped him some hot sauce that I needed that I had to deliver to Don Rosa at the convention yesterday. Which reminds me, I have got a scoop for any fans of Scrooge McDuck, the life and times of Scrooge McDuck and Don Rosa. But first, let me show you what he thought of the Randomland hot sauce. But keep in mind that Don Rosa is known around the world for growing chilies and rare chilies. He's a pepperhead. He knows his stuff. >> Okay. >> It's midland hot. >> Midland. >> It's like subjective, you know, cuz like pepper heads are like it's not hot at all. And then >> Yeah. >> Oh boy. It's just jalapeno. >> Jalapeno and habanero. Okay. >> Careful. Oh my gosh, >> that was a big gulp. >> I don't want to be the man that killed Don Rosa. >> No, that's actually good. >> I thought I'd have to lie and say it's good. >> That's actually good. What's the basis for you? >> Yeah. Yeah. Where do you What do you rate the heat? >> That's >> It's middle, right? >> Yeah. It's hotter than the stuff you get in the restaurants, right? >> Cuz they can't give you really hot sauce. You'll send your food back. Exactly. >> Uh that's why you know I always know hot go in any restaurant they say this food is really hot. It's never hot because you'll send it back. >> I know. >> Yeah. >> Middle hot. Exactly. I still feel it's burning. >> It's Don Rosa approved. I'll put your face on the bottle next time. There you go. >> Don Rosa approved. >> But what is this read? >> Well, you call them jalapeno peppers instead of chilis. >> Yeah, I know. >> Yes. >> Yeah. Little bit of habanero. >> Cactus. >> Little bit of cactus. >> That's the Oh, that's great. This is actually >> That's the secret weapon. The cactus. >> Yes. But that's not the only thing that happened. Don Rose had a lovely assistant, Lena from Denmark, who was out here, who was a fan, who came up with something incredible, a concluding chapter to the life and times of Scrooge McDuck. We always wondered how the story ended, but Disney or Gladstone or whoever the publisher was, they they killed it off before it could ever be completely completely finished. Although it's unofficial, it's out to the side. You'll see it's Don Rosa approved. And there is a final concluding chapter to the life and times of Scrooge McDuck, the Duck Saga. The explanation is a little lengthy, but bear with me here and share this with your favorite Duck fan, cuz this is out of control. This is Don Rose's lovely assistant, Lena. You're from Denmark and you came all the way here for this, >> right? I did. >> But you did something amazing. >> You created >> the final chapter. So, tell me about this. >> I did. Well, the thing is that I read these stories growing up as a kid in Scandinavia like everyone else in well, Scandinavia, Europe. Um, and then about 9 years old, I thought, well, just for kids, I was over it everything. And I did read Life in Times and I thought it was wonderful of course um and then forgot all about it. Then a couple of years ago my son who's now nine years old picked up Life and Times at the library >> and he was like can we read this and I'm sure that's a good book and we read it and he was obsessed. My four-year-old daughter was obsessed and I was like, "Oh my god, the stories are amazing." >> And it was just this sort of nostalgic feeling of having grown up with them, but the stories had also grown up with them. >> Yeah. Yeah. So seeing all these layers and the psychological development and sort of emotional levels um and it was just amazing. So I completely fell in love with the universe >> um and particularly the sort of the the story line of Scrooge and Goldie and that sort of unresolved tragic romance that could never >> right could ever come of it. Y >> um and then of course I knew that Don had said that uh he thought or in his mind Scrooge would eventually return to White Agony Creek and to Goldie and live out his sort of remaining days and that he was never going to be able to write or draw that or that was a story that could never be published. So I thought okay well then I got to do it myself >> and that's what you did. >> That's what I did just well just for myself to have that at the end of my own bookshelf sort of as the >> rightution the concluding chapter. Yeah, exactly. >> That's amazing. >> And then what happened was that at first I just I mean I was completely obsessed for a winter. I did nothing but raw. Um and the first thing I did was I did a a single page which is um >> kind of intimate but uh nothing out of the ordinary. >> Yeah. Don't look children. >> Yeah. I needed to show what happened in the cabin in a prison of white just because >> that huge mistake of turning away Goldie like changed Scroo's life. So I just had to account for what happened psychologically. How could he do that? >> So I did that and I sent that over to Don. Um >> and I knew from the Facebook group that he never replies to fan mail. So I wasn't expecting anything but I sent that over. Uh, and then a couple weeks passed and I got an email from Yano in Germany, this >> his Facebook um, well, publicity man in >> his middle man. >> Exactly. So, I got a message from him saying, "Well, Don Rosa, I liked your artwork. He would really like your email address." And I was like, "Oh my god." >> Yes. So, um, so he got my email, he wrote, and I', I'd written sending this page over that, uh, my family and I were going to try and make it to the States to a convention to see him because then we'd skipped the lines in Europe. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Uh, get to hang around and talk. And so we did. We came over to Charlotte, North Carolina. That's so cool. >> Couple years ago. Yeah. And he'd asked me to be his assistant. And >> and then what he didn't know or didn't realize was that I was working on this final chapter which is like a 20 page story. Um yeah and u I passed I gave that to him and he liked it. >> He so he approved. Yesterday he was telling me about it and getting all emotional >> and getting choked up with it. He said this is exactly how it was in my head. So somehow you did it. You finished >> and the Yeah, I did. >> The life and times of Scrooge >> and I think the interesting thing is that I mean I've drawn before. I've never done any comic book. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> And but it was just so clear. It just came to me like >> your art is so good because look at this. It looks >> it looks perfect. Like it it blends in perfectly. >> Oh, thank you. And it really just felt like I was sort of channeling something coming from somewhere else. It just needed to sort of be manifested. But this is something where people have to find you in real life to get it, right? Cuz we can't publish it. So it's >> Yeah, that's it. Exactly. >> But it does exist. So the super fans know where to find you. And then this, you guys are doing this right now, >> right? That's Well, >> Don did that. >> That was Steve who's here this weekend too asking for a collaboration between Don and me and you wanted uh Don to do a Scrooge and Yukon Scrooge and me to do a Goldie >> and we're just uh coloring in and shading a bit now. Yes, >> that's going to go on this wall, I guess. >> That's so cool. >> I know. It is very cool. >> This is so awesome. So, all the Scrooge super fans have got to track you down >> in person. >> Quite a few of them did last summer. >> And they've got a bargain. You'll have your own table in uh in Europe next. >> I don't know about that. >> You'll have a line around the block >> actually because that was just it was just one story. I just needed to get it out of my system. So, >> that's amazing. >> Not doing anymore. >> The fact that Donna approves is already like, "Wow, you did it. You did something miraculous. I love it. >> It feels miraculous. Yeah. >> Look at that. You know, that's pretty niche. It's for a niche audience. That is freaking awesome. Today's definitely turning out to be not our normal adventure. I actually just found out that my old roommate lives in Kansas City. So, I was on the phone with him today, but I have a date with Destiny. I got a date out in Lawrence, Kansas to go see my friend Almos, one of my best friends out there from the old punk rock band KTP, Kings of the Plains. We used to tour together all the time. >> It's like uh I told him last time I was like, "It's it's kind of like we grew up together." And he's like, "No, dude. It's like we went to summer camp every year together." Like that's exactly what it's like. >> Oh, there he is. The man, the myth, the legend. >> Freaking Almos from KTP. >> Freaking Alamos from KTP. Kings of the Plains. >> Allegedly. Allegedly. >> Center Kansas. >> All right. So, check this out. We're inside the secret layer. We're inside Al's business. >> What's it called? >> At home improvement. >> At home improvement. So, if you live in Lawrence or Kansas City, you go as far as Kansas City, right? >> You try not to, but you will. You will when you need to. >> You do all kind of painting, restoration, cabinet work, all this crazy stuff. Al's your number one guy. Call him up. I don't know how many people are watching randomly in Lawrence, Kansas. But if they are, dude, they're going to hit you up. I love this because Al's got the secret layer now, dude. How many bands are you in? >> I don't know, six or seven. >> Six or seven bands. So, if you ever go see live music in Lawrence, you're going to you're going to run across the alley eventually. This is like every like punk rock teenager's dream, though. Like, one day I'm going to have a little studio space. >> Yeah. >> You just get some recording gear in here and then you're really set. Yeah. Then you're like the boss, >> you know, kind of the PA set here. >> There's a PA. That's the other thing, dude. I remember like that's like everybody's dream when you have your first guitar, like one day I'm going to get a PA. >> Yeah. >> I never had a PA, dude. We were always borrowing PAs the whole time. I never owned one in my life. >> Yeah, dude. It was uh that was a momentous occasion. >> Dude, you guys came from Yates Center, too. I I dare anyone to find Yates Center without googling it. Yeah. Impossible. This is just the coolest freaking thing, dude. The idea is to kind of get like building a bigger spray booth in here too. Like so we can have >> So you're expanding. >> Yeah. >> So >> this is so this is like a tour of like friends I'm proud of this time. Went to saw my friend Turbo out in Kansas City just like seeing all these friends that are just growing and expanding. Dude, meanwhile I'm shrinking and getting dumber and older every day. Dude, yes. >> You have a sign, >> dude. You're going to be the mayor of Lawrence next. Then I'm going to come up here and you can do corrupt stuff for me. Tour of Lawrence. I was going to show you a statue that he likes right there. There you go. There's Al Al's Al Mo. So they they got a Moses statue up here. >> That's right. >> That's Al's favorite piece. >> This one. >> Getting a tour of campus KU out here where they invented basketball. >> That's right. >> Right, Al? >> That's true. It's all true. >> Tell Indiana >> and >> they already know. Allie's getting the VIP seat up there. So, she's getting to explore Lawrence, Kansas. >> It's Orient Hotel. And you can see the the stadium's getting redesigned right now. We can drive by that. >> See, look at that. I've thought about it many times. Like, man, it'd be so cool if I could just move to Lawrence, hang out with Al. I don't know what I would do out here. I'd be filming campus every day. Here's that statue again. >> You could do, you know, Quantrol's raid. John Brown special. >> That's right. >> You know, >> the John Brown. How far away was that from here? The John Brown like raid spot or the not the raid spot, the where they where he got ambushed or whatever. >> Yeah. So, it's like maybe um 10 miles south of here. So, >> that's not far. >> Well, yeah. Where that started. So, >> dude, >> this is awesome. Anyway, hung out with an old friend for a long time. Then his girlfriend met up with us. We uh had dinner, meaning the three of them had dinner and I watched now the long drive back to Kansas City and beyond it to Independence to our hotel. Well, I guess this turned into a weird slice of a day in the life adventure today. Not our normal usual situation. Got back at the hotel now. Got to repack up everything. But rather than heading off home back to California, we're actually bound for the East Coast tomorrow. Our first flight, I think, goes to North Carolina and then up to Baltimore and we drive up to Pennsylvania. Both this Kansas City run to Planet Comic-Con and this run up to Pennsylvania for a very special event. Our commitments I made last year before life totally totally changed. So, it's been interesting. It's been kind of haphazard and crazy, but we've been running into a bunch of old friends and just meeting new friends and it's been good. And it's been overwhelming and weird and halfhazard. Like I said, shout out to my friends at My Place Hotels who hooked me up with this particular location in Independence, Missouri. Little bit of a drive from Kansas City. But to someone from Southern California who's used to uh spending 2 hours going like 40 miles, an extra 15 minutes was no big thing. I like these places cuz they feel like home. But now we're going into the unknown, into the abyss, into colder and wetter weather than we prepared for. and something I've never experienced in my entire life. More adventures await us, but for today, I've done my duty. It's time to hotel and slate. Well, we did reorder the Randomland hot sauce, so it is in stock for the foreseeable future. So, if you want the best hot sauce ever, uh, according to me and all the links to anything else, go over to randomland.com. I hope to see you there. I hope to see you back here. Until next time, go home, sleep well. See you in the next one. We did it. Spent most of the day talking to friends, talking to Sean Clark, some other friends of ours out here at the show. Don Rosa, of course, the legendary duck man. But we just pulled off the Hobbit photo op over here. Earlier we got Sean Aston and Elijah Wood, not Elijah Woods, different guy to sign Alli's Over the Garden Wall stuff and my friends Lord of the Rings script. And then there we go. Sean Aston was so excited to see me again. I don't know why he was like, "Hey, my man." >> And then there you are with Elijah. A we never told him about Elijah Woods earlier. >> Well, when he gets to Canada. What? >> It went too quick. >> Yeah. When he gets to Canada and gets to land Wax Museum, he'll find out. >> Oh, he'll find out. This is the highlight of my uh my Kansas City pilgrimage. The original Rosa. >> The original. >> It's like a stratavarious around my house. >> See, now these you should charge for. >> I like Steve shook his head before you even did. >> I only do them FOR CERTAIN PEOPLE. >> OH, NEVER CHARGE. >> I feel important. It's the perfect I don't want to blow smoke, but it's the perfect blend of uh the artwork and the stories. all the work that you did, especially Life and Times, like it is reading the best movie you've never seen. >> That's one of the nicest compliments I've ever had. >> Yeah, it's good. >> I I see them in my own mind as movies. I hear Bernard Herman music and uh Fron Voxman music playing.
