---
video_id: HHXZylgpt7g
channel: JustinScarred
title: "Sundown on Route 66 - Daggett Ruins and Calico signs"
published: 2026-03-19
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HHXZylgpt7g
---
Well, good afternoon and almost evening from the California desert on Old Route 66. We're back and this year, 2026, is the 100th anniversary of the Mother Road. So, obviously, I plan on spending quite a bit of time on Route 66 this year, although very little of what I plan usually ends up happening. I hope this will be an exception. Anyway, I've come from Southern California from my home near Disneyland eastbound on old Route 66 here to the little old mining town of Daget, California, which was once basically the milling/ railroad support town for nearby Calico, California. That's right, the famous Calico ghost town located only about I don't know 10 12 minutes, something like that up off this way in those hills over there. That's the old 19th century ghost town once purchased and restored by Walter Nod and turned into a very classic California roadside attraction. Actually, the immediate history of this area starts with Daget itself because of the railroad right here, the Aerson Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad that came straight through this area built through the Mojave Desert. What made it a lot easier for prospectors to go up into them their hills and find the silver in the late 1880s. And of course, as you can imagine, Dagot became the main sort of transportation hub for the mines, kind of a support town here for the silver mining and the borax. And anyway, later on, when the first automobile trail started coming through the area, paralleling the railroad tracks, you have the National Old Trails Highway, which we're standing right next to, which became Route 66 in 1926. And often dagot gets skipped over on a Route 66 trip because if you're going east to west, right, if you're starting in Chicago and going to LA, you are almost there by the time you get to this point in the desert. A lot of people skip over it for that reason. And of course, if you're coming from west to east like I'm doing today, you're like, I just want to get out there. I want to get out to the open road. And Dagot's kind of easy to skip. But there's actually quite a lot of history kind of hiding out here in Daget. Most of it down there in the old downtown along the railroad tracks having to do with the mining. There's some ghost tracks from the trains that would come down from Calico itself. You have 20 mule borax team history. All kinds of history in Dagot here alongside Route 66. The history actually goes back more than just a 100red years since Route 66 got its assigned number. This portion of the highway built parallel to the railroad tracks was originally the National Old Trails Highway and a very early automotive route through the desert here. So, not only does this portion of highway actually slightly predate Route 66, but so does this very famous Route 66 landmark. Behold, my friends, what's commonly called the Russian House or the Ski Lodge House or the Swiss chalet or the gingerbread house. I've heard a lot of different names. This is truly one of the wonders of the desert built around 1922 as exactly what it says on the front of it. Today in 2026, it's now been restored to reflect its original purpose. Look at that. It's a California welcome information bureau for dagot. Free information restrooms and ice water. This was basically an early welcome center. An early literal traveler's oasis in the desert. A place where you could get a cup of water. You could refill your radiator. You could use the restroom. Let me tell you what, in 2026, the restrooms are few and far between out here. And you want to go ahead and say, "Oh man, they must have been even further apart back in the day." No, they were actually much closer. There were many more stops cuz cars couldn't go the distance they can today without fuel, without more water, especially out here in the desert in the 1920s. You're talking about little putt putts and Model T's. You had to make much more frequent stops in the desert. And this was one of the earliest right here, the Russian house. Now, apparently, this roof is actually a traditional Russian style of roof. And although off the top of my head, I can't remember exactly what inspired these style of buildings, there was more than one just like this, including one farther south on the border near Yuma, Arizona. And this one here along Old Route 66 is important because it was originally right across the highway from California's first agricultural inspection station. So if you've ever driven into California, particularly Southern California from Las Vegas or from Arizona or really from anywhere at any point, you'll notice these agricultural stations where you have to stop and they may ask you if you have any fruit or produce on you. Mostly they're looking for the trucks and very rarely are cars stopped. Well, one of the very first ones was right across the National Old Trails Highway right here on the road between Arizona and California since cars had to stop here and submit to inspection as they were coming into California. Anyways, you can imagine just how popular it would be to pop across the street, get yourself some ice water, or use the facilities. Now, there's more to say about the Russian house, and as you can see, it is closed as I'm here in the kind of late afternoon in the 100° plus weather that's going on right now. Oh, looks like we got another train on the way. And I am heading out on a little miniature mission down Route 66 into Arizona. But that is not the primary reason I stopped here at the Russian house today. As much as I admire the Russian house and I always try to stop by. Yes, we can hear you train. Hello. Yes. Yes. >> What was I saying? Oh, yes. I uh I try my best every time I'm cruising down I40 here to Arizona, uh parallel to old Route 66 to at least come by and take a peek at the Russian house, even when I don't have time to stop and film it or take pictures or anything like that. Despite all that, that is not why I'm out here today. I am out here to take a look at something new at the Russian house. And yet, not new at all. Something very, very familiar. Would you look at this? Look at the size of those miners. Behold, right in front of us are the two classic ancient for Southern California. Anyways, Calico Ghost Town Prospectors that used to be one at each end of the loop called Ghost Town Road. It used to be at essentially the entrance to Calico Ghost Town or the the pathway to Calico Ghost Town off of the main highway. And so what the heck are they doing in Dagot? Well, these old miners which have appeared on random land and countless countless generations of tourist photos as people head out there to Calico Ghost Town. these old metal colossus of the desert with their handpainted details and three miles away directions painted onto the shovels that stood out there basically, you know, since my grandparents' time have finally been replaced. The county of San Bernardino or the parks division or whoever's in charge decided that Calico didn't need these rusty old signs that Gen Z couldn't identify with. No cap. Sorry, I don't know what that means, but I said it anyways. uh they decided to quote unquote upgrade them with new signage, which hopefully we'll go see in a second. It's a little deviation from Route 66, but I feel like it may be worth it to do in the fading twilight. And luckily, rather than destroying these amazing relics, rather than getting rid of these things or sending them to the scrapyard, thankfully they have been rescued and placed here in Dagot, California at the restored Hello truck at the Restored Visitors Center and Russian House where you can see all these old cars out here. A lot of uh interpretive historical information on the signs. Luckily, these things have been preserved cuz let me tell you, I have seen photos and I will wait to show you till we get there. I've seen photos of the new signs. I rarely will talk about anything on camera that I don't like. I like to follow uh Thumpers policy. If you can't say anything nice, maybe don't say anything at all or just try to keep my negative opinions to myself. Let me just say I was not pleased or enthusiastic personally with the aesthetic choices they made in the new sides. But when I found out that the old prospectors here, the old miners had been preserved and moved to Daget, I was very very happy indeed that that that mitigated some of the damage for me. So here they are, my old friends. I used to go camping in Calico all the time. It was uh sort of a ritual for me to get out to the desert and clear my head, go camping in the campground. You know, when I was younger and I was first starting to drive, it's about 3 hours, two or three hours with traffic away from my home next to Disneyland. And you'd be journeying through the desert. It would take forever up the mountains across the desert through the darkness. And when I would see these guys light up in my headlights, I would know, oh, I'm almost there. Almost to Calico. Three miles left to go. Anyhow, I'm going to go and uh look at the new signs, the new prospectors leading out to Calico Ghost Town in just a couple of minutes. But first, I want to say this became a restaurant at some point later on. It was a private residence. It's amazing that the Russian house has survived here along Route 66. And no doubt I'll have a little bit more information for you next time we visit in the future when hopefully it will be open and we can take a peek inside or at least around the yard. That is amazing right there though. Some encouraging news for calico lovers. They have preserved the old prospectors. By the way, before we drive away from the Russian house, I should mention that as far as I could figure out, it was still held by a private owner. I mean, it was a private residence basically after World War II and forever and ever uh was just sitting here. But obviously, you can see a lot of restoration work. A lot of that I know was done with National Park Service grants or had something or they at least applied for them. And so from the little bit of information that I could find out looking this up the other day, um I believe the eventual plan is for it to be owned by the Daget Historical Society or run as a museum. When that's going to happen, I don't know, but fingers crossed. Hopefully it happens soon cuz I would love to get inside of this building that I've been looking at on and off my whole life coming out here for Boy Scout camping trips and everything else. Anyway, yeah, some people say it was built in 1926 because that is when Route 66 was actually named and this road became a part of Route 66. Others say 1922, which is much more believable because that's when the National Old Trails Road was coming out here and they built the inspection station. So, I trust the 1922 date. I just wanted to mention that in case you ever see a 1926 date, it's it's much easier for people to assume. Ah, Route 66, 1926. So, everything along it is only as old as 1926. But actually, we're going to go across the tracks over here while we still can. I can see another train on the way and show you something that far predates the mother road. And the inspection station goes all the way back to when they first laid the railroad tracks here in Daget. Just right across the tracks along Santa Fe Avenue where you can see a lot of old structures, a lot of old houses, and the current desert market up here, the little liquor store that is still open to the public. And here it is, literally staring at the railroad tracks from just across the old front street, the old Santa Fe Avenue, the old dagged stone hotel. And not just a stone hotel, you can see an old sort of general store next door to it on the left. And then a mysterious gap on the right. Well, I happen to have an old postcard here. And you can see that once upon a time there was actually another building just to the right here. It constituted a whole kind of commercial strip. The original commercial strip out here in Daget. And the building that was over here on the right, my left, your right, was originally the old saloon and pool hall. The den of iniquity here for Dagot. This was, of course, the stone hotels I just mentioned. And then I believe this was always a little general store off to the left. I've sometimes heard people call that the thistle general store. I don't know if that's true. I've never had the pleasure of coming out and exploring Dagot with an expert, with somebody who really knew their stuff. But I do know enough to know that this stone hotel was at one time a twostory structure. So you had your main uh lobby downstairs, probably a restaurant of its own, and then upstairs a lot of lodging rooms and then uh various fires, earthquakes, different things have made sure that that is not the case today. And in fact, just behind the fence over here, in front of where the old saloon was, the old Daget saloon, you could see a painting, an approximation of what the old stone hotel used to look like when it had that second story. According to this sign here, it was built in 1883. Remember, they laid down the track here in 1882. So, this is a very early prehistoric almost for Southern California structure indeed. According to this sign, at one time, Death Valley Scotty himself used to uh be a resident here. Death Valley. Scotty was kind of a legendary figure who was sort of responsible for the building of Scotty's castle in Death Valley. He was kind of a hu grifter, a little bit of a a fraud. So apparently he had a standing room here where he would try to sell shares in his very questionable mind supposedly near Dagot that nobody ever saw. And according to the sign here, Wallace Barry, Tom Mix, Wyatt Herp, John Mure, and even Lieutenant Governor John Daget actually stayed in the hotel. the wide herb thing makes sense. He'd travel back and forth all the time to uh various parts of the California desert, specifically the very eastern most parts of the California desert. So, it's entirely possible that not only did he come here by car, pass this hotel on this very road that we're standing in front of, it's possible he stopped here by train as well. So, that's pretty darn crazy, right? You don't have to go all the way to Tombstone, Arizona from Southern California to see a little herp history. That's for sure. I mean, hey, after all, we were just talking about Morgan Herp when we stopped by his grave and I showed you Virgil Herp's house as well in Colton uh just a couple of weeks ago. So, yeah, look at that. The old stone hotel. You can see it's seen better days. It's obviously not occupied now. And I believe it's run by the Daget Historical Society. You can see a number one on the little wagon above the doorway there. Those are little uh driving tour plaques so you know what you're looking at. This building looks like it's undergoing a little bit of restoration, too. Or I hope so. It's definitely got a new sidewall over here, although no covering. Definitely seen better days. Let's hope it doesn't meet the same fate as the old saloon we could see in our photo. Yeah, look at that. Oh, yeah. Right there. Right on the top. Thistle goods. And I can't read the other word. So, it was in fact a thistle store. Look, I knew something. It's awesome, dude. a little piece of authentic old west railroad front street history. And you can see the road takes a little jag right there around another historic building which we'll see in a second. But yeah, that's amazing how much of this structure even still survives. Look along the side here. You can see some of the original side walls covered by this cladding that's uh been peeling off over the years. Little extension in the back. I love the idea that any lady that was brave enough to move out here with her husband for his weird job out in the California desert might have come to pick up sundreies here from the general store. Maybe do a little visiting and gossiping over here at the hotel while her husband entered the saloon which is sometimes referred to as the old bucket of blood. I don't know if there's any actual solid proof of that other than early legends from back in the old Walter not days. Often many saloons were kind of called the bucket of blood saloon, but I believe the original was actually out in Hullbrook, Arizona along Route 66. Yeah, the old saloon pool hall. The Dagot Saloon, I believe, was its actual name. I could just see absolutely no trace of that out here. Although, look at this yard. Has got plenty of old wagons. There's a little like portable structure right here, a little prefab building. Just peeking between the barb wire here. You can see an old railroad car. A bunch of old farming equipment out here. And then look at this foundation or basement for another building, not for the saloon, but for something else. It's a rule of thumb when you go see an old western town, you see a few scattered buildings. You got to populate them with your imagination because they were almost always filled in those spaces in between. Although Daget was never all that populous. And even today, it's sort of a rough and tumble place with a few hearty uh strange people who like to live out here away from the bulk of society, carving out a life for themselves out here in the desert. Yeah. So, the best guess I can see online is that the thistle store used to say general store and notions on the front. I don't know what the heck notions means. And then look at this. The old stone hotel is nowadays controlled by the Dagot Historical Society. Like I guess been preserved apparently since 1977 by some kind of county museum association. You can see it's going to take a lot of time and money to uh restore it to its former glory, much less just maintain it as it is in sort of that uh arrested decay that we all love to see honestly along old Route 66. It'd be weird if it looked like a shiny brand new building from a theme park. This the desert market next door I believe used to be called the Ryerson's General Store. And it existed all the way back in the late 1800s just like the Stone Hotel and the Thistle General Store and the old Daget Saloon. Uh but was rebuilt after a fire in sometime around 1908. 1910. Oh no, no, 1910. 1908 for sure. It says right on the top of the building. 1908. Look at that. Right up there. Yeah. Rebuilt in 1908 in cement. So this time a little bit more fireproof. Ryersons is where the miners would come down from Calico or from prospecting in the nearby hills. They would trade their gold dust for cash or supplies and it was a very early Route 66 stop. It was turned into a shell, a gasoline station by the 1920s sometime. It's an absolutely incredible piece of Route 66 history. But more importantly, it's a bridge. Right. This cement structure right here stands right on the dividing line between the last gasp of the true Old West. the prospectors, wire herb riding around, you know, those 1880s days when the final big stories from the Old West were going down and those early 1900's days just before the US highway system got created before Route 66, before the Model T's were putt putting around here. I mean, this is the last gasp of the old, you know, horsedrawn wagon era out here in the desert. And look at this. Still open today, the desert market. So, I'm going to come back here when we roll through on our next Route 66 trip and spend a little more time in Dagot, having done a little more research than today. As you can see, oh, by the way, the desert market is also the U-Haul center for Daget. So, if you need a U-Haul truck and you're in the area, come down to the Desert Market. As you can see, the sun is starting to get pretty low in the sky. So, we're going to look at one more building down here on Santa Fe Avenue, and then I'll show you what those new Calico Ghost Town signs look like. Absolutely gorgeous. walking around out here. I'm only maybe two maybe 3 hours from home. I mean, it took me 4 hours to get out here with traffic, but it's like a whole other world from Orange County and Target and whatever. You know, all the traffic down there in Del Taco. And all of a sudden, I can hear a lonely dog barking out here in this little desert town. I can hear the highway going by. I'm hearing trains go by. And I'm staring at literal old west railroad era saloons and hotels. And along with those, you have another very famous building that literally had to be dodged by the earliest road out here. And that is the Dagot garage. Noticing that little railroad structure right in the background. And then all around the garage, you have some old forlorn trucks and pieces of mining equipment. People are still fishing out all kinds of weird stuff out of the nearby desert. There's I mean thousands and thousands of unknown mine shafts all over the place out here. You can see this is number six on the driving tour. So we've skipped over quite a few buildings between there and here. And this sign according to the sign right here, the Daget garage began life in the 1880s at the borax town of Marian which was located on Calico Dry Lake. So not in Daget was originally a locomotive repair roundhouse for the narrow gauge borate and Dagot railroad. Dagot blacksmith Seymour Alf used a 20 mule team to move the building out here to the Waterlue Mill and mine southwest of Calico. And then Walter Alf Seymour's son moved the building to its current location in Daga in 1912. And that is when it became an automotive repair shop along the National Old Trails Highway and eventually Route 66, which as you saw later moved across the tracks to the other side. And I love that you can still see the ghost lettering up there for groceries. So they used it as an auto repair shop. Obviously they sold some sundurries in here. You could stop and use the restroom, get a cup of water, which was a whole different thing back then. Now we don't think of water being hard to get. You could walk into any McDonald's and ask for a cup of water and they pretty much have to give it to you, right? But I can remember hearing stories about my great-grandfather who moved from Ontario, Canada, went to Detroit, bought a brand new car, rolled over to Chicago, and then came down Route 66 with his three small children to move to California in the early to mid 1950s. And my nana, who's still with us, was on those trips. She and her brother, my uncle Bud, who lived up very near where Alley's from, would always tell stories about uh stopping in little places in the desert and some guy would want to charge you a nickel, which was a lot of money back then, for a cup of water. They didn't have to give you free water. And sometimes it'd be all dirty and nasty. And there was one story about them stopping somewhere to get some water at one of those trading post or whatever, and it was all disgusting and dirty, and they're like, "Let's get out of here. I'm not paying 5 cents for this." That's the 1950s. I can't even imagine 1926 when Route 66 was first signed and operated through this area, much less 1912, much less the 1880s. I mean, I think you would just drink whatever somebody offered you, unless it was whiskey. If it was whiskey, he just likes to hold it. Anyway, there you go. The dagged garage right there was a blacksmith shop, a railroad repair shop, and one of the original Route 66 stops for travelers coming through this part of the desert to or from Los Angeles, from Arizona, or from prospecting country around here. It's just amazing that it's still out here. I love that there's a phone number on the side. It says by appointment only. I don't know if that's an old business sign or you can actually get inside the old Dagger garage. There's a lot of private property signs around here, so don't go poking your nose onto the actual property with all these tires and old cars and old trailers. They are definitely somebody's belongings. But that's an incredible building right there. I love it. Says RM Campbell garage on the side. Interestingly, the story I was just telling you was about my great-grandfather, Alex Preston Campbell. So, I'm in Campbell country right now. I'm home. very curious as to what's inside the building right now. There's not a lot of peak holes. In fact, the gentleman in that truck that you just saw pulled over. You're getting plenty of pictures. I asked them a couple questions and uh I don't think anybody knows what's inside of it at the moment. Somebody's private property, so they can just uh keep whatever they want in there. Guess it's storage. But it is cool that you have this old uh pincher, what the heck are these called? the old Wilford bucket um sitting out here in front of the place from the days where they used to have to load silver ore or borax or whatever other minerals that they were mining out in the desert. You'd have to scoop them up and load them in to railroad cars. And it's amazing that you still have the kind of metal siding on the wooden structure. And I think it's really neat that you have this old eclampus vitus or vitus dagar sign out here giving a little historical information. I guess people don't roam around in the desert out here as much as they used to, especially as much as they used to back in the days when westerns were popular. And the desert was kind of a rare, weird, exotic place that people loved to visit versus something they have to travel to just to get to Vegas or wherever they're going these days. There's a lot of history here. You know, I'm surprised Daget hasn't become more of an important stop, not just for Route 66 travelers, but just for old west enthusiasts and things like that. It definitely has its own little following. You can find a lot of information about Dagot online. Still, I got to tell you, more than threequarters of the people that I grew up with in Southern California, just two or three hours away. And yes, we're still standing in Southern California, but I mean like Orange County or Los Angeles, I would say 99% of them, if I said Dagot, would have no idea where the heck I was talking about, even though they have heard of Calico Ghost Town. And as I mentioned, we're only about 10 minutes away from Calico Ghost Town. And that means we better hurry up as the light is fading. The sun has gone down below the horizon. I go see these signs before we lose the light altogether. And I still, by the way, have like 4 hours to go. So, I probably got a 23 scoo. All right, get ready for this before I even show it to you. Before we even go there, literally keep in mind art is subjective and you may have a different opinion than me, and that's perfectly okay. Opinions in general aren't worth much, and mine are worth less than most. When you see this, I think you'll understand why when I first saw it, I made that I love Lucy noise. Ooh, >> you see some old mining vestigages along the side of that hill. Some grades for old tracks. A lot of old buildings out here. There's a Marine Corps supply base in Daget. So, plenty of interesting things out here. But dead ahead of us up against those mountains. I know it's probably hard to see on camera right now. Dead ahead in the center of your screen is Calico Ghost Town. I can actually see the word Calico up on the mountain. Just get close to the freeway, close to Interstate 15. Up here, you'll see one of the modern Prospector replacement signs. Oh, here it is. Right behind the old abandoned Jenny Rose restaurant. Feast your eyes on this. Oh, get ready. Get ready for a good look. There it is. This is what they replace those old handpainted signs with. a very reflective modern cartoony drawing that I don't know just doesn't do it for me. Maybe it's a little too new. Maybe I'm just not used to it and I was a little nostalgic for the other ones. That's possible. It's certainly modern. Many people have been criticizing these new signs, saying they look like AI. I'm not sure they look like AI. To me, it's entirely possible somebody drew this, but to me, it sort of looks like a video game character from like an app, like maybe like an iPhone game, you know, one of those like Save the King from the Snake, but he's being crushed by jewels games. That's the vibe I get right here. That's the aesthetic that I'm picking up. I don't know. Like I said, art is subjective. And if this sign, this particular style of sign, they did some research and they think this is going to appeal to a younger generation and get more people off the highway and into the ghost town. Well, then bless them. You know, let it may it be blessed. But if you watch some of my recent videos from Utah, you'll remember we went to Grafton, Utah, which is an old authentic pioneer Mormon settlement. So, a real ghost town. And then right after it, we went to the small town of Virgin, Utah, and they had a little tourist ghost town and petting zoo built out there. This looks like a character from that ghost town, right? Not from a real authentic ghost town. Now, Calico Ghost Town's kind of a mix because there's a little bit of Walter not built 1960s era restorations, quote unquote, out there. But it also is an authentic early 1800's silver mining town with a lot of mining history right over there in Calico itself, which you could just see basically dead center of your screen up on the hillside there. I can see a little bit of twinkling lights going on up in Calico Ghost Town as it's probably shutting down for the night. And a lot more mining history in the hills and canyons off to the right and behind this place. There were prospectors pulling out minerals all over the Southern California desert. Never quite as profitable as say gold rush country in Northern California. But they did pull so much silver out of Calico and especially Sra Gordo which is in a different part of California. Still southernish and still desert. so much silver out of the surrounding deserts and mountains all around the kind of greater Los Angeles region, Southern California region that it basically built LA and kept it going not just in the late 1800s but all the way up through the uh depression era. And of course, World War II came along and a lot of the old equipment, a lot of the old a lot of the mines were shut down, old equipment was taken and scrapped, old built full buildings and bricks were taken for the war effort and the recycling drives. In fact, the uh dagot garage back there was turned into a messaul for soldiers who were out here doing training in the desert during World War II. And that really changed the scene. And then post World War II, you had all the tourism out here, the kind of classic heyday of Route 66. And then leading up to the 1960s when Calico Ghost Town was sort of resurrected by Walter Not, founder of Knots Berry Farm, which is also a place that benefited very greatly from postworld War II tourism. And of course, the greatest of all postworld war tourist sites on the American highways was Disneyland back in the day because when Disneyland opened, Southern California was not nearly as populous as it is now. Now, California is the most populous state in the country. And Southern California in particular has got millions upon millions and millions and millions of people living down here. But when my grandparents moved across the street from Disneyland in 1957, it was still primarily a lot of out ofstate visitors. people that would go on long trips just to get to Walt Disney's original Magic Kingdom. And in fact, as they were starting the interstates, but the uh old US highways like Route 66 were still in full swing, full operation, being widened to almost interstate proportions in a lot of places. that the increased uh traffic from soldiers who had been stationed out in California and then took their families on those classic Route 66 road trips that became a big deal for Southern California. Plus, so many people moved here in the 1950s,60s, and even early '7s that often times back then the culture was so different, people would take a family trip. You know, maybe the grandparents would come out from Illinois or Indiana or wherever, cruise down Route 66, all the way right down here past Calico Ghost Town, right past Dagot and then down towards Disneyland to visit their relatives that moved down here or just to see the place. So, you got all these eras of history, right? The railroad era and the prospecting era, the last gasp of the Old West, people that tried to homestead and farm out here. In fact, Walter and I tried to homestead and farm and grow grapes out in the desert. And I don't know if you can see this on the side of the road. This is actually what the terrain is like. Very sandy. I have actually been out to his old homestead property. There's nothing left to really write home about, but I'm planning on going there with one of his great grandsons who's a friend of mine at some point in the hopefully near future. Anyway, the point is a lot of dreamers came out here. Successive waves of dreamers all with different visions of how to make the desert bloom. And uh these days at Calico Ghost Town is tourism and little characters that look like they could come from an app. I want to know what you think. Do you prefer the old sign or the new sign? Is the new sign a wretched mistake or an improvement? Do you think this will appeal to younger kids? It definitely looks like, you know, in 2026, as I'm standing out here, this definitely looks like contemporary children's book art, right? So, if you've seen any kids books, like for toddlers and early readers, a lot of the artwork looks like this. And yes, a lot of AI generated artwork um has this kind of minimalistic look as well. But I don't I don't know if it was necessarily done by AI. If it was, I feel like that's even more shame. But again, I know some people who love AI art. I try never to use it. Personally, I don't even like sharing memes of it. Maybe I'm a little more sensitive because I used to be a graphic designer and I've worked with so many actual illustrators and starving artists that I'm like, "No, now they're going to be even more starving." But then some of my closest friends, sometimes uh people where money is no object, they could hire all the artists they want. They just love AI art, right? It's a it's a way for those with no drawing skills to be able to they feel produce some content. I don't know. That debate will go on and on and on. Luckily, I'm a little slow to adapt to new technology. So, I just avoid it. But just aesthetically, just stylewise, right? Leave the AI thing out of it. Let me know in the comments what do you think, an improvement or not? Anyway, as you can see, the sun is going down. kind of a random adventure today, but I figured why not kick things off here with a sunshine in Old Calico and Dagot along Old Route 66. I'm now making my way into Arizona and I will catch up with you next time. Oh, and by the way, we're getting pretty low on this current batch of Randomland Hot Sauce, and there will be a little bit of a gap between this batch and the next one. So, if you want some guaranteed randomland hot sauce, go now. store.randomland.com. Hats are back in stock as well, as well as signed books. There's still some signed books. That and joining Patreon, but also just watching this to the very end and sharing it with a friend you think would like it. Those are the things that help keep me on the road and hopefully mean we'll be getting our kicks this summer on Route 66. This trip's just a little pre-kick. And for today, we've done our duty. Time to go home and sleep well. See you next time. Heat up here. Heat. Heat.
