---
video_id: chNJ2Is1VAo
channel: JustinScarred
title: "Leaving Texas in Confusion and Breaking Down in New Mexico: History Everywhere"
published: 2026-01-31
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chNJ2Is1VAo
---
Well, good morning from West Texas, specifically the town of Van Horn. Not much more than a place between places, a watering hole for old US90. And now, of course, Interstate 10 that runs nearby this old dusty railroad town has seen some better days, but there are still some remnants of the former glory days. Look at the Clark Hotel Museum, it says over there across the street. There's a couple of small businesses on this old strip of highway here, but definitely also Howdy by the way. A bunch of dusty old closed businesses. A few cute little shops for the town's folk here. And the layers of many decades of old roadside businesses, auto repair places, old motel, old former diners and restaurants, and every so often something marvelous. Most of the town pretty quiet. Couple little modest homes dotted here and there. The old water tower proudly still standing. I don't think most people would make much of the majority of Van Horn. But as a big fan myself of America's forgotten places, particularly old roadside towns that have seen better days. I always try to stop at least for a little while or at least cruise through these old towns. Appreciate the old architecture. I always love to find spots like this. There's a hot rod garage over here where people preserve some of the old signs and stuff. I love seeing the old murals and new murals, paying homage to the past. And as a huge fan of resurrection stories, I love stuff like this. The Hotel El Capitan right here on the old highway opened in the 1930s as a luxurious hotel for motorists cruising through remote West Texas and later converted to a bank and I think abandoned for a while and then in this century restored to its former glory. Look at this place now. In 2007, Lana Orana and Joe Duncan purchased the property. You can see right there on the sign it says established 1930. Architect Henry Trust Trost. And look at how beautiful this place is. Wow. Oh, there's still a ton of ice in the fountain from the recent ice storm. Yes, it even affected West Texas. Things are starting to warm up here. And look at that. Look at the neon up there shining down on us with the sun. What a beautiful building. Now home to a fancy restaurant. Believe you can stay here. I'll stay I'll save staying in Van Horn for another time. I'm just passing through this morning admiring the old Highway Neon. Taking a gander at some of these old buildings because West Texas is awfully desolate. Woke up in Fort Stockton and drove miles and miles and miles. Still got a 100 plus miles to go. During most of which you're just thinking, my what a desolate place this is. And during such circumstances, it's always good to get out and stretch your legs as often as possible. At least with a back like mine. A lot of these old highway towns can be kind of crusty. But in an hour and a half, an even farther western Texas, there's a promising little town I'd like to see. So, I'm going to get on the road and drive 99 more miles. At least we gain an hour by the clock by passing into the mountain time zone. We're out in long train country now. A lot of silence. A lot of space. Very little traffic going my way. Going west today. Silence is good for me though. Still a lot to think about. Getting a little easier. But been a tough couple of weeks, that's for sure. We are so far west now that in a couple dozen miles we're going to catch up with the Rio Grand. And soon out of this window, we'll see Mexico. In fact, you can already see some of the border patrol checkpoints off the side of the road every now and then. Oh yeah, we're down in the Rio Grand Valley now. Those mountains straight in front of us are actually in Mexico. Yep, Mexico's just off that way. Feels really strange cuz I was just in Florida and Georgia and Alabama. Boy, has the terrain altered. All right, finally after forever and ever, I have gotten off the interstate. It's not very many miles down to the Rio Grand, but that's where I'm headed. Not the most romantic road ever, but this was once El Camino Rial, the King's Highway. We're headed down, down, down to the ancient Spanish town of San Elazario. This place was founded in 1680, nearly four centuries ago, by the Spanish fleeing down from New Mexico when the Pueblo revolt happened, which is when the Native Americans rose up against their Spanish overlords. From what I understand, the little bit that I know, most of the San Lazario we see now was started in 1789, including construction on this church. Although even that's a little murky. I believe some of the stones that constructed it came from a different presidio, from a different Spanish colonial town. So, it's all a little bit confusing. The main point is that it's old. An old originally Spanish settlement started during the Pueblo Revolt, which then became a Spanish and Mexican town. It's very quiet in here. The doors locked. It looks to be still used as a church today. There's some bulletin stuff on the boards here and a little bit of Catholic information. It's always cool when you see like an old mission church still being used. You can see some more church buildings in here behind it and this little shrine here out front. Beautiful. You can see here on thisformational sign. Handy. Here's El Paso up here. We are down all the way down here. There were several missions between some on what's now the US side of the Rio Grand, some on the Mexican side. And they have the long and very complicated history of the Prescidio Chapel here, which like I said was originally constructed somewhere else and they took the stones, they moved them here, they worked on it and changed it. So the present- day chapel was completed in 1882. Either way, old. By the way, the high school is right next door. So there's a lot of youths running around down here. I see some other historical markers and signs here in the plaza, which by the way is so quiet. And I guess we start with number one, Los Porales. this 1850s structure built by Gregorio Garcia as a residence at first. He later became a captain of the Texas Rangers and a county judge of El Paso. By 1870, he donated the original Adobe residence that we're looking at here to the town first as a school and now it's a museum. Well, might as well head inside and check it out. It appears to be open. I see a lit open sign right here. here. By the way, they also have a bunch of flags out here with little pieces of information indicating who at various times had control over the area. If I seem a little less knowledgeable than normal, that's because every time I would come through El Paso, I always wish we could stop down here. I'd always see the little postcards and stuff, but I have not studied the subject. Wow, the inside of this place is amazing. The old school roof especially was really impressive. But seeing the adobe walls bulge out. There was a very helpful, friendly young guy in the lobby of the museum who showed me a little exhibit about adobe and the adobe buildings down here in this part of the southwest. I'm a little less confused about the history of the area because of the very helpful exhibits and there were a lot of cool artifacts in here uh including the original charro suit. Perhaps I was more impressed with the building itself. It's just so cool and it built at funky angles and everything. It reminded me a lot of the way that the PBLO peoples of the American Southwest constructed their buildings like a Choco Canyon etc. And then of course the Spanish settlers came and did much the same. I'm still a little confused about all the timelines. Obviously, it started as a Spanish settlement first in a slightly different location because the Rio Grand was in a slightly different location. Then there were floods. They moved the settlement over here. Obviously, they built a new church which was too small. So, they rebuilt the church. Most of the town as it sits here on this location started in 1790. They had Apache peace programs where they were trying to pacify the Apaches and convert them to Christianity. Then of course in 1821 I believe Mexico got their independence from Spain. So this became a Mexican town. 15 years later Texas declares its independence from Mexico and claims this area. 9 years after that Texas is annexed by the United States. But of course there's still a war between America and Mexico. And in 1848, the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo finally confirms, or rather I should say, makes and locks into place this area as American territory on this side of the border. First settlements in this area, like I kind of mentioned, were in the 1600s, the end of the 1600s. But Don Juan deate led his expedition up this way in the 1590s. So a lot of Spanish history in the area. In fact, there are multiple plaques out here for even earlier expeditions I had never heard of going all the way back to the 1580s. So, you literally had Spanish explorers coming out here. You had the Apache down in this area, Mexico declaring its independence. Then there was a struggle with Texans coming down here laying claim to the area and the Mexican-American War and the Americans eventually coming down here. Then something called the salt war which was kind of Anglo versus tahhano people out here vying for the control of nearby salt beds. Pretty wild. Down here in the old kind of square in front of the church you basically have the church itself and then Lasportales over there. The house that we went into that's now a museum. You have this nice little plaza with this little band stand. Not too much else right in this spot. Most of it is down this way. or I should say most of the historic stuff because there is this big structure right here facing the church. This I believe though was built in the 1970s as sort of a dinner theater. The Adobe Horseshoe dinner theater built in 1971. Hey, same year as Disney World. So you have original 18th century Adobe buildings right up against 1970s dinner theater buildings. Although I have to say this looks pretty impressive. It looks like something that could be in Santa Fe and could be original, at least from the outside. Anyway, I'm hoping to find more original structures here on Main Street, which has been in continuous use since the 1700s. It often calls itself the oldest main street in America. I think St. Augustine, Florida, would have to dispute that claim. However, it's certainly one of the oldest main streets in Texas, and although not very long, there's quite a few buildings on it. So, we'll see what's original. I got to tell you, walking around and even reading the signs here, I'm very confused as to what's what and what's original. There's an old cotton field here, and you can see the old irrigation ditches, the sound of crickets chirping. But there's one building I know for sure is old down here at the foot of Main Street, the old El Paso County Jail with a statue of Billy the Kid in front of it. Because according to legend, William H. Bonnie freed a man from this jail during the Salt War. I'm not sure what level of historical proof they have for the legend, but if it's true, might be the only jail Billy the Kid ever broke into. Certainly, the old jail at least is authentic. And here it is. When El Paso County was first created, San Alazaria was the most prosperous and largest town and was the first county seat of El Paso County. And according to this marker, that is when this jail was built in 1850 out of adobe bricks and reads and cottonwood logs. Says it was the jail and the courtroom. And apparently it was none other than Pat Garrett himself who claimed that Billy the Kid broke into this jail to free his buddy Cuarees Seagura in 1876. It's open. Let's go in. Okay, so inside of the main room of the small museum here, you have the courthouse room with a lot of information on the walls. Once again, a lot of signs, a lot of reading. But then in the smaller room, you have the actual old iron jail cells in here along with a couple of chairs and a table to play cards on if you're the sheriff. There's a weapons rack on the wall. Lots of Billy the Kid information. A whole display of wanted posters. But of course, the coolest thing are the two jail cells right over here. Oh, look at that. There's Pat Garrett taking a nap. I think we're disturbing him. Why is he in jail? Isn't he the sheriff? Billy the kid in between. Look at this. My fourth grade teacher always said I'd end up in the pokey and here I am. Sorry, mom. I'm still none the wiser and neither were the people in the two museums I've gone into so far as to which buildings are actually original here. Original Adobe buildings or reconstructions. This one certainly looks original. There's a whole bunch of stuff in here. You've got uh Congressman Tony Gonzalez's office. I believe this is all collectively known as the Main Street Merkantile established 1933. So I'm not sure if that means the building is from 1933 or 1733 or when. This is the most confusing historic district I've ever been into. And the loudest sound is this wacky waving arm fling inflatable tube man right here. There's a small Veterans Memorial Museum that appears to be closed. Some galleries and studios. You can do some candle making in here. I like this old faded wooden sign. Of course, along with the art studio and gallery, you also have a gift shop. And I love this. You see this in a lot of old Spanish towns in the southwest. You got the peppers hanging out to dry on either side of the door. And look at this. You can get Billy the Kid posters and t-shirts inside. All right. So, I have confirmed that the Main Street Merkantile building over there we were just walking in front of was constructed, at least in its present state, in 1933. and then Kitty Corner from that across Main Street. You have an interesting building over here called the Luhan store. And originally when they built the first Presidio, so they had soldiers down here at a whole complex and fort surrounding the church, which is off back that way. Uh they built the officer's quarters and some other rooms that still exist within this building. Those were later abandoned. Then in the 1840s, Jesus Luhan bought the property and constructed all of this over the top of it. In the 1870s, part of it was a residence, part of it was a general store. You can definitely tell the building has been modernized even more since the 1870s. So, it's very hard to know what's actually historic or when you're looking at an original adobe wall. And even though I'm more confused than when I started my San Elazario journey, at least I'm not staring at miles and miles of empty West Texas wasteland. Coming up Main Street a little more. Just a little farther away from the Rio Grand is another long low building. And in places like Santa Fe, New Mexico, or really any other old Spanish colonial town in the southwest, you do see buildings just like this. I see some old brick work up there along the top of the structure. So again, I don't know how old this building is. Maybe the sign will illuminate me. Not many have. But if these buildings are not all original, they're at least constructed in a very original style. All right, so the old main entrance on the corner here is boarded up, although I can see some original window glass back there. Hey, here we go. This building was built in 1890, acted the late precidial period. It may have housed Spanish and Mexican troops and also form part of the exterior precidio wall. So basically what I'm gleaning here is that a lot of the old original adobe buildings that were later abandoned or flooded out or whatever, decayed a little bit, they were all built on top of later. I think this was once a stage coach stop. By the early 1900s, there was Lo's Grocery in here. Lo Madrid opened a grocery store and post office in this structure. And then right in here behind this board, apparently the bar set from the classic film Lolita that I'm sure you all watch on a daily basis is still intact inside of there. So Jeremy Irons was here and Melanie Griffith and they filmed Lolita in this town. Well, how about that? Apparently this building just across the street to the north was also used in the movie Lolita. According to the sign was built in 1863 as the Bargo General Store right here. It's pretty neat. And then later was used as a bar and stuff like that. And that's probably what the writing over the door is from. There are Christmas lights on the building. I don't know how old those are, but uh the sidewalk is mostly fenced off by gnarly cactus. Now you can no longer reach the front door. There are weeds growing between the screen door and the wooden doors here. So no idea if the building is still in use. It's pretty romantic looking. I have to say that. Maybe that's why they use it in Lolita. But if my memory serves from looking at some of the signs in the museums, I think this is where the old grist mill used to be. And so again, there were Spanish colonial buildings made of adobe underneath all this stuff. That's what I've learned so far. It's a very strange thing down here cuz it's so quiet. I can still hear the wacky waving arm flailing inflatable tube man that's way down there. And then the silence will suddenly be broken by wild packs of teenagers leaving the high school over here. And there's just one more building. some private property signs on it and some saran wrap over the door here. The walking tour map just says El Molino. See, none of the maps, just to illustrate why this is so disjointed and confusing, none of them actually tell you what the modern buildings are and when they were built. This just tells you where the old buildings were from the sort of Spanish period. So then you get to those spots and then you don't know if you're looking at the old Spanish building or you're looking at a more modern building. built on top of the old Spanish building. Sometimes the signs in front of the buildings tell you, sometimes they don't. So much confusion on my last day in Texas. This one just said Elmino, right? Or whatever. So now there's a big giraffe painted on the side of it. So now I'm going to the front of it to see what the wooden sign says. See if I can shed any light on what this building is, was or was built on top of. All right, there's a little bit of ghost writing up there. I cannot read that, but the sign out here does say the building has served the community since the 1870s. So, this is one of the older buildings that we've encountered. Says company end of the frontier forces used it as headquarters when the San Alazario, Texas Ranger Group was formed. Was then used as a granary for the old mill and then an electric powered mill that was sold in 1922 and has served as a residence and apartments in here, a gas station, local post office, and even a church. Man, there's been a post office in every single one of these buildings over there. Don't know what's going on now, but there are two very large donkeys outside. And then next door to it, some kind of little chicken restaurant, which looks like an addition to the building. I don't think that one's original. The chicken restaurant. Look at that writing up there, though. The ghost riding. It's pretty sweet. There you have it. One of the oldest and most confusing main streets in America. right down here in San Alazario, Texas. It's been kind of fun to walk around and get confused. Normally, typically, I do a lot of research before I come to historical places. By the way, Elmolino, I believe, means the mill. And so, I guess that's why that building had that name. And you can see here there's some remnants from the even older mill that stood behind that Lolita building. Also, a giant statue of an ox. But here, check out this old grindstoneone. this old millstone here in this metal case. Maybe this came from Elmolino. I should have known the whole Elmolino meaning in the first place, but I can't even remember my Spanish. My wits are so scattered. I did however suddenly remember my Charlemagne. Anyway, what I was going to say is normally I would do a bunch of research, but when coming to a town so historic, so old, going all the way back to the Spanish colonial period with a mission church and everything like that, I just figured we could wing it and the signs would explain. Not that there aren't a lot of signs. In fact, San Elazario almost suffers from having too many signs. There's so much information I'm confused as to what information applies to the present, what information applies to the Spanish. Very confusing. And I'd love to stay and sort it out. But I guess I'll have to save that for a future visit cuz we're just 20, 30 miles from El Paso. And then I got to make my way out of Texas cuz I am still making my way home to southern. I'm just laughing because this is the weirdest video in a historical place I've ever made. I'm so confused. Normally, I love to learn, but this time it backfired. By the way, this historic district is on, you know, the National Register of Historic Places and all that stuff. You're supposed to do the walking tour like we did. I'm not trying to be down on it. I'm just confused. And if I have one recommendation to the town or whoever's in charge of the signs, maybe give a timeline of each building so we know exactly what we're looking at cuz it's just a little bit confusal. Wait a minute. Here we go. Just behind the church. Finally, some history I can understand. This was a hienda and stage station. Another stop on the Butterfield Overland stage, but originally was a hosienda or somebody's house out here. This place was heavily remodeled in 1969. So, it is a little bit modern. You can see that by the air conditioner up there on the roof, but is built on the old hosienda walls. And there are pieces of the original adobe walls mixed in. It looks like uh it is a hosienda. Once again, it looks like a private residence at the moment. But yeah, see that's the uh funky part is when it's all built on top of each other here. How do you know which adobe walls are original, which are added later for decoration? That part's very hard to tell, but it is easy to stand out here and imagine the stage coaches rolling up to the place and uh and looking at the back of the church here across the way right over the road. So, all in all, very interesting. Still a little confusing. I'm very confused. I got to get out of here. I get the feeling that somebody put a lot of effort into that historic district like to attract tourists and stuff like that, but that the effort was made a long time ago. >> The signs were confusing. The staff were confused when I would ask questions at the little museums. It's all in a a giant state of confusion down here. Cool place to visit, though. I recommend stopping by. Maybe you can make more sense of it than I did. This does not normally happen on random land. Normally, I would just delete it. Come back and try again when I have some kind of understanding on what the heck is going on. But you know what? Let it ride. Let it ride. I don't even know what to title this video now, except maybe leaving Texas in confusion, cuz that's what I feel like I'm doing. Well, rolling out of there, I did see another historic mission, but I couldn't get at it because of the construction going on, which would become a theme later. As I rolled towards El Paso alongside the border fence, something that shocked me cuz I actually haven't seen that border fence before. or I used to go through El Paso all the time, but it's been a long time. Then I hit traffic that made me very, very sleepy, which I guess makes sense after hundreds of miles of desert driving and then very confusing old historic Spanish town. But look at this. I finally made it to New Mexico. Goodbye, Texas. All right. All right. Well, to make up for my confusing historical stop in Texas, now that I've reached New Mexico, I've decided to come here to Old Laia, a place I find far less confusing. Just look at this place. It's absolutely gorgeous. It's charming. There's soft music playing on the breeze. Very southwestern in terms of architecture and vibes. Once again, a lot of fine art galleries and such like things, but also people selling their handcrafted wares over here on the edge of the plaza. Look at this. Part of the Butterfield Overland Trail and it's just off I 10 these days. So, it's still part of basically the Overland Trail to California. Old Lamaceia is not as old as some of the places we were in earlier. This place was founded by Mexicans who suddenly found themselves after the treaty of Guadalupe in 1848 on the US side of the border and they did not like it. They didn't want to become US citizens. They wanted to stay Mexicans. And according to that treaty, as explained on this very helpful and not confusing sign, some Mexican families who had ended up in the United States moved here and established themselves a brand new very Mexican town until, of course, in the early 1850s after the Gadsen purchased the United States purchased this land. And once again, the poor people of Messiah found themselves on the wrong side of the border. Now it's kind of just a neighborhood of Los Cruius. It's like if you type in Messia, the map isn't going to take you here, but it's preserved of this perfect little Mexicanamean, uniquely New Mexican southwestern town. And I was here just a few years ago filming a much better, much more coherent video because Messia is where Billy the Kid was tried and sentenced to hang. In fact, that trial took place just across the plaza, I believe, in this building right here on the corner. This building was the old territorial courthouse. They brought him down here from Lincoln County to try him for killing William Brady during the Lincoln County War. And yes, it is now the Billy the Kid gift shop. Hey, isn't that the lady from Dr. Sleep? Last time I was here, I was on my way up to Lincoln County to see where Billy the Kid was later taken back and he was going to be hanged. And of course, he had his big jail break and killed some more folks. It's kind of crazy, unlike the last town we were in where there was a legend of Billy the Kid breaking into a jail to spring his buddy from captivity, which as far as I could tell has no historical proof. And I couldn't look it up there. By the way, it was even more confusing in that town because there was no cell phone service. Anyway, unlike that legend, this is historical fact. Billy the Kid was in this building on trial literally for his life. Dude, you know he was not happy to be in here. Shackled, sentenced to hang. And now you can buy ice cream in here. Dude, now you hear country music and you see souvenirs everywhere. All kinds of southwestern souvenirs and jewelry. Some nice, some kind of hokey. Look at this. You can get the Billy the Kid cookbook right there. Or chew on some Billy the Kid gumballs. Use the Billy the Kid ATM. Get a Billy the Kid pressed penny. Do you get the Billy the Kid mine? Check out Billy's character machine. Some more press pennies here. Or maybe get a sick t-shirt or buy a book about the trial of Billy the Kid. It's a whole lot of fun in there. But like I say, you know, Billy the Kid wasn't having any fun when he was actually here. The irony of uh a place where this young man was sentenced to death and he did eventually meet his fate, although not by hanging. Being a fun shop to get some ice cream and press pennies in. Now, I wonder what he would have thought. Look at how beautiful all the little streets are down here in the old plaza. You can get candy. A lot of places selling salsas and hot sauces, which I know for you Spanish speakers, amounts to pretty much the same thing. Salsa just basically meaning sauce as far as I understand. Some art galleries down here. Some very nice restaurants from what I understand. And look at this. The historic Fountain Theater. I thought that poster in there said Hamlet, but it's showing a film called Hamnet. I don't know what it's about, so maybe I shouldn't make this joke, but uh makes me think of a pig caught at a net. Hamnet or like a remake of Dragnet starring pigs, you know? Hamnet. Cool ticket booth, though. Very cool little spot. This was apparently at one time temporarily the territorial capital of New Mexico and Arizona territories. At least according to one sign that I read, some of those territorial capitals moved around so much it's hard to keep track. Look at this. You can see the Bode original adobe walls. I don't remember bars being on these windows and some other original buildings with adobe walls in the back, but brick facades up front to look fancy and high toned back then. Dude, for a Friday afternoon coming on into evening, it is very chill down here. Then again, it's literally been very chill all across the south and southwest because of the ice storms. And as I've discovered, at least temporarily, a lot of the tourism down here has dried up. Look at this building right now that has the El Patio Cantina inside of it which is open by the way. This building has been around since the 1850s. It housed the Overland Mail, the Messia Times, Sam Bean Saloon, a blacksmith forge, the Albert Fountain, Merkantile, the US Post Office, and since 1934, the cantina, which has been continuously operated by direct descendants of the legendary Colonel Albert Jennings Fountain, a legendary western law man. Now, I got to tell you, earlier I was getting all confused after driving all those miles through the desert and everything. I was getting awful sleepy. Ooh. Listen to those church bells. Well, I might. That was a lot of driving and then a lot of confusion in that little town. Probably it would have been better to just stop filming and just keep driving. I still have to drive at least another hour past here tonight and then another 2 and 1/2 hours tomorrow morning before I ever reach anything that I'm planning on filming or stopping and looking at. Whether you're going east from Southern California to Texas or west from Texas out to Southern California, the I 10 corridor has got some of the longest, most boring, even for me, stretches of any interstate in the country. It's a long haul. And for various reasons, I got to get home soon. When I left California and got to Florida to uh bury my friend Adam and all that stuff, I knew I was going to need to drive home. I knew I was going to need to clear my head. I knew I was going to need some long drives, but I also knew that if I went straight home, I would just have a total breakdown, probably go insane, get super depressed, and not do anything. And so, in addition to everything else, this was a way of forcing myself to go back to work, to do something sort of normal by driving across the country, not wanting to miss out on an opportunity to film things, to stop at things, to explore, to have some adventures. I promised myself if I had any really bad days, I would just put the camera down and just drive and just think. And I got to be honest with you, off camera today, I've been struggling a little bit. Long stretches of silence are good for working out your thoughts, your feelings about things, processing, trying to wrap my head around the new reality, as it were. And it's also kind of bad cuz if you do get in a little bit of a funk, you're just trapped with yourself. There are many stages of grief, right? You hear about them all. Anger, bargaining, denial, acceptance. They don't go in order, though. So, you can be at acceptance one day and then at anger and denial the next day. A lot of us just felt surreal, like it's just not real at all, or like I've been sucked into some alternate timeline that I'm not supposed to be in, some other dimension. You start thinking about things you regret. You start feeling guilty for things that aren't even logical. You know, there's so many different feelings that come along with grief. And what I'm discovering today is that I can't fully push off the depression part of it forever. It's been hitting me in waves throughout different periods of today. And the first thing that happened after my friend Adam passed away, which I'm sure most of you know about. I don't feel like I need to explain that. >> Things I needed to say, I felt like things I needed to share with the people who have watched him on my channel, but also with his fans. Then I didn't know what to do, but just I don't know, just speak from the heart, kind of share my grief. But then between that and the next video where I popped up in celebration, I've got to be honest with you, I wanted to just throw this camera in a lake. I wanted to quit and just give up. This channel wouldn't exist without Adam. I was doing YouTube stuff since YouTube started. I've been doing creative stuff and film making. I've been doing the traveling. I've been really into history. I've done all kinds of websites and filming locations and all the things and been a Disney fan. All those things existed before I was doing Random Land. But Random Land itself wouldn't have existed without Adam almost twisting my arm in a way in the early days. This is when nobody was watching him even. And uh it always just felt like we were in it together because he wanted me to do it mostly. The reason he was encouraging me so strongly as he said many times and said later on too in retrospect, "Dude, I needed someone to do it with me. We had to create a little scene, you know." And so I felt in a weird way, even though we had our own things that are totally distinct and separate from each other and our own separate lives, it still always felt like very much like a partnership in a way. It's so hard to explain, but it felt like we were both in it together. He would call me, I'd call him. Like this morning when I woke up, oh I'm in freaking Fort Stockton, I picked up my phone to text. I'm like, "Dude, Fort Stock." Because we would always do that. If you're in one of those places that got notoriously few things to film on one of those long haul drives, you know, we text each other about that stuff. We'll started doing this before you could make any money doing it. Certainly, nobody was filming theme parks and thinking they were going to make money or get famous or anything like that. We started doing this together when the love of doing it was all there was, which is very much something that I've tried to keep is my main motivation still the entire time, you know, cuz I never made Adam's kind of money. I never owned a house or anything like that. I've thought this through many times. I know I ultimately don't feel this way. I know that I'll get passive, but there's a real thing that hits me. I'm just like, do I even want to do this anymore without him? Like, sure, lots of people do this now, right? There's lots of people to talk to about your experiences behind the scenes or people who understand what you're going through. But it's like that was my buddy that I started with, right? Imagine two founding members of a band or something. It's like when one died, do you want to keep going? Do you not? You have to ask yourself these kind of questions and they're very depressing and I know they seem stupid and obviously I'm not going anywhere. I mean, what else would I do, dude? figured if I could be a doctor, a nurse, a scientist, something good in this world that was useful, I would be doing it. I landed with this job because it's kind of all I could do. It's kind of the best thing I'm capable of doing. So, don't get me wrong, I know I'm going to be sticking around. No need to leave a comment saying, "Don't quit." I'm not actually thinking of quitting. What I'm trying to describe is just the mental process that I'm going through when these like waves of just depression and like almost like a not a despair. I don't know. It's one of those things. It's one of those things that was between him and I there was an understanding, right? Like I jump, you jump. We're in this together. That kind of thing, right? We always had each other to fall back on when people didn't understand something or whatever. It's like a weird intangible partnership that's impossible to explain to anyone else. That's why it's like such a devastating loss on another level. So many levels. So earlier after the confusion that test like I'll just delete it. I'll just delete the footage. We'll start over in New Mexico tomorrow morning. I'll just get some sleep. I thought, no, I'm going to push myself. I'm going to keep going. So, now here we are in Messia at the Galleria on the plaza. And look at these sick skull t-shirts right there and bedazzled hats. >> Yeah. >> Some of these stores don't like cameras. I don't know about this one specifically, but a lot of tour shops don't like cameras because sometimes other tour shops will come in there with an iPhone or whatever and record the t-shirts and then copy them. That's one reason a lot of gift shops don't like cameras. Another reason they don't like cameras, a lot of people will go in and try on hats and stuff and film themselves in it and then never buy anything. Most places though are getting super cool about it. But, uh, every once in a while you have that lingering old school feeling. Same thing with museums. There's a lot of museums that think, "Oh, if I let you film in this museum, then uh no one's going to come here. They'll just look it up online." When in reality, the Smithsonian and many other places have done studies that prove that actually the more you see of something, the more you want to go to it IRL. Dude, there's so many cool little gift shops here. I'm running low on funds and petty cash, though. I'm trying to avoid going in them. I have to go into that galleria and look around, though, just like I did with the Billy the Kid gift shop. I had to stop myself from buying a book about the trial of Billy the Kid. I'll have to pick it up later. I'd always much prefer to buy a book from a store like that and support them than buy it on just Amazon or something like that. But sometimes you have no choice. All right, let's peek in here really quick before I say anything else. Oh my gosh, there's such a cool building in there just for the privilege of being in that cool building. I had to buy something, but after I saw it, I would have bought it anyways cuz the little face Well, you'll see. I found I don't know why, but it's somehow the perfect gift for the wife. Anyway, let me just say this really quick. I have no disrespect in my heart, my brain, or otherwise for the people who come to YouTube and go, "Cool, I can do this as like some kind of corpory thing or a money-m venture." Do you know what I'm talking about? Like people who look at it and go, "Oh, people are making money doing this. I could try that." And obviously, I have no problem with people making their living doing it either. But for me, it's always been an art thing first. like it's always been passion has to be first. I think of it like uh not just as some kind of trade but as an art had this discussion going way back to before I was even filming random land about how really it is film making and should be thought of as film making. Something Tom Wilson pointed out in his tribute video talking about Adam very recently. I've all I mean what is film making? It's art, right? So, just like I was in a band making music from my heart that mostly nobody liked, started making YouTube videos about things I was interested that I, you know, at the time I thought mostly nobody liked. And then to meet so many kindred spirits online, I never thought I'd be able to say the words thousands of kindred spirits who seem to enjoy the same things or at least be entertained by me enjoying those things. to make all your new best friends and literally meet the love of your life that way and then for that to become, you know, your full-time occupation and pursuit is like the blessing of all blessings. I mean, the coolest thing of a lifetime. So, you can understand why logically I know I'm not going to give up. I love doing this or I wouldn't have been doing it in the first place, but I'm very, very, very shaken up. I feel like in the last couple of weeks, part of it is I have not slept well at all. I've had a lot of other health issues, too. some of which I'm going back to California to try to fix. But I know this is still very much affecting me because I feel like my brain works slower. I can't always think. There's these big wide gaps when I'm editing videos and seeing these big gaps in my speech. Sorry for the slow motion breakdown here in New Mexico. I guess we broke down in New Mexico. I'm talking about stuff that I didn't want to talk about anymore. But I can tell I'm I'm hit harder than than I think. Every couple days I have a a couple of good days in a row and I'm like, "Yes, I'm fine. I'm healed. I'm so manly. I can I can push it down. I can control my thoughts and feelings." And and then it hits me like, "No, this has hit you much harder than you think." And it's going to be a long time until until you know you're using your See, I can't even talk until you're using the smart part of your brain. I don't know. Something's not right. It's going to be weird for a while. Every video is going to You're going to see every video is going to be weird and different. The style, the energy level, it's all going to be all over the place because I'm just kind of going day by day. Just baby steps one day at a time. I feel like when I was still in Florida, I was going like a few hours at a time. Now, at least it's like one day at a time. All right, today I got to get to New Mexico. Well, at least we checked that off the list. I'm eternally grateful for the life I've had for the past 10 years and and then some, right? Super grateful. I can't even tell you. This is just like such a weird hard hit. Like your ally, your kind of safe person. I don't know, your comrade in arms kind of thing with the guy that was there with you in the trenches, metaphorically speaking, is gone. It's just all going to be different. And it's just hard to process that, dude. I have to process it on many levels. It's like I've been processing the level of like, oh man, like one of my best friends is gone. One of the few people I trust to give me advice that I actually listen to is gone. Each kind of layer of it you process differently, you feel totally differently about. And I was just striking me today like gosh, you know, the person that understood all this with me is gone. I don't know. I'm sorry today's adventure was confusing and maybe this part of it has been boring. So doubtless there are people who are like, I am not interested. Shut up. But I'm always trying to shoot from the hip and uh be as transparent as I can when it involves me and not other people. And that's just what I happen to be going through. So anyway, leaving Texas in confusion and breaking down in New Mexico. Hey, there you go. There's a title for the video. There's a lot to think about. So, one more hour to go until I get to my hotel, but I'm going to leave you guys down here cuz it's a lot nicer, a lot sweeter, and more peaceful than the Super Eight or Motel 6 I'm going to end up in tonight. I'll leave you down here in old Messiah and I'll play you out with some scenes from the hundreds of miles of desert I drove through this morning. My apologies for the slice of weirdness that I shared with you today, but my eternal thanks for sticking around, especially if you stuck around and you're part of the all the way to the very end club and for checking out all the links and doing all the other stuff. I just really appreciate all you guys. I really appreciate it when you watch these videos, you watch all of them, and you watch them all the way through. That in itself is like such a treasure that I'm so grateful for. Those of you who even watch the weird ones like this, I salute you. I thank you. And I'll see you next time. You've done your duty. It's time for us all to go home and sleep well. Heat. Heat. Oh, by the way, this is what I had to buy. This is what I had to buy. Ally, this frog eating a candied apple. I don't know why. Just look at its face. I feel like it's self-explanatory. All right, see you next time.
