---
video_id: nI9lWt4FUc4
channel: JustinScarred
title: "Kansas City Has Been Taken Over… | Planet Comicon"
published: 2026-03-29
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nI9lWt4FUc4
---
You see, what did I tell you? Kansas City is absolutely totally slam, full of people. We're back for day two of Planet ComicCon. Man, if you saw the video yesterday of day one, I was telling you that that was just the first day. Friday and Saturday would be heaving. And here we are. Lo, the prophecy is fulfilled. We're going to see some good cosplay today. Going to check out more of the convention floor. Elijah Wood is here, which is all I've heard all these people talking about. It should be a blast. Dude, I have to give a special shout out before we do anything for my friends that got us exhibitor badges because that line is intense out there. Dude, the people of the Midwest are hearty indeed. They stand in that line with fortitude and grace. But though the line may be long, it's cuz it's worth it. Planet ComicCon continues. It's the main event, the big attraction, one of the largest, most popular, biggest comic and pop culture events in the Midwest. And look at here comes my wife up the escalator right now. I had so much fun last year, I had to do it again. This might be turning into an annual trend. Dude, look who's in line to play Ninja Turtles pinball. It was hard for me to find a spot where I could gather my wits. Well, what little wits I have. I'm already blown away with how much there is to see, but it's hard to find a spot to see it. The convention floor is heaving and half of the crowd isn't even in the building yet. Dude, I am so pumped up. I'm so much more pumped up than yesterday. Everything looks so good. Dude, I love the fact that they have this guy out here portraying Sergeant Johnson from Halo. Dude, this is already freaking epic. Look at that. I need that in my life. It's so cool seeing the photo ops populated with all of the crazy wacky characters now. Everybody is on top of their game for the big Saturday. It's always the biggest cosplay day at any convention. The show has only just begun. So, everybody's still preparing, getting ready, getting their bearings. Yes, sir. We've only just begun to party. I love these comic conventions now. There's so much crossover between movies, video games, science fiction franchises, fantasy, horror movies, anime franchises. Like, anything and everything goes here. Now, look at this. Batman and Darth Vader standing inches away from each other. It's all one epic mixed bag of fun. Oh, look at that. Men of Gondor are answering the call. Now, men of Rohan, too. I am no man. People are cosplaying from every kind of franchise, from every kind of dimension, film, television show, comic book. Like I said, it's like somebody took everything that's fun, mixed it up into one big barrel, and then kick the barrel over all over Bartle Hall here. Dude, every corner I turn, I see something astounding. And we haven't even begun to Planet Comic-Con. I've seen Marty McFly. I've seen Vulcans. I've seen Frenchmen things I don't understand. I've seen lightsaber fighting Jedi, Dark Lords of the Sith. There are even sylons out here. Nobody tell George Lucas. I stopped to say hello to the emperor earlier in the hallway. I said, "Oh, your imperial majesty." And he goes, "Nah, you can call me sheave." Okay, this is epic. Look at that. Look at that. It's the eye of Sauron a barador. Look at all the hobbit cosplay. Oh, this you're going to see a lot of Lord of the Rings stuff today cuz it's not just Elijah Wood. We also have Sean Aston, John Reese Davies, who we saw yesterday. 1/3 of the Fellowship of the Ring is here this weekend and they are basically like the headliners. Everybody's excited. Side note, it's the boo boos. There's even the boooos in the convention. Yeah, everybody's stoked on the Lord of the Rings this weekend. Yesterday, I noticed so much more Lord of the Rings merchandise than you normally see on convention floors. Those hobbits are going to be signing some unusual items today. That is for sure. Actually, we have some stuff we're hoping to get signed ourselves. is I grabbed a couple of Hobbit action figures yesterday. I actually brought a Lord of the Rings script with me from back home in Southern California to have signed. John Reese Davies signed it yesterday. It's a friend of mine's script. He already had Andy Circus on there. He wanted to collect some of the others. So, we collected Gimly for him yesterday and now Froto and Sam hopefully today. Although, I can only imagine what the line for their signing is like even this early in the day. It's going to be pretty darn intense. Oh, dude, look at this. I don't know what these are. Some kind of wall decoration right here. Some kind of laser cut stuff. Look at that. Space Ghost. I love Space Ghost. Space Ghost does not get enough love. Oh, look at that. It's Swedoms. Swedoms, YOU'RE STILL HERE. >> HEY, HOW are you? >> What happened TO KERMIT? >> I ATE HIM. >> Look at some of this gory stuff right there. This lady got a little too much sun. Ally was saying when we landed in Kansas City, like, "Oh, I should have remembered to bring like some of my anime costumes or something." you could just get a costume at the show. But she sort of dressed up like uh Kermit from Sesame Street News. A little Carmen San Diego thing going there. Little Casablanca. >> This morning she's like, "Do I look like Lois Lane?" Cuz she's got a photo op today with Superman from Smallville. Tom Welling, is that his name? I keep saying the wrong name. And then Ally keeps giggling at me. See, I have to admit, I never watched Smallville. Ally watched it in her Spanish class. That's all they did was watch Smallville English. in English. So with Spanish subtitles, right? So all you learned to say in Spanish was Lex Luth. Dude, that is awesome. That's commitment right there. You're a brave brave man. That's one thing I haven't seen yet today is uh the Black Knight from the Holy Grail, right? Tis but a flesh wound. That guy. >> Oh dude. Yes. That is awesome. Hook. Hook. Give us the hook. Just stopped by the Roosevelt. Just stopped by the Roosevelt's booth where we were at yesterday. They've already sold out of so much stuff. I am super freaking stoked that I got this Mega Man shirt yesterday. Did we just uh got grabbed by Jeremy over there for a fun pick? He's seen the show. And look at this booth here, Pixel Empire. So many pieces of art. And there's so much good art at every convention. It's the hardest thing to film and show anybody. For one, a lot of artists get wary if you get a little too close to the goods with cameras. But for another thing, there's just so much of it. Whether it's t-shirts, coasters, stained glass like we saw earlier, banners, flags, there's a lot of licensed artwork, but also a lot of one-ofa-kind prints here at every single show, really. I mean, how could you show it all, right? Oh no, Batman's giving in. He's got a machine gun. He needs to fight crime. He needs to fight crime. That's how you know things have gotten out of control in Gotham City. Anyway, we've been trying to wander up as many of the aisles as we didn't really cover yesterday as we can, but it is not easy. Sometimes a little space will open up, but most of the time you shall not pass. Oh, look at that. Spotted that out of the corner of my eye for Ally right there. Ally loves the Gilmore Girls. She used to hate the Gilmore Girls. Then she watched it and she loves the Gilmore Girls. And Dean is here. Jared Padlei, I got a name right. I love that all the various celebrities that show up here will usually have 8 by10s on them or different prints from their shows and films. Like for example, there's deemed Jared Padleki right there. You can get all these different things. They always have them at their table, but there's whole booths with just spare different kinds of pictures, different prints. So, if the uh celebrity in question is willing, you can kind of get them to sign anything you want. You're not limited just to the selection at their table. Speaking of the celebrity tables, we are nearing that area where the cameras have to go down or else you'll get a fierce scolding. We were out here with John for a little while who had a fierce line even on the most chill day of the show and uh talking to his manager and everything like that and we were standing over here when the show closed and as it closed William Shatner finally showed up because I guess he had some flight delays and stuff and he pre-sold a lot of autographs and he had to stay for hours after the show floor closed just to finish signing them all. But he did it. Captain Kirk lived up to his heroic status. All right, we're going to go check on some of our friends over here back in the no camera zone, the forbidden zone. I'll be right back. Oh my gosh, it's awesome. Mo, I will risk the wrath of no pictures just to look at you. That is the coolest thing I've seen all day. You win. You win, Cartman. Dude, on the other side of the barriers over here over where the hobbits are going to be. I can't even tell you how intense the line is over there. And they were all saying there is no line yet. No line for like three more hours. 3 hours before Elijah Wood is even supposed to show up and it's just slammed over there like New Year's Eve in freaking Times Square. So weird. Got a couple of friends here that are working with some of the celebrities. I don't really get starruck. But uh it is cool when you see a celebrity and go, "Oh, they're real. They're a real person." By the way, the only thing longer than the lines for some of the celebrities are the lines for the food. You should have seen the Chick-fil-A line today. Yesterday, you walked right up. today. Chaos. Ally found the one thing that didn't have an insane line. Dip and dots. One of her favorite things ever. Everywhere we go, she dip and dots. Meanwhile, the tiki bar next door that we were looking at yesterday has got a line around the block. And so does the pizza place. Oh boy. We got some mystery boxes over here. What's in the box? Actually, you almost have to ask which box. There are so many boxes and so many lines. I don't even know where all of them begin and end. Look at this soldier taking a knee here in remembrance of his fallen comrades. His fallen comrades from the line. We got a big minion right there. This whole line right here is just for this booth. Soft meat. They're all trying to get in line to get meat candy. I've never heard of soft meat before. Figures posters. Meat candy. Apparently, I heard that word or that phrase tossed around three or four times. And then look back there at the meat oven. That's a great band name, meat oven. Actually didn't see any meat candy. So, I don't know what people were talking about. It says soft meat toys. I believe the meat oven has a name. Margaret. I've never heard of it, but apparently all these people have and a whole bunch of people around that corner over there. They want the meats. They should have gone to Arby's. Arby's has the meats, trust me. Hey, look, a Greg. Dude, never at any time during my regular dayto-day do I just want plushies. But when I come to these conventions and I see all these different things here, I'm like, I want them. I don't even know where I'd put them or why I want them. This whole show just creates so many wants I didn't know I had. We just been uh wandering around for a little bit, checking out some of the small publishers, independent authors. Just trying to look at some of the smaller, less visible stuff and a lot of the artwork we didn't get a chance to look at yesterday. some of which I don't think I'm old enough to uh to lay my eyes on yet. Look at this art. Oh, hello wife. There a lot of traffic jams at this show, but it's not always a bad thing cuz sometimes you get stuck and you just see all the cosplay comes to you here. There's some rad like 3D morphing art prints over here. Like here's Keanu Reeves and he's John Wick and he's Neo. Oh no, Roger Rabbit's going to come and see his wife on the cover of that magazine any second. Cover it up. Hello there. Look at these good nights. Knights of the realm. I like these conventions because there's so much stuff that I don't recognize. A lot of times I'll see somebody cosplaying something at a show like this and only later will I see the same thing on a thumbnail on a YouTube video or a Netflix thumbnail or whatever it is and go, "Oh, that's what that was." Dude, this booth here is so popular. It's all Lego mini figures. They have some like custom ones, some hand painted ones, your regular stock ones, your rare ones, your common ones, tough ones, ones, ones that climb on rocks. Oh no, we lost a piece of armor. I keep saying that Ally and I have been walking around. It's more like shuffling. It's more like everyone's shuffling around. I was just looking at some of the booths that I saw yesterday over again and I noticed this. Look at this sail down here. Buy two, get one free. Buy three, get one free. The power of the force. Sometimes I get very tempted to recollect all these guys. I remember when they came out in 1995 and I went crazy trying to get as many as I could. The long lightsaber like this one, the short lightsaber, the orange card first and the green card. And then of course we had Star Wars Episode 1 come out and we all went nuts buying Kiotti Mundy figures or Boss Nass over here or Jar Jar Binks or Mace Wendu. Oh man, I remember when this happened. Removable helmet Darth Vader. It's a good thing I didn't drive here. I'd be like, "How much for the whole box? Let me take the whole shebang home." I even put a pegboard. Well, my dad helped me put a pegboard on my wall as a teenager. I had all these figures in their package up there. I was a real collector. This is something you don't often see at shows back home anymore. The bins of halfbroken old vintage Star Wars vehicles. Look at those hoff bases. $3 a piece. 20 bucks for most of them. ATS a chicken walker. We were just talking about this when we went to an antique store the other day. Like all the good stuff is hiding in the Midwest, including a lot of the ghosts. That's why they have the Ghostbusters out here, just in case. I'm really starting to feel underdressed out here. I should have bought that shark mask after all. Maybe I could just get some goggles, throw on some goggles, and then I could be steampunk Justin. Just pop on one of these. Then I could go through the show anonymously. Oh my gosh, look at >> look at flat flat Grou. Grou, did someone step on your head? He can talk, dude. A lot of this this year, a lot of Silent Hill going on. Ally, it's been swept up in the craze. Also, just got super into Silent Hill lately. Who would I like seeing this? One of the Predators has been freed from their cosplay booth. So, a lot of people wandering the show floor now that were kind of chained to the desk yesterday. You got to get out there, man. You got to get out there and experience the mayhem, the chaos, the shuffling. This is a great name for anything at a comic uh show in my parents' basement. Officially licensed merch. They have a heck of a lot of sweet t-shirts up here, man. Look at the size of that selection. Dude, what the heck? Look at this. Yes. I prefer the Roosevelts just cuz the the fit and everything. That is a sick Mega Man shirt. Then look at that underneath. I loved when you got to the levels in Super Mario Brothers, the original one, with the black backgrounds. Just that simple sky change from blue to black gave me this sense of just being in a whole other dimension as a kid. Times were simpler back then and you wouldn't have seen this, dude. In 3D printing, that would have been like, oh my gosh, they invented a Star Trek replicator. It would have been It would have blown my mind as a kid. I love this space balls the hoodie, dude. They got some sweet Iron Maiden stuff right here. Boris Carlo as Frankenstein's monster. And granted, now there's been so many remakes and evolutions in most of the pop culture franchises I was into as a kid. Like, they have whole different Batmans than my original 1989 Michael Keaton Batman. But as a kid, I would have lost my mind if I saw someone in a costume like that. Outside of Disneyland in the8s, you were lucky if you ever got to see Ronald McDonald show up at one of the locations for a birthday party or something. Oh my gosh, look at that. Behind the emperor, they've got some Ewoks over there. I don't even remember how old I was when I saw my first Stormtrooper. Certainly, I could drive a car already. It was probably around the time episode 1 came out. Somewhere around there, dude, my mind was blown. And look at this freaking Ewoks. They look amazing, too. I would accept an argument for The Empire Strikes Back. I would even accept an argument for the original Star Wars cuz without that, you know, you wouldn't have any of this stuff. But I have to say for me, Return of the Jedi, the best Star Wars film still to this day. Darth Vader and Luke Skywalker fighting it out in front of the Emperor at the end alone. Easily the best space battles in the original trilogy. A yo chop of the hut and freaking Ewoks, dude. I love the Ewoks. I don't care what anyone says until they blink, which I still think was a huge mistake. Ah, Furby. I found the Ewoks far more creepy than cute. Go back and watch the original version, man. They don't blink and they try to eat Han Solo and Luke Sky. They try to cook them alive. They're maneaters. Oh, Allie's going to be bummed that she didn't see the Lat. I'm just imagining what I would have thought as a kid of seeing Chewbacca. My mind would have been absolutely blown. I would have lost my cool. I would have gone insane. And now you can see any character from any franchise. You can see working astromemech droids. Got fantastic makeup effects and creature effects just at every convention. Just things running around. Oh no, somebody put this little Jawa in jail. He stole Grou. That's why you shouldn't steal children. Yeah, >> see what happens to criminals. >> Yeah, he stole the baby. Oh, Naini. >> The baby's also a criminal actually. >> The baby's a criminal also. >> They stole sugary sweets. >> Oh, they stole sugary sweets. something. It said do not touch. >> Oh no, you're in the slammer. Oh well. Well, I've seen a lot of ads for bail bonds in Kansas City, so I think they'll be okay. Yeah. Now you can just see anything and everything that you ever grew up with and so so much more. Some of the stuff people build in their garages is now 100% better looking, more durable, and even more functional than the stuff we saw in movies when we were growing up. Like there's people who could just build a BB-8, a working BB-8. That's insane. Not to mention all the R2-D2s out here. There's even a Lego R2 over there. We can just get around Dumbledore here. Is that Satan? I've heard of him. Oh, and this giant Pokemon thing here. Got to take the long way around to get to everything. There it is. Look at that. Among all these high tech droids over here in various stages of completion, the Lego R2-D2. Actually, even though I was born in the 80s, I'm uh pretty nostalgic for Lego Star Wars cuz when my son was little, we used to play the Lego Star Wars games together. This That's my guy right there. Always wanted to get a functional R2-D2 and then get some kind of car where he could fit in in the back and turn his head and everything. But look at this. This is impressive. Most impressive. Look at that freaking sand crawler. Looks pretty close to actual size. Like the size of the model they used out in the desert to film the original movie. Oh my gosh, look at Woody over here. He's got a matchick and his holster. And check out the pull string on the back. So good. Look at just the statues, the collectibles, the costumes, the creativity, and the craftsmanship. I always get inspired and I kind of feel bad like, "Oh, I haven't done enough. I haven't worked hard enough, built enough, made enough, created enough." Oh my gosh. Slash. Yeah, I always get inspired after coming to a big convention like this. I didn't do slash like they hang out in Kansas City. Oh my gosh, look at this functional little Mario Kart track. They have those little uh metal Mario Kart cars you can buy at like Target and Walmart racing down here down Rainbow Road. I used to destroy, by the way, look at this fun pic photo op by the way. He-Man. We'll be going around the front of this in a second. I used to destroy my son at Mario Kart and rub it in. It's a dad privilege thing. Except on Rainbow Road. He used to just decimate me there and he would laugh and laugh and laugh. I used to beat him at Halo, too, until he got bigger. He is now the champion. I remember there being a point I wish I was like, I'm not playing anymore. It's not fair. He got too good. Way too good. So awesome. It's so impossible to capture the whole vibe of a convention. There's so much going on at each one. Spending 3 days at this one. It's going to take me 3 weeks to process everything I saw in those three days and I still won't understand it all. Look at this. some amazing art out here. Just absolutely so much talent, dude. So, so much is going on out here. Not only can you meet the uh real life actors, portray some of your heroes and your favorite film franchises or meet the voices or the artists behind your favorite animated stuff or comics. You can see 8,000 versions of their characters walking around the show. Full costume, full makeup. It's over stimulating, but it is so, so fun. Speaking of meeting heroes, it was last year that I met Don Rosa for the first time right on here. Look at Don has been very, very busy today. The duck man, the keeper of the Scrooge McDuck torch through the 80s and '9s. He turned Scrooge McDuck into a worldwide phenomenon. The most popular comics of the 80s and 90s in Europe. Very few people know about it in America, like I was mentioning yesterday. But look at this. Quite a crowd today. and he spends a lot of time with each person. Don's a good man. By the way, just to compare and contrast, if you saw yesterday's video, you'll remember the size of the crowd out here by the food trucks, which was zero. You'll remember we came down to the Pez stage and there was no one around. That's still a light crowd at the Pez stage. That's a huge convention center. There's a million rooms like this that are packed. I think PEZ just picked a a poor location. But Ally is now my witness. It's night and day, right? Between yesterday and today, the size of the crowd is totally there. Getting warm upstairs. We've only been here for like 2 hours, maybe 3 hours. That's how packed this is with stuff to see, things to do, so much going on. You can make this video four, 5, 6 hours long, and still not get everything going on in the show floor and outside the convention. They've got stuff going on. All these other buildings. It is wild. Looks like they at least finally got the whole line in the convention center. No wonder it's getting so warm in there. Dude, I never thought I'd see Skeletor sitting next to Mark Twain on a bench in Kansas City. Now, it's time for the main event. At least as far as Ally is concerned. She's got her photo op with Superman coming up here. She's going to have a little nostalgia for Spanish class. Going to try to put off the Lana Lang vibe. You know, tell him the Spanish class story that gets him every time. All right. Freaking John Wick and the White Ranger is out here. He lost his helmet. We finally made it across the convention floor though. Now reaching the boundary of the forbidden zone. Camera's down. Wish Ally luck. Here she goes. Ah, there's a sight for sore eyes space. You can actually see the floor again. So earlier it turned out that Superman's photo op was moved and so there was just a couple hours that we had to wait. The show closes now in about 30 minutes. So we're wandering back over so she can finally get her Superman picture. But in the meantime, we couldn't show you what we were doing cuz we were meeting Bruce Dickinson, Alex Winter, and Jeffrey Combmes, freaking Weon. He was out of Deep Space 9 8x10. So, I got one from his appearance on Enterprise for a friend of mine. I hope he doesn't watch this cuz I want to surprise him. They were all cool. Bruce Dickson from Iron Maiden, by the way. Yes, we went over there. I have a friend who's a massive Iron Maiden fan, so I had to uh get him a little something. Alex was cool, but I have to say the standout was Jeffrey Combmes. Freaking Wayun is the nicest person. ever. Star Trek Deep Space 9. By the way, if you've never watched Deep Space 9, if you've ever watched any Star Trek and you're not into the original series, it doesn't appeal to you. Trust me, Deep Space 9 is worth your time. First season, you're going to be like, "What is going on here?" Do you stick it out? It's one of the greatest television shows, if not the greatest, ever put on TV. You watch it today and you go, "How was this on TV?" It's incredible. Oh, freaking Skeletor is here with the Full Metal Alchemist. There's a there's a team up we didn't know we needed. We did not meet Elijah Wood. We also did not meet Elijah Woods. Actually, I did meet Elijah Wood one time. He was DJing at this very tiny bar in LA. We walked in, me and some friends, and it was like, is that Elijah Wood? Their line was literally so insane. They were like, maybe we'll change it tomorrow when things are hopefully a little calmer out here. So, we do have one more day. I don't know what all we missed on the show floor today, but we'll try to make up for the last vestigages that we can cram in tomorrow. Hopefully go see Laugh cuz Alli's never seen Walt Disney's first studio here in Kansas City. Maybe the Walt Disney Boyhood home, which we have gone and looked at. We drove past it the other day, but we'll go sit with Miss Robera for a while and go talk to her out there. And uh what the heck, Brett Michaels? Yeah, we got a little bit of Kansas City left and then we fly off for another state and another destination before we can go home. Hey, look, the fairy godmother's here. Yeah, it's been one long and crazy weekend already. We're only halfway through it. There's a lot more to go. We're here. We approached the forbidden zone once again and the camera has got to go down. You can see some of the lines are winding down, but I highly doubt that's the case for Elijah Wood over there and Sean Aston. Boy, they were busy today. All right, let's see how this Superman photo turns out. Oh, there it is. And Ally saw it and she said, "A cute." Which is good cuz normally when Ally gets a photo taken, she goes, "That's disgusting. I'm going to burn it." Look at this. Kermit is down for the count. And that is it today. The show ends about an hour earlier than it did yesterday. So, it's still a little bit light outside, but we have an hour drive ahead of us. I got to drive out to Lawrence, Kansas to pick up some hot sauce I had shipped out here that was a little delayed cuz our pal Don Rosa back there is a big chili pepper aficionado. So, I got to give him my hot sauce. It'll be a bit pedestrian for him. He likes rare peppers. But hey, maybe he can give me tips on some rare peppers to grow for my next recipe. If there is a next recipe, people keep asking me about that. They're like, "Dude, we've already invented the greatest hot sauce in the world." Well, the greatest jalapeno hot sauce. Anyway, as you can see, Planet Comic-Con 2026, Saturday is over. >> We've done our duty. Well, after we roll out to Lawrence, Kansas, then back from Lawrence, Kansas, then out to Independence, Missouri and Hotel and Sleep. Wow. Anyway, speaking of the hot sauce, if you'd like to get some or if you'd like to join our Patreon for all the shenanigans that are about to happen once we return back to Southern California, go to the links down below in the description. Does anyone ever look at those? Just go to randomland.com. How about that? And then you'll have done your GT2 and you can go home actually. Wow. See you next time. Look at the size of that convention center. Yes. Bartle Hall. Bartle. Bartle. Bartle. H ble hole. That's
