---
video_id: itQBfZuv3uc
channel: JustinScarred
title: "Inside the screen-used Keaton BATMOBILE, KITT, and Free Adam the Woo pins"
published: 2026-03-14
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=itQBfZuv3uc
---
Well, good afternoon from historic downtown/ oldtown Orange, California. Place I've lived a few times. Place that was always a happy place for me growing up and as an adult. One little piece of Orange County that still has that small town charm, which is why they filmed movies like Big Mama's House, Small Soldiers, and most especially that thing you do down here in Orange. And the heart of Oldtown Orange. Oo, classic car alert right there. Where the heart of Oldtown Orange is and always has been the plaza down here with the giant traffic circle in it. And in the center, Plaza Park. Oldtimey Orange residents always refer to this as the Plaza downtown. The Plaza, the Plaza, Plaza Park. Because of the traffic circle, most locals nowadays refer to this as the Orange Circle. There's still those people in orange that'll tell you it's not the circle, it's the plaza. Because of that, one of the stores down here has even started selling a t-shirt that says plaza plus circle equals plural. For myself, I'm not a big fan of the word plural, but I get it. I get it. Not cuz this is a special place to me. When my friend Adam the Woo first came to California, this is one of the first places I took him. Like, oh, you'll love this. You love that movie, That Thing You Do. Let's go down to the Orange Circle antique stores. When he was planning on moving to California, he asked, "Where are you going to land? Where are you going to end up living after your divorce?" saw, I think, orange. So, he grabbed my former roommate, Tyler Evans, and the two of them moved down here to an apartment very close to the Orange Circle, and the rest, as they say, is history. Adam filmed many videos down here, spent a lot of time wandering around here, made a lot of friends down here to the point where for us Orange County locals, he'll probably be forever associated, not just with the area or with the town, but with the Orange Circle itself. And although he sat on every single one of these benches out here in the Plaza Park and filmed, there's one bench in particular that's become really known for my friend Adam. The one right in front of where they put the nativity set every Christmas. And the one that is almost always in the sun and never in the shade, which is why it's almost never occupied, which is the reason Adam sat over here. It was the easiest one to always be able to grab a seat on. Someone scratched ATW into the bench. People have been leaving all kinds of little tributes out here on this bench ever since Adam passed away. It's now really become known as Adam's bench. We'll see if we can get a plaque on it or something like that. But in the meantime, people keep leaving their vandalistic tributes out here and I've come to leave one as well. We just finished having Adam's sort of official celebration of life at the Garden Amp this past Sunday. Right after it was over, I made a video asking the question, "Well, what now?" You know, we've all got to start moving on, figuring out what life is like without him, and starting to heal. Which is why today I'm actually setting out to achieve something that's been on my bucket list since I was a very small child. I just happen to be coming through the orange circle because I do indeed have one last loose end here for Adam the Woo. I wanted to do a favor not just for Adam the Woos fans, but also for my friends in BC Delorean who made these to bring to the celebration of life these free circle of goodness pins, these huge pins like Disneyland size. I'm leaving a couple out here on the bench so that if anyone stops by, and there have been many, many people stopping by every single day, they can grab one of those free pins. But mainly, I'm here because PC Delorean made 3,000 of things. They probably handed out a third at the event. And then they left me with a massive, giant, heavy box of thousands more, which I have just carried from my van down the street here in to the antique station, one of the antique stores down here. I was just going to put them into like a basket in my booth at the antique station, just so people could grab them for free. Not only do I have an antique store booth down here in this store, which is run by my mom. Shout out to mom. But Adam and I have a mutual friend who works in the antique station, our buddy Heyman with Jman, who pointed out to me that, man, you put those uh in just a big basket, someone might take the whole lot and start selling them on eBay. Something that's actually already happened with the free stuff being given out at this celebration of life. So, he's agreed to help me rope in some of the store employees and the store is going to hang on to the massive box behind the scenes and then give them out to anybody who comes in and asks for one. That way they should last a lot longer and it should guarantee that more of Adam's fans who want to make the trek down here over the coming months should be able to get a chance to get one of these free circle of goodness pins. So you've got to come down all the way south on Glacell. Not to the antique depot, that's the sister store. I know it's a little confusing, but to the antique station, the one with the big glass windows here. Used to be a grocery store. Satellite market as a matter of fact. Before that, I think in Alpha Beta. Look for this sign right here. It's right next to the Haven Gastro Pub. This used to actually be the grocery store parking lot before they built this other building here. So, this was the front of the grocery store. In fact, sometimes when the sun hits at just the right angle, you can see the ghost lettering from the old alpha beta on the building. Can't really see it on camera at this moment. This place is full of nifty gifties, full of treasures. And now, this is where you can come get a free Adam the Woo pin while supplies last, courtesy of our friends at BC Delorean. Let me show you how it works. Well, hello my good sir. I heard about free Adam the Woo pins. May I have one? >> Look at this. >> Look at that. >> It's that simple. Just come see Heyman with Jan or come see Chris or come see whoever's in here. Just ask for a circle of goodness pin. You'll be part of the circle of goodness. Thanks, fellas. >> Of course. >> I got to cruise down over here to my booth. Booth number 96. Oh, the way you can spot it most easily is we're right next to the giant tuna can here. They put this up in memory of tuna Tyler, who I am now calling wet Tyler. Don't ask why. I feel like it's self-explanatory. Waiting for the customer to leave here. Let her enjoy her brows. We have got plenty of space for more stuff, which means I'm going to be bringing down a whole bunch of my personal stuff. I have begun the purge of personal items in my life, including this Sherlock Holmes scrapbook that just came straight out of my bedroom. We got some jungle book artwork right here. This is original studio reference artwork for drawing Mowgli. All this stuff came out of my house, my personal turbo, man. My showboat game right there or my river boat game, sorry. We got a Zoro game over there. There's all kinds of cool stuff. And my mom is always finding weird treasures. Look at this. We can do baskets. We've also just restocked the hats. Got a couple of bottles of hot sauce in here. So, yeah, we've got some stuff in here. Come down and get a free Adam the Woo pin. Check this out, too, if you have time. We replenished the sticker machine. That's a Carl Pilkington joke. Not a misprononunciation. I always appreciated that Adam would come down here and film at my booth and show it off. Support. He was a good friend. He spent a lot of time in here and he was buddies with Jay and obviously buddies with me. I just feel like Oh, I don't remember seeing this booth before. Where do they get those wonderful toys? Just felt like the right place to be handing these out. Oh, and don't forget that Bob Gurr's manager has got a booth down here, which means you can get all kinds of signed Bob Gurr items down here. Also, this couch and this chair. Everybody talks about mid-century furniture, and they only pull out the modern stuff. Now, that's some mid-century furniture. That's some real grandma's house furniture right there. All right. Well, I've done my duty down here at the antique station. And I have left you all free circle of goodness pins again, courtesy of BC, Delorean, good friends of Adams. And now I move on to do something I have wanted to do my entire life. By the way, I can never leave this place without something. Something's wrong with me. One of my all-time favorite things since 1989 has been the original Tim Burton Michael Keaton Batman film. In fact, you may have seen my numerous videos showing off my Katon Batman collection. Both Toy Biz and the Kenner action figures from back in the day. It was my all-time favorite thing. And although I've seen the Katon Batmobile on display in the Smithsonian and the Peterson Museum, screen used ones I'm talking about. And I've seen several replicas at comic conventions and stuff like that, I have never sat inside of a 1989 Batmobile. But today, that is supposed to change if I can figure out where I'm supposed to go. So, where I'm heading is an auto museum that's actually only 15 minutes away from the antique station. Can you believe that? 15 minutes away from a place I've lived for many years. Has got an automotive museum with a Batmobile in it, and I've never been there. Well, that's a wrong I'm hoping to rectify right now. Okay, looks like I'm on the right track. That's what I'm looking for. The Maronei Auto Museum. Believe it started out as a private racing collection. The private collection of a fell named Dick Maronei and him and his son John moved it into this old salad oil facility or something like that and created a little auto museum in Orange County that I've never been down to until today. All right, I found the Maronei Museum. I'm still waiting for my friend that invited me to roll up, but I noticed something. thing I noticed that the street behind Maronei, it's called Santa Fe Avenue and there's no railroad tracks here. That always gets my well the exploratory part of my brain excited because and sure enough, look at this. Right here's the side of the maronei and I can see crossing signals, dude. And sure enough, here right in the middle of this random street in this industrial park are some railroad tracks. This guy's parked right on top of them. So I hope they are indeed abandoned. They definitely don't look like they've been train worthy for quite a while. And then look at that. We've got some ghost track. That's exactly what I was hoping to find. Look at this. Who knows if this was an old probably agricultural spur line cuz there were so many farms and ranches down here. But the old Tustin air base was not far away. So this could have been for the military bases. Awesome. Now all I can think of is Stand by Me. Although I don't think they had parking garages in the background in that movie. Oh yeah, definitely uh definitely abandoned for a while back here. You can see there's just a big missing chunk of track right there. See, look at this. History is everywhere. You know, you just got to scratch the surface. Look for the signs. Looks like this fell who parked over here knew exactly what he was doing. The tracks beyond are all overgrown and then they just completely peter out. old ghost tracks down here in Tustin, California. Just looking at the side of the Maronei. Clearly an older industrial building. Well, older than some of the surrounding ones. This is not the main entrance. I'm going to go around the front and meet up with my buddy Jay Ryan. Yes, that's right. The same guy who owns Dave Letterman's Old Desk and who co-hosts a podcast called A Blockbuster Year with my friend Brandon from BC DeLorean as well as his own podcast on which I've been a guest called Late Night playset. with Dave Letterman's desk. Pretty cool. Anyway, here we go. Let's go find our old buddy Jay. Well, I found the right place. And look at this. Insane. Okay, >> this is it. It's my buddy Jay Ryan and we're going to look at this Batmobile in a second. I'm very stoked, but I'm going to try and control myself cuz you're actually here for this. >> You're here for freaking kit. Tell me about kid. Okay, some people out there might be way too young to know what Nightrider even is. I don't know if they show that on TV land anymore. >> True. >> But this is the hero car. >> This is the first Night Rider ever was. This was the hero for the first couple seasons. It was used in all four seasons. Later on, it was converted to the right-hand drive blind car. So, like whenever Kit was driving around and there was nobody in the driver's seat, there was a guy sitting in here behind the seat and there was a whole duplicate. You can see some of the apparatus in there. It was a whole duplicate like a driver's ed setup on the right hand side that he would drive from. >> So there's another steering like a hidden steering wheel. Oh my gosh. >> So then it would seem like Kit was driving on his own. >> So how do you even explain Night Rider to kids? I don't know. >> We were thinking about this earlier. A car with AI. Like is that how you describe it? >> It's a robot AI car. >> It's a fella driving around a robot car. That's all you really need to know. And in the 80s that was like the coolest, most futuristic, most impossible thing ever. But he was also this guy who was like just traveling from town to town helping people like a drift >> a team almost but one guy. >> Yeah. One guy and a car. A sick car with a personality named Kit. I don't remember what Kit stands for. KITT. >> Night Industries 2000. >> Night Industries 2000. Look at that. So this is the original hero car. Does the museum own this or is this a private guy that's got it on display? >> My friend and partner owns this one and the Batmobile and they're on display here at the Maronei. Available to be seen by everyone. And what are you doing with kit? >> Uh we are here today with my friend Joe from the Nightrider historians down there going over details with Vince from the museum. Uh he has two of the five surviving kits. This is the first one. He has two others. There are two still somewhere else. And he also has the original tractor and trailer from the semi that he's restoring as well. So he's like the guy in the world who knows more about this than anybody else. And >> well, I don't know if I can tell you this, but Joe and I are working some projects with this particular car that will be announced soon. >> Okay. So, you're working on secret projects with kit. >> And today is a little bit of uh groundwork. >> And uh if nobody owns it, you guys should just copyright Knight Industries and then you'll, you know, you'll be ready to go. >> Merch. We'll make merch. >> Production marks that were made from the production. He's like, "This is how you can." >> So, you're doing movie archaeology. Joe's doing all the movie archaeology. Nightrideristorian.com or historians.com. >> Historians.com. >> Nightrider Historians. Joe's the guy. Okay, look at this. There's little signs say, "Please do not sit, lean on, or touch the car." >> This is a Universal. >> Wait, what? >> This is from Universal. This is showing the production number, production serial for the car. It's not the >> Oh my gosh. But that sign, we don't have to obey that sign, do we? >> No, not that one. Not the Please do not lean or touch. You can lean and touch if you're with us. You heard Mon'nique. She said we're like family. Every universal vehicle has a do label like this. Whether it's a production truck, whether it's a picture car, everything. So, every single car or vehicle ever used by Universal. This is some of the secrets, dude. Yes. And this 1198 is the first night. >> So, this was the first hero car for seasons 1 and two. And then season 3, they built a new one. So, it became the >> So, they used it to be the drive the stunt driving car over here where anytime anytime >> It's so amazing, dude. It's so incredible. Now they uh smuggle people over borders like that. I've seen a lot of TV shows late at night. Okay. See, Night Rider is something that I'm like just old enough to have seen on TV as it was ending or being shown in reruns. So, I'm not the most familiar with it. I got to I got to expand my DVD collection. >> There's a lot of replica stuff in here from when it was a tour car after production. >> Right. Cuz it went on display and did road tours. >> Exactly. At like auto auto shows in your town kind of thing. But there's a lot of original stuff underneath and behind this that we will reveal in due time as we, you know, make this a little more accurate. >> And now the big >> erasing the history. We don't want to we want to preserve it. >> Preserve the car. And now the big thing is you're going to let me sit in kit. >> Yeah. This is awesome. >> Okay, this is it. I'm getting in the Trans Am. I got long legs here. It's hard to fit. Oh, I've been sealed in. >> Oh, dude. Look at this. Uh, it might be one of >> They're trying to figure out how to turn the dashboard on. >> So, Joe, you're like the you're like the expert on this car. >> Uh, that's what people tell me. >> What's the YouTube channel? >> Nightrider Historians. >> Nightrider Historians. >> All things Nightrider. >> Okay. So, if you want Night Rider information, you got to go to Joe cuz I barely I just sit I remember sitting in my grandma's living room watching it with her. She was a big fan of the star, if you know what I mean. Him and Chuck Norris. She loved Walker Texas Ranger, too. >> Well, you might be able to find some Hoff chest HAIR ON THAT SCENE. >> OH, LITTLE HOFF hair in here. Dude, look at this. Is amazing. So, none of this is original, right? Or very little of it. >> No, we think some of this might actually be original, but it's altered. The the voice box, the dash pieces. Uh, >> man. >> So, we're going to do some uh >> But the buttons are all like dummy buttons. >> These are all fake. These were added. >> So, these are new. But this is Is this the original steering wheel? >> That is one of the original steering wheels. >> It's amazing how good it looks cuz this doesn't look like >> It's clearly been repainted. It looks awesome. The whole car has been repainted. >> Oh yeah. >> So, this car has seen a lot of touchup over the years. >> Yeah, dude. They used to jump these things. Even the hero ones, they would jump small amounts. >> This car, this is the car that was used the most in the series. It was used in like 95% of the episodes. >> Oh my gosh. But if you had a camera inside the car is probably one that was like cut in half or something, right? Not >> Yeah. They didn't use this for interiors. this this particular >> this is like if Hoff's sitting in there staring out the window and you need to you need this you need to see some of the interior in front of the trouble getting out swiftly to help. >> But if there was one if there was one in the world that was the one this is it. >> This is it >> from season one and two all four years. >> That's so amazing. >> This is freaking awesome. Can't wake up. I need direction. Somebody put a backup camera in here. >> Was that the Hoff? >> That's going to go away. >> That's going away. We could watch Netflix. >> We would do a two. Well, we'll get to >> Oh, yeah. Okay. Don't reveal secrets, guys. Don't reveal the secrets. >> I don't even know what's happening. >> Oh my gosh. Look at this. >> Look at this. From our friends at Night Rider Historian. This is the plate that's been on this car forever. >> So, that's the real one. So, that's >> It's inaccurate. This is a perfectly screen accurate plate brought to us by our friends at the Night Rider Histori. This was >> This is the old one when it was on display that was less accurate. I >> see. We didn't want to throw out a fuel cell. >> What's all this? Oh, fuel cell for the and you know lots of reasons why. >> Oh yeah, that was put in there specifically for the fire marshall at Universal Studios cuz this is one of the cars that they would actually put on a sound stage to film >> to drive up into >> drive up into the semi. >> Oh, no way. >> Per the fire marshal, they had to >> put a fuel cell in. >> That's amazing, dude. Freaking David Hasselhoff was best friends with this thing. This is his best friend right here. And then look, there's the light right in the front. freaking kit. The original kit from Nightrider. Now I feel bad, right? Like I need to go back, get Nightrider on DVD, and relive some of my childhood. I always thought Kit was so freaking awesome. And we were saying it's going to be hard to explain to kids these days cuz like, yeah, big deal. My dad's Tesla talks to me all the time. Okay, watch this. You'll see what I just experienced here. >> 6'2. >> Yeah. Hassle is 6'4. >> Yeah. >> Oh, so he's taller than us. >> Taller than us. And look how hard it is to just get your legs under that. >> Yeah. >> But if you think that's hard, I think the next car we're about to look at's even harder. >> Dude, there's one thing. >> There's one thing missing, though. >> Seat extensions, which that car had for Hasseloff, which it does not currently. >> Oh, so you can get the seat back in. >> I see. This is so freaking cool. >> Break the steering wheel. >> Not only was he in uh Night Rider, but wasn't he in the Spongebob movie? >> Who? Really? >> Yeah. David Hasselhoff. >> Oh, I thought you were going to say no. Not kid. Not kid. >> Got my buddy Jay over there. In addition to being a heck of a podcaster, has also worked in Hollywood for a very long time. He was production assistant on Conan's original late night show and all kinds of other TV shows and movies and things, but also got into restoring movie cars. So, he's dealt with things like the Ecto1 and the original Delorean a car. So, he's definitely a movie car expert. And that's what I'm here to see. A movie car kit from Night Rider. That is freaking awesome. But we have another screen used car right here that is much closer to my heart. And look at who's standing right next to it. >> I don't think that's Michael Keaton, bro. >> Uh, this is Dwayne Wayne. >> This is Dwayne Wayne. This is >> played by his brother >> played by Billy Bob Katon. >> Look at the sh of that neck right there. Dude, Batman is buff. Do me a favor. >> Yeah. I want you to tell your friends about me. Already done. Dude, this is so awesome. This is not just any old Katon Batmobile replica. Like I've said, I've seen many at conventions. There's a lot of private collectors who have replicas in this world. Some screen accurate, some not so screen accurate. But this one right here isn't just screen accurate. This is screen used. And not just a stunt car or a promotional car or a Six Flags display car. That right there is the hero car, the A car, the number one for Batman Returns. There were some slight changes between Batman 1989 and Batman Returns. They needed to build several more cars, not just for the movie, but like I kind of mentioned, for display, promotion, and obviously stunts, you're going to need backups. You know, when you're messing with one of these, this is insane. And like I was just telling Jay, you know, I've been up close to many of these that have been on display at Comic-Cons and stuff like that, but usually the stansions are way out here. I saw the hero car from 1989 when it was at the Smithsonian in Washington DC. I've also seen it at Warner Brothers and at the Peterson Museum at one point in the past. Always huge stansions around it. You can't get this close to the car. And look at this thing. Most of the stunt ones and most of the replicas have much less detail to them. This has got all the real stuff. All the hardcore stuff, the screen used stuff. Look at that big old freaking air intake right there. Dude, my favorite toys in my childhood were the Toy Biz Batmobile, which did not have the canopy on top, but was a two-seater, like the real thing, and then, of course, the Kenner Dark Knight collection version, which only had one seat in the thing, but it did have the top on it. I still have both of those in my little collector room in my office. And look at this. Jay's about to open this thing up. >> Just looking for my keys. >> Just looking for your keys. >> Couldn't find them. >> We're going to get inside. I was going to say, look at this. I've been looking at these little details on my plastic toys for, you know, 30 something years. >> So, these are the machine guns. >> So, amazing. Yeah. Yeah. The little things pop up for the machine guns. I don't know if they do it on this car or only on a stunt car. >> Probably on a a close-up stunt car. I think this is all just molded in. I think >> But see, I'm noticing like just all this detail here. This is the real thing. The real deal. Okay. What's the difference to your knowledge uh between the 89 car and this car? This one's narrower. >> Yeah, that two aesthetically I to my knowledge there's only two differences. One that this the part two cars are just slightly narrower because the part ones were so wide they wouldn't fit on transporters. >> Okay. Yeah. >> So when they were moving these picture cars around or you know trying to I guess they had to move one of the originals or something. However, they figured out so they chopped like 2 in off each side. So it's just a little bit narrower. >> Okay. >> Than the first one in at least this back here. And then I heard that they re-engineered all the steering mechanics because the first one just could not take turns at all. They had to like, you know, 800 point turns. >> It wouldn't surprise me except this is no better. You having driven it around like the neighborhood. >> What? >> It's not anything you want to do. >> You've driven this car. >> Yeah. You don't want to do it. >> Does Michael Keaton know? >> Yeah. I don't want to do it, dude. After driving the Delorean time machine, I rethought my life when I drive. You know what I mean? >> I I drove one of those for 5 years. Piece of cake. This is a whole another You don't >> They really were just sort of set pieces that move around versus actual vehicles. >> It's amazing. >> It's not like a pneumatic uh lifter. So you could in fact I think it's >> Yeah. This is how you would >> There's no power right now, but how you would uh jack it up or bring it down for like loading it on a truck. >> Oh my gosh. >> Nowadays, sports cars have it that auto lift. >> So you can actually lift it, get some more clearance. >> Yeah, because look at that thing. You would never get up my driveway. You could never get into the McDonald's drive-thru in that. >> So, it raises it up like maybe to like here, like 3 in, something like that. >> Okay. So, just enough to get on a ramp. >> Yeah. And then it looks a little cartoony, but you can roll it around, >> dude. This >> And then, ironically, it's more comfortable to drive in that mode, too, because it's, you know, got a little more compression. >> Yeah. Yeah, I bet. Dude, I can't imagine how hard it is to see out of this thing. I guess we're going to find out in a second. >> Is it once you get inside, you'll see you can't see out of it. >> How do they drive this thing around? I don't think I did much driving crime in this thing, dude. That is freaking awesome. So, these are the screen used hub caps. Like, I am touching the screen used. >> Now, in my memory, those caps were silver. So, I would say that maybe they I've been >> someone touched them up. >> Yeah, I would say maybe they repainted the wheels at some point, but they are the original wheels. >> They're definitely silver on the Ker one. They're silver, they're gold, or they're something. >> I've wanted to come in with rub and buff and redo these. So, I think I may do that. >> Oh, you going to rub and buff in here, dude? >> Why? That's >> okay. Jay is giving me permission and I have to trust him that we can open the fuel cap again. That's where that switch is for the hydraulics. >> But this also says Batman Returns movie >> number one. Movie car one. >> So this is the hero car. So when he drives into the square in Gotham City to fight the clowns, this is it. >> Yeah. >> This is the thing that comes out. So now you were saying so not just for the machine guns, but also there's a a thing that shoots out of here at one point. All that kind of stuff would be separate stunt cars or or models just for effects. >> Usually except this one spit fire out the back cuz that's a real motor. >> Yeah. >> Oh, let's go see the fire. >> Dude, the back of the Batmobile is iconic, but I have never seen it like this. Jay just removed the engine cover. Or I guess it's not the engine covers the engine in the front. >> Uh well, yes, but Batmobile wise, I think this was >> Yeah, Batmobile wise, this is the engine >> in the turbine. And it was a real I think Prattton Whitney, I think they said. >> So this is a real like some kind of jet engine on here. >> Yeah, if you look in there, you can see all the igniters. >> Oh, it's so hard to see. Hang on. We need a flashlight. Oh my gosh, dude. Look at this. >> Isn't that crazy? >> So those are all the igniters to shoot flames out of this thing. Right. >> And then are these like actual practical exhaust pipes on here? That's amazing. >> All the way down to the front. >> Dude, look at this. >> Okay, Batman and Alfred really cobbled this thing out of >> fuel cell over there. >> Duct tape and spit and coat hangers. This is so cool looking. I can't even wrap my brain around what we're looking at. >> And then the hoses for this run into the car so that the person who was driving the car is the one who could ignite the flames operated. Yes. >> Oh my gosh. Do you know what they use for fuel for that? It's like pure alcohol. No, the pure alcohol would be invisible. So, I don't know what it would be. >> I'm guessing it's probably jet fuel, which is kerosene. >> Oh my gosh. >> Kerosene. >> I would not want to be in the car while there was that much fire shooting out the back. But that is so freaking cool. Dude, there is not a bad angle on this car. One thing I've noticed just from helping to put that hood back on back there is you touch this thing, it leaves a smudge. And uh this reflected all kinds of the filming lights and everything. So I know they covered it with like some kind of matte spray in the movie. That's why whenever they make >> the other difference I was going to say is in the first movie it's a matte black and in the second movie it's more shiny like >> Oh okay. Okay. So they actually let it be more shiny. >> I think you're probably right. It was still dullled down but it was >> because the toy collectors are always arguing about it. Like whenever anybody produces a shiny one they're like well why isn't it why is it shiny? They're like well cuz the original car is shiny. They just had to spray it with stuff for the lights. >> Yeah. But it's not true. The first one was LIKE A SATIN. >> OH. >> OH, see we're learning stuff here. >> Probably spray some dulling spray on it as well, which is basically just hairstyle. >> And Jay would know cuz you're always digging around in archives and working on you worked on the Delorean a car. You've worked on Ecto. >> You've worked on a couple different >> bunch of Deloreans. Movie cars. And Jay knows where all the bodies are buried in the the movie car industry or many of the bodies we should probably say for humility sake. But Jay knows a thing or two when it comes to movie cars. And so when I was talking about how my favorite car of all time is the 89 Batman movie, he's like, "Yeah, I could get you in one of those. What are you talking about?" You're always so casual about like, "You just have to ask the right questions." >> I just have to ask the right people. And then look at this. >> So you're just opening that with your hand. >> No remote control. It's not actually automated in real life. >> Yes. Correct. >> So maybe did they have wires or anything to animate this or one of the stunt ones perhaps? Or there's just a guy in there pushing it open. I really would say there was probably a guy on the other side or inside open >> just pushing it open. >> And then look at this. >> Get in there. You'll see how low tech it all is. >> Well, speaking of low tech, >> speaking of getting in there, you look at this car, you think, "Yeah, I want to get in that Batmobile." But if you actually stand next to one, you're going, "How?" Yeah. And the way is >> I may need to hold your camera. >> Yeah, cuz you got to step up on that. Step up on that. >> Sit stand on the seat. >> You have to stand on the seat and then somehow >> your left leg in first. That is like not even the size of my hand. That's like a couple inches, a couple centimeters. >> I've tried that. It's a mistake. Don't do it. Try to get it in here first and much much easier. >> You got to straddle that thing. You want me to maybe take your camera on the other side or you going to try to do it yourself? >> Uh, you might have to hold this for me, buddy, cuz I'm a little bit nervous. >> Yeah, >> I'm a little nervous. >> Yeah, you should be. >> I've never stepped on I don't don't tell me what this is worth until after I'm out of it. >> Okay. So, step. >> Yep. >> Step. >> Yep. down on the seat. This is okay. >> Both feet on the seat. >> Both feet on the seat. >> Now, you're going to want to slip your left foot. There you go. That's the trick to it. That's the trick to it. >> Okay. >> I'm sorry. >> Oh, you got to get that left foot all the way in first. Yeah. There you go. You got it. >> You did it. >> I can feel the clutch. >> You notice I'm wearing an appropriate Roosevelt shirt today. I'm wearing the 89 Batmobile Roosevelt. Get my >> Yeah, I don't fit in this thing. >> No. No. >> Look at my head. >> I told you. >> I can see over the wall. >> I know. You got to scooch down real hard. >> Oh, dude. I can't even get myself in. >> There you go. So, your foot's not You Your foot's not on anything. You want to move your left foot to the right a little bit and further. There you go. There you go. >> This is not easy. >> This is awesome, though. >> Like, this is my ey line. I've now scooted down a little bit to where this is my ey line, but this is long and low. Dude, look at this. So, these are all screen used gauges. >> This is all original stuff. Okay, these are real buttons. We can push those buttons at least. >> There's a third level level. >> Look at all this. >> Oh, someone broke off a lever. >> Yeah. Or it fell off or something somewhere. >> Okay. So, you'll have to do a little restoration on the Batmobile as well. Look at all this. This is incredible, dude. My Batmobile when I was a kid just had stickers. >> Dude, we're sitting in a Batmobile right now. We are sitting in a screen used Katon Yep. >> Batmobile. And this is what I love. The two-seater. Okay, I'm going to duck. We're going to >> Oh, dude. This is going to take my head. Ouch. Off. >> Okay, here we go. >> Ready? >> Oh, we're sealed in. >> Yep. And then this is the canopy release over here. >> This is like No wonder Vicky Veil fell in love with it. This is close quarters, buddy. We're getting to know one another in here. >> Toasty. >> This is very warm. I can feel my own breath. You got your legs up like a grasshopper cuz there's actually a battery down there. So So two people really don't fit in this car. Look at this though. So the Katon the Katon cow famously uh they had to they had to like make shorter ears for the first movie. The second movie though you're saying they just took the seat to where Katon could sit on the floor. >> They took the seat out right. These seats aren't even mounted to the floor. >> That is so freaking cool though. >> This is so freaking awesome, dude. Batman sat in here. Batman Dave Lee sat in here. Carl Newman sat in here which are the stunt doubles. You got freaking Michael Keaton in here. Probably Danny DeVito. I'm guessing everybody on set was like, "I'm sitting in that thing." Tim Burton probably sat in here. >> We're sitting in We're We're breathing in Burton air. >> Who knew? >> I like the dude. This This thing though is like right down, >> bro. This thing is making love to me. It is very tight quarters in here. Oh my gosh. You just pulled on this. >> Yeah, it was the headlight, but they don't seem to be licky switches down there. I mean, this is Look at all the little gauges and switches. >> Really? for like that stuff like the >> Oh, for the headlights. >> Yeah, this is the the lift. >> Oh, but why doesn't it say bat headlights? You know, Adam West style. That's what we got to get going. >> Canopy release. It would do that. >> Okay. So, we pull that and then you have to lift it and then you have to watch your head when that's coming out cuz it's got this. It's got this lip on it. So, it caught me in the back of the dome a minute ago. >> This is so freaking cool. >> It was warm in there. >> Now, I do want to drive it. But I I can see Look at that. >> Like a go-kart. >> You cannot see out of this thing. You can't see past the hood. You're basically We're basically sitting on the ground. Like I thought my Mustang was low. This thing is >> This thing is not We're just basically on the ground and then on a little bit of cushion. Yep. >> That's all there is. So yeah, just turning the wheel >> here. >> Oh man. >> Look down here. >> Look down there with your camera. >> Yeah. >> There's not a whole lot of like you're outside. >> Yeah. You're basically exposed to the elements in here. >> Look at that. >> That's just a gap right there. That's what we call a gap in the business. >> I noticed a couple of things. There's a bunch of switches and stuff back here that I never noticed. Including a CD player. >> Feel like that must have been. >> You got a little CD player back there. Is it a cassette tape player? I can't see. Let me see. Oh, yeah. >> Look at that thing. So Batman could like bump some tunes. That's right. >> Let's see. 91 1990 probably. They're filming this. So what's what's on the radio in 1990? Prince, I guess. I don't know. I don't know. There's a little hole right there. Michael Keaton was smoking a cigarette. Got a little burn right on the dashboard. This is incredible, man. It is. >> This is so cool. Yeah. Turning this. I'm guessing no power steering in this bad boy. Yeah, that is no fun. I I can't do that. And uh hopefully it has disc brakes at least. >> You want disc brakes. You don't want drum brakes in Gotham City, man. >> Not a good idea. >> This were just an old Caprice or Impala. It probably does have drum brakes. >> So, it's a Caprice engine on a Impala frame. >> I'd have to think. Yeah, I'm I'm I think it's an Impala frame, but I heard there was a custom built. Yeah, there's two Chevy frames that were like welded together and customized at least for the very original car. I don't know if they >> same thing. I'd have to look >> custom fabricated the returns car, >> but this is amazing. See, now I love 89 Batman. It's the better of the two movies if you're going to compare, you know, apples to apples. But really, to me, they're two totally separate movies. Agreed. >> They're kind of two different universes, and that's how I appreciate Returns as its own thing. >> But 89's my my jam. It never made sense to me until somebody the other day told me that, you know, the first one was shot in England, of course, and then the second one was shot at Warner Brothers. >> Warner Brothers. I think it was me that said that. >> Oh, then you're the one. I never knew that. And it explains so much the different production values. >> Yeah. And how tight the set was and all that kind of stuff. Then you had to use every sound stage for penguins and everything. Dude, this is so freaking sick. And I want to go to Warner's one day and just show where all that stuff was. But the problem is Warner is very hard to film at. >> Very hard to get permission to film that. They'll let you go there and wander around. They'll let you look around. >> But unlike Universal >> stuff, but you can't. >> Universal is a little more like, well, if you happen to have your phone on you, what can we do? Warner's a little more like, why did you do that? You know what I mean? A little more. >> I didn't know that. >> Yeah. So, uh, I've tried a couple times to get permission, but we'll see. One of these days, someday, Jennifer, we'll reach the right guy. >> It took Adam, uh, speaking of Adam the Woo, it took forever till he could get on the Warner lot with a camera so that he could film that spot in Pee-Wee. Mhm. >> You know, with Madam what's her face's uh Yeah. The Palm Parlor. That was our last >> dude. And then the pet shop and all the stuff. It's like he loved Warner Brothers. He loved the Warner Ranch. >> Oh, he loved the Warner Ranch. So awesome. Wait a minute. >> I was really careful. >> They don't like how close we are to the Ferraris. You're going to push us forward. >> Pull me into neutral. Any gear other than No. Grab this. Grab. There you go. There you go. Perfect. >> Oh my gosh. Jay just put it into neutral. So, we're actually going to take a ride right now. WE'RE RIDING. >> OH, OKAY. I could steer. Should I steer away? There you go. I'm >> steering away. I'm steering. He's >> driving the Batmobile. >> I'm very scared. >> Crank it back. Crank it back. Is that back enough? >> Yeah, that's perfect. Straight. >> Okay. Straight. Straight. A little to the like that. Okay. >> I just turned the Batmobile wheels. I sort of drove the Batmobile. >> You can see all this stuff. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. You can see all the buttons, dude. So awesome. It's so cool. And this is like one of the few movie Actually, K including this. This is one of the few movie cars or TV cars that you get in and the inside is not totally disappointing. You know what I mean? You got the Delorean and this and Kit. >> Yeah. >> I guess kind of the Ecto cuz what do you expect to be in there? >> Yeah. >> But you know if it's got all the proton packs then you're cool in the back. >> Right. Right. Right. Right. There's a lot of cool movie cars though. You get inside and it's just like you know purple interior or something like Well, we never needed to use the interior like oh that's ugly, you know. But this >> it's not even finished. It's like a race seat with a harness and stuff. Dude, I wish I would want to touch every Okay, this is awesome. Jay is taking Jay is taking photos of me. Look at that. See how you can see nothing. I mean, you cannot see anything but hood in here. And the funny part is Jay can hear everything I'm saying because there's a lot of gaps in this car. This thing is not weatherproof. >> Yeah, >> it is not ready for tornadoes and hurricanes. I think he's going to leave me in here. All right, just push up and then you got to watch the lift. >> I love how simple that is. It just runs on the rail. >> So, >> I love the headrests, man. >> It's crazy how low tech it all is, right? >> This is not stock Chevy anything, right? They built these. These are custom seats, I would guess. >> No, they do match the first ones with the cutout and the >> look like Ricaro seats from the time, but I I've never actually >> Oh, like the tail lights must be from something. The headlights must be from something. So, probably Chevy stuff, right? Cuz they were using a lot of Chevy cars. >> I mean, I would say no to that, but you're right. It's possible. This looks like a custom. >> Yeah. The Joker van is a big GMC truck. >> Yeah. >> And it's some kind of GM or Chevy cars, UK cars that his goons are running around in part one. So clearly they had a a deal with Chevy >> somehow. >> Okay. So is there an order of operations to get out? >> Same thing. Just get yourself so that you stand on the seat and Exactly. It's just be careful. Don't hurt yourself. Try not to hurt the car. >> This is the most unflattering. Try not to hurt the car. I'm not hurting this car. Okay. So I'm going to do the Batman jump. >> Oh, look at you. Okay, I feel safer now. Dude, I just sat in Bruce Wayne's car in the freaking screen used Katon Batmobile from Batman Returns. Jay just told me what this car was appraised for. I'm not going to repeat it, but it was a lot of money. Bruce Wayne money. I'm just so stoked to get up close to this thing and I'm getting down and dirty. Getting down on the floor and just staring at stuff like the headlights down here. And I mean, I'm literally down on the floor. The butt of the camera is touching the ground. It's what I used to do with my toys. Get down like on the ground. Look at them at eye level. I know it's a returns car, but all I'm thinking of is scenes from 1989, right? Michael Keaton standing in front of Stop. It's so cool cuz on the real car, there's so much detail. I never knew that this nose cone is actually kind of curled, right? Like all the toys, it's just straight. And I've seen so many replica cars where that's just straight. I never knew that it had this little curve to it right here. Like a little bit of a Squidward nose thing going. And then you could just see the actual moving parts, the actual grill in here. This is insane. Makes me really wonder though. There's no like hood opening that I can see. I wonder how they get to the engine. Maybe they have to pop the whole top of the car off. Dude, look at this. This is so insane. And having spent basically my whole life since I was 6 or 7 years old looking at this car, looking at pictures of this car, toys of this car, watching the movies, it's just so freaking cool to see it up close. So there we go. Look at that. We got the bat symbol up right now on the tire. We don't know that these are original screens tires. Probably not. But that is incredible. I just love all this little detail here. By the way, when you latch the hood, there is like a hood release or a not a hood release. What's it called? The um the canopy right there. There's a canopy release hidden down on the opposite side of the car. Uh so you could open it from the outside if you snap it closed like that for putting it on display. Look at this. I'm sure there's a movie car expert out there that knows exactly where each piece that's on this thing came from, like what jet parts they came from or car parts or whatever. I don't have that kind of information for you, but this is just the sexiest, coolest looking thing I have ever had the privilege of getting up close to. I never noticed the little grippy steps in the movie itself. I'm sure they're there, but I never noticed. And I love these little windows or these little divots that are on the car there. Look at this right here. That looks like a fuel cap right there. And then you have another one of these little caps on this side. Oo, that looks like an actual fuel tank, too. So, I don't know which one they're actually putting fuel in, but that looks like a regular gas tank. Dude, that feels so awesome. Dude, I just keep walking around it and around it. Not only do I have the Toy Biz one and the Kenner one in my office, and I have a few other variants besides. Got one of the big McFarland ones, but I also have the Batman Returns Power Wheel. It was actually not a power wheel. I think they were called Power Drivers by Buddy L. So, a comp a competitor to Power Wheels. There was a 1989 version I've looked for forever. I've never seen one in person, but when I was in San Antonio, Texas with Oscar. Here's the big reveal if you were watching my Vision Quest back home to California from Florida. When I was in San Antonio, Texas with Oscar, we walked into a vintage toy shop right by his house. I can't remember the name of it, but it had a Star Wars theme. I think Rogue, no, not Rogue to I can't remember what it was. Anyway, they had the Batman Returns Power Wheel. I'm just gonna say that for uh convenience sake. >> And the guy did a really good deal on it and now I've got that in my garage. So, it's a little bit of an obsession with me. What can I say? You know, >> it's the car. Chicks dig the car. Yes, I know that's a quote from Batman Forever, but it doesn't matter. So, anyway, having heard what this car appraised for, this is well out of my price range, right? I can't even buy a house in Southern California, and this costs significantly more than the house I'm living in. I'll probably never be able to own a 1989 Batmobile, especially a screen used Batmobile. But if I'm very lucky and very good and say my prayers at night, maybe, just maybe, someday, I'll be able to own one of these. Dude, those guys are over there all distracted by kit. And all I want to do is just hug the Batmobile nonstop. What's really crazy is depending on where you stand, this thing assumes a whole different shape. Like if you back way up across the museum, it suddenly gets so much longer. Oh, look at that. Just jacked it up for us. Look at that. So that is the only way they can get down underneath the car, too, and do any work on it cuz the maroneies were just telling me that the fiberglass shrinks over time. So it's pretty hard. So there's no hood. That's how you have to get to the engine from underneath. It's the only way. That is so cool. Well, I would be remiss if I didn't look around at all the other cars in here. All started with the Maroneies and their racing team and maintaining their own cars. And then they would do so much work for children's charities that they decided to use this place as a museum primarily as a fundraiser for children's charities. So, that's what they do. They were just telling me that all the money they make from this, from the museum side of things, from events that are happening down here, it all goes to underprivileged kids and and charity and stuff like that. So, not only is the Maronei sitting here with all these amazing vehicles in it. I mean, look at this freaking Ferrari right here. Don't want to scratch that, but it's also all here for a good cause. Now, look at this. Look at this big Mach 1 up here. That is a gorgeous Mustang. My dad had a 1970 Boss 302. It was a white one. This is the Mach 1 and I believe he said it was a 1969 with a big 428 in there. But there's also a Boss car right over here. Look at that. What is it? Grabber orange. I mean, these are gorgeous. Gorgeous cars. Yeah, there it is. Boss 302. My dad's car looked just like that except it was black and white, which is literally where my black and white obsession came from. That's why the colors of the hat. It's why I love black and white t-shirts. Although I cannot find any more black and white striped t-shirts. Everyone's always like, "Why don't you wear those shirts anymore?" I can't find them in a large tall size. I wear tall t-shirts. That's right. I'm a lanky fella. Sneaking in here trying very carefully not to scratch anything just to get a look. My dad uh his blew up and the hood was off and hanging in my grandpa's garage for a long time. That sick black and white Boss 302. And uh he ended up selling it sometime around 1990, 1991 for like 20 grand. Oh no. That was top dollar back then. Top dollar. These days my brother and I looked into it, right? Cuz it was always our goal like we'll get our dad another Boss 302 one day. You can find a roached out one with no motor and all that kind of stuff and and rust and pay 70 grand. So these things are exceedingly rare now, especially in the white color. If it was factory white, especially super super rare. But yeah, my dad had this car when he met my mom. No wonder she went a courton. She's never said so, but I'm guessing it was the car cuz I know my dad. No, I'm kidding. My dad's a handsome fella. Look at that up there. 66 Mustang GT. Look at this old 1937 fire engine out here. I wonder what the dome is for. Anybody know what the dome on top? Aaron's Fox fire engine. They got all kinds of motorcycles. You got everything in here. I don't know much about race cars. I know that's a Delorean over there and I know that's a Volkswagen Beetle, but I'd be hardressed to name you every single one of these cars just by sight, but the Mustangs I happen to know just a little bit about. Look at this though. 1930 Simplex Sprint car. Never heard of that in my life. Learn something new every day. Got a beautiful old Willys Jeep right there. The original Jeep. And then you car guys will know what all these different Ferraris and >> and all that stuff is. I have no idea. Never thought I'd own one, so never got interested. Look at that Mercedes, though. Gold wing doors on that. 1954. Eat your heart out, John Delorean. I love this though. Just a bug just hanging out. Used to find one of these in every single driveway in Southern California. You could get them for like 500 bucks. I always wanted to own one. Then cash for clunkers came along. And you never see these things anymore. Not nearly as much as you used to. So, ain't that spirit slug bug. Oh, look at that. Just realized, by the way, when I went bugging and and talking like that, Adam used to make fun of me all the time and mimic me. The other person he mimicked all the time, 100% of the time was his dad. You ever watch one of those JWW on the Move videos and you think, "Man, he sounds so much like Adam." There's a reason. Adam and Faith's favorite thing to imitate the way their dad talks. He does have a very lyrical way of speaking. You know, some people just have sort of a melodic voice. the way they go up and they go down. You know what I mean? Got a FW10 there from 1985. I only know that because the sign. And then look at this. 1996. Oh, and then as they're filming uh stuff about kit over there. I didn't even notice this. They got the General Lee sitting over here. Look at that. So, this says it was fully licensed, but it doesn't say anything about being screen used. Just so I believe this is a General Lee replica charger that we're looking at. Not a replica charger, but a replica General Lee on an old Charger. 1966, I think. Am I correct about that? 69. It was on the song. 69. It was on the sign right in front of me. I ain't never seen one of these in Gettysburg. Then look at this freaking Lamborghini sitting right here. I do feel like we're in Bruce Wayne's garage. All right. They're still uh dealing with Kit over there looking and probing and talking about their secret projects. I'm gonna tiptoe around them because behind all this Night Rider talk, look at this. Got any cheese? The Isetta, the Urkl car, BC Delorean painted theirs to match the Urkl car, which was of course red and white, and brought it down for Adam's memorial. So, that was cool. Oh, I never got to sit in the one that uh the BC Delorean guys brought down. Can we sit in this one? >> Well, I don't know. >> I don't know. I don't want to sit on that sign right there. >> Looks very nice. >> Oh, it looks so nice. I'm not I'm not sitting on that, dude. What if my zipper pops a hole in that seat? I don't think I can replace it. >> This is so cool. And did I do that? >> I don't think Urkl uh drove this one. But >> no, not this one. His was red. >> Urkl knows how to ride in style. >> It was so adorable. pulled the photo of BC Delorean when or the video when Adam the Woo was sandwiched together sitting there in rain. That's so funny. >> Oh, it just warmed my heart, >> dude. Then look behind you. The Boss 302. That's what I want. >> I think I want one of those more than a Batmobile. Except for I'd like one with power steering. >> Well, you can drive this. >> That's right. Exactly. >> I'd rather have the Night Rider cuz at least you could drive, >> right? You could drive that. You could get in You could get through a drive-thru at Taco Bell with the Night Rider car. You could not do that. If I was like a wealthy Bruce Wayne type, I would probably have a house and that would be inside it, >> right? To look at. >> We would just look at it. Yes. >> We would just look at it and we would just enjoy it. >> Basically, I'm not even a Batman guy, but I love it so much. >> You just bring girls home to look at it. Hey, ma'am. Look at my bat. Well, it would never be girls. It would be dudes of a certain age. Of our age. It would be dudes our age. Oh, come over and look at your >> I was trying to wrap my head around like, "Oh, am I ready to date again? I'm still so raw as a Nicole." But now, you're right. The truth is, it would only be all my guy friends who wanted to check. late wife, rest her soul, >> started the Good Vibes Breakfast Club with you, which is a whole crazy car club that goes up uh Angela's Crest Highway. And what's that place called up there that you guys go to? Um >> Nukem's Ranch. Yes. Closed for a long time. >> And uh you guys are still doing that, right? Like >> is it every Sunday or is it one Sunday a month? >> It's every Friday. >> Every Friday. Every Friday morning. See, don't ask me for >> We used to blow off Friday mornings when Nicole got sick and we would drive the little yellow car up there and that's how it started. But now everybody like people know about it all over. >> But you guys founded that while she had MS and she was struggling with MS and all that stuff. So right to the end she was still doing good stuff. >> That was Yes. That was creating community. >> Still did. And she she went to good vibes the last Friday of her life. >> She said that was the one thing she'll do. >> Where can we find that docu that mini documentary I watched about her and you and >> uh it's on our uh it's well uh well that's a very good question. It's on my Instagram. It's on the it's on my links for Instagram. >> You send me the link and I'm going to put in this description cuz it's a really cool story. You got to get to know Jay Ryan's story right here and blockbuster gear and >> late night playset podcasts. >> Thank you, >> dude. This is freaking awesome, Jay. >> Yeah, there's >> this is awesome. But this this was on my bucket list. I'm sorry, Hoff. >> But the kick car wasn't my bucket list. It was definitely the Batmobile. Okay, they're filming. Let's keep quiet on the set. Quiet on the set, Jay. You should know better. >> Dueling YouTube videos today. This is tough. >> Okay, look at this. We just figured this out. >> You asked this on your video. >> Yeah. Look at this >> Ferrari tail light. >> This is a F40. Priceless F40 here. Millions and millions of dollars. >> Millions of dollars. And that's what Bruce Wayne's got on the back of his Batmobile. But the front headlights are what did you say they are? >> Like a late '80s Honda Accord. Somebody, one of the production guys or art design saw it. It was on his wife's car and I think he flipped it >> or something like that. And that's Yeah, >> Bruce Wayne was just like sparing no expense. Spare no expense. He got to the He got to the headlights. He's like, "Ah, forget I'll rip these out of an Accord or whatever. >> I would have said this was from a tractor or something like a combo something agricultural. I didn't >> Well, these might be from a tractor. But that's Ferrari. >> Did you just see this? >> What? >> That is awesome. >> That is so cool. >> We just looked it up and confirmed Honda Civic headlights. What's your name for all the folks at home? >> Uh Dennis Reinger. >> Dennis Reinger with the research. Honda Civic. >> He's Night Industries 83. >> Yes, >> Night Industries 83 on Instagram. So, I'm guessing now that means these are actually square and only the shape in the front is teardrop shaped, right? So, that means these are >> maybe. >> Look at Jay now. He's getting all into the research. >> Get up underneath that thing. Jack it up and get underneath that thing. Anyway, that's all she wrote. They're done with the Night Rider archaeology for the day. >> Shout out to all these guys. It was super cool. The Maroneies for letting me wander around in here. >> This is epic, dude. Bucket list item. achieved >> thanks to sweet J Ryan. >> All right, we're out. We did it. And now I've got to make my way to Janelle from Magic Journey's birthday party. What a transition, dude. From sitting in a pizza place, not eating pizza, which is where I'm about to be. And then an hour earlier, I was with the Batmobile. Nice to meet you, fellas. >> Nice to meet you. >> I love you, >> Jay. Come for the real thing. >> I love you, buddy. >> I'll give you kind OF A HUG. >> OH, WE'RE ALL GOING TO HUG. We're all hugging now. >> Not going to lie, that was freaking awesome. Freaking awesome. Just glad I was wearing my Batmobile Roosevelts right there. An appropriate shirt, as Adam would have said. And now we go from all those Ferraris and Batmobiles and kit. Literally million-doll automobiles to the coolest car of them all, the random van. >> Thanks for riding along with me. >> I was just thinking I never would have met Jay if it hadn't been for Adam. So, in a way, buddy, you're still bringing people together. Pretty crazy. Pretty crazy special friend. I'm glad we got to drop off those buttons. So, go get a free button. And uh in the true circle of goodness spirit, as Adam would have said, that's going to do it for today. Thanks for watching. See you on the next one. And put that into gear. Like Tom Wilson said on Sunday, the vlog is never over, so I won't leave you with Adam's famous line. However, I will say for today, we've done our duty. Time to go home and sleep well. See you soon. Crash hook babe indeed. >> Happy birthday Janelle Mitch P Liz. Who is that beautiful girl? Give me her phone number.
