---
video_id: eE3l87IFVgk
channel: JustinScarred
title: "Two VERY different Ghost Towns - and the Adam the Woo mission to Utah"
published: 2026-02-28
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eE3l87IFVgk
---
Well, good morning everybody from the wild, beautiful, dry, and silent back roads of southern Utah. Well, I say backros, but we are not far from Zion National Park, a very busy place in southern Utah. And I am on a very special top secret mission, but more on that later. I just pulled over here because the views are breathtaking, but so are the views everywhere in this part of the country. I have something very special I just wanted to take a look at this morning. little four mile back road, which as you can see is unpaved in sections. It's not a quick one, but it's worth it for what's at the end. A yes, we've made it. We're back in the little famous ghost town of Grafton, Utah. Gosh, is it ever beautiful out here. This is the perfect way to start your day if you possibly can. Out in the open air somewhere beautiful. Grafton was settled by Mormon pioneers at the end of the 1850s originally about a mile downstream from where we're at. They were flooded out and eventually moved to this site in 1862. Brigham Young had led the Mormon pioneers to what they considered their promised land. Of course, 1862 is sort of the height of the Civil War. Cotton being cut off from the South and Brigham Young wanting the Mormon settlers to be independent. Believe it or not, what a lot of settlers did down here, what Grafton settlers did was grow cotton down here in the wild deserts of Utah. Because we're not far from Zion National Park, like I mentioned, which is just over that way, Grafton is sort of a wellvisited ghost town. Let's put it that way. It's fairly easily accessible. Like I said, just about 3 or four miles off the main road. Because of that, Grafton is actually a pretty famous spot, not just for Zion travelers, but also has a long history in the motion picture industry. Starting with a movie called In Old Arizona, one of the first talkis, if not the first talkie, filmed outside a studio, meaning first sound movie. The Arizona Kid in 1930 and then more movies in the ' 40s and then most famously in 1969. It served as Paul Newman and Robert Redford's hideout in the movie Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. He rides the bicycle right past these buildings here. As the rest of Utah became settled and this is obviously not the most prime location in the world for a big settlement, most of the residents of Grafton moved away. If I remember correctly, the last permanent resident of Grafton, the last person living here in the old core moved away in 1945 at the end of World War II. So, there were always private land owners still around here, still in the area, we have Rockville, we've got Virgin, several towns nearby. And because it's an early Mormon settlement, because the early Mormon pioneers literally believe that God had led them out of the world and to the promised land, obviously the modern-day LDS people have a lot of reverence for their pioneering ancestors. And so in that spirit, Grafton has been sort of lovingly preserved first by private groups and private land owners coming together and getting the land owners to participate and then eventually founding a nonprofit called the Grafton Heritage Partnership Project in the late 1990s which purchased the town site and has preserved it as an open space for visitors in perpetuity. And so it's weird. It's this tiny little remnant of an old pioneering ghost town, very lovingly preserved in many cases by the direct descendants of the people who settled the town. And although it is rather well known for people coming to and from Zion and has been in major Hollywood movies, as I just mentioned, it's still kind of off the beaten track cuz even when you're going through the main town where the road branches off to head to Grafton, there's no sign or anything. No one's taking tickets. No one's handing out pamphlets or selling trinkets. It just sort of is. And if you've heard of it and you can stumble across it, it's just a great wonderful place to roam around and think about the early western settlers out here, of which of course, particularly in Utah, the Mormons were a big part. It's funny because like I said, we had to take a three or four mile road off that way kind of through the foothills of the butes or the base of the butes over there. But actually just across the Virgin River on which this settlement was planted just over there. You might be able to see a thin white streak. That is sort of the main highway going to Zion National Park. There just happens to be no bridge crossing the Virgin River here, leaving Grafton kind of high and dry, isolated. and preserved. As you can see, you have the church building there. You've got a a big house, two or three scattered along the road into Grafton, another one across the road here from the church. It is not a very big place, but it's not paved. Like I said, no trinkets, no souvenirs, no one's playing any music out here on any speakers. And the really cool part is in addition to the town site being preserved and a lot of this is private land um on the edges here and still being farmed and used, the buildings have been preserved and restored and are free and available to enter. And you can really see these low ceilings here and the rough hune logs and pieces of wood. I mean, these are almost like pieces of firewood right here. Used to build the logs. They kind of stuffed the gaps with mud and adobe, whatever they could find over there. You can see actually cool. Look at that. Can see where the fireplace mantle would have been mounted. There's the old fireplace right there. Just a a dirt fireplace. No old furnishings and things like that. I saw this last time I was here. I was here about a year ago with my dad and my brother. I wonder what this was. Very confusing. A shelf. Was that a chute that went outside? This is old tin. It's an old metal. Not a very big house. Pretty small and pretty humble, but it must have taken a lot of work to build this basically out of nothing in the middle of nowhere back in the day. And of course, you got some of the outbuildings also restored out here. Would to have had your chicken coops and your little barns and stalls for animals. Must have been nifty in a place like this where there's not too much wood available to get barbed wire invented so that you could just kind of use this stick and barb wire method of creating fencing. It's a very humble place. I like this little place. Sometimes I get caught up in my own life and how frustrating things are. Ah, people don't understand. I got to do this and I've got to do this and I deal with this health issues and bills and taxes and whatever else is going on in the world, the news and all the bad events going on. And then I come to places like this and think, man, if you were sick out here, there's no modern medicine. There's no iPhones. There's no air conditioning. There's no penicellin. People that first settled this place um probably came from Salt Lake City, but before that, even from, you know, parts east in the United States, there was, you know, it was difficult to communicate. If you left your father and mother and grandparents and brothers and sisters to come out to a place like this and settle and try to grow cotton out of the desert, I mean, you were really going to be out of contact for a long time, maybe forever. It just puts things in perspective. You know what I mean? Okay, check this out. We're going into the big fancy house here. And I love this. This is obviously the nicest house in town. Just right away you see the finished walls, the high plastered ceiling, the much nicer fireplace over here. This was the Russell House built by one of the first guys to settle in Grafton. This guy right here, Alonszo Haventon Russell, 1821 to 1910. And I believe those are two of his wives. It was just that kind of party back then. Alonzo was the bishop here in Grafton. He obviously built this big nice adobe home. So, he did pretty well for himself considering that he came here and first lived in a tent. Oh, and according to this sign over the fireplace, the log house across the street was actually built for one of his wives, Nancy, which is the one here on the left. I wonder if Nancy was either happy that she got her own space finally over there in that humble dwelling, or she was grumpy like, "What? The other ones get to live in there?" Anyway, pretty cool. You couldn't just call a contractor, right? You had to find someone who could help you get the local community to uh put in their labor. Just figure it out on the fly. No building codes, obviously. No electricity or running water. You could see a stove pipe hole over there. So, they had some probably wood burning stoves. I like seeing these old nails on the wall where obviously things were hung up at one point. And the house is totally free to wander. You have uh QR codes on the walls. Those aren't original. Those weren't here back in the 1860s. Wow. Speaking of original, look at the original adobe bricks and some of the original plastering on the walls. But, uh, there's Venmo codes, so you can contribute to its restoration. This is amazing upstairs cuz it's a little more unfinished, unrestored, and you can kind of see the way it was constructed. I think uh, some more people pulled up into town and are entering the building below us. I can hear their voices. At first, I thought it was ghosts. Sorry, Mr. Russell. Ghosts? No, just tourists. It's a pretty darn impressive residence. That is for sure. And the cool thing is you've got the back door here. As I mentioned, no electricity, no running water back in the day. Although, in fairness, they were very close to the Virgin River. You just had to uh simply go down this path down yonder. But you can actually see how they preserved their food and kept things cool by going down into the cellar. It's a little bit creepy, but only a little. Look at that. Spooky, but cool. You can see the old shelves in there. Like I said, the last resident moved away in 1945. So, can picture somebody out here maybe with their old timey radio, listening to the news. All right, it's over. Fine, safe to leave. Anyway, I've probably lingered a little too long here in Grafton. There are other buildings like the old church here or school or both and you see the bell up there. A lot of times when you come to old towns like this in Utah like the original pioneer settlements, a building built as sort of the first church building would have also ended up being the school when they built a better one or the building they built purposefully as a school would become the church temporarily until they built a better one. This building here is actually closed. Like you can't go inside at the moment. They put a picture of what it looks like on the front door which I appreciate. It's a great little stop if you're heading to Zion National Park. You can type it right into your GPS, G R A F T O N, Grafton, Utah. You can donate there to help pay for some little brochures. Just kind of a neat place to go. I' I'd linger longer and show you more stuff. You can also visit the interiors of these buildings over here. But I did not drive all the way to southern Utah from my home next to Disneyland just to see Grafton today. As I mentioned, I'm on a special mission and it relates to my recently deceased friend Adam the Woo. And it is a mission I must not fail. But we'll reveal the mission in a little while. First, we're going to leave Grafton and head back on the long windy little back road back to the main highway and see a completely different kind of ghost town. Dude, it truly amazes me how it can be not all that hot outside and you come back to the car after 30 minutes and the car is boiling. All right, headed back on the road, back up to the highway. And like I said, one other very different kind of ghost town to stop at. Moving right along. Shy doom. Shy doom. You take it. You know best. Hey, I've never seen the sun come up in the west. Ah, looks like we're passing by the property of an artist. One of those creative types out here. Look at that. Oh, look at that. Ooh. Ooh. Spooky. That's a little bit spooky right there. That piece of art. That's cool. Cut metal gates, little spinny things, some skeletons. Whoa. Risque cowgirl right there. Nice. All right. All right. Let's keep going. Let's keep going. I get distracted, man. I just want to look at everything when I'm traveling, you know. Okay. So, heading back into sort of the main town or back onto the main highway. And the town that Grafton is right next to is called Rockville, which is very appropriately named. And look at this bridge. This little one lane bridge over the Virgin River right here. Oh, that is so cool, dude. Awesome. Finally, a bridge I don't hate. Then anyway, we got to head back towards the little town of Virgin on our way to the town of Hurricane where my hotel is, pick something up, and we'll be on our way and I can tell you about the secret mission that we're on. All right, a short but beautiful drive down Utah 9, which is that main highway I kept referring to later and we've reached the outskirts of the little town of Virgin, which is not a ghost town, but has a ghost town in it. Welcome, my friends, to Fort Zion. It is the wackiest, ziest looking little trading post on the side of the highway. A very cool little roadside attraction I have passed by many times but never stopped at. Well, today is going to be the day because not only do they have all the, you know, Indian jewelry, ice cream, parlor, swords, knives, crystals, rocks, and a petting farm, but they've got the thing that stands out on the side of the highway like a freaking beacon to people like me. Their own little wacky virgin ghost town. Look at that. established 1858 according to that sign along the side of the highway. I'm assuming that applies to the real town, not to this one. How cool looking is that? This looks like straight out of the kind of wacky concept artwork when they were coming up with Disneyland and miniature buildings. It almost looks like something my friend Parker Jacobs, the uh one of the creators of Yo Gaba Gaba would have drawn. And I also see a little available sign in front of it. So maybe these buildings now for sale if you want them. Maybe you could own this place. Oh, dude. If I only won that Powerball, right? Look at this. Got the old mill there, the virgin jail, a little bank, a covered wagon. I'm not sure if you need to pay admission to get over there because I can see the petting zoo is just behind it. So, this may be part of the petting zoo experience. I'll go inside and find out. All right, this is it. The Virgin Trading Post, Fort Zion. Incidentally, I was actually reading about the word Zion very recently. It turns out it's a Hebrew word, but it may be even a borrowed word from the Canaanite language even before them. And linguists, philologists cannot exactly agree on what it means. It means something like fortress or stronghold maybe or bear place or hill. There's all these different interpretations. But of course, in religious shorthand, it's turned into sort of shorthand for the promised land or a stronghold. And it's just very interesting, right? Zion. And of course, the Mormon settlers use that word for their promised land. Got the Virgin River down there, which is how the town got its name. And of course, Fort Zion, just named after the area. I haven't gone inside yet cuz I've just been staring at this. It's just so cool. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, dude. This is like a legit old western trading post. Look at this. Look at the ice cream tasting room. Is absolutely epic. Like an old timey saloon. I particularly like the western movie posters in the booths and the virgin chastity belt on the wall. If you don't know what that is, kids, ask your parents. This place is huge. They got a little bit of everything in here. I love these. Look at that wood carving right there. Well done. D. No modern trading post is complete without Papy and Breaking your own geode. Toys, games, sunglasses, feathers. This place rocks. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. I really like all the cowboy boots hanging from the ceiling. Dude, so many dude. So many swords and knives in here. Look at the size of those blades. But also a toy Tommy gun. Okay, I paid my $2. I am headed out to the petting zoo. $2. That's a heck of a deal. I mean, in this economy, $2, which every time I say $2, all I can think of is better off dead. $2. Look at this. They got the old horse trough right here. The old hand pumped horse trough. Don't appear to be working, but I'll keep pumping. The old covered wagon for a fun pick opportunity. Just like the old Knots Berry Farm covered wagons. I wish they'd bring those back in the park. Look at this. This is incredible. Look, you got the old barn here, which I'm assuming is also the blacksmith's uh place. Here's the backside of the the bank and the jail or some kind of metal thing in there. Check that out in a second. Dude, what a fun one. You got the old lava rock pile and the old meal standing proud along the side of the highway. The hotel virgin, the wild ass saloon ass referring to donkeys of course. Don't get your knickers in a twist. And then my favorite piece of all, Miss Molly's house of negotiable affection. That is probably the best I have ever heard that phrase. I want to try to remember that for future references. >> Hey there, you scumbag. >> What? What do you want? >> Look around you. This town ain't big enough for the both of us. >> Well, it looks plenty big enough to me. >> That ain't the way I see it, partner. >> Well, clean your glasses off. They're all smudgy. >> Oh, hang on. You're right. This town is big enough for the both of us. So that kids is how you avoid violence. Dude, this is so awesome. Not a lot inside of these buildings. They're pretty simple. Simplistic, I would almost say. Minimalistic, bare bones, as you can see. Just bare slats inside. Although there's some some rocks on the floor. But the design is very cool and it's very effective. Pulled me right off the highway. Oh, I'm seeing the backs of some of these buildings. Looks like this was the Undertaker's office. And what do we have out here? What are you? Are you an alpaca? You look like an alpaca. Please don't spit on me. Hello, friend. I really want to pet you. I paid the $2. I don't have any food. Please. I know I have no food, but I just want to pet you. Can I tease you? All right. Maybe there there must be food around here somewhere. There must be a way to lure these animals into being pet. But are you following me? I got this weird feeling that we're being watched. He's still looking, isn't he? Oh my gosh, look at this. Mini horses. I don't know where the food is. To be fair, it did not say that it was a feeding zoo, just a petting zoo. But look at this. Our friend is back. Okay, just let me just What? Don't dodge me. Just let me get you a little Just can I please can I just have a little alpaca pet? A little Okay. He didn't look like he wants to be pet. Doesn't look like he wants to be friends. He looks like he wants some food, but I don't have any food. Oh, there's another one down here. Do you want to be pet? No. Nobody wants to be friends in Utah. But how about the mini horses? Hello, mini horse. I have always wanted to pet a mini horse. Look, the mini horse is letting me pet him. Oh, that's a good horse. That's a good miniature little horse. Hello, sir. Can I pet you as well? Oh, look at the mane. Beautiful. You want a little ear scratch? Look at this mini horse. They're very woolly. You are a very woolly horse. They look like they could uh make a blanket out of you. No, you don't like that. That's a bad joke. Not my best material. I know. Sorry. Oh my gosh. This is a miniature miniature horse. This horse is so miniature. He can't see out of his eyes. His mane is so long. Hey buddy, look at all these mini horses are so friendly. I'm loving this. These are the friendliest horses in Utah. Dude, I have never pet a mini horse before. I always loved them. Always love looking at them. Never got to pet one like this. Oh, there's a shy one. Hi. Oh, okay. Not a bad deal. Two bucks and you pull over, see an epic ghost town and pet a mini horse. I see the goat pen is behind two layers of fencing. I wonder if that's to protect them from coyotes since there are a bunch of little babies in there or to protect us from the goats. If you didn't see my video with Oscar in San Antonio a couple of weeks ago at the snake farm, trust me, it is worth going back and watching just for the goat mayhem. I love this. I love their little shelter up there. They're just chilling on top. And look at those kids. Look at those little babies, dude. They are so tiny. I want to pick them up. Those are the smallest baby goats I have ever seen. I know they're hard to see. They're far away and you're not allowed to actually enter the fence. But look at them next to that that food bowl right there, which is about the size of your average like Halloween candy container you leave by the front door. They're so little. There's two of them down there. These are like little pygmy ghosts. They're very, very small. Pretty cool. A worthwhile stop. Two bucks. And whoa. Bam. You look at the sh of that thing. Speaking of which, I can feel the evil eye behind me. I don't know what kind of sheep or ram those are, but those are some hefty boys right there. Look at the size of them horns. Look at the way he's looking at us. That is a meme right there. That is so scary. If that thing charged at me, I would probably shriek. Baru. Baru. It never works. Babe lied to me. Whoa. Maybe it did work. Let the shrieking begin. Oh. Oh. Whoa. Oh my gosh. He's clacking his horns on the rocks. Oh, they're going to do battle. Maybe not. Maybe they're just playing around. I don't know what's going on. I would be a terrible sports announcer. What are those? I like how they're presenting their horns. It's either me they don't like or they can tell you're watching. I don't know which one of us is to blame. But they look ornate. They've never come close enough to the fence to pet. They keep acting like they're going to fight, but the UFC match never never quite happens. What are those things? The Utah Panthers. All right. Well, time to deal with the secret mission. Time to leave the Okay. Corral. I'd explore the gift shop a little more, but like I said, we are on a mission. So, I've got to head from here back to Hurricane Utah. Not hurricane, hurricane. Trust me, you hur can't pronounce it hurricane without getting scolded by the the town's folk. And I am picking up something special, which I am taking to my good friend Jay Luke Heaton, the owner of Whittlesticks in Cedar City, Utah. Something that belonged to my very good friend Adam the Woo that is now in my possession. I will show you and tell you when we get there. Look at this exit. We thank you. The animals thank you. Not those weird sheep ram things. They were scary. They look like they only wanted to thank me with their horns. Okay, speaking of the ice cream parlor, I just realized I fudged up big time because they had carrots for sale that I didn't notice in there. I could have been feeding them carrots. That's why those sheep look so angry. They're like, "Where's the carrot, bub?" Well, still a good stop and highly educational. Worth it to see the chassity belt alone. All right, we're going to hop into Old Faithful over here and head down, like I said, into the town of Hurricane. I have actually filmed here in the past. I have no idea what the title of the video was the last time I filmed in Hurricane, but the museum down here has got a fruit cake in it that is well over a century old. And no, I'm not talking about me. Plus a big hunk of bacon that's nearly as old as the fruit cake. Kind of now wishing I had more time to go back in there and check up on the old fruit cake. But as I mentioned, I'm on a mission today. Guess I got to grab something really quick from inside of my hotel. And yes, I am staying at a My Place again until I talked to one of my buddies at My Place hotels, the corporate office. Just happened to mention that I was traveling through. I didn't know there was one in Hurricane. This is right next to Zion National Park. It's the best. These are always my favorite hotels. It's like the next best thing to being home. They never asked me to shout them out, but I like doing it cuz it's a lesserk known chain and one of the few products I believe in enough to shout out. All right, let me grab something really quick. I don't want to show you the room cuz it's a big mess. Just grab the object of our mission and a soda from the fridge and we'll get out of here. Say, I like this place cuz they got a stove. They got a fulls size fridge and freezer. They've got a bathtub in there. You don't want to see my unsightly bathtub ring. It's time to get out of here. All right. I now have a very special item in tow. Just got to head up about 45 minutes to Cedar City, Utah. Hey, some of you who knew about my friend Adam may know Adam and I met because Adam was in a band called The New Threat. He was in some other bands, too. And he uh filled in as a touring bass player for Guttermouth for a while. It's probably the most famous band that he ever played with. But I knew Adam from his old TNT days, his band. And of course, for many years, the last several years, Adam would often talk about doing a band again or how we needed to do a band together or me and him and our friend Mike do a band together. He had a lot of different band ideas depending on what day of the week it was. And sometimes I'd be like, "Huh, no, I don't really." or he'd be like, "Oh, no. That's not really going to." So, we kind of put it off and put it off and put it off. And when Adam's sister was asking me if there were, you know, things that I wanted or things I wanted to take back for his other friends from the house or whatever, one of the things I asked about was Adam's old original base that he had gone on tour with Guttermouth with and with me and with the Scard and his band TNT. He had an old Live Fast poor sticker on there. He had a scarred sticker on there. Well, it turns out that was never Adam's base. He was actually borrowing that from his old guitar player, Jeff, who ended up getting it back from a friend Adam had loaned it to and uh is going to put it in the hands of another one of Adam's old longtime friends that I think really really deserves to have it. So, so there went that idea. But when Adam bought his house and everything, I'm not sure in what order all this happened, but around that same time, he was really talking to me about doing a band and doing a band together, doing some kind of music project together, and he had bought a brand new bass that he never used, he never played shows with or anything like that. He fiddled around with it a little bit, but it mostly kind of sat on a stand in his little collector room at his house. and uh because that's how we formed our friendship was through the bands and through the music. That was one of the things I asked about and I would not take but I bought from Adam's sister. Not only was I in the market for just such a base um to use for demos and just different stuff. you know, I record just little demos and things every once in a while for myself, but I just really didn't want to see it like anonymously go to a music shop or end up in the hands of someone who's going to put it on eBay or something. And because with or without him, Adam was always, you know, telling me like, "Oh, you should do music again and blah blah all this stuff." I just really thought, you know, that's probably the one of the important things that I would really like to to buy from you and I would like to take and see used in some way. So, I drove with that base all the way back across the country from Florida and when I got home, I pulled it out of the gig bag it was in and that thing is a mess. Not like dirty like his old base. Oh my gosh, talk about rust and everything else. But it was never properly set up. The neck is really curved really bad. The strings are sitting super high off the fretboard. And I knew there was just one man to call, my friend Luke Hatton from Whittlesticks. So, we are going to restore and properly set up Adam the Woos final base. What I plan on having happen after that, I will share with you after we're at Whittle Sticks. All right. Well, we've made it to Cedar City. And once again, we're back at Whittlesticks. You know what makes me interested in people? Well, I'm interested in all kinds of people, but the kind of people who capture my attention the most, are people who are just so passionate about what they do, which is totally the definition of my friend Luke here, who not only builds musical instruments, violins, cellos, all that kind of stuff, but repairs them. He documents this process quite often in video form on Instagram, on YouTube. He makes something that could seem boring extremely fascinating. And he is the right man for this job. We are entering Whittlesticks. I hear barking. There are more dogs in here than I expected. What's up? There he is. >> How's it going? >> Jayloo Katon, the master violin maker. And boy, the shop has changed. >> Changed a lot. >> Look at that. Oh, dog. You're the man now. Dog. Two dogs. Dogs everywhere. All right. There it is. The made in Mexico Fender Pabase. Now, Adam never took care of his bases. In fact, uh, his guitar player, Jeff, was telling me that he'd go to the recording studio with his bass and the guy be like, "What in the heck? You're not playing that." Like, he'd be all rusty, his his old base, right? Rusty. And he never changed the strings. He did not care about I mean, much like he was with his cameras and everything else. He did not care about gear or technical stuff. He just wanted to do what he wanted to do. And so, in that spirit, he just bought the first base he liked the look of. And I don't think he ever set it up. And we came out of Florida, you were just saying. So, a lot of humidity into dry, cold weather. And you can feel, you can see the action is way off there. >> Yeah. We're sitting twice as high as it should be. >> Twice as high as it should be. The thing is as crooked as a parenthesy, but you can fix it, right, Luke? >> Oh, yeah. >> Luke, you can fix the base. >> That's the straightforward stuff. >> So, how bad is it, though? >> Not that bad. >> On a scale of 1 to 10, >> I see a lot worse come out of Utah. Okay, Adam's base is delivered. And that's not the only thing I'm bringing to Luke. I'm also on a mission for my dad. >> Oh, the neck. >> Yes. >> So, there is his guitar neck >> from before I was born. My dad had a lot of guitars before I was born and then he was going to sell them to help pay for my existence. And the guy that was taking them to to go sell them for him lost them all. They were all stolen. And so this is one of a very few prejust guitars that he's had an Ibanz Iceman that he took apart. >> That is a head >> to customize it. Yeah. Look at that thing. Look at the sh of that thing right there. And so this thing needs a trust rod repair and we heard you're the man for the job. >> I heard that from me. >> I can do it. >> I was just telling Luke like I don't know how long this is going to take. So this can stay here for a while if it needs to be. He's like I'll tell you in 3 seconds. It's already been 3 seconds, Luke. You lied to me. >> I know. I know. >> Okay. So, you've just bottomed out. So, the the the truss rod is just a metal. It's a It's a round piece of rod that's in the neck. >> Uhhuh. >> And it has threads on one end. And as you tighten the nut, which is what this piece is, >> it basically it wants to force the neck into a backbone. Okay. >> So, bends the neck. >> Bends the neck. Yeah. >> You're just out of threads. >> Oh, okay. >> So, I put just a little thin spacer between the nut and this. And that gives you more threads to push against. >> Oh, so it's an easy repair. >> It's a very easy repair. >> Oh, good news for the old relic. >> And then cuz that's I'm guessing when this is up to string tension, it's really bowed forward. >> I I couldn't say. Look at this. Here's a giant base >> Luke is fixing. So he's doing a bunch of videos. Somebody dropped it. Big old honking crack right there. So you're fixing that crack. Fixing the whole thing. >> Yeah. So it was open. So the crack the crack >> Wait, it was open like it broke apart. >> Yes, it was open from there to there all along the side. These two were separate wings that had broken loose. >> Um and then so I had to I got those off of the rib structure and this is a Hey, >> Maverick is upset. He wants to talk on camera. >> Um >> so the the long story short is you're fixing it. >> I am fixing it. It's >> Are you're doing videos of it? >> Yes. This one This one I will post on Facebook and Instagram on this one cuz I'm doing the the vertical. >> Oh, yeah. Okay. >> Vertical. So, it'll be on It'll be several short reels. >> Yes. >> And then this one will be on YouTube. Um but yeah, that's a that one. So, right now I'm into where I got to start the touchup, fill in all these little missing chips and make it look like it didn't happen. >> That's so cool. It's awesome that Luke can fix messes cuz I was just telling him I can only make them. Luke is helping some customers really quick. This is my favorite thing. The sacrifices to the guitar gods. Little bits and pieces of things that were beyond repair. We're going to get to Adam Space in just a second. I know Cedar City, Utah is probably out of the way for most of you. It's a very small town, but if you ever need a guitar repaired, Luke is the guy. Or you want a custom instrument built from scratch, he's also your guy. And that's guitars, violins, acoustic guitars, electric guitars, violins, basses, cellos, you name it, Luke can make it. Turns out my dad's neck does need a new part. So, it's going to stay here hanging on the shelf for a while. But Adam's base is going to get the full shebang. Look at this. Adam so barely used this base. There's still plastic over the jack and stuck under the knobs. I mean, he still plugged it into his little amp that he had in his room there, but that's about it. Never played a show with this bad boy, but maybe maybe this bad boy will see some use because what I was thinking is that this is a treasure too good to be kept to myself. Adam had a lot of friends who were musicians. So my intention at least is have it fixed up and that way if any of Adam's friends want to use it on their recordings or something like that hopefully, you know what they say, the road to hell is paved with good intentions. But hopefully I think that might be something kind of cool just to loan it out to different friends of his or other musicians who want to do a project or want to record with Adam's base. All right, this is happening. Yes, >> Luke, you have got the base in the saddle. >> Yep. >> Are you going to film this process? Yes. Awesome. Okay, >> I'm going to film it and not necessarily just I'm just going to post it on how to do a base setup. >> Give me the 30 seconds on what you're going to do. >> Okay. So, that's Let's >> You just give me the 30 second version real quick and that way we don't have to drag it out for the audience on this channel and they can go watch it on Wittle Stick. So, basically what we've got going on, um, this is just a very standard base setup minus the truss rod. That's why this action seems so high. So, probably when you brought it from Florida, the neck has dried out a little bit and it has come forward. >> So, it exacerbated it. Yeah. >> So, this is this basically like if you sight down, this looks like a skateboard ramp. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> It's very curved like this. Yeah. And it shouldn't be. We should have a slight relief. It's about we should have about 6,000 of relief in it. Um, right now you're probably sitting almost like an eighth of an inch. So, it's it's like this much and we want to be about that much. >> Okay, good. Because the math version was not I didn't understand that at all, but I understand this much and this much that that I can wrap my head around. >> So, the other thing we're going to do is we're going to drop the nut slots. So, I'm going to go in and file these down so it's a better height here at the first fret. >> Right. >> Going to readjust the saddles here for height. also for the action. So, the radius of this, the curvature, so the strings match better to the board. And then we're going to adjust the intonation. So, we're going to move these saddles forward and back so it's actually in tune when you play it. >> Awesome. >> Because right now, it is a little sharp. Um, but that's part of that's because the action's so high. So, >> and this is the reason everybody that when you get a guitar, just a little pro tip for those of you out there who either play music on a very, you know, scanty level or even a professional level or you're thinking about buying an instrument for your kids, this is the reason you always take a musical instrument to a luier or a professional to set it up because you can make a, you know, $600 bass play like a, you know, like a $2,000 bass out of the shop if you actually take it to the right person. >> Yeah, we're going to do we're going to end up doing a little bit of fret work down here, but very, very little. It actually the frets look really good on this. There's just a little corrosion and rust. So, I'm just going to polish those out. And that's about it for that. So, other than that, we're going to take and clean the little plastic bits that were left that were that were left uncleaned off. That's classic Adam right there. You would not have cared like it doesn't matter. >> Right. Right. And and and I will say 95% of the guitars out there still have this stuff hanging out there. >> But if we're going to make it look nice, we're going to clean it up and and just make it look presentable. >> And we're going to make it functional. >> Very functionable. This this will play like a professional instrument. >> Okay. So, where can people watch the video of you doing this one step >> on the channel? It's uh it's under Whittlesticks or Jayl Katon at Whittlesticks. Um it's there on YouTube. I also have a Facebook and Instagram. Same name. Just, you know, Google Whittle Sticks. You'll find me. The first There's no one else with the name. >> There's no other Whittle Sticks. Look for Whittle Sticks if you want to see the nitty-gritty. >> Yeah. We're going to go through and just show this. Luckily, like I said, the fret work is actually pretty decent. So, um, a lot of fenders come with loose frets and stuff like that. This doesn't have any of that. So, we're we're in good shape. >> Awesome. >> So, I just went through and checked everything and I'll I'll do it when I do the video. We'll we'll do the full dive on what I look at. >> And even though I know you would love to donate your time as a tribute to Adam, I'm not going to let you. I'm paying you full price >> and we've got this on camera now. You can't escape me. >> We'll see. >> We will be paying you full price. >> All right. So Luke had to run outside for a second, but he has been or he has started making this space fully armed and operational. Yeah, I don't know how the practicalities of that are going to work other than just to get the word out there that I've got Adam space and that hopefully, you know, some of his friends that are musicians, if they want to use it, we able to contact me and use it on recordings or whatever. I'm thinking probably mostly recordings. It'd be cool if it at least got out there on a few, right? I mean, not that it's a special base in terms of it's not an expensive bass. It's not a rare bass, but it was Adams. I know that he had wanted to use it eventually somehow, you know, in some kind of project. Like I said, he always wanted to start a band with me and Micah and call it the Eiseners. That was a one of the many ideas he had. I mainly wanted to get it all set up and fixed up hopefully before his memorial and come and put it on the stage at least and and that kind of thing. So, it's a little bit of a weird side quest. But also, speaking of the memorial, we've been having problems with, I don't think we're going to be able to put screens outside the venue. Uh, and we're supposed to discourage people from showing up to the park if they didn't get a ticket and stuff just because the ticket demand was so crazy. So, there will be no standby line or anything like that. It's been a lot of stress. Uh-oh, THE DOGS ARE BACK. YES, WHO LET THE DOGS IN? SO, ANYWAYS, I mainly just needed to get out of the house for a little while. I actually filmed an entire video yesterday. Like I was just telling Luke off camera, that did not work out so well. The footage completely unusable. About 12 hours of work completely down the drain. I'm sure that's happened to you with uh instrument repairs and videos in the past. >> Trash so bad. You get you get partway through or you get in the edit and you're like, "Oh, that's all unusable. You see in the back of my bald spot. Let's cut that. So anyway, I'm a little tired. I'm still adjusting to my Darth Vader CPAP machine. A lot of other stuff going on. We can talk about that another time. The point is I managed to do it. We got Adam's base from Florida all the way to California now all the way up to Utah. And it is being uh finally properly set up. Probably should have been set up from the get-go, but I don't think Adam really he was not one to be finicky about equipment like I was saying. So, classic Adam Deoo there. But we're going to set it up and uh yeah, we'll see. We'll see what it gets used on in the coming days, weeks, months, and years. What's going on out there? What is it, BOY? IS TIMMY IN THE WELL? I've never I'VE NEVER OWNED A DOG. I DON'T KNOW WHAT'S HAPPENING. WHAT'S HAPPENING, FELLAS? >> I DON'T SPEAK DOG. BACK, YOU KNOW, I DON'T SPEAK SPANISH. I don't know what they saw. I think it was a ghost, Luke. >> Could be. It was a ghost is trying to warn us. Don't meddle with the bass. That's why the dogs were barking. Luke has this 1800's guitar in here. And the original owner of that is almost certainly dead by now cuz that guitar's from what? 1862. >> 18 1860 to 1867 is as close as we can get it. >> So they could have had that brand new in grafting. And look at that. We circled the whole video around from the beginning to the end. I've done it people. I completed this. Do you like that? Call back, Luke. >> I just said that to Luke and then right off camera you just said what? >> I have ancestors in that graveyard. Like that is I that's where my a lot of my family was from. They they founded >> um Springdale, which is just up the road, Springdale, Rockville, and then they were they went down into Grafton. So that is that is the land of my ancestor. >> So if you could go back in time, get a time machine, and have them, you know, buy up Zion, >> they own Zion, >> you would be rich. >> They owned Zion. >> Did they really? Yeah, they owned Yeah. >> They should have never let it go. >> They didn't have a choice. The government forced them to buy it. >> So now you're sitting here repairing guitars instead of being the king of Zion over there. >> They actually owned East Zion. So it was on the It was on the upper part of Zion. >> No, nobody cares about that part. >> Right. It was the >> I'm just kidding. I actually like that part. >> Yeah. So it was it was the the east side that we were My grandmother was born in what was now Zion National Park. >> WHAT THE HECK, DUDE? Come to Whittlesticks for guitar repairs, guitar sales. Get yourself some guitar strings, a custom violin, and ghosts, dogs, and stories about Utah pioneer history. >> Yep. We were I have family, all kinds. >> Anyway, okay, we're going to let Luke keep on recording. He's going to keep working on the Adam the Woo base, and I'm going to catch up with you guys in the next video. I don't know what that next video is going to be. I have no idea where it's going to take us between here and getting back home to Southern California, but somewhere if I don't lose all the footage again. That's going to do it for now. I have all the normal stuff. I got the merch, I got the hot sauce, I got the Patreon, I got all the things, but you can find those at randomland.com real easy or down below in the description. I don't feel like going through them all. I got base stuff to talk about with my good friend Jay Luke Heaton of Whistle Sticks Cedar City, Utah. Expert Repair. Go home and sleep well. All right, you stuck around to the end and so you get to see the payoff. Not that it looks any different probably on camera other than it's a little shinier. Look at that shiny shiny fretboard. Nice and polished. >> But now a heck of >> a lot. >> Yeah, the action is good. You can actually play the instrument. >> And it actually plays in tune. >> It plays in tune. >> And so now it's up to uh >> it's up to tune. >> It's up to par, right, for studio use. And >> you could definitely use this in a studio. So now hopefully some of Adam's friends will be able to uh use this on recordings or whatever. That's the goal. We'll see if it happens. All right. Thanks, Luke. Go home. >> Sleep well. >> Listen, before I take off really quick, I know I could have taken that bass into any guitar repair shop, a guitar center, or wherever. But genuinely, Luke, super nice guy. He's seen Adam's videos. He's done a lot for me. And genuinely, not only is he good at what he does, he's super passionate about what he does, as you'll see if you watch any of his videos. Great guy. And if the whole experience, my part of the experience of losing one of my best friends of all time has meant anything to me in terms of like a lesson, it's to uh do what you can to find time to see the people and appreciate the people in your life and support the people in your life that do this kind of work. And I just thought, you know, he'll appreciate what we're doing here. Plus, it got me out of the house. So, thanks for watching. Uh, I know there's like 15 endings of this video. That's because we were hanging out and catching up and talking and everything. And, uh, I really appreciate you all one more time. Go home or sleep well. Oh, and one more thing. I know it's hurricane, not hurricane, but I'm overemphasizing it because it's not hurricane, which is what it should be, but the Utah accent thing going. Just wanted to get that out there just in case someone was gonna was gonna comment about about about that. I hope that answers all your Is that it? I think that's it. All right. See you. >> I think it was a ghost. Luke >> could be. >> It was a ghost. It's trying to warn us. Don't meddle with the base. >> This was So, I have a I had a ghost story in my very first shop, but not in this shop yet. So, >> what? >> Yeah. >> Okay. You're gonna have to make a video about that on the Wittlesticks channel. >> I don't know. It doesn't really fit there. But yeah, my my first shop was it was actually in a building that was made in the 1800s and I was up there alone one morning working away and it was all, you know, pinewood floors, the whole thing. And so anybody walked in there, you'd hear it, you know, heel toe, heel toe, click clock, but you know, your normal footstep sound, >> like iconic movie >> footstep. And I'm in there by myself working away and I hear like sounds like someone kind of going up the steps a little bit because it was on the second story just stairs. Um and then there was this big long hallway before he got to my shop and sitting there working away and you could hear someone walking down the hallway. Each footstep you hear it clearly audible. And I kept on waiting for him to pop up and say hi because there wasn't any other lights on or any other open rooms in that hallway. got to that, you know, got to where I thought they should be. Turned around, no one's there. Footsteps had stopped and I was like, I wonder who's up here. So, I walked out there. Not a soul out there. Not anybody. And I was like, I'm going to the gas station or something for a while. Like, I'm out of here for a bit. First shop I was in was the very first commercial building in Cedar City. >> Really? >> Yeah. ZCMI. >> ZCMI. >> Zion Corporate Merkantail. >> Oh, okay. Okay. I think I've seen that building. >> Yeah. That's weird. >> Yeah. So, it was it was that was my one and only like ghost story. >> Maybe it was Brigham Young. >> There you go.
