---
video_id: P4ae8i4Wc4M
channel: JustinScarred
title: "Gettysburg is hiding the weirdest attraction ever!"
published: 2026-04-10
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4ae8i4Wc4M
---
Well, good afternoon from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, where the Gettysburg Film Festival continues at the biggest freaking high school I have ever seen. Yesterday, we saw a talk with Ken Burns. We're going to see another one out here today, which will probably be our final panel of the weekend, which has been really fun and kind of counterintuitive, right? Gettysburg Civil War. And yet the theme of this weekend has not been 1863, the Battle of Gettysburg, but 1776, both in honor of the 250th birthday of America, and because the headliner, Ken Burns, obviously just finished his series about the American Revolution. Right outside the high school and the big auditorium where most of the panels and screenings are going down. The living history camp full of soldiers from the American Revolution is still very much alive and well for the last day of the film festival. I didn't notice this yesterday. The American Battlefield Trust has got a whole pile of uh Revolutionary coats and hats. People are dressing up and getting fun picks out here. As I mentioned yesterday, we don't get a lot of Revolutionary War reenactors in Southern California where I'm from. This has been a very fascinating learning experience for me. And the thing I've been most impressed by is just the uh variety of different uniforms. Look at this. Look at the diversity of shoes. Are these considered slippers or moccasins? >> So, okay. So, this is something you'd have to to make to replace your leather shoes once the toe was busted out like yesterday. Okay. Look at this. These guys are giving >> the crowd here all this information about the equipment. It's the accutra. I love that word of all the soldiers. And yes, I always think of Winnebago, man. Look at those musketss right there. Dude, I love seeing these guys out here. There's something so awesome about it. It's like I can't turn away. Look at this. It's fun for the whole family. All these guys and gals look fantastic, but there's no gains in it. The stars of the show have been the mounted troops, or actually, more accurately, their mounts, the horses. Now, when I walked up yesterday, just because I'd seen the Patriot and I saw this little fuzz, this little fringe, little bear skin on top of the helmets, and I wasn't used to the green, I thought maybe these guys were British, but it's Moland's light draons, right? So, it's it's an American unit. Okay, see, I never saw the green before yesterday, so I got confused. Plus, I saw the Patriot, so the fuzzy hat confused me. >> Talton wore a helmet just like this, >> and it's bare skin. >> It's it's it's bare and it's rolled and stuffed. >> Wow. Oh, >> and the whole idea is to deflect a saber. >> Oh, okay. >> Take a saber blow and cushion and deflect and deflect. >> Really? So, it's practical. Yes. >> Oh my gosh. Okay, that's amazing. Yeah. Not a lot of bears, I guess, get pierced by sabers. So, >> it's not you don't pierce, >> right? You you whack. >> If you think about it, if I'm moving forward on with a horse >> Yeah. >> and I decide to take my saber and pierce something, where's all that force going to go? >> Yeah. >> Go right up my arm. >> Yeah. And then you're going off your horse. >> Yeah. I never thought about that. So you want to slash curved for slashing. >> Yeah. >> So you're using the edge blade and you're going to slash with it. >> I love that. Stabbing here. >> Okay. Okay. >> Stab somebody on a horse and you're moving. >> The momentum is going to take you off the horse. >> Okay. See, I'm learning. I like that. So tempted to complain about it being pretty warm out here already at noon, but it was freezing the other day. And I told Ally here to smack me if I complained about being too hot. Okay. If you were wearing red in the Continental Army, weren't you afraid someone would think you were British? >> Well, it's not the exact same color, right? Okay. The cut of the coat's different. Okay. Is they don't have the facings. Like a British coat would have had a different color facing facings. This is really a militia uniform. >> So, they would be able to tell the difference. >> They'd tell the difference. I would have been, you know, militia called up every few weeks, every month or so. Work, fight locally. I could be a merchant like a book seller or something like that. Was this a specific militious uniform or was it just sort of everybody's got what they >> a civilian coat? Okay. So >> So everyone throws on what they've got. >> I have two civilian coats. I have this as a long coat. This is more of a New England style coat cuz it's long. You see how long goes in the back? >> Yeah. Yeah. >> And it's all one color. So the cuffs, the collars, all the same colors. This tells you it's New England style cut and the facings and stuff. I have a Mid-Atlantic one as well that's green but has a brown collar and brown cuffs because they use different color. >> Okay. Just depending where you were from. Yeah. It's shorter too cuz it's not as cold middle. So they have a shorter coat. >> We just think of the paintings and we think of like blue guys versus red guys and then you don't real I mean hardly anyone's wearing blue out here. Everyone's a mly >> mix early war. We're like 75 77 here. So at the beginning >> I didn't get standardized until 70 77 until the French helped us fishing over a lot of wool for us. >> We didn't have the resource. They couldn't do it internally here. We didn't have enough sheep. We didn't have enough spinners and stuff like that. So we had to take whatever we got left over. So that's so cool. That's how it work. >> Well, I love that. I'm learning just by you wearing that today. I'm learning something. >> About 70 g of powder in here. >> Oh my gosh. >> Normally you'd have a ball on top of it, you know. So when you tear it off, you'd have the ball. So you bite off the paper, stuff it down the musket. I'm assuming that's a musket. >> This is a British musket here. >> Okay. >> See a 1762 round vest. So this was standard musket used during the French Indian war as as well as the revolutionary war. >> Okay. So these they would have had access to these over here. >> This could have been left over from French Indian war. They could have stole it from a British unit. >> So they could have brought it home after the war, French war and just use it, you know, for shooting turkeys and deer and stuff like that. That's awesome. So, where do you actually load it in? >> So, what you would do is you pull here. You bite off the top of the cartridge here. >> You have to have at least a tooth on top and bottom to get the good bite here. A >> lot of guys had bad teeth back then, so you had to >> had at least two or three. >> That's two or three, right? Then you you find the pan here. Okay. So, that's the pan. It's a little touch holding. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> Okay. And you close it up. >> You cast because cast about. You dump the rest of the powder down the barrel here. Okay. And then the ball on top of it. Then you use a rammer. You pull the rammer out. Okay. Pull the rammer out >> and you jam everything down. >> Oh my gosh. How do people not poke each other's eyes out standing next to each other like that? >> They could do all these motions. The load and fire three times in a minute back then. >> Well, I imagine this gets really hot too when you're firing. So >> after you fire like six or seven rounds, this comes boiling hot. You can only hold it by the wood. >> Oh my gosh. We're shooting, you know, in the woods or running around. You have to hold it only by the stock because you'll burn your hands. It's really really hot cuz it's it's flames from here to the end. >> Yeah, that's crazy. So those guys probably burning their fingers, you know. Oh my gosh. Okay, so after you said 1777 >> little little support from the French and then we got the uh >> the dapper uniforms over there. Although that looks a little that looks even warmer. >> Oh, it's warm for sure. This is this what you see is the ideal uniform. >> How much water could you even carry with you? Just those cantens I saw on the blanket kind of thing. >> Can >> and you just hope that you have Well, I mean there's a lot of water on the East Coast. At least you weren't in New Mexico or something. But yeah, that's that's >> wouldn't be wearing wool if we were out there. >> And it's so this is wool. >> Yes. >> So you're you be sweating pretty profusely marching around in that. >> This is thicker wool than you could buy at any fabric store now as well. So to injure it is some of the thickest wool like 5 to 10 minutes. >> Oh, you're being called to duty. All right. Well, thank you. I appreciate it. You guys look amazing. All right, the men are called away to duty to do some shooting out here. A little firing demonstration. I don't know where we're supposed to stand for safety purposes, but look at these men. Look how good they look. These are some dapper gents right here. They're forming up the ranks. More men are joining the line. I love that they have some kids over there with their wooden guns participating. Allie just took like so many big steps back like I don't know about this. Oh yeah, the line is getting longer. How's that guy going to do a firing demonstration? He doesn't even have a rifle or a musket. He's got a pike. >> He's carrying a pike. >> Oh, >> not one. Man, you guys are letting the kids do the dirty work. >> I would join, >> but I don't even have a pike. Look at this. We got the news out here. >> Headline story. >> The revolution has begun. >> Watching right now. They are now sorting themselves by height. >> Sizing and forming a company of infantry in two ranks. >> Dude, they did that so quickly. >> They sorted themselves out by height >> so fast. >> Now I'm going to count you out >> as odds or even. >> Dude, these guys are made of tough stuff. I'm not wearing any wool and even I am sweating. And no, this is not a leather jacket. Everybody always thinks that. It's a very light denim jacket just to keep the sun off. But enough about me. Okay, he split them into even and odds. the odd soldiers stepped forward. These are all the odd guys in the army. They're basically demonstrating all the right face, left face, about face, >> how they form up the ranks, all this different stuff and drilling and drilling. I know most of these people are sitting here thinking, "Come on, just shoot the guns." Which is why all those guys joined up, right? I'll join up and I'll get to shoot a gun. And then what do they end up doing? Drilling. Drilling. Drilling. So in that way, it's pretty realistic. This is awesome, dude. This is so freaking fun. We need some of these guys in California. We could hang out at Knott Berry Farm. It's pretty cool watching this. It's just like what they did at Valley Forge, except much less cold. All right, they've come down to where they're not going to shoot anybody's eye out down on the field so they could be shooting out this way away from the crowd. There they go. Marching away. We'll see if they turn towards us. Oh no, they're still pointing away. I missed the first round. Take ready. >> Oh, here they go. >> Take a fire. >> Here they go again. >> Dude, this is awesome, dude. I wouldn't want to be British at the Gettysburg High School today. You'd be taking your life in your own hands, >> dude. >> Make ready. Freeze. >> Oh, here they come. They're wheeling about, >> literally. >> Oh, no. >> I don't want to be in the line of fire. Get out of the way. >> All right. Ooh, >> I don't like that. I don't know what I'd rather get. A bullet or a bayonet, but probably a bullet. They're getting a round of applause. I think this demonstration might be over now. Dude, that was awesome. I love this. Just look at this soldier being interviewed. And the general is supervising. Better not slip up. All right, they are almost done out here. And so am I. Time to go see Ken Burns one last time. Well, one last time for us. And then because I have forced Ally to participate in so much history and stand out in the sun so much. I owe her some time in the shops of Gettysburg. Particularly the ice cream. This is awesome, man. And just like cosplayers make conventions, the living history reenactors definitely make these history events and anniversaries. And now as they prepare to strike their tents, I'm striking mine from the battlefield out here cuz my arms are getting Ken burned. Dude, what a fun one. Great start to the day. Look at this. They're literally bringing people here to see Ken Burns by the bus load. Dude, they're genius here. They got little snacks. They got the popcorn. There are books for sale out here. They've been doing book signings out here this weekend. Look at this. The book signing by Annette Gordon Reed. I think we're going to actually see her out here today. I hope. And this blew my mind yesterday. The size of this auditorium. See, just look at this. What the heck? Gettysburg invaded again. This is going to be Sam W and Ken Burns. So packed house. Running down to our little media seats over here. Oh, reserved. I like that. >> All right, one more history presentation and then we are off to town to get Ally some ice cream >> so that I can remain alive, remain among the living. >> All right, there he is again. Ken Burns going to show us some clips and then give us a little presentation. People really love freaking Ken Burns. >> I normally would be screening a lot of clip reels uh uh you know clips from various films. In this case, we're looking to have a conversation, as Jake said, between uh Thomas Jefferson and >> that was a brilliant and interesting conversation between Lincoln and Jefferson, some very eminent historians and Sam Wat said an actor up here. But it was actually it's really good, amazing. been sort of the crazy theme of the weekend for me, bouncing back and forth between the era of the founding fathers in the Revolution and then back up to Lincoln and the Civil War. And so for them to actually explore some of those ideas on stage like that in detail was very very very cool. Also very cool of Ally to be patient while we were outside burning up in the living history camp and cooling down with a little indoor history >> cuz finally at long last we get to roll in to the town of Gettysburg and do something she wants to do. First a little coffee then a little ice cream if we can ever get out of here. That is a little chaos at the end of every lecture. Awesome. All right, we made it through the quote unquote traffic jam through town. Took about 20 minutes. took a load off in the hotel for a little bit and now we're released on a beautiful warm, very warm spring Saturday afternoon in Gettysburg. That's actually the place Ally wants to go over there. Mr. G's get some ice cream in a little bit. But first, coffee. So, we're going to hook a left here and head up to Steinware Avenue cuz there's a coffee shop up there we've never tried. This will make three out of the four coffee shops that I know of. So, that's pretty good. We're working our way through. I always wish I still knew some kids that went to Brookhurst Junior High School with me and came on my first trip to Gettysburg because I never know where we stayed. I think it was up there at what's now called the 1863 in of Gettysburg. I think it used to be a holiday in or something like that. I know we stayed in a big hotel with an interior hallway and we went to a buffet at some place. I can't remember. We bought swords from some gift shop. I can't remember. Oh, Alli's checking out the town water supply over here. First municipal water supply was here during the battle. Highly contested spot. I love looking in here because of all the very real bullfrogs that somehow get down there and just live their whole lives. At least they got a lily pad. They got one little lily pad down there. That's Jeremiah down there. He was a good friend of mine. Luckily, I don't think this is the town's water supply anymore. Anyway, all right. Taking a right on Steinwear Avenue. This is Steinwear. You got 400 little crystal shops. Even this is called Celestial Sweets. They got a little Annabelle up in the window. Winner dry goods with some freaky numerology on the sign and a little Cthulhu t-shirt. They got the crystal wand over here. Crystals and stones divination tools. What's up with all the witchcraft out here? Oh, and then Jenny Sweet Treats. We came in here last summer, which is located right next to the metaphysical shop. A lot of people died here, so apparently some folks think there's a lot of people to communicate with. Look, it's never ending. We got some more stuff down here. The haunted Gettysburg tours with the demonic eyes of Charles Manson. What a very fun pick out on the front porch. And then right past the Civil War store, Gettysburg Ghost Tours. So many different ghost tours you can take, but they're all of the town. You cannot take ghost tours out on the battlefield where all the people actually died because it is illegal. You need a licensed battlefield guide. And obviously the battlefield is closed after sunset. Oh yeah, I forgot about that. The Gettysburg Museum of Haunted Objects out there. I'm not saying ghosts aren't real. I don't know much about the afterlife. I've never been there. But if I was a ghost in Gettysburg, I'd get the heck out of town so people would stop bothering me. Look at this. We have all these blossoming trees in town. I don't know how well you can see that on camera. But a slight breeze has picked up today. We have a lot of blossoms falling out here just in front of the hotel. It's gorgeous. Okay, coffee. Right across the street from the Dobbin House, which I showed you yesterday, built in 1776 and where Ally got some paparazzi footage of Ken Burns walking out the door when we were walking up yesterday after the last video ended. Is this the Banttom Coffee Roasters? I've never tried this place before. Oh my gosh, I thought that was a closed sign for today. It's closed for tomorrow on Easter. Happy Easter, by the way, for all of you who celebrate Western Easter. You're seeing this video on a little delay, so it might be Easter today while you're watching this. for all I know. Ooh, this place is actually really nice inside. I like this nice air conditioning. They roast their own coffee in here. I'm trying to pull off a white chocolate and vanilla latte. A combination I've never tried. We'll see if I regret this. I just like that they roast their own coffee here. That is awesome. Mission accomplished. Although they spelled your name with an I. >> Mhm. >> You're all I. Let's go outside. All eye. To be fair, your name is spelled with a Y, which is non-conventional, and no one ever gets it right. I always see nice people even leaving you little comments where they spell your name wrong on your profile right under where your name is. Nobody gets it. A L L Y. I always remember it like, "Ah, Ally, she's my ally." And then I got it. Oh, yeah. Look at them wheels. You think the Reverend Alexander Dobin would have liked having wheels like that? Whoa. Bus. This is interesting. Right next door, the Victorian photography studio building is condemned. There's a sign on the door saying it's condemned and uh no occupancy is allowed. But what I thought was interesting is there's a boarded up window up there with a stencil on it. It says 1800 board up. So there's a service for that out here. I never thought of something like that before. Call me at 1800 board up. I will board up all your condemned houses. Oh, what's up with all the sick wheels coming through town today? I do like this. This is all right. Not sure if it was my idea to mix the flavors that made it good or they're just really good at what they do, but it's good. And conveniently located right near the cemetery and just a short walk away from Mr. G's. We figured we'd have just enough time to down these drinks before we get there. And Ally gets in line to get her ice cream. Yes, there's a line. There's always a line for Mr. G's. Shirtless man. I like this part just at the south edge of town where Steinware meets the Baltimore Pike because it's sort of the last vestage of the really hokey, you know, a couple generations ago touristy part of Gettysburg. The ghost tour shops, the crystals, a Jenny Wade house. Now there's an old school museum for you. Jenny Wade, the civilian girl killed during the battle while she was baking dough or baking bread rather for the soldiers. It's sort of the fun for everyone part of town over here. Miniature Salem, Massachusetts, right on the edge of the battlefield. Actually, when we're done with the ice cream, we might go uh make a couple of stops up the street here towards the battlefield. There's one very odd thing up that way that I'm hoping is still open. Hoping, hoping, hoping. Just talking to somebody this morning about someone who grew up here about how one of the things we really like about Gettysburg is the architecture. She's like, "What architecture?" Cuz she's so used to it. The homes and buildings in Pennsylvania towns are a lot different than what we typically see in suburban Southern California where we live. Yes, sir. The buildings look awfully different. There's the historic Farnsworth House. That was here during the battle. Some people think the shot that killed Jenny Wade might have come out of the upstairs of the Farnsworth House up the street to where the Jenny Wade house is up on the left. It wasn't her house. I don't think she was just in the house when she was shot. So now it's forever the Jenny Wade house. There's the Farnsworth House. fine dining and then across the street, Mr. Freaking Gez. And look at the size of that line. That's probably why they call it Mr. G's. Like, oh jeez, look at the line. Alli said it's worth it, though. She waited in that uh line, a line at least that long. Last time we were here to get that ice cream, she's like, oh, it's so good. She's back. She's back. And I know she really wants that ice cream cuz there's a whole bunch of wasps flying around. If she's willing to stand outside when there's wasps, yes, she's into it. Mr. G's at the Twin Sycamore Circa 1819. So, another old building. Look at that. You had a front porch view of the battle. Battlefield's off that way. You could sit on your front porch and watch the bullets fly by your head. Oh, and Kitty Corner over there. There's an apartment for rent. A one-bedroom apartment. I would love to stay in a furnished apartment in Gettysburg for for one month. A whole month of nothing but Gettysburg. I'm sure the people who watch the videos would get sick of it, but I never would. Look at this. as the motorcycles fade away into the background. This is a witness tree. This tree was actually here during the battle. Look at the sh of those limbs up there. This tree did not skip leg day. I was going to say cuz a leg is a limb, but it's actually kind of more like an arm. So, just forget I ever said anything cuz that's really stupid. But yeah, look at this. This sycamore is a living witness to the battle of Gettysburg. Abraham Lincoln passed by this tree on the way to give the Gettysburg address, which is true. He marched from uh downtown in the diamond. They processed along this street down here, Baltimore Street, up to the grounds of the National Cemetery. They were dedicating that day in November 1863. November 19th, 1863, I think, if I remember correctly, the day he gave the Gettysburg address. Right behind the uh witness tree, look at this. They got the ring on the string game. So, you take this ring, you stand back, and then you try to fling the ring on the thing right there. The ring that's on the string. There's a bee buzzing around my head. Ally would be screaming right now. Bees like to circle me to check out all the muppets. Bees are into muppets. Well, well, well. What have we here? Oh, look at that. >> You're welcome. Have a good evening. >> Ally got the s'mores. What was the other one you got last time? >> Uh, ghost tracks. >> Ghost tracks. They didn't have it, but she got the s'mores. Look at that. That is one big hunk of ice cream. >> I only ordered one scoop. >> It's bigger than your head. That's a doubleiz scoop. Well, that was really sweet. We uh walked away from Mr. G's. Then we ran into a whole family that knew Random Land and they knew my friend Adam and then uh a mom and a daughter right after that. So, we're meeting people from Gettysburg now uh who uh who know the show, which is really weird. I didn't think anybody out here knew. Never know who's watching. Are you watching? Here's some of the houses. They do ghost tours in and around, including the Brick House Inn. Over here, they've got their own ghost tours. Oh, look at that. What the heck is going on with all the classic cars, even though the sun is up, the ghost tour time is about to start. You're about to start to see groups up and down Baltimore Street and Steinwware Avenue filling up the town cemetery. I don't think they allow ghost tours in the National Cemetery, although they do get to walk by the gates and all that stuff. It's just weird. Look at this. 10 minutes ago, this street was packed from stem to stern with tourists and all of a sudden there'll be a lull and there will be no one. It's a literal ghost town until the peak of the ghost tour time starts or another tour bus lets out and then all of a sudden it'll be packed again. Comes in waves out here. Weird. >> All right, we're just walking up the hill past the Jenny Wade house. There she is out in front with her dough. Little Jenny Wade statue action in front of the water tower which hopefully has a lot less bullfrogs in it than the old water supply. We've never been in here. Rita's Ice Custard Happiness or the Gettysburg Cigar Company next door. In fact, now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever actually been in the Jenny Wade house. I've seen lots of videos. I've seen lots of lectures by Tim Smith. He loves Jenny Wade. But there's a lot of like basic stuff here in Gettysburg I've never had time to do. I got to make that a top priority next time. Didn't get into the Gettysburg Museum of History this time. There's a whole bunch of stuff like that. And one of the weirdest is right up here up the hill. I don't know if it's camera friendly. I don't even know if it's open, but uh we'll see what we can see. It's right up here past Gettys Gear, which I was hoping would be open, but a lot of places are closing up early for the day, not just because of the film festival, but because Easter is tomorrow. And then right across the street from the Gettysburg Tour Center, this is where you take your uh battlefield tours, those bus tours and stuff. Get yourself a licensed battlefield guide. It's this Civil War tales diarama museum. And you'll notice the way tales is spelt. That's because this is all a bunch of Civil War diaramas done instead of with human soldiers with little diarama cats. I don't know what the photo policy is like, but I have never been in here. I've seen photos. Never been inside before. Ally likes cats. I like the Civil War. Maybe this will be the perfect one, too. Punch. Oh, yeah. Look at this. They're open till 8:00 p.m. It's a cat's eye view of the battle. Okay, I knew this was going to be awesome, but it was nothing like I expected stepping in here. More than 8,000 handmade, individually made clay cats are telling the story of the Civil War here. Each made by Ruth or Rebecca Brown, twin sisters. Rebecca is actually here in the museum today guiding us around. Look at this. This is Pickicket's charge at the angle where we've been, you know, on and off throughout the week. It's the most incredible diarama I've ever seen. Something about seeing the little poor injured kitties actually brings home the the the carnage and the toll of the battle more than anything else really ever has to me. I don't know why that is, but it is so freaking true. Just the detail, just this one diarama alone. And they started building these to scale after a number of years. I just look at all those cats. Thousands of tiny little cats representing soldiers, representing real action that actually happened on the battlefield. Then they've also got Desperation at Skull Camp Bridge in here. So, a whole diarama about that. They've got a whole diarama for the monitor and the Marramac populated by little tiny cats, of course. And then the great locomotive chase. You got the general, the Texas, and then you even have Camp Sumpter at Andersonville Prison in Georgia. So, I mean, you know, described as hell on earth. Literally like one of the worst prison camps ever. All done with cute little miniature cats. There's even little miniature cat dead bodies. This is the strangest thing ever. Nice player piano going on in the museum. And then on top of it, you got the uh Hunley and the USS Shuatonic. I can never pronounce that correctly. One of those things you read but never have to pronounce. I don't think I've ever heard it pronounced to me. Look at this. populated by tiny little cat sailors. Look at the little cats. >> Fort Sumpter. And they have like a bucket brigade to roll away the barrels out of the powder magazine. This is amazing. Room after room after room. >> Epic. Double the space. >> That is epic. They've been making these >> models for 30 years and they've had the museum open for 10 years. This is the cudigra right here. Little freaking round top. This gives me a whole new appreciation for the fighting especially on the front of little round top. But then >> this gave us a whole new appreciation for a work because you know thinking like looking at our diarama how close they are to hazards artillery you're like man if you hit the 16th Michigan which mind you is only half the regiment and their flag and commander are in the rear and Vincent has been wounded. They don't have, >> you know, their regimental commander, brigade commander or their flag to rally around and they've been fighting for over an hour, >> you know, so like you're going to be hitting them on the flank. Like you roll a fencing flank and you can walt right up and capture hazard. >> This is like one of the on >> this like one of the best depictions I've ever seen though of of the the the hook down there at the end of the Union lines, the 20th man all hooked backwards in the forest. Wow. >> This is the oats boulder. So nowadays, Chamberlain Avenue has been repaid, >> right? >> It comes up and then loops around, goes down to their monument and back and then across the crosswalk to 16th Michigan in the shelf. Um, but this is the boulder where Colonel O's brother John gets mortally wounded. >> Oh no, there he is. >> So he wanted to put a marker there for the 15th Alabama after the war and everyone was like, "Yeah, no." admitting that the Confederates legit got in the rear of the Union Army and almost broke the 20th main line. >> Yeah. I mean, that's really far back >> to it so you can, you know, find the rock. But yeah, I mean, they're going back and back. >> That's way farther back than I I really realized >> and it's one of the Yeah. If you pay attention to where their left and right flank markers are, I think the left flank is in these rocks. The right flanks are, you know, so they're not that far apart. >> Yeah. >> You know, if you think about it. So, did you ever count how many cats? >> Yeah, this one's got 2,650 on it. >> 2,650 cats play rocks based off the photos. The cats beat them by 50. Tickets charge us three. >> Wow. I never thought about the rocks. So, you made the rocks, too? >> Yeah. >> Oh my gosh. And look at that. Every individual cat is handmade. >> Yeah. Star made everything. >> That is amazing. It's so cinematic. Every little every little spot is such a perfect little story. And then of course when Gettysburg got a Japanese sister city, what did the sisters the Brown sisters do? They had to make little miniature samurai. Little kitty cat samurai. I'm dying. So So many kitties. Wow. This is mind-blowing. And you got the book, the Civil War Tales official book. And then cats for sale. You can buy your own little cat in a dome. I almost missed General Me's headquarters over here. It's just crazy to think that they make the horses. They make everything on here. Little wire sabers, little cottonball puffs of smoke. Poor horsey right there. General me headquarters. A scene of carnage and devastation. Jeez Louise. Oh, got a little uh Easter model right here. Look at that. An empty tomb. Wow. Sweet. When they started the museum, they had a cat, like a live cat, right? But she was older, so she was too old to jump up on the diuramas and everything like that, so it was safe to have a cat around. Now, you couldn't risk having a real life cat in here. It might disturb all of the tiny little cats. Didn't see this either. There's so many little miniature diaramas in this place. It's easy to miss them because the huge ones in here. I mean, look at the size of that thing. You can't miss little round top. But then look, even on the shelves, you've got a little tiny model angel of death. Over here, there's Kitty Vera Brown, Mosby's Raid. Amazing. Anyway, I was going to say they do have a dog in here. Look at Joanie over there sucking up all the attention. We just bought those cats in the domes. We bought every single one that we could. I need to somehow I need to somehow take some of this home with me to California. This is the kind of thing I think ends up in history books. You know, if it ever disappears, god forbid, you'd be like, "Oh, there was once this place called Civil War Tales. You'll never believe it." So, it'd be so cool to have a little piece of it. One, that's one reason to buy your own little cats available in the gift shop. Or two, even if it lasts forever, you'll be like, "Oh, yeah. You know, way 100 years ago when the creators were alive, you could actually buy yourself a little cat." This is incredible. Yeah, like I was saying, but uh Rebecca, she's so knowledgeable about the Civil War, she she'll correct you if you're not careful, >> if you're too well, if you're too simplified. I mean, look at this. You got all the Confederate soldiers marching up the face of Little Round Top to their destruction. And then way out here, the 20th Maine, as depicted in the movie, Gettysburg, famously surrounded by the Alamians that were hooking all the way around around behind the Union Army. We were almost flanked, boys. We were almost flanked. I was talking to my friend Tyler Evans from Georgia the other day. You know, cuz he's from Georgia. I said, "Sorry for what we did to you boys out here." Cuz I mentioned where I was. He's like, "Nah, we had it coming." Oh, wow. That is awesome. All right, Joanie signing off for the night. So, so are we. We got to feed our alley and then uh move along, pack up our stuff, and get ready to go back to Southern California and away from Gettysburg. So hard for me to pull myself away from this town on the best of days. And now that I know this is here, now that I've seen it with my own eyes, how will I ever leave? Dude, as Joe Gargery would say, uh, astonishing, Pip. Astonishing. All right, Ally wants to eat down there near the Farnsworth House. This day went by so quickly. The film festival thing is so awesome. It was very, very cool to be invited. Shout out to Gettysburg History, to Andrew Dalton, and everybody involved with it cuz boy, what a production. Super thanks for the invitation. But I'm not used to being indoors at Gettysburg. So, we're in there for like a 2 or 3 hour talk or presentation. Then you come out and you're like, "Oh no, we're running out of daylight. I need more Battlefield time." I should have scheduled several more days to get my uh battlefield fixed, but alas, our time is drawing to a close. We still have one more day out here, but it's supposed to be soggy and rainy and wet tomorrow, so I don't know what we'll be able to do. >> I don't know if anything's going to top Civil War tales, though. >> That was You like that, right? >> Yes. >> You probably learned more from those cats than you ever learned about the battle before. >> Yeah. >> Even from Ken Burns. Sorry, Ken Burns. Ken Burn should totally add that into his Civil War documentary without explanation. Somebody should just edit in some shots of the cat diarama. >> It would be so good. No, cancel that. Ally said too many people for her. This isn't even that crowded though. Sweeny's Tavern rear building. Farnsworth House is the actual house and fine dining. I'm always so confused what's what. Cuz there's also a sign over here that says Fellowship Tavern and Camp Farnsworth. What is what? I'm so confused by the signage. Well, Allie's change of heart, which is mostly due to sore feet and being very tired cuz uh it's been a it's been a very busy 3 days. A lot of walking back and forth to places and walking around town means at least we have time for a little sunset drive onto the battlefield. That's what I always want. I always want a little battlefield driving time, especially once the sun starts to get low or the weather starts to get nicely. I want to get outside. I always feel like that way in Anaheim. We just don't have a lot of outside to get to. a lot of cinder block walls and uh and boring looking streets. Well, as the sun goes down lower and lower in the west, we decided to drive up on top of Big Round Top and take part of the trail towards the top cuz this is not far really from um where they filmed the Blair Witch Project. We were out at some of the filming locations last year. I kind of noticed this like a little patch of woods up near the top of Big Roundup. It's very Blair Witchy. So, she popped her headphones in and she's walking down the trail here. She's like, "I just want to get a vibe. I don't know what that means, but I'm here for it. Gotta support your wife." Of course, when I took her to the actual woods where they filmed the Blair Witch Project, it was summer, so there were thorns and leaves everywhere. Bees everywhere. So, even though it was fall after the leaves fell and not spring, long after they've fallen from last fall, it's it's still pretty close. Close enough. So, she's having a little Blair Witch fun. I am just thinking about Little Round Top where we're going next. The sight of the last moments of so many cats. This is what I'm talking about, man. You know, like if we go out for a picnic in Southern California, it doesn't look anything like this. I mean, this is just beautiful terrain to us. To me, it's the mossy boulders. I cannot get enough of those. No, but in all seriousness, yes, we love the terrain, but for me, it's also the history, right? It's all the uh brave men who fought and died here to preserve the Union and just there's so many stories. So many stories out here. I've never taken this trail before. This is really this is really neat. Feel like almost everyone has a Gettysburg battlefield ghost story but me. I never seen any ghosts. Just tourists. And I have seen some soldiers, but they're either reenactors or they're marble soldiers on monuments. You know, makes me wonder if a lot of people that say they they were driving by in the morning and they see a soldier if they're just seeing some of the monuments and then it's like trick of the brain kind of thing cuz I could see a soldier right now off to the left. See, look at that. You know, if you were walking through the woods and you just saw a glimpse of that, what would you think? It's awesome. This This is just ah the trail that continues all the way up to the top of round top or big round top. You see some of the walls here, property lines or sometimes thrown up by soldiers or by the park service or by some of the attractions that were out on the battlefield. And then across the way, the ascent up little roundtop, you had the Alamians running through the forest over here trying to flank the Union army, trying to go around. Then of course Union soldiers down here eventually because obviously a lot of the ground uh changed hands over and over like right here. This is a monument to the 10th Pennsylvania Reserves, 39th Pennsylvania Infantry, Third Brigade, Third Division, Fifth Corps. At least that's what it says on the sign. I can't even imagine marching all the way up here from Alabama. And then your commander's like, "You're going to take that hill over there, boys." And then Joshua Lawrence Chamberlain and the 20th Main do a bayonet charge down you. Look at this. I walked that trail by myself for a little ways and Ally came to pick me up. I told her to go ahead a little further. Yeah. Here we are in the valley between the two roundtops. There's the face of Little Round Top where most of the fighting was and then there's a little spur at the back of it where the 20th main was. Probably the most famous part of the battlefield which I'm sure gr in fact I know grinds historians gears like hey yeah Chamberlain Chamberlain cuz it was in the movie. It's amazing the visibility now. You can really see where everybody was. I'm sure you couldn't see with all the smoke, the haze of battle, and the excessive foliage that's out here in the summer. I mean, everything's all grown up. There's vines, there's thorns, and you had to march shouldertoshoulder, you know, in the ranks through this stuff. If there was a boulder, you had to step over a tree. Just have to kind of Anyway, the wind is picking up. The day is winding down. I'm going to head up onto a little round top and then bid you guys farewell. All right. All right. Well, like the soldiers of the Civil War long ago, we have made our ascent of Little Round Top, Alli's decided to wait in the car and just let me have a moment out here so I can have a moment with you. A moment where I'd like to thank you for supporting Random Land, for watching these videos, watching all the way to the very end, sharing with your friends, all those things. It helps me to do things like support the Gettysburg Film Festival or promote a lot of these wacky sometimes attractions and different places that we go to share stories, encourage people to get outside, do a little traveling. Obviously means a lot to me personally. It means a lot to my family as well. I love that somebody has uh climbed up here on top of little roundtop with their American flag with the old stars and stripes, old glory. And man, what a view out here. What a view today. On a personal note, I still feel like I'm uh kind of finding my balance. I mean, this was an unusual weekend anyways, right? Like uh I had no idea what to expect, what we were going to what we I knew I would have a good time. I just had no idea what to expect in terms of filming or sharing it. Since the recent passing of my good friend, I've just had a a really hard time like recovering my balance and and getting sort of back into the flow. So, all the extra love, support, you guys who are sticking by me, watching all these crazy, very random adventures. The show is well named, huh? Random land. Those of you who have been encouraging me or getting copies of my book, The Hats, joining Patreon, doing all those things. I see you. I appreciate you so much. It's just been it's been it's been hard. Some things in life hit you harder than others. And uh yeah, I had a big hit recently. And it wasn't just that. There's been a lot of other things going on in my life behind the scenes as well. And there really is no normal for me or for random land. But I've just I've had trouble I feel like recovering my footing a little bit. So what I'm trying to say is I appreciate the support. I appreciate all the love, kind words, and just you guys being here, just you guys sticking around. It's supposed to be rainy tomorrow on our very last day in Gettysburg. Our packing up and getting ready to go home day. But hopefully we'll get out for one last adventure on the battlefield. But if not, if this is where I leave you, thanks for tuning in. Thanks for watching all these episodes out here in Gettysburg. Um, definitely support Gettysburg History, one of the primary sponsors of the Gettysburg Film Festival, the American Battlefield Trust that does so much to preserve landscapes like this and add to them. Happy to uh to be a member. I met the president of the American Battlefield Trust yesterday, which was a real treat. And of course, I've been uh friends with Gary Adelman for a couple of years. We did a video down there in Devil's Den summer 2025. So, a couple months ago together, which was very I mean, he is the expert on Devil's Den. I didn't know I'd be back in Gettysburg so soon, but it's been it's been one heck of a ride, and it's been nice. It's been nice to be out, especially out on the battlefield at the end of every day soaking in the atmosphere. 250 years now we have been trying to see whether this uh crazy American experiment would fail quarter millennium though pretty good pretty good it's been a lot more than four score and seven years now when our fathers brought forth on this continent a new nation conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition that All men are created equal. And speaking of those who gave their lives for that here on this battlefield, there's nothing better I could say than uh to use the immortal words of Abraham Lincoln in the Gettysburg Address. From these honored dead, we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion. that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain, that this nation under God shall have a new birth of freedom, and that government of the people, by the people, and for the people shall not perish from the earth. Thank you for watching. Thank you for listening. Thank you for hanging out. We've done our duty, and now all that's left to do is go home and sleep well. See you next time. Heat. Heat. I just love everything about this. So, this is Morris Island, Charleston Harbor. >> Yeah, our first scale diagram that we did. >> Oh, man. What do we have over here? The snowball battle. >> That's General Patrick Claybornne getting captured by his own guys. Oh no the first time and then he got captured again instead figure out what to do to him since he broke his pearl. >> So you started the models really small >> they dias about 2 in tall the cats >> and then the cats got smaller and smaller and then the diuramas got bigger and bigger >> started wanting to make them to scale. We already had a pick charge and so >> wow make charge to scale but still have a thinner bedroom means that the cat get smaller and the diaramas get bigger. >> This is this is amazing. Did you make these horses too? >> All the 20 on that diarama. >> Wow. The detail. >> That's amaz. >> General Custer. >> Kitty Custer. Tiny Jeb Stewart. Jeb Stewart was a bad kitty.
