---
video_id: TUP-5_vw6iE
channel: JustinScarred
title: "Weirdest town in California: Solvang, Ostrichland, and the Abandoned Pea Soup Empire"
published: 2026-02-11
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUP-5_vw6iE
---
Now, here's a side of California you don't see very often. We're back in my home state, although nowhere near my home. I'm sorry I had to disappear there for a few days after coming back home to attend some personal business. I may or may not share with you by the end of this video. We'll see. We'll see. But look at this. It's Old Mission Santa Enz. Founded in 1804 by the Spanish and still in continuous use ever since then as a Catholic church. One of those old original California missions that all of us kids that grew up in California had to do school projects on. And if we're looking at old mission Santa in that means we're in the little Danish town of Solvang, one of the weirdest towns in California. Yeah, gladly. I haven't been in Svang in quite a while. I forgot that this mission is not a state park or a historic monument. It's a working church. So, you have to line up to get tours of the inside. You can't just walk in. However, it is a beautiful little tranquil spot. And there is an old mission gift shop right here. However, it is a beautiful tranquil spot to visit of a morning after I've just consumed my morning coffee. And look at this. They got the old mission gift shop right here. Man, even the gift shop has some marvelous history on the walls. Ooh, I keep meaning to read that book right there. Like I said, I came here on personal business up the coast of sort of central California, not to purposefully visit Sang or do a video here. But since I ended up spending the night here last night, it seemed like, you know what? Why not get up, walk around, and have a little adventure? Oh, and I forgot. I'm not quite alone because here comes the sun. Look it. It's Ally. What' you get? Postcards. Yes, I got two. >> I was going to show the gift shop more, but it was pretty crowded in there. Pretty busy of a Monday morning. Obviously, California first settled by the Spanish. This area around Santa Enz mission first settled by the Spanish in 1804. They named it Santiago, which in German Oh, wait, no, wrong place. Then, of course, later Danish immigrants came here and named it Solvang, which means sunfield or sunny fields. Not so sunny today, but look at how beautiful those fields are. Now it's sort of wine country, California wine country. So there's a lot of wine tasting and uh little Danish souvenirs. We'll see some of those in just one second. But first, look at this little garden area over here. I don't remember this being here before. El Calaio. There's little crosses and stations of the cross in here in a very beautiful setting. I mean, it doesn't get much more beautiful than that view right there. Oh, yeah. See these little paintings? stations of the cross with some uh it's a weird mix of beautiful and kind of peaceful and prayerful and contemplative out here as it should be at a church and then also a little bit a little bit graphic here. However, that is the point of the story. There are multiple woodpeckers along this path. I don't know. We have to zoom in past maximum zoom in capability here. Might be a little pixelated, but those are two woodpeckers just chilling. They paused in the act. Busted. I see what you're up to. Look at this. Right behind one of the crosses up on that pole. A dove. A sign of peace. It is so pretty out here. This is actually a nice peaceful way to start my morning. I just had my vanilla latte, my hot vanilla latte in remembrance of my good friend Adam the Woo. I had a piping hot caffeinated beverage. Ally got a cold marshmallow, toasted marshmallow latte. She did not like it. So, she's still grumpy. She didn't have her caffeine the way she should have had it. This is what happens whenever we go to those hipster coffee shops. Like, it has good reviews and they're never good. >> No, >> never good. >> Oh, well, here's the the way of resurrection, the open fields of Sang. I do not mean this in a sacriiggious way, but we're out here in this little garden and uh dude, the Lord looks pretty ripped in this statue right here. I mean, man, I I do not look like that without my shirt on. Wow, this is really cute. There's several little paths over here. This is awesome. We're literally back to back. The back of the mission property backs up onto the sort of main drag of Solvang. I don't remember these little gardens being here, but every time I come here from now on, if I wake up in Solving, I'm going to take a little walk. Most of the California missions, for those of you who are unfamiliar, are or were at one point abandoned uh after, you know, Mexican independence from Spain and then being taken over by the United States. A lot of the missions were secularized. Their property was taken as first Spanish and then Mexican and then later American immigrants came along. Yeah. So, most of them are in a pretty derelict state or a state of slight restoration, but a lot of the original stuff is missing. It's really cool when one has been in continuous use and maintained like this. We've seen uh many families going to and fro just doing regular Monday church stuff out here, huh? Another statue. Gorgeous. Obviously, these places were built with the help of the Native Americans that the Spanish came to convert. So, a little nod to Native American and Spanish and Mexican Californian history before we jump in to the Danes. Yeah, look at this. Watch this transition. Old Spanish mission. Bam. Straight out to Salvang. They are literally back to back. Personally, I think Salang might be the weirdest town in California because of course it was settled by Danish immigrants who came to plow the fields and prosper here in the United States in California and prosper they did. But of course, because of their Danish architecture, especially in the 1950s, they sort of transformed Salvang into the ultimate tourist town. Right? Look at this. You have all the kings going from Gorm the old all the way down to Christopher II, Olaf Christian IVth, Christian the eighth, Frederick the 9th, Her Majesty Queen Margaret the 72 lady. They had to add a little bit to the sign here cuz now you got Frederick the 10th. Anyway, they went full tourist with Sang as you can see out here with the Danish architecture. So many gift shops and restaurants and wonderful things. many, many, many, many, many bakeries. And yet, as dependent on tourism as this town is, it's not all that tourist friendly when it comes to cameras or selfies, especially inside of stores. So, it's always a challenge being able to show you the inside of anything in Svang because they get a little temperamental about cameras. Still, on the surface, it looks like Danish Disneyland. Come one, come all enjoy the hokey tourist stuff. And yet, Svang is this weird mix of fairy tale architeure and novelty sock stores, candy shops, and other tourist things with fine art galleries, wine tasting rooms, Michelin starrated restaurants. It is just the weirdest town ever. It has many, many different identities. Like, look, look at this. We are steps away from the big tower and the big windmill. And here's the wishing well restaurant with a beautiful carve. Wishing well and a clown. A clown. Got your Sulvang penny press right in front of the ice cream shop where they have free ice cream tasting. And then there's the tattoo shop up here. Skate shop. They've got a vinyl shop up there and a vintage store. Then you'll have like bougie little coffee shops and acai bowls and art galleries and stained glass. As previously mentioned, wine everywhere. Been a while since we've been to Svang. The last time we were here was Christmas time a couple of years ago. Dude, and unlike today during Christmas time when they got all the Christmas lights up and stuff, Soul Vang is popping. It gets crazy busy like Easter time, Christmas time, summer holidays, summer weekends. Funny part is when we were here last time for Christmas, it was like at 7:00 p.m. everything closes. They roll up the sidewalk. We got here last night like right before sunset and everything in town pretty much was closed. It was amazing. I mean, it was a Sunday evening. Look at this. You got the giant windmill here on what I sort of considered the main drag. Alisol Way, I think. I don't know how to pronounce it in Danish, but uh here again, you see you have the tower pizza behind this place. You have the cafe and gelato in the front. Mexican food place right next door. So, it's just a crazy mix of everything. Yet inside the old mill, there are plenty of Danish souvenirs, German souvenirs. There's little information about Salvang history. You can buy some outfits to blend in with the locals. Just weird and strange and I love it. I always think about the Spanish that came and started the mission in 1804. What would they have thought if they knew that just a little over a hundred years later, this place would be taken over by Danish Protestants coming over from the old world to the new, peppering the sunny fields of what would become Sulvang with things like this rabbit just working away at that rolling pin forever. Oh no, the rabbit got you, huh? >> Yeah, >> the rabbit in the window. What'd you get? >> Um, these cookies. >> Cookies. Oh no, there's gluten-free cookies. Sang is catching on to my knees. Look at this gingerbread house. And here they have some ready-made gingerbread houses ready to rock. Some of them have been redecorated for Valentine's Day. You can get a Valentine's Day gingerbread house alley. Oh, love is in the air. I just love this. This is not the only window display of its kind in Solang. Look at that rabbit work. Working all day. Got to make those gingerbread houses. Valentine's Day isn't going to supply itself. So pink and cute here. This looks like the kind of place that I would love to take my nana. >> Yeah, >> like nana would just love this. Take her to a little bakery. Maybe get her some tea somewhere. You know, there's high tea somewhere in Solvang. Okay, this is the tower I was referring to right back here. If you've never seen any other videos about Salvang. This is a replica of the run round tower >> in Copenhagen, Denmark. But here in Svang, it's tower pizza. You can grab your pizza, eat it in the base of the tower, and look out the back windows at the wall of the old mission. Of course, the Danish people were descendants of Vikings, so there are a lot of Viking souvenirs in town as well. Oh yeah, look at all the Viking stuff. You're in the market for a new axe? >> A lot of steines and wooden shoes, German looking teddy bears. There are a lot of German gifts peppered in sang, by the way. Nice little shop. Yeah, they've got some uh plush ostriches in here. And if you stick around long enough in this video, I can almost guarantee you you're going to see a live ostrich. That's got to be worth sticking around for, right? Live ostrich. Don't worry if windmills are your thing, but you're sick of big windmills. They've got windmills of other sizes as well. Every size you can possibly imagine, from the fridge magnet to the alleysiz windmill and more. This windmill is sitting right in front of a tiki lounge, the high roller tiki lounge, which is obviously not open in the morning like this, but we have been inside of here before. Don't worry you wine snobs. This tiki lounge is equipped with plenty of wine. Look at this old Danish food farm. Ice cream and hot dogs. The traditional Danish food supply. Lot of pretzels in town as well. More fudge than it should be legal to pack into any town. Not to mention 1 billion cookies. Mainly what I like when I come to Solving is just walking around and looking at the architecture. It's like walking through fantasy land at Disneyland. It's sort of California's real life fantasy land. There are a few other similarly themed towns in California like Westminster, California and Orange County is supposed to be all old English themed. It didn't really work. Kingsburg and some other places, but nothing on this level. I mean, Copenhagen Drive right here that we're standing on right now, which is really sort of the main street of Salvang. It's just unlike anywhere else but Fantasy Land. I mean, G Willilickers. Look at the architecture of the building next door to G Willilickers. That is absolutely beautiful. The wood shingled roof, the brick work. If that's actual brick work, man, that is fantastic. I love the wood shingled sort of porch or awning or whatever you want to call it here with real ivy growing up the side. This is Adel Wise sterling silver jewelry, quartz watches, gifts and accessories. Lots of little gnomes in the windows. Easter bunnies are starting to appear. My first Soul Vang video on Random Land was done I can't remember if it was 2013 or 2014, but I was here with my friend Tyler Evans who we just saw on our vision quest back from Florida after Adam's funeral. Tyler Evans was here with me on Easter Sunday, I believe, and we were walking down this very street. We saw Jason Seagull here and he looked at us like, "Oh no, I've been spotted." And we were just like, "Love your stuff, man." Kept on cruising. Kept it cool. You're welcome, Jason Seagull. You owe me one. Okay. Ally and I came here just a couple of years ago for Christmas time like I mentioned. And usually we always try to get Ally some Danish food. Last time she had some really good Danish meatballs. They were called like the fricadeller or something like that. And so she is looking around here. Oh, you found the frricadeller. The fricadeller's right there. She's looking around at all the different restaurants. She's going to try every fricadeller in town eventually. Obviously I can't keep track of everywhere we've bought food from in Solvang in the past. So, we may have bought a pastry or something from here, but I don't think we've ever gotten food at the Red Viking restaurant. So, why not get some freadeller for breakfast? >> Y freadell. It does good. >> Oh, it's cute in here. Ooh, >> look at that axe. If those are the kind of awards they give you in this town, I want to earn an award, >> dude. Even though I really can't eat anything in this particular restaurant. I have celiac disease. I got some weird food allergy situations. I love places like this. Very midcentury. And look at that. I mean, classic roadside restaurant. Great murals, great place mats with the history of Sulvang all over them. >> Danish paintings on the wall. Look at the little beer hut here. It's great. >> All right, she got it. The friadeller. You got your freaking food. What the freak? All right, while Ally is enjoying her meatballs, really quick, I wanted to step outside cuz there were some pictures on the walls of the Red Viking restaurant that show you that Solang wasn't always so Danish themed in terms of architecture. In fact, there's a great photo in there from the late 1940s, taken just down here, sort of roughly like this from this first intersection down old Copenhagen Drive right here. And you can definitely see that the buildings were nothing like they are today. In fact, that building at the very far end of the photo was, according to the little sign in there, the first of the Danish architecture projects in town, the Copenhagen Square project that was completed in 1947. So, that is when this town started to transform itself from any other central California farming town into this. That's when they renamed most of the streets in town from like Spanish names to Danish names. Look at this. That's also when they renamed most of the streets in town from Spanish names to Danish names. By the way, it wouldn't be Sang if we didn't stop to see the giant red wooden shoe in front of the Salvang shoe store, which does in fact sell wooden shoes. Look at this boba tea and smoothies. You got the little rainbow foot spa so you can treat your dogs nice here. the Belgian cafe. Past that. I like how the uh little rainbow foot spot. We have old Danish architecture without but much more of an Asian flavor inside. Look at that. That is cool. Belgian cafe is apparently a very good breakfast spot. Good to know for next time. So Ally isn't eating meatballs for breakfast. We got Elna's dress shop over here with Danish costumes and ladies wear. These fellas aren't buying ladies wear today. They were just window shopping. I love how some of the Danish wear though in the window says probably made in America. So, it's American Danish wear. You got chocolates next door. You got just everything. Back across the street where Ally is wrapping up eating her meatballs. You remember I said there's more than one window in town with some animated fun going on. Well, right next door where Ally is enjoying her meatballs, check this out. The Danish Mill Bakery and Coffee Shop. We're down here in the windows in front of all those Danish baked goods. You got the little Danish pastry chefs going crazy in the window preparing all those delectable baked goods inside. I don't know what these tools and implements they're using are called besides the old classic rolling pin in there. This guy looks like he's holding one of those little frosting things. The other guy's just holding a bag. Is that supposed to be dough? Maybe he's kneading his dough. But, uh, Arvin Peterson, the Danish Mill bakery founder, is sitting here nodding with approval, looking at his giant, uh, baguette over here, which I think originally belonged in his hand. And look at this. He even approves of this mouse over here in the window, who is bowing to all the potential customers. Even the plush are put to work in Soul. Wait a minute. Is that a mouse or is that some kind of weird koala bear? Of course, the traditional Danish koala. I love the architecture. Beautiful inside. The Danish mill bakery and coffee shop. Also beautiful outside. You got the stork up there on the crown of the roof. I love the little iron work out here. It's all very midcentury and not so much medieval. >> That just gives it an extra something, right? Just just a little extra something. It's also It's also nice to know that they started working on all these Danish looking buildings before Disneyland even got started. So, this is almost like Southern California's original Fantasy Land. Got the Iron Art gift shop over here with cuckoo clocks in the windows and the special red plate. Apparently, that's a Danish tradition. So, on your birthday, you can use a special red plate. And look, it it reminds you that you're special today. Hey. Oh, they have a red mug as well. Got all kinds of Christmas figures here and sort of Russian nesting dolls. I always like the cuckoo clocks the most, but they're so pricey, especially for ones that look really ornate and really fancy and traditional. Having like a real handcarved German wooden cuckoo clock from Bavaria or the Black Forest or something would be so cool. You know, if I win the lottery one day, I won't tell anyone, but there will be signs. That'll be one of them. My cuckoo clock collection. Now, let's face it. If I won the lottery, I' i'd probably tell someone. The word would get out. It's hard for me to keep those kind of secrets. You know, last time we were here, we were trying to get a famous Danish dish called Abel Schkever. They're sort of like pancake balls with sort of strawberry or some kind of berry syrup on them. Not for me, for Ally. And this one right here, Sang Restaurant, home of Arty's famous Abelver, had a freaking line all the way down the block. The Danish Mill Bakery back here had a line going that way down the block. We stood in one or the other of those lines and got in. They're like, "Oh, we're all out of Able Skevers." Everywhere we went, they were like, "Oh, we're out of it. Sold out." Last night, there was one place that was open and Ally did finally have Able Skaver. How was it? >> It was good. I liked it. >> Able Sk. These guys like it too. They made it in fact with the help of their koala. >> It's a mouse. >> How would you know? >> Look at it. That's a mouse. >> Takes one to know one. Oh no. Ally might be in the market for more Able Skever now because she just realized she didn't get Arie's famous Able last night. Looks pretty cool inside of there. But look at this. They sell Abblever making pans >> and mix >> and mix. You can mix up your own Able at home. There it is. There it is. Look, the raw Ablevers pre adorned with their sauce and powdered sugar. >> Yeah, mine Mine were like small. Yeah, these are big. Arie's Arie's got the big old Ael skiver balls. >> That's why he's so famous. Got the only in Soul Vang gifts. Makes sense why they're only sold in Sang. I mean, I don't know why you'd sell those in Los Angeles. I told you there would be novelty socks galore. Look at the Finn and Jake sock right there. You wouldn't wear those though. You'd be like, "Oh, cute." And buy them, but you would never never wear them. Dog alert. Oh, cute dog. >> Look at him puppy. Sang Toyland Parts Unknown. A fashion adventure for me. a fashion adventure would be having any kind of fashion at all. I was just thinking to myself, I wanted to show some Sang construction that's going on. Something very exciting and new is coming to this place. Look at this. Look what we've run across. Some Sulvang deuction. This old hotel or building back here looks like it suffered some kind of serious fire. We've been to this place. There was a water wheel on the corner. I can't remember if it was a shop. I can't remember if it was just shops or shops and a hotel and offices or whatever. Clearly, they had a fire. That doesn't look like just regular demolition right there. Oh, yeah. If you get closer, you can smell it. This doesn't look like it was that recent either. It's all secured and everything, but you can still smell the char on that bad boy. Dang. I like how even the most bland office building in Salvang is Danish themed. Look at that little spire right there in the middle where people take their smoke breaks. Probably I know very little about actual Denmark other than what I've learned from coming to Svang over the years. One of these days maybe I'll get to Denmark. Maybe I'll buy some Lego over there. Dude, that is such a bummer. History lost right there. Hopefully it gets rebuilt bigger and better and even more gloriously Sulvang looking than before. Mostly decided to roam around Svang just to have a morning walk. Allie wanted to get some meatballs, maybe some Able Skaver. For the number of times that I've been here, and we've been here together, there's still a lot of stuff I haven't done, I have not gone in the Viking Museum ever. Ever seen a show or a concert at the Svang Festival Theater, which looks like a hoot and a hauler? I've never taken a trolley ride through Sang. Oh, you can see a picture of the inside of the theater right there. Oh, you can see a picture of the inside of a of the theater right there. I got this little beer garden type thing outside with a little miniature village back there. Pretty cool looking. I love that even the side streets are full of these quirky weird strange buildings. There's like a surveying nails and spa over here in the center. Just look at the architecture of that. It's so cool. I know people from like Europe or York or somewhere going big deal 1950s fake European buildings. But to us, this is very cool. Maybe Danish themed, but there's something very, very American about this. Like I always say, fantasy land. Look how there's all these little birdhouse looking speakers all throughout the town. I think they're speakers. Another epic windmill here. Allie found the ramen shop. She's probably regretting her meatballs already. Wouldn't be Danish without Hamlet Square. Of course, the big windmill here is the Svang Trolley ice cream parlor. They got some more fancy glass artwork and some gift shops here. They're all getting ready for Valentine's Day. Everybody's putting hearts in the windows and decorating with pink. Solving is probably super busy on Valentine's Day. Then right across the street here, we got the King Frederick Inn. That's where we stayed last time we stayed in town. Oh, I almost forgot about Pebble people. They had the world's largest Kit Kat clock in here a while back. Look at that. They've got uh tons of cuckoo clocks and stuff. They are not into photos and videos in the store, but look at that. the solving pebble people. There you get an idea right there of the cuckoo clocks on the wall. >> We could only get that shot from the public sidewalk. There are signs inside. You can take video if you pay a fee of $1600. The cuckoo clocks are cool, but not in my budget. Not in my budget to film. There's a little as seen on TV store down here at the end. More beautiful side streets with wine tasting shops. And then look at this courtyard back here. and Mortonson's Danish Bakery. Gorgeous little building. Some more wine bars down here at Otterd Dog Square. You got the Otterd Dog Inn with some information about King Otterd Dog. >> Hey, there's some Otter Dogs right there. You're the man now, dog. Then coming out the other side, you can see more windmills up and down the main highway through Sang California Highway 246. Very close to, in fact, just off of US 101, just a few minutes away. Sing is so weird. Like, if you grew up in Southern California, it is famous kind of as a wine tasting retreat. Famous spot for sort of Valentine's weekend getaways, romantic getaways. Ally and I always feel very romantic whenever we escape to Sane. I feel like outside of California, central and southern California, it is much less wellnown. You know what I mean? You kind of have to be going from LA to San Francisco via the coast and then know where to turn inland to see all this stuff. Like its own little hidden world out here. Very unusual. like frozen in time a little bit in sort of mid-century tourist town fashion, but then also kind of stuck as this bougie piece of California coastal wine country. There are some new things in town. There's escape rooms. There's this final girl wine and horror shop right here. Very horror themed in there. And the nice man with the Australian accent inside or maybe Kiwi accent. I can't always tell the difference. >> Well, this is now the number one tasting room in Salvang. Number five in America. >> Yeah, that's what he said. But look at this. This is what I was most interested in when we rolled into town last night. Look at this. Right at the intersection of sort of the main drag and the highway. I have no idea what they're doing here other than they're building some kind of little miniature Danish village. So, they're adding another windmill to town. And you can never have too many. I mean, come on. Look at this. There's a little miniature church with stained glass going up. little thatched roof village buildings. Look at this. See, in my expert opinion, this is exactly what Svang needs more of. They used to lean hard into sort of the kind of corny, cheesy tourist stuff, which is why you see tour buses like this coming through town. And then it was like once the California wine country thing got super popular up in Napa and down in Tmacula and up here on the central, like they leaned way more into the super bougie side of things. And I don't know what's going to be in here. For all I know, it's going to be more fine art and more miniature wine tasting rooms, but I feel like the cute kind of hobbit scale nature of all this kind of fun and kitsy, a little touristy, but also like very authentic looking. I've never been to Denmark. To my untrained nondish eye, it looks pretty good, right? I feel like this is exactly what you need more of. Little shops, little places, little museums, more things to take fun pics in front of. This is going to be great. Whatever it is, I cannot wait to see it. Anyway, we decided to save the visit to the Viking Museum for our next trip out here. Like I said, it's not like we came out here on a purposeful soul only trip. We were out here for some personal business. Another shot of the little village and the little village buildings going up. By the way, look at the the doors on some of these look like actual artifacts right there. Maybe the small scale is just accurate to old actual oldw world medieval villages or something like that. These are amazing. Anyway, I forgot what I was talking about. Oh yes. So, we're going to roll out of Soul Vang now, but our adventure is just beginning because there's some place very close by we haven't been to for years. And we would be remiss being in this part of California without making a stop at the second greatest tourist attraction in the area, the world famous Ostrich Land. I don't know why this place isn't more famous. It's seriously located. I don't know like a 5minute drive or something like that. Right out of S. Look at that. Dino Land USA may be gone, but we've still got Ostrich Land USA. It's just like Disneyland only better because it has ostriches. >> Also, emus. Apparently, Ostrich Land has been open since the 1990s, although I never heard of it or came here until 2018 when I came with Ally on a very sunny day where she got sunburned for literally like a year. You had that tan line. It's nice to be back on a hazy gray day where we're not going to get burnt up. Although, you never know. There's still a possibility we could get pecked. All right, we just entered through the gift shop and picked up our ostrich feeding utensils. We skipped over the ostrich wing fun pick for now cuz we are just too eager and excited. Look at that sign right there. See it says, "Yes, we like to peck." We are about to be pecked, alley. Pecked. Nothing I love more than feeding an ostrich on a Monday morning. Dude, look at those freaky primordial birds. Freaking dinosaurs. Uh-oh. He was sneaking up on me. >> Would you like to peck? That peck caught me off guard. Now he's going in for the feeding of the ostrich. I just I just want to pet the ostrich's neck. But this one's wy. He's wary. You don't want to make friends. All you want is my food. You don't want love and attention. I bring you love and peace. He brings us love and peace. Break his legs. >> Look at these things. Look at the way Look at how crafty they are. Sort of sneaky. You want to peck? Peckaroo. That one's hissing. Why are you hissing at me? You want to peck? You want Oh, you can't take the whole bowl, sir. Hey, hey, hey, hey. It's smart. It knows. It knows it can grab the whole bowl if you're not wary. Okay, down here. How about down here? A little peckaroo. Take a little snack. Don't be greedy, dude. Look at freaking ostrich land. Got all these ostriches coming up against the fence. The ostriches that would like a little peckaroo. Get a little peck there. All right. All right. All right. Then you look out in the field beyond the fence and there are so many ostriches down there. Got some squirrels down here. You're getting in the way of the squirrels. Look at them just sitting there waiting for someone to throw them a bone or some alalfa pellets as the case may. What you want to peck? Are you coming for a little peckaroo? Peckity pe. Don't be greedy. Are you scared? Um, not as scared as I was before >> the first time. >> You can pet them if they tolerate it and enjoy it. These ostriches look like they've had enough being Why are you hissing? So angry. Whoa. What are you, an emu in disguise? Oh, I did it. I petted one. Oh, >> it hates you. >> This one? What? >> It hates you. >> This one? The hissing one? >> Yeah. I think he just hates the other ostriches. Whoa. You can't take the whole bowl. Look at that. They're getting more alalfa on the ground than they are in their weird long hissy necks. Just let me get a little friendship. Friendship. All right, these ostriches are getting a little aggressive over here. There's more than just ostriches to feed. See this? They also have emus. Normally, I think of emus as being far less. Look at this sleepy guy right You want a little food, sleepy guy? You fool. You full. Normally I think of the emus as being far more evil and ostriches are more friendly. Go to Rooster Cogburn's ostrich range. Those ostriches love being pet. Last time we were here at ostrich land up near Svang. They also enjoyed a pet or two. Not this time. They're being antisocial. So I'm going to come over here and feed the evil looking emus. Hello Limu. Emu. Dude, look how gnarly. It's the red eyes for me. Hello. Look at these Skeksis looking things. Wa. What did you just say? You said, "Oh, you're gentle." >> Yeah. >> To the emu. >> Yeah. >> Look at those. >> Yeah. They peck less hard and famously emus. >> Is it emu or emus for the plural? Do you know? Excuse me, ma'am. Are you aware what you're called? Emus kick. They can kick with those feet really hard and really injure you. >> Do the emus have large talons? >> They have really expanded ostrich land. Look how far down it goes. Good thing I didn't waste all my food. Those are probably the friendly ostrich down there. Just said these ones are probably hungrier. And she is right. Look at them. Look how eager they are. Hello. You like this? Is this what you want? I can't tease them now. I have to feed them. Oh my goodness. It's a feeding frenzy. Hey. Oh my gosh. I've never pet an emu before. They're always so mean, but this time they're being friendlier than the ostrich. Hello. You hear those weird noises? Like those are the emu making those noises. I want that noise. You hear that? Freaky. I bet that's what dinosaurs sounded like. Hello, little dinosaur. Oh, they're actually much softer than I thought they were going to be. I never knew what a Skeksis felt like before. Well, hello there you beauty. Showing your plumage. I can't give you the bull through the fence. You got to come down to the little hole down here. Come on. Just me and my ostrich friends having a little trip to the hole. Ladies, ladies, calm down. Calm down, ladies. You get a little peck. You want a little peck there? Whoa. Hello. Hello. This is the original one. There you go. There you go. Oh, I'm sorry. You had some. You had some. All right. All right. All right. He's out of food. You let those emu take advantage of you. Here, you can have my bowl right there. There you go. Finally, some facts I'm going to learn. Adult ostriches stand 8 to 9 ft tall and weigh 250 to 350 lbs. They can reach speeds of up to 45 mph. The oldest ostrich on record is 81. The only bird with only two toes. And the rooster ostrich sits on the eggs at night. You do the night shift there. I don't know which one. Whoa. Whoa. Watch your head. THAT WHOA. THAT OSTRICH was kicked by that other ostrich. These ones are much bigger. Or maybe we're just standing. Whoa. More face to face. Dude, some of these ostriches look very Whoa. They're like velociaptors from testing the fences. They look disgruntled. They don't look gruntled. Oh, look at this. You could be riding high over here. Fun pick opportunity. Oh, I've got to do this. What a fun one. Well, I'm being pecked from behind. Those ostriches can reach through those bars pretty far. I just wouldn't want to be inside of that fence and get kicked cuz that looks so pain. When they kicked each other, it looked painful. You could feel it. The noise. Boom. Look at them. Look at them chasing each other back there. Run. Well, they're not going 80 mph, I'll tell you that much. That was a slow motion ostrich chase back that way. Hello. I don't have any more food, but would you like to be on camera? Would you like to tell us what it's like to be a a very strange dinosaur looking animal? Oh, the way they can bend those necks is just insane. This place is definitely well named there. It's exactly what it sounds like. Land for ostriches. They like you, Ally. They want to keep their eyes on you. Ostrich land. It definitely feels safer up on the platforms when your your head is above their eye level. >> I don't have any food. Can we still be friends? Oh, Ally had food behind me. Okay, just peck the food off the fence. That's so weird the way they can do that. Uh-oh, here comes another one. Here comes trouble. Oh, look at the way this one's running away. Are you the mean ostrich? I did not think it was possible, but they look even weirder when they're laying down. I'm sorry. I'm sorry I said that. Forgive me. They got close to the fence and they're all just rattling their beaks along it like prisoners. Okay, lift it up. Let them have a little peck. Ah, that is so Jurassic Park looking and scary when they pop up like that. Something so weird about this. It's not right. >> How long you've been in for? H how long? How long? >> Oh my gosh, those sly birds. Look at that. There's an egg right there. What kind of egg you think it is? I think it's a plastic egg cuz they keep kicking it. So maybe it's like one of those decoy eggs that you put to encourage them to lay eggs. You know how they have those fake eggs to put in your chicken coop? Oh my gosh, you're not tall enough for that. Ali's grandpa always talks about putting golf balls or ping pong balls into a chicken house and then they'll lay more eggs. All right, I think we've had enough ostrich time. I think we've been uh startled and frightened by ostriches a plenty out here. Whoa. >> Move on to one last stop and then start heading home. >> One last look at the majestic ostrich. I >> That is a big loud noise. I can't tell which animal that's coming from. There emove. There's ostrich. But look at this. Look at all the bowls that the ostriches have snatched from people's clutches. All right, farewell ostrich land for another eight years, maybe. You never know. We think $8 per bowl, we weren't really paying attention. We were distracted by how eager we were to come and see these emu and ostrich. But for eight bucks a pop, not a bad stop. You like that rhyme? She didn't like that rhyme. I love this. This is what pluses up ostrich land for me is all the weird hand painted sign. By the way, there's a cat. The ostrich land cat. Hi, kitty. >> Well, the cat's letting me pet it. Oh, stretchy. >> This is the most beautiful art of all the art. Allie made a new friend over there in front of the art. I'm just over here admiring the bunnies. Please do not touch or feed the bunnies though. >> The bunnies are just for looking. We're headed back to the parking lot and then down the highway here towards US 101 and Buton. After of course admiring the celebrity signed ostrich eggs in the gift shop. >> Dude, from ostrich land to the city limit was literally like 20 seconds. It's right on the edge of town. A town that was most famous for decades and decades. original location of a certain very strange restaurant. And this is it right here. The original location of Anderson's Pea Soup. There is still a location off of the five freeway in Santella, California. That was not the original location. That one is still open. But the original here in Buin, the one that opened up along the highway, El Camino Rial in the 1920s and just shut down in the 2020s, has closed after nearly 100 years in operation. And luckily, the original building here is still standing. Or I shouldn't say the original original building cuz obviously it was expanded greatly over the years, especially once US Highway 101 came cruising by just a stones throw away. Apparently, the original location here in Budin was not profitable enough to keep open. There's a California institution when they built US Highway 101. There were all kinds of billboards along the highway so many miles to pe Anderson. Got the famous characters here. This guy's usually holding the big hammer and this guy's usually holding the little wedge so he can split a pee on the table. But it looks like they're getting along now. Having a little glass of the bubbly. Look at this classic 20th century roadside Americana. now closed and shuttered for good. They built a big windmill on this place to capitalize on the sort of adjacent Salvang history during the heyday of American highway traffic. I could be wrong about this, but I believe that the original restaurant building is this here sitting out in the front along the old El Camino Riale. Look at that old very quaint, very modest original sign there or old sign. Fences all over the driveways, but the sidewalk was open to walk into the old parking lot. So, I hope I'm okay right here for a minute. Yeah, look at that. Anderson's splitting peas since 1924. A California roadside institution. An empire built on split pea soup now shuttered and closed. Look at the round sign up there. You see the big guy with his hammer, but the little guy with the little wedge splitting the pee, he's gone. He still survives down here though on this mural. Look at that. split in peace since 1924. Believe they closed in 2023 or 2024. Yeah, unless I'm remembering it completely wrong, this little building out in the front was the original restaurant. And you can see it had a much different architectural style. Much more of a throwback to the old sort of San Francisco Victorian architecture and very, very 1920s looking. I love this little pickup window right here. Here's that sign I was talking about right along El Camino Riale because old mission Santa enzma mission in Lomboke just down the road. They're connected by that highway. So it's the old Spanish El Camino Royale, the Kings Highway connecting the two. This is crazy. So, the most I've heard is that they are selling off the property for redevelopment, which I assume means from the state of this place that they're going to tear down this old building, which looks like it needed a lot of maintenance. It's only been closed for 2 years and it's already looking a little rough around the edges. You know what I mean? I don't think you get that kind of damage in just 2 years. There are moving trucks out front and so I think they're still moving some of the furnishings um out of the building cuz there's guys going in and out of the property. The interesting thing is they sold off the original restaurant location but next door we still have Anderson's Pea Soup in not only standing but in operation. So, okay, let's look at the original restaurant building or what I think is the original restaurant building. Here is the old Pea Soup Anderson's sign. Glorious. And apparently they split off the Pup Inn under separate ownership because as we walk away from the big restaurant through the old abandoned parking lot here, check it out. The Pa Soup Anderson's Inn is still going strong. Has pretty good ratings, as a matter of fact. And just for the heck of it, we almost booked a room at the P Soup Inn, which on the sign out front says, "Have a cozy getaway at PSA." Pa Soup Anderson's. So yeah, the Anderson's name will live on in Buin, but only at this old roadside motel built back in the heyday of highway traffic to capitalize on how insanely popular the Anderson's restaurant is. Which, by the way, look at the sh of that. You can see the old original building here. But look back there. Look at how crazy and convoluted and wild that architecture is back there. Got layers and layers of hand painted signs. And then there's like outuildings and buildings that look like houses over here. Maybe the Anderson family or staff lived back here at one point. Who knows? There's storage sheds all themed to that same kind of weird Danish architecture. The dots the landscape up here in and around Solang. Look at these ornate lamposts in the parking lot. I'd love to get my hands on one of those. You can see exactly what I mean here. Look at the ivy growing all over everything. Already growing wildly out of control. I can't even imagine like being so stoked on pea soup that you stay at the pea soup in. You walk over to Anderson's restaurant, you're all stoked about it. >> Look, honey, finally some decent split pea soup. >> They've got some big windows sticking out of the old restaurant up there. This is wild looking considering that it was open only a couple of short years ago. Look at that. Famous since 1924 up on the roof of the original building. Absolutely insane. Look how old that tree is there. Look how thick that trunk is. Nothing better than a thick trunk. Oh, there's some old wooden benches in here that almost look like pews. Some hand painted signs. Shakespeare quote carved on one of those. It's not sure if it was carved on the benches or Yeah, this the back of the benches. So, they're not signs. I wonder if they'll uh auction off some of the contents. They're moving stuff out. I don't know if they're moving it to the Santinella location or maybe the contents of the restaurant, the equipment and the fixtures were all sold to somebody, but yeah, it is all closing down now. These are the latter days, the final days of the original Buin location of P. Soup Anderson's which is how the billboards always said it. Pa soup Anderson's although some people call it Anderson's pea soup. Tomato tomato enter abandoned buildings. A lot of old chairs in there. So clearly they've got storage going back years and years. Yeah, I don't enter abandoned buildings, but I did notice a shortcut through here back to where I parked the car where Ally is waiting. She didn't really feel like tracesing through the abandoned parking lot. Oh, look at those doors. Just amazing. all kind of I think it was familyowned for years and years and years and also sort of handmade a lot of this stuff because you could just see the hand painted and wooden carved things, the hand painted windows, just such a labor of love, such a creative interesting place. All based on such an interesting premise, right? Pea soup. Insane that that simple idea for a restaurant could turn in to all of this and the index store. Just amazing to me that it stayed open until 2024. I guess Gen Z ain't into the P. I don't know what this truck is doing right here. That truck wasn't here earlier, but there's that big moving truck up at the front. I did see people going in and out of the property, although I didn't see them loading anything into the truck. So maybe that moving truck is just parked here for a rest. Lots of other cute businesses here. Here you got Mother Hubard's restaurant across the street. There's some thrift stores in town. Look at this old ashtray. Very 1970s looking. Another old roadside motel just behind Anderson's. Old neon sign there. Believe they are going to tear this place down, which is a shame. Maybe it's just too dilapidated, too old to restore or bring up to code. I don't know. There might be specifics that the public is not generally aware of, but it just seems to me rather than closing it down, it would have been cool to give it a rebrand. People don't like split pea soup anymore. Come up with another food. Burgers. Everyone loves burgers. Tacos. Is there such a thing as Danish tacos? Could have gone for that. Anyway, this wasn't really on our agenda or anything. We just drove by last night. I went, you know, while that building is still standing there, should probably film it. I've driven past this building numerous times throughout my life. never stopped and went inside the original. Never had pea soup at the original. I guess I guess that was part of the problem there. My family never stopped at restaurants like that when we were traveling around. We mostly traveled like I do now with our own food and coolers and stuff like that. We were lucky if we got McDonald's, much less fancy pea soup. But I do appreciate its architectural and historical highway significance. And since it's going to be a thing of the past and gone forever very soon, I thought we'd stop and take a look. Country Lane Motel, by the way, still open. So, come and stay here and look at the wreck that once was Anderson's peuit. See if we can find a different open thrift shop or vintage shop for Ally over here. An antique store. Thank you for unlocking the door. I would like to enter my car. And then we'll have to make our way home. Oh, look how beautiful you are. You're cute. All right, I think this place closes in 10 minutes, so it'll be a fast stop. But look at this cute little thrift shop. Awesome. This looks very much like the buildings used to look in Sulvang before they made them all Danish looking. Pretty cool. For some reason, no matter where we go, Alley finds and buys silver trays. I don't even know if they're real silver. They're probably fake. There's like the weirdest concistador painting up here. I can only get little glimpses of it between the lamps. It looks so cool. That's strange. I wish I had more wall space. Also, some creepy haunted looking sulvang dolls. It was a cute little place. And the building was definitely an old house, that's for sure. You can see they've packed up most of their wares. They were closing up as we walked in. Allie's buying her little cute trays. And I'm just admiring the slug bug out here. I always wanted to own a VW bug. We were visiting a friend of mine yesterday who's got one. Drives it all around. Lom poke. I always thought I'd get one because they were so cheap and there used to be one in everybody's driveway in various stages of repair. But after cash for clunkers, you never see those anymore. You never see Aerost Stars either. You ever noticed that? Huh? Slug bug is a lot harder to play these days. How cool is that? Wimpy wienery and fun, you know. All right, that's going to do it for us today. We got to go back home, start getting back into the groove. I got to go to the dentist. I cracked that tooth on that last road trip. And then we'll be back to something like normal. Maybe I'll tell you what we were doing up here in the next video. It was something kind of special, but very personal. Well, I wanted to keep it a secret, but we'll see what Ally thinks. By the way, now that I got home, I grabbed myself a bottle of Randomland hot sauce and poured all over my food last night. Confirmed the best hot sauce ever. We are now shipping that back out. We're now shipping out signed books again. Signed about 60 of them before we headed out on this road trip. So, you can check all that out at randomland.com or join our Patreon if you want to get me back out on the road. You got your trays? >> Yeah. >> Feeling good? >> Yeah. >> Then you've done your duty. Time for us all to go home and sleep well. See you next time. Just me and my ostrich friends having a little trip to the hole.
