---
video_id: wFwghM7vPXY
channel: TheTimTracker
title: "FREE, Festive & Fun! Disney Springs Christmas Tree Stroll + Trying Jock Lindsey's Holiday Bar Menu!"
published: 2025-11-14
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFwghM7vPXY
---
Today's video is sponsored by Avaron. More on that in just a little bit. Good morning from Disney Springs. We're here today because wait, we're here in front of We haven't done this in a long time, right? We're in our spot. Yeah, we did it. But the holidays have officially started at Disney Springs. So, we've got the Christmas tree stroll. We've got the holiday menu at Jock Lindsy's. We've got general holiday vibes around Disney Springs. So, the tree stroll, which is what I was excited to see, is starting today. It goes through January 4th. And in line, it says it's a a collection of extravagantly decorated Christmas trees throughout Disney Springs during the holiday season. Ooh, perfect. Extravagant. I like that. They're themed to different, you know, characters, movies, things that you know and love. Coco, Disney Villains, Encanto, Fantasia, Frozen, Haunted Mansion, and many more. Disney Cruise Line. Yeah, they have other It's like not a tree though. It's No, it said it says you won't want to miss other festive flora. Oh, so they're festive flora. They're not trees. Festive flora, but they're like topiaries. That's my uh that's my holiday name. So, let's head into Disney Springs and see what we can get into. We got to get Jen something to eat. She we like ran out the door. So, yeah, I want to have like a little snack just like a pre- snack before our jock lens cuz they don't open till 11:30 and it's about like 10:15 10:30 right now. So, I have an hour. So, just a little, you know, a little notch. Uh, what's that called when when you have the thing? Tapos. Tapos. No, like the the first amuse bush. Oh, yeah. Let's go. Oh, festive fauna. What is it called? Festive fa. Why can't I say this? Flora. Yeah. What's fauna? That's the animal. So, flora is plants. Fauna is animals. Flora and Yeah. Yeah. What's the mushrooms? They're fungi. Oh, yeah. Okay. Why aren't they? You should have some Christmas fungi. Well, they're kind of like That's the weird thing about mushrooms is they're kind of both. Oh, they're kind of like flora and fauna if you like really want to get into it. I do want to. Not right now, but I want to get into that with you a little bit further. Here's our first Christmas tree. There it is. So, we need to get our map. Yeah. And I bet there's a sign here. It'll tell us where to get the map. Yeah, there's a few places. So, let's see. What's the closest place to us? White Pig. Yeah. Well, I don't know. That's that way. Yeah. City Works. House of Blues. House of Blues. Oh, that's I was thinking of Planet of Hollywood. I mean, if we go because we can start down there. Okay. And then work our way this way. Yeah. So, maybe we'll do that. We'll go straight down to City Works. Okay. That's the furthest away. Let's do it. Is there There's probably a tree over there. Yeah. We'll we'll pass by a few trees on the way. Okay. Let's do it. Good. Now it's warm in the sun. I don't know if this is new for this year because I've had issues in the past where I'm like, "Which tree is this?" Now, we know. This is the sphere tree. And they show you exactly what sticker to put on your Christmas tree stroll map. Oh, I like it. Yeah, that that helps out a lot. It's very sparkly. Looks great in the sun. I just like Where do they store these things? There is so much space at Walt Disney World for storing stuff that I'm so jealous. You never have to worry about that. We have nowhere to store anything. They have entire complexes for storing things. Yeah, we can see right here there's already two trees around the uh around the fountain here. Ooh. So, we're passing a Wetzel's pretzels. Oh, yeah. Get a little breakfast pretzel. A breakfast pretzel. Is that a thing? It should be. Yeah. Wetzel, call us. I got We got We got We got pretzel ideas. What you got, Wetzels? Oh, apple cinnamon bits. Dogs that make people beg. We made a real quick stop at Starbucks for the best thing this holiday season, a cranberry bliss bar. But today is also red cup day. And I asked him, I said, "How's your red cup day going?" He said, "Actually, it's not too bad." He said, "We got like five boxes, so we're we have so many that we're not going to run out at all today." Really? Wow. Oh, jeez. That thing is thick. You You're going to have to have a bite. I don't think I can eat this whole thing. I'm excited for it. But this is the start of our uh holiday foods cuz this is only available during the holiday season. Christmas is starting now. Cranberry Bliss. M Summer House has a grab-and-go breakfast. This is where we should have come. Look at that. Bacon, egg, and cheese. Oh, that sounds so good. Breakfast taco. Oh yeah, just passing by Splitzville. And I got to say, I like a bowling themed wreath. Look at that. Bet you didn't even know that. What is this? The also the double helix DNA. What's this? Cuz bowling is in your DNA. That's just sparkly bits. Oh, I thought it had something to do with bowling. No, no, it's just like same thing with the double helix, you know? Yeah, it's not anything that has to do except for it's like it's in your DNA. This is Jen. She's always like, "We should take more thumbnail pictures." And then this is me. No, that's exactly how it goes. It is 100%. But before we get started on our festive adventure, a word about today's sponsor. Today's video is sponsored by Avon. Right now, it's wintertime and it's the first dip of cold here in Florida. And I went outside in the morning and I said, "Nope. There's no chance of anybody working out in this weather. So, you know what you could do? You could get yourself an Avon machine because they've got the treadmill, they've got the rower, and they've got a bike. You can work out inside and not have to worry about the blistering cold element of winter or the blistering hot heat of summer. You can do it in the air conditioned comfort of your own home. Not only can you do it in the comfort of your own home, but it's fun to do because they both have the 22-in touchscreen where you can watch your favorite streaming applications. You can join in in a guided workout. You could play a game. It's gamified working out. So, something that I really love about the treadmill is that it has this low 4-in deck. It's got an ultra wide belt and it's got the Cloud Strike deck so that it is a more comfortable run when you're working out. And then the things that I love about the rower is that it has an adjustable footed. It's got a wide handle with the resistance controls built right in and a super comfortable seat. So, if you want to gamify your workouts and make them more fun, be sure to check out Avaron. And right now, you can get an additional $50 off all of their products if you use the code Tim Tracker50. And be sure to use the link in the description down below or use the QR code that's on the screen right now. Wanted to say thank you to Avon for sponsoring today's video. And now back to the video. So, they're building out level 99 here at the old NBA experience. But this is where the Haunted Mansion tree used to be. Oh. So, we got to find it now. Where is it now? I see a tree down there. Ooh, that's a Lion King one. Oh, is it? Okay. Coming over here to City Works. And we're going to pick up a map for the Christmas tree stroll. Oh, we're not going to pick it up right now cuz they're not open yet. But you can House of Blues. So, maybe we go. Oh, House of Blues right here. Yeah, maybe at the at the the place here. Oh, join us this season for a southern Thanksgiving dinner on November 27th, Thanksgiving. Herb roasted chicken with gravy and dewy corn pudding, canned yams, candy yams, garlic, mashed potatoes, green beans, fresh cranberry sauce, and then for dessert, you can add on beignes and stuff. You try their pumpkin milkshake. 37 bucks for adults is not bad at all. Anytime between 11:00 a.m. and 11:00 p.m. Oh, you got it. Got it. Did you see this? I did. It's a kind of a good deal for 37 bucks. It looks good. I feel like maybe we won't cook this year. We'll just come to House of Blues. Okay, so we did go into the House of Blues gear shop which was established in 1992. And we picked up our map for the Christmas tree stroll. Folks gallivanting along a holiday stroll while little ones pose with Staint Nick from the North Pole. This is exciting. Holiday brass band, DJ sleigh, strolling piano, toy soldier, drummers. Oh, that's your merry entertainment for this holiday season. Santa's marketplace. What's Santa trying to sell? I didn't think he was selling stuff. Why does he need a marketplace? Festive fashions. Limited time sips and treats. Oh, that's what we're here for. That's true. So, this is the map right here. And these are the stickers. And we have to take the stickers out and put them on wherever the tree is. So, like take for instance, this is the Lion King tree right here. So, we take off the Lion King sticker. We pop it over there on the one that's over in between City Works and House of Blues. We did it. We did it. Yeah. And so these trees are pretty much the same every year. There are a few exceptions where they might add a new tree or change out something on a tree, but for the most part, this Lion King is the same as it was last year. So, we're headed over to the next one. The closest one to where we are is over here by Splitzville. Yeah. So, let's go check it out. Passing by Salt and Straw. And right now, they have the ice cream taco. So, we aren't in any sort of like like specialty flavors right now. They do. They have pumpkin spice brownie sundae. Let's look inside. Too early for me to have a little bit of ice cream right now. Pumpkin spice brownie sundae. Sounds delicious, though. Oh, okay. Yeah. So, we got Parker House rolls with salted buttercream. Ooh, turkey stuffing and cranberry sauce. Thank you. What is maple ki nut? Jen's trying the Parker House roll. I'm going to try the turkey stuffing. Red. Oh, the cranberry. Okay, that was bizarre. So, it was heavy on the rosemary. Oh, okay. Straight up just pieces of stuffing. It was like I was eating rosemary bread in ice cream. It almost was like I took a bite of stuffing and then there was like cream hints on it. It was the majority of the flavor was stuffing. Wow. Little teeny flavor of of cranberry in there, but it was sweet. It No, it was salty. It was savory. It was a savory ice cream. Like that was wild. Mine was Mine was also um tasted like if you literally froze a roll with salted butter on it and then like crushed it up. That's sort of what it tasted like. Yeah, it was it was very salty almost. But like a sweet cream butter. I don't know that I've ever had a savory ice cream like that. That might have been a first for me. And I've had the the like fried chicken ice cream there and it was still sweet. This one was like mostly savory. Huh. There you go. Oh, we passed our trees. We're just walking right past them. Oh, did we? It was the ice cream. Got me. So, it's pretty backlit. Let me go around the other side. Let me see if I can show C-3PO first cuz he's on this side. But this one is the Star Wars tree. I do like all the little details like the Jawa is down here and then the TIE fighter on the the bobble and then Chewbacca's belt and then C-3PO at the top. And there are little R2-D2 elements too. Where did I just see one? It's that like Oh, yeah. Right there. Yeah. Huh. It's cool. Oh, and then a lot of Stormtrooper helmets or the different types of Stormtroopers. Also, look at this BB-8 represented right there in that bobble. And the next one, Lilo and Stitch. Oh, look. This record has a little bite taken out of it. Try to go around another side to get a better view of these. Putting my sticker on. Oh, yeah. The Star Wars sticker and the Lilo and Stitch sticker. Was that the Yoda one? Was that Did you see the sign? Yeah, it was Star Wars. Oh, yeah. Who? Where else would Yoda go? I don't know. Well, look, there's a scrump, too. Where? Where? Right there in front of the dress. Oh, yeah. Okay. Outside of Starbucks, there's a like a wall here. Oh, you take Instagram photos like a like a flower princess. Do this. Oh, yeah. Let me put you in front of the wall. Instagram? Yeah. You're so far away from the wall. That's perfect. Pop it into Disney style. See what kind of Christmas stuff they have in there. Oh, I can see one already. That Her Universe sweater. Oh, yeah. The her universe stuff right as soon as you walk in. I like it. I do like the sweater and the little skirt, too. I love the the little dress. Oh, yeah. I think that's so cute. Like reminds you of like uh the the holidays as a child. Yeah. Maybe I don't remember seeing these ears, but I don't know that I've seen these ears before. The peppermint ears. Some Tiger and Eeyore ears. I don't know that I've seen them go this hard on Winnie the Pooh. It's a lot. Like, this is this is intense. So much stuff. So much poo stuff. A whole Tigger bag. I have Tigger's head as a bag. Our next tree right here. It's got top hats on the top of it. This is it right here. This is how you know it's the Mickey Mini tree. So, wait, which one is it? Is it this one? It's uh that one. Oh, okay. Yeah, cuz you know how they say nothing can stop us now. It smells like farts in this area. I don't know. It does. All of Disney Springs smells like farts right now. I don't know what's going on. Christmas parts. Yeah. So, we already saw the sphere one from the orange garage. So, we'll put that sticker on. And then the other one over here is Fantasia. Oh, the flamingo up there. I don't know if you can see Sorcerer Mickey's hat way up top and his little Yensid's uh magic wand. Oh, what's that? Is that Turabog? No, it's the conductor. Oh, okay. from Fantasia. So, we're going to put the Did you already put it? I did. All right. Wait, is that Oh, it's the It's the like bird. I thought it for a second. Yeah. I thought it was um Figment for like two seconds. I was like, does Figment belong on this tree? No. Huh? Kind of over here by characters in flight. We've got the villains tree. We got everybody on here. Every every villain that you can imagine. Which sticker is it? Oh, I thought it was going to be her. Maleficent. When you think of a Disney villain, who's the like who do you think of? I mean, Maleficent, right? I mean, that's what this is saying, but like who do you think of? Just because I just saw Jafar, I'm only thinking of Jafar right now. Okay. Uh, who do you think of? I don't know. It's hard. It's I'm not sure. And then Facilia, too. But yeah, who do you got? You leave it in the comments. Yeah. Who's your quintessential Disney villain? Geston. I like this tree on top of a tree. That's fun. Look at these penguins. Who built these penguins? I'd like to know. You did a good job on your welds. I'm proud of you. I want you to know that if you built these penguins. It was me. I How come you haven't welded more stuff for me? I always have these ideas of opening up stores next to stores. So, like right next to us here is a store, like a kiosk called Just Fun Socks. And I want to open up a kiosk next to it that's just like normal socks. That's what we sell. Socks, just like plain socks. I am Moana. Oh yeah, there it is. The top when she put her conch shell on top of the pile of rocks. Always wondered like what what about the next the next leader of the people of Motenui? What are they going to do? What do you mean? Oh, cuz every like leader would put their rock on top and she's like I'm going to put a shell. I'm just have to figure it out, I guess. Yeah, they got to balance it. I don't know. And then there's another one right there. The Destiny. Ooh, that's the um festive flora. Here's the display for the Disney Destiny. And I got to say, electricians, you got to fix these rooms back here. Oh, no. Doesn't seem like a fun time, does it? They're just having like a little Destiny disco back there. Yeah. Oh, like I like the I wish they actually did this on the ship, like with the garland. Oh, and these are like leaves here. This is cool. Oh, they have the beef Wellington burger at Deluxe Burger. Beef Wellington. We're going to have Beef Wellington over at Jock Lindsay. Oh my gosh. But remember last year we had that burger. It was so good. Delicious. Oh, they did. Oh, I didn't know there was a button. It's not a button. It's their Magic Band Plus. Congratulate. Yeah, look at And the lights turned different color and stuff. That was cool. That was cool. Yeah. So, we don't have our Magic Band Pluses with There it goes again. Wow. But it did say in the thing it was like, "If you don't have your Magic Band, just buy one. You're here at Disney Springs." Yeah. So, we got them for sale. Passing by Zara. And Harry Lambert has a new collection, a couple of new collections that he's selling at Zara that are Disney themed. And I've seen the Lost Boys. So, we ran into um somebody that was wearing the one of the outfits and it looks so cool. And he was saying that they have a Lost Boys collection now that Harry has a Lost Boys collection, but I don't know if it's at this location, right? So, we're going to double check, but he also had like this clown inspired collection and this um Donald inspired collection. So, I want to see what they have in there currently. I like this. So, there's two different trees that they're like their icon or their sticker that you put on is just tree. Oh, no. Somebody's doing the Archimedia screw. Oh, yeah. That's what all my cranking noise is. But I like it cuz it's it's a beautiful traditional Christmas tree. I want to come back with the kids cuz we have this one of my favorite pictures um of us and Jackson is in front of this tree. So I want to come back with Oliver and do all four of us. And there are snow machines around here somewhere. I don't see. But it does like snow here in the evening time around this tree. Well, you know, we should stop by Anthropology. I hear they got a good rock in there. I was just telling him about the anthropology rock thing that was happening on um Instagram and how I was going to do it, but I couldn't figure out a way to film you without you knowing that I was filming you. Yeah. And so and you probably would have I would have been fine with it. I know. You'd have been like, "Oh, okay, cool. $150 anthropology." Whatever makes you happy. I'll probably ask you what it does. What does it do? Does it light up or anything? It grants three wishes three. Oh, I like that. That'd be great. I would buy it for $150 for wishes, man. Also, I'm begging you, person that decorates the anthropology windows, throw a rock in there, right? Just like right there next to the the stocking there. You would think that they would be like in on it, right? They they probably in on it. Oh, yeah. Maybe it started for me anthropology later. All right. Now, we are making our way towards Jock Lindsay's for to see what the wait time is like and to get some lunch. Made it over to Jock Lindsay's holiday bar. Looks like there's no wait either. Look, they got the stions and everything set up. Oh, yeah. Okay, so we want to get the meatballs, the pigs in a blanket, the Wellington, the doubled eggs, the egg rolls. This one we won't get because this has rum. Although I like I like how they're serving it. How cute. Oh, yeah. They have the Didn't they have that same thing at uh Vicki and Alice? Oh, in the cup. Yeah. Yeah, this thing. This cup. So, we've made it inside Jock Lindsay's hanger bar. So, this is based off of an Indiana Jones character named Jock Lindsay, and this is his bar. There he is right there on the New York Yankees hat on the wall. I like this the lights around the uh the Sky King. We're gonna go outside a little bit. It's like it's nice outside. It's by the water. Just like the decorations around. I was looking around and I didn't know where you're cuz you're wearing a long sleeve shirt. I said, "Where's Shin?" I'm here. Here I am. There you are. This is like what the Wonder Made stuff looks like. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So, we already know what we're getting. I mean, yeah. We're going to get everything except for this. Everything except the icon. I hope you're hungry. Oh, man. I'm so hungry. I'm like the most hungry I've ever been in my life. Well, good good news. I've got a lot of food for you to eat. Oh, good. First thing they brought out was Jock's famous pigs in a blanket, mini smoked sausage, puff pastry, and cranberry mustard for $14. They did give me the warning that they're like, "Use this handle because the actual skillet is very hot." And then we also got they said that they're going to bring out the food as it comes, like as it's ready. So, this is the holiday minecart meatballs for $16. Maple, bourbon, meatballs, Granny Smith, apple, and cranberry chutney, and thyme. You want to give it a try now? I like that they're playing like old timey Christmas music, too. Sausage has a great flavor, a really good snap. I like it. Good. Good thing to start with, you know, a good starting. You always You always got to start with a dog. Look at the juiciness of it, too. Oh. Oh, yeah. Yes. Wa. Oh, they look like Rudolph the Red Nose reindeer. Cute. Thank you. All right, back to the the meatball. Let's see. It almost has a meatloaf taste to it. Ooh. Because of the sauce. It is a little like ketchupy. It's good though. I like it a lot. I'm going to cut it in half. I want to show them the inside. There it is. Oh, yeah. Okay. This reminds me of like, you know, that thing that people bring to like parties where they put them in like a crock pot and break jelly. Kind of reminds me of that. Oh, wow. The turkey egg roll showed up in a little truck. They'll just drive it off like look. You can actually like roll it. Oh, and they're like in a little to-go container, too. Mhm. That's adorable. They like really put a lot of like uh but they're like rosemary budget through the roof this year. Look at this. Okay, so I tried the meatballs. Not my favorite. They're very tender. I don't think I like the the sauce. I don't think I love that. The meatballs themselves are cooked really well. They're very tender. They have a good flavor, but I just don't love the sauce. It's almost too sweet for me. I don't know. I just had one of these. Very delicious. They're a little spicy. Like as we we were talking to our table neighbors over here and as I was talking to them, I'm like, "Oh, I got I have like spice in my mouth." It's from that. Yeah. They're good though. I do like them, but spicy. And then so we got two things that showed up. This is the wreath of Wellington for $19. Strip steak, mushroom ductel, griier puff pastry, herbed parmesan, and horseradish mustard aioli. And the last thing we got was the turkey egg rolls for $16 with sweet and sour cranberry dipping sauce. Yeah. This is a little fire truck that it comes in. Oh, it reminds me of like Southwest egg rolls from Chili, but like holiday. Make it holiday. They're super hot. We'll let them cool off a little bit. Oh no. On your pants. You got a napkin right here that you could have on your pants. Oh no. Who am I? Tent tracker. My napkin's full of grease from my beef Wellington things. That's how it is. Um, let me dip it in this. Oh, you're going to try it even though it's super hot. Yeah, you know. You like it? So, the cranberry sauce, I got a little bit too much cranberry sauce. Let me try it again with a little less. I do really like this. It's a nice mix of savory and sweet. I'm not getting any turkey. I'm getting more of like that stuffing flavor. They're like main the first thing that the title is turkey. I'm not really tasting the turkey, but it does have a great flavor. I'm tasting more of like a stuffing flavor. And then the actual like wrapper is like crisp on the outside, a little chewy on the inside. Really good. Very fresh. So, Can't come. No complaints for me. Ready. [Music] Thank you. It was like a rock and roll version of Santa Claus is coming to town. I love it. Oh, I forgot they have fried chicken on them. Goodness. They look so good. This is the whole reason that I feel like I came here. This is deileled eggs filled with sweet potato filling, fried chicken, herb butter, cranberry, and parsley. If you don't like rosemary, do not order these. This is so rosemary heavy. Like scent. That's what I said. They like Nothing Nothing like tastes like rosemary to me. Not getting that taste, but the smell is overwhelming. Trying to pick the perfect egg to start with. I'm going to try this little one right here. Oh, him and his eggs. Oh jeez. Oh, brother. Let me get this back. Rosemary. Is it? There's no rosemary on this one. I guess maybe on the chicken there's some rosemary. There's some herbed I think it's the herbed butter. The fried chicken is awesome. Super crispy, tender, but yeah, it's like very heavy rosemary flavored. I ate the whole thing. This is another one that's kind of sweet and savory. Wow. It's a chicken thigh, so it's got that that great flavor. The fried chicken is the best part. Kind of wish it wasn't sweet potato. Kind of wish it was like a devil egg. Yeah. You know what they do with the yolks? Where did those yolks go? Good question. All right, I have to disassemble my reindeer. Oh, no. So, it's like a pin wheel. It's like a beef Wellington pin wheel, which is super smart. That's a good idea. It looks like it was fried up here, too. Yeah. Let me see what it looks like inside after you bit it. That's really good. They brought it out and we were in the middle of eating other stuff, so it cooled off very quick. So, it's cold now, but the flavors are awesome. The beef is so tender and the flakiness of the puff pastry because we had so much food on the table. I couldn't see the sauce that came with the reindeer Wellington. So, it came with a horseradish like mustard ioli and uh I think that would have made them taste so much better. So, um, sorry about that. We do have some leftovers because we ordered a lot of food. I'm going to bring this home so my sister can try some. Maybe the boys will want to try it. But we definitely have a snack for later. So, and we All of this was about $96. $86. Oh, 80. I thought you said 96. Oh, $86. Look at that. A steal of a deal, right? All right, we're making our way out now. Oh, look. Santa and a palm tree. Hey, how's it going? This elf looks like he's ready to fight somebody. What is it? So that elf looks like he's ready to fight somebody, doesn't he? Oh, no. Oh, I like that. What is it? Oh, the snowman up there. Yeah, he's got legs. He's got legs with legs. Never seen a snowman with legs except for the very famous cartoon of Frosty the snowman where he has legs. That's true. This is me and Jen as bobber snowmen. They don't have legs. It's true. They don't cuz they're made of bobbers. Let me come into Aaron McKenna's bakery. It's a vegan bakery. And uh see what they got for Oh, yeah. Look, they got pumpkin stuff. Apple pie. The bakery sink. I like that. That's fun. Oo, man. Look at that cake. Wow. They have little mini pieces. Yeah, there's gingerbread cookie. Pumpkin cookies. Oh, man. This dipped cookie sandwich looks so good. Also, Aaron McKenna is a great place if you have allergies because they can also do gluten-free and things like that. The Nightmare Before Christmas is the next tree we come across with zero up on the top. There he is. Also, this duck. Oh. Oh, she did her magic band. This lights are going. This would be a lot of fun to do at night time. And I played a little bit of Oh, and Zero's moving. Look at Zero. It's spinning around up there. I like the rat. It's like Santa rat. Santa rat. You know how we were talking about Lil Boo and like what would be the Christmas one? I think it's that Gourd. That gourd. What would you call him? Um Gordon. Gordon. Gordon Joseph. Gordon Whiteoot. I don't know. Oh, I like this hand. The skeleton hand coming out above your boob. You're your Gordon Gordon. Gorkoot. I really like that this cocoa one has like two different sides to it. So you've got all the marolds on this side for the land of the dead and then Yeah. And then on this side, this is where all the houses and Alphrenas are for the side of the living. I still haven't seen this movie. I got to watch it. Oh my god, it's so good. I like I don't want to cry. Well, where is Dante? So Dante's like sort of represented here, I would say, but like not a true representation of Dante. I like all the the graveyards up top. I do, too. That's my favorite part. It's like Beetlejuice. Oh man, I like that the Haunted Mansion every year gets more and more like weathered. So like this dress in particular used to be a little bit whiter, a little bit brighter. Now the dress is really starting to weather. So I think we put the Cocoa one in the wrong spot. Uh but I don't think it matters. Yeah, it's okay. I think we can just kind of put them wherever and they'll be like, "Oh, you did great." I feel like they should they should like name all of these buildings so I know exactly where I am. Yeah, it's kind of hard to tell. But like they showed the Lego store and they showed the dragon out in the water. Yeah. And so like we're there right now in between those spaces. So I know that that's where that one goes. But there it is. Yeah. Spooky. Looks like not cold enough for Stitch not to be spitting today. Now we're going to go over to the Wait, is he spitting? Yeah, you can see there's water on the ground. Oh, we're headed to the co-op, check on some Muppet magnets. We're getting so close to the end. It's 70 of them and we're in the 60s right now. I thought you meant I thought you meant the Christmas trees for a second and I was like, "Oh, we got to get through 70 Christmas trees." There's 70 Christmas trees. Oh my goodness. That would be so many Christmas trees. Where would they put them all? I don't know. I mean, at that point, they'd just be decorating these trees. Yeah, right. They're like, "This one's a That's a holiday crate myrtle." A National Geographic tree. Oh, that's a good one. Good job. Nice work. You should work. WDI, hire me. Call it. What? Uh, what was the last one that we got? I'd have to see them. Oh, we don't have him. Do we have George? I don't think we have I think we do have George. Wait, these are the new only needed to get one right now. And look, this is number 64 out of 70. And we've missed I think we missed five, you said. Dang. I feel bad cuz we were doing really good there for a minute, but we were out of town. Yeah. So, we missed. I think we did pretty good for 70 weeks straight. Yeah. Yeah. Right. All right. 70. Sorry, Dylan. Over at Once Upon a Toy can write a letter to Santa. Also, there's a Christmas tree over there. We'll have to see that. Yeah, we're going to check on that one. Oh, that's the other one. That's the other Christmas tree. It's the traditional Christmas tree. At one point in time, we met Santa in here. We grabbed a couple of these for the for the boys. And they're already pre-folded. So, you have a good spot for it. What does the other side say? Just to the North Pole. And you can pop it in right here. And Mickey will take it to the North Pole. Oh, I love it. They're working together. Okay, we got to take these home. Look at Woody up there. Look, it's Yoda and he's angry with us. Oh no. Oh no. Watch out. You know what I thought? So they have like the Yoda. You know how they have the babies? Yeah. So is that baby Yoda or is that Grou? Yeah, that Grou. But he's already a baby. He's 50 years old. That's an old man. Did I get that wrong? Is he 500 years old? I feel like he might be old Grou. Yeah. Is he 500 or 50? I'm going to say 500. They can't answer you. Who? They can leave a comment. But you're like, "Why aren't you answering me?" Just tell me already. We did it. The furthest away tree. Where's this one? What was the tree was? Oh, this is the traditional Christmas tree right here. I need to start decorating with peanut reindeer. Maybe that's what we can do. A lemon pig for New Year's and peanut reindeer for Christmas. All the all the all the what are they called? Horses. Why can't I remember the name of a horse? All the horses on the carousel have Santa hats on. And I don't know if this is something that they just did for the holiday season, but they've got red and green bulbs on the inside, too. There's a bench here, a bench seat that can also accommodate a wheelchair. There's like an Everglaze popup over here. Where? Oh, yeah. Right there. Just like got some got some donuts going. Yeah, cuz they're way on the other side. I know you're over here. You probably don't even know they're over there, right? And they can say, "You want more donuts? Go over there. We also have fried chicken. We can meet Santa's marketplace is right here. This is where you meet Santa." This is a virtual queue. So, we didn't do a virtual queue for him. One year I showed Santa through the window. You did? And Yeah, cuz he was like, it was closed. We came at night and we could see Santa, but now the windows are all blacked out. I know whose fault that is. Mine. Yeah. Princess Tiana tree. Lots of different like musical instruments and things for the bayou. Here at Marketplace Snacks, got Sven's reindeer food, waffle sundae, vanilla and chocolate soft serve swirl, white and dark chocolate coated pretzels, M&M's, cinnamon cereal, chocolate biscuits, marshmallow sauce, and white chocolate coin. There's a lot of stuff. Like that was a big long list of things. That's what the reindeers like to eat. Not carrots like you would imagine from the movie. I wonder if you saw a reindeer to crunch. Yeah. Would you don't give them this? Yeah, it's probably not a good idea. We got the frozen one here with the antlers. Oh, it's very oy. It's so sparkly. There's like snow and snowballs. The other side was more almost like the trolls, like the moss. Yeah. I like it that they have two different sides to them. It's cool. I love those like diamondy little Oh, there's like blue things. Yeah. I like how in the song, I don't know if you can hear the song, but he goes rocking around the criser. Merry Christmas. The next one is in KTO. See how they have all the doors and the candles and of course lots and lots of butterflies. Another one right there. Flowers. Where's the rat? What do you mean the rat? Oh, from Bruno. From Bruno. The The rat was on the other tree. The Nightmare Before Christmas tree. The old Vulcom store. Was it Vulcom or Hurley? Was the old surf brand store? Now it's the Enchanted Holiday Art Gallery. Oh, it's big. My goodness. They got a lot of Brett Ian stuff. Is he the one that did the stuff in Wilderness Lodge? Like this looks like the Wilderness Lodge stuff. I feel like if I see him somewhere, I'm going to ask him. This is Michael Reyes. He's the one that does all of the stuff at Gideon's. Oh, I like this. That's fun. Oyster Babies. A shucks. A shucks. Oh, it's $5,000. Yeah, it's an original. Wow. I love this. The paint brushes. Turtle boy. That's like Turtle Boy from Bluey. Turtle Boy. Who instead of Wonderboy? Yeah, I like that. Holiday paint brushes. You too can make a giant paintbrush out of a couple of mop heads and some some fabric dye. This is so It's very smart. I like it. This is This feels like Festival of the Arts, and I love it. Except for it's holiday. Festival of the Arts except for make it holiday. I like the Wall-E stuff. This is Jared Franco. Wow. Oh, there's a place to sit. Oh, yeah. You could like contemplate art in here. It smells like fresh paint. I feel like they just painted all these. Yeah. I like this Powerline one. This is fun. And the the Hercules one. Do you remember when ghost when we were them for Halloween? Yeah. Monterey Jack and Gadget. Gadget. Yeah. Oh, look at look at the the brothers in business. And it's Mickey and Oswald. A that's fun. Pooh and Heii. There's all the decorations here in I don't even know what this section of Disney Springs is called. There's like the town center. The town center. I don't know. I learned them a while ago, but I forgot them all. Well, I was going to Somebody had mentioned that they wanted you to update those videos because everything's changed. Oh, so many new stores. Yeah, they're not like they're not the same anymore. Ooh, season's greetings from Disney Springs. I'm going to get one of these for the house. Like a weird flower. It kind of looks like one of those ornaments. Yeah. So, this is the annual passholder tree. So, you'll see lots of like nods like Astro Orbiter over here. The Montreal. Look at these over here. The D thing. Oh, all the buttons. Oh, somebody just set off the It's all like the balloons. Like they made the balloons into Oh, yeah. That's cool. Yeah, I like that. You know what they should have done is they should have put all of the magic bands and made like Well, they did it with a park with park maps. Oh, that's a good idea. It's fun. Oh, and look, there's the magic band reader right there. But yeah, I think the magic bands would have been better. The star up on top has an annual passholder magnet almost. It looks like like sort of close to the the design of an annual passholder magnet. And then our last tree is the Toy Story tree. Oh, look, the Pixar ball right there as an ornament. I like that it's kind of like traditional like retro Christmas. And I like the little kitty angel on the top and party kitty. Wrong franchise. I feel like we could make this snowman right here. It's like yarn. Slinky Dog. I like Santa with a button beard. Santa with a button beard. I like Santa with a rope beard. Just Santa's with different kinds of beards. Oh, you're doing it last time. Putting my last sticker. No. The only problem is we're not anywhere near a redemption spot. Oh, no. Nowhere. No. Is it like Crystal Arts, Javiana's, House of Blues, Lego Store, Fage Cake? Oh, no. Yeah. I wish they they did it one year at Holly Planet Hollywood, but not this year. What time is it? 1:50. We got to go. Oh man. What do you get? I don't know. A button. We can't show you what you get. I I'll put a picture of it here. Somebody I'm sure somebody already has it and I'll put a picture of what you get right here. But we didn't get it. I'm sorry. We completed it. For us, it was more about the journey than the destination. You know, we don't need any prizes. Yeah, we're doing it. We're winners just for No, for just because. All right. So, now we are making our way back to the orange garage. The best garage cuz we're headed to the car. Yeah. We did it. I had so much fun today. I did too. I love doing the Christmas tree troll. I feel like it's just like a nice walk around, you know, spending time having festive fun. When you just said that, for a second, my brain said Christmas tree troll. No. And now I want there to be a Christmas tree troll. Start a new holiday tradition of the Christmas tree troll. So, there you have it. That was our trip out to Disney Springs to experience some of the holiday offerings out here. Yeah. So, we had some festive treats. We had the food at Chuck Lindsay's Hangar Bar. I feel like the Holiday Bar, I would for sure go check it out. Um, we didn't have any of their drinks, but I did hear that their festive drinks are good and, you know, unique. So, go check those out. Yeah. And, um, next time we come, we're going to try some more of the sweet treats cuz we missed our our chance to do that today. That's what I want right now. The tree stroll was great. So, I highly recommend doing that. It's a free fun activity. And what was your favorite tree? Ooh, my favorite tree, I think, would have been I really did like the frozen tree. I liked the um the Nightmare Before Christmas tree a lot. That's one that I was going to say because I like the way that it like zero went around the top. Thought that was cool. Yeah, that was fun. Those are my top. So yeah. So all in all, a fantastic trip out to Disney Springs. With that being said, we are off. We'll see you all tomorrow. Now it's time to pay the price. [Music]
